B00000DC4A|1.0|The newest CD of Bryan Adams starts promising with the rock-songs  &quot;How do ya feel tonight&quot; and &quot;C'mon c'mon c'mon&quot; and  the excellent song &quot;On a day like today&quot; but then something  happens... Instead of going on with rock-songs the Canadian rocker starts  with sweet and slow songs which makes you fall asleep. What happened to our  Bryan? Nobody wants to hear songs like &quot;I'm a liar&quot;, &quot;Inside  out&quot; etc. etc. of Bryan Adams of course! Bryan let's give you an  advice, keep rockin'! To people interested in this CD: think twice before  bying this CD.
0783114222|5.0|How does one review a movie 12-hours long in just a few words. This  production would be an amazing accomplisment for a movie studio. The fact  that is was produced as a TV miniseries just boggles the mind.<br />There  really aren't enough superlatives to describe it. About the best I can do  is to say that it was totally engrossing from beginning to end. Well known  and little known actors work side by side with spectacular results. The  special effects are as good as any I've seen, and the absolute authenticity  makes it a movie hard to stop watching. Tom Hanks has produced a space  masterpiece that is made all the better by the fact that it is all  true.<br />This is a movie that can be watched again and again. I'm sure I  will.
B00004U8H4|1.0|Perhaps the worst film of the year, American Psycho has very few  &quot;american&quot; qualities to it.  The movie is confusing, unappealing,  and full of irrelevance.<br />The movie is about an yuppie on Wall Street who  is trying to be better than everyone else.   Obsessed with success, sex,  and into drugs, Patrick Batemen works on Wall Street by day and plays  serial killer by night.  Or so it seems.  The ending of this movie is so  confusing, it led me to believe that some of the killing sequences are  Batemen's fantasies.  Specifically, in one scene, Batemen kills Paul Allen.   Later, he goes to Allen's apartment and kills two ladies and stores them  in the closet.  Subsequently, he visits the apartment and discovers it's  sold and no one seems to think anyone died there.  At the end, Batemen's  lawyer tells him that Paul is alive and that he has seen him in London.   So, what happened?<br />The movie also failed to be effective as a  suspense/horror/thriller due to its uneven pace.  At times, it slows to a  crawl, focusing on dinners, meetings that have little to add to the entire  story.  There are also a number of lines that are repeated for no apparent  reason.  For example, Batemen tells several people, &quot;I have to return  videos to the store.&quot;  Did I miss something?<br />Unfortunately, it  appears that the viewer needs to  read the book first in order to  understand what is going on.  I, for one, have no intention of reading the  book - a movie should stand on its own.  American Psycho clearly doesn't.
B00003CX5A|5.0|&quot;Sleepy Hollow&quot; is a movie custom made for people who like  atmosphere in their films. The dark, brooding feel of this film is well  placed for a story such as this. And, surprisingly I think, Johnny Depp is  just right for the part of Ichabod Crane. <br />Although the movie could  certainly be billed as a horror movie, there is no real horror. What there  is are moments of suspense, sprinkled with an occasional good scare. But,  again, it is the overall feel of the movie made possible by just-right  cinematography and the Gothic, old-world setting that raise this movie to a  higher level. It certainly deserves better than it got in its theatrical  run.<br />So, sit back, get some popcorn and a soft drink, and enjoy.
B000002UAF|3.0|While there are some good songs on the CD from the movie, much more was  left out. The REAL soundtrack was inventive and new (for 1965). I can  understand why other songs were included but to leave 1/3 of the film's  music off this CD is a crying shame. This Boy is a wonderful instrumental  and the fabulous instrumental version of a Hard Day's Night shows you where  Sgt. Pepper's and the later albums wonderful mix of instruments and musical  phrasing really began. If you've still got a turntable, find the original  vinyl album and really enjoy the music.
B00003CWNR|4.0|This movie is really hard to describe. First of all, Michael Caine did a  fine job but his performance didn't strike me as oscar caliber. Secondly,  the movie seemed a bit to preachy about the pros and cons of abortion.  Third, the sex scenes, albeit few, didn't ring true and seemed out of place  in a movie such as this. Although it wasn't difficult watching Charlize  Theron in the scenes, she just seemed a too worldly wise and mature to be  the boyish Tobey Maguire's lover. <br />All that aside, this movie was a very  pleasant distraction and was oddly fulfilling. The kids in the orphanage  were charming, especially poor little Fuzzy. The rather extensive subplot  at the apple farm, though a bit jarring in its content, lent much to the  feel of the film.<br />This is an enjoyable film that deals with subjects that  aren't so enjoyable. Overall, this is one to watch again and again, and I  certainly will.
0671034065|5.0|This book was very entertaining.  I, and several of my friends, found  ourselves laughing out loud at the dialogue, at the idea, and could not  figure out &quot;who-dun-it&quot; until the very end.
B00000J6AG|5.0|I am a true DJ fan, as I am one, and strongly urge everybody out there who  is in the whole techno scene to buy this CD. Coming from working in Flordia  was my first chance to experince Moby, as he was popular in many of the  clubs. With a nice spin, and more than exceptional mixing, this is one of  the best cds that I can use in my mix.
B00000099Y|5.0|Alright, simply put, this album will move you. It is one of the greatest  albums I own! Maynard pumps out his amazing vocals and you can't help but  love it. You don't even need to understand what he's saying, just the  melody in his voice is enough! Then, when you actually listen to the  lyrics, it will amaze you even more.<br />I will admit though, when I first  bought this, I didn't really like it. The reason, it wasn't what I  expected. As I listened to it more and more, I began to realise it's  briliance, and now, I absolutely love it! So, if you find you don't like  this at first, stick with it, it will definately grow on you (unless you  are the kind of person who can only appreciate music that is  mindless).<br />So yeah, the bottom line, Maynard rocks, and Tool is an  awesome band! BUY THE ALBUM!
0671027344|5.0|Reading this book left me with a feeling that I have been changed for the better for looking into the brain of such an amazing person.  To have been  a part of the thoughts that went through Charlie's head gave me the sense  that I was a part of something special.  I'm amazed at how the author  captures the thoughts that almost every teenager has. He describes  characters that everybody can recognize.  When Charlie experiences his  highs and lows, the reader is right there with him.  I felt infinite  reading about how he felt infinite.  It's a book celebrating life and the  simple everyday occurances that make it special, such as riding through the  tunnel in a pick-up truck or the feeling of belonging that comes with  having true friends.
B00004TJTS|4.0|The dogs that played Skip absolutely MADE this film.  Their antics and  stunts had me smiling and laughing throughout.  Frankie Muniz (from Fox's  MALCOM IN THE MIDDLE) plays Willie Morris, a boy growing up during World  War II.  His overprotective father is brilliantly played by Kevin Bacon.   Luke Wilson does a good job of portraying Willie's next door neighbor, Dink  Jenkins.<br />Willie is a shy boy with no friends but the scholar athlete next  door that's going off to war.  Receiving Skip for his 9th birthday helps  him cope with his loneliness.  The dog also attracts other kids and he  eventually makes friends.  This is a great movie for kids, but adults will  enjoy it, too.  The kids will enjoy the antics of the dog and his  interaction with Willie while adults will appreciate some of the themes  that are dealt with:  courage, growing up, and the aging of a family pet.   All in all, a very enjoyable film.
B00000JJQK|5.0|There's not much to be said about this album that hasn't been  said.......people tend to concentrate too much on the fact that this is  basically a Brian Wilson album, but that's not what's important. This album  is truely beautiful in every respect...not to put down the Beatles, but  this is much more beautiful than anything they ever did. Anyone who thinks  the Beatles'lyrics from Revolver or Sgt. Pepper are better than this needs  to shut up.........to me neither are better, just different The obviously  flawless harmonies, spotless instrumentation, and touching lyrics all  convene into making perhaps the most emotionally affecting album ever (Bob  Dylan's  &quot;Blood On The Tracks&quot; comes in second for me).........I  almost break into tears everytime I hear &quot;God Only Knows&quot;---it's  just so amazingly beautiful!!!!!!!!!However, I think my favorite song is  &quot;I Just Wasn't Made For These Times&quot;, because I can relate with  what's being said &amp; it's lyrically such a big change in direction from  anything else they'd ever done. Beatles fans need to stop cursing everyone  else's music so much &amp; see that even they aren't perfect, especially  the lyrics which while good are still light years behind Dylan's. PET  SOUNDS is the EMOTIONAL, BEAUTIFUL album of 1966 (or of all time); the  Beatles REVOLVER is the KALEIDISCOPIC, VARIED, PSYCHADELIC album of 1966;  Bob Dylan's BLONDE ON BLONDE is the INTELLEGENT, BLUESY album of 1966 that  attempts to dissect the gender clash. Go into Pet Sounds, forget anything  you've ever heard from or about the boys, and relax if at all possible(If  you have a pulse and eardrums you may want to keep a box of kleenexes on  hand)
B000002A3T|5.0|This Album is Awesome, It just catches you from the beginning of Cluster  One to the ending track High Hopes, It definately is one of the best all  around albums.  I remember first hearing it before a Moody Blues concert in  1994, and I was amazed at the great music they where playing before the  band went on.  I realized it was the new Pink Floyd Album.  You can let  this album play over and over and you won't get sick of It.  This is one of  the first CD's I ever bought and I played the heck out of it.  I keep going  back to it, and it just ages better with time, just like Dark Side, Wish  You Were Here, Animals and so on.  This is definately in my top 3 for Pink  Floyd.  If you don't got it and your a Floyd fan, what are you doing  reading this?  Got Out and Buy it.  It Rocks!!! Later.
B00000JJQK|5.0|There's not much to be said about this album that hasn't been  said.......people tend to concentrate too much on the fact that this is  basically a Brian Wilson album, but that's not what's important. This album  is truely beautiful in every respect...not to put down the Beatles, but  this is much more beautiful than anything they ever did. Anyone who thinks  the Beatles'lyrics from Revolver or Sgt. Pepper are better than this needs  to shut up.........to me neither are better, just different The obviously  flawless harmonies, spotless instrumentation, and touching lyrics all  convene into making perhaps the most emotionally affecting album ever (Bob  Dylan's  &quot;Blood On The Tracks&quot; comes in second for me).........I  almost break into tears everytime I hear &quot;God Only Knows&quot;---it's  just so amazingly beautiful!!!!!!!!!However, I think my favorite song is  &quot;I Just Wasn't Made For These Times&quot;, because I can relate with  what's being said &amp; it's lyrically such a big change in direction from  anything else they'd ever done. Beatles fans need to stop cursing everyone  else's music so much &amp; see that even they aren't perfect, especially  the lyrics which while good are still light years behind Dylan's. PET  SOUNDS is the EMOTIONAL, BEAUTIFUL album of 1966 (or of all time); the  Beatles REVOLVER is the KALEIDISCOPIC, VARIED, PSYCHADELIC album of 1966;  Bob Dylan's BLONDE ON BLONDE is the INTELLEGENT, BLUESY album of 1966 that  attempts to dissect the gender clash. Go into Pet Sounds, forget anything  you've ever heard from or about the boys, and relax if at all possible(If  you have a pulse and eardrums you may want to keep a box of kleenexes on  hand)
6305897786|5.0|Like  fearless vampire killers,this movie is unique.It's  different,mindbending and delightful.It is slow-paced,but not boring.The  plot: a book connoisseur is hired by an obssessed collector to study one of  his rare books in order to discover whether or not that book was written by  the Devil himself.To do that he has to compare that copy with two other  ones whose owners claim are Satan's  original literary work.You can jump to  whatever conclusion you want about the movie,but you can't say the story is  dull!
6300214354|5.0|Oh My God!  The first time I saw this movie was at about 2.30 in the  morning, and it takes a lot to make you laugh at 2.30 am, but this did the  trick.  It is one of the funniest movies I've ever seen, and I can't go a  week without watching it.  Funny, Excellent, and brilliant, even for the  fiftieth time.  Top 5 funny movies, definitely.
0380730367|5.0|Even though I am an avid reader, I haven't been able to get into a book  recently--until now.  &quot;Prayers for Rain&quot; kept me on the adge of  my seat and left me wanting even more of Patrick Kenzie and Angie Gennaro!   I have been a HUGE Dennis Lehane fan since I &quot;discovered&quot; him  early last year, and this book certainly kept with the Lehane tradition.   Someone please tell me when the next book is coming out!!  Other authors  pale in comparison to this man and his story telling!
6305358613|4.0|This is a brief opinion of the film Elizabeth--you can read detailed  synopsis elsewhere if you're interested.  Cate Blanchett's performance, as  well as the screenwriter's care with her complicated character, are a  marvel to behold.  The film itself is not perfect, but this film is well  worth your time just for this exquisite performance by Ms. Blanchett.  (By  the way, try &quot;Oscar &amp; Lucinda&quot; for another wonderful  performance by Cate.)
B000000WJK|5.0|This IS one of the most amazing musical recordings EVER.  The best of the  Verve is here - guitar and vocal drones bursting with soulful energy,  awesome lyrics ... This is a rock soundtrack for the astral plane.  Every  time I listen to A Storm in Heaven it blows me away.  It takes the intense  dreaminess and collective unconscious power of U2's red LP The  Unforgettable Fire ... ...  paints it blue, and spins it out a hundred  dimensions beyond.  Hardly believable as a &quot;debut&quot; album.   Listen, and you'll listen again, ... and again, and AGAIN ...<br />Stars  whirling deeply in shades of subconscious indigo and blue... the intense  love percolating in A Storm in Heaven showers **TOtal bliss**
B000002BQK|5.0|This albulm is a masterpiece.Her voice is amazing,it flows over tracks  like the infectious Honey and soars like a bird in Butterfly.This album is  lyricly the best I have ever heard.Even without the beautiful music and her  sensous voice you drift and are enveloped in emotions and sensations.This  is a perfect gift to give to someone who loves ballads,hip hop,r&amp;b and  soul.Every track is wonderfully crafted and sung to perfection.This is my  all time fav.I read some reviewers who whined and complained or called her  names.Many I suspect have never even listened to the album,others hate it  because they prefer the pop sounds.No matter your age or Musical preference  there is something for everyone here.this is Carey's best work lyricly and  emotionally to date.
0446608955|4.0|A quiet book for people that have lost a loved one or want to think about  lifes meaning.The book will make you think of how your actions can effect  another persons life.Not an exciting book ,but one you want to finish in  one reading,an inspirational book every one would enjoy. Teenagers that  make a difference in a lot of lives.One [Jamie ]that is about to die and  the friend that helps her continue her work to help others.A good book for  teenagers, parents, and how they handled some of the problems they face  from peer pressure.
0684869713|1.0|This book is the absolute worst piece of rubbish I have read.  Obviously  written by a deranged, hateful, evil person about deranged, hateful, evil  people attempting to convert innocent youth into deranged, hateful, evil  people.  If you simply &quot;have&quot; to read her work, then I strongly  suggest that you first read Jeff Walker's fabulous book entitled, &quot;The  Ayn Rand Cult&quot; which will bring some hope and perspective for you when  you are caught up in the psychotic world of her aweful bizarre drivel.
B000002UAO|5.0|Setting aside the plain fact that this is my favorite Beatles album (I  must have listened to it a hundred times!), I think it is also their best.  My reasons? First of all, this is the first record to step aside from the  all encompassing subject of boy-meets-girl love, producing such classics as  &quot;Nowhere Man&quot; and &quot;The Word&quot; (see title). Second, it  marks the true emergence of George as a songwriter - he hasn't been heard  since With The Beatles and &quot;Don't Bother Me.&quot; His contributions  to this album are &quot;Think For Yourself,&quot; a warning about the  dangers of listening to lies, and &quot;If I Needed Someone,&quot; a  Byrd-esque song. Third, it shows the Beatles, especially John and Paul,  beginning to show their separate identities in their songwriting, with  John's &quot;Nowhere Man,&quot; written during a period of creative block,  and &quot;Girl,&quot; a love song with a bitter twist, and Paul's &quot;You  Won't See Me&quot; and &quot;I'm Looking Through You,&quot; both about his  bumpy relationship with actress Jane Asher.<br />This is definitely a  &quot;must-have&quot; album...never mind what the Philistines down there  said.
B000002UA0|4.0|I should say right off that this is not an album for Floyd beginners.  There is a marked difference in musical styles between guitarist/lyricist  Syd Barrett (who is the representative here) and David Gilmour (who  replaced Syd the next year when Barrett went into LSD-induced psychosis,  and could no longer be counted on to play for, much less LEAD, the band).  Barrett's whimisical style of writing and his frenetic, if at times uneven,  guitar work fit in well with the trippy music of the late 1960's. With him,  the band went even further with their music than even the Beatles thought  of taking it. &quot;Astronomy Domine&quot; kicks things into high gear with  great vocal interplay between Barrett and keyboardist Rick Wright; it  blends in themes of interplanetary bodies with wonderful soloing by Wright  in particular. &quot;Lucifer Sam&quot; refers to Barrett's girlfriend's  mischievous cat, with great scatological lyrics that take the menacing edge  of the music off just slightly. &quot;Pow R Toc H&quot; is taken from a  World War II English battle code, and uses onamatopeia to great extent.  Bassist Roger Waters (who took over creative leadership of the band once  Barrett hit the skids) tries out his lyric-making chops for the first time  with &quot;Take Up Thy Stethoscope and Walk&quot;; musically and lyrically,  it is uninteresting and in no way displays the skill which he would later  show. &quot;Interstellar Overdrive&quot; is an instrumental that begins  with a powerful hook, but soon takes a left turn into psychedlic  strangeness, before fizzling out. &quot;The Gnome&quot; and  &quot;Scarecrow&quot; are lighter in tone and certainly less dramatic; they  could have come from any children's storybook by A.A. Milne. &quot;Chapter  24&quot; comes straight from an Eastern religious tome, the Bhagavad Gita,  which was an inspiration to many a hippie child of the era.  &quot;Bike&quot; is a great singalong that features the crashing drums of  Nick Mason. A bicycle bell can be heard clicking in the background as the  tune ends with a cacophony of wind-up talking toys, sounding like ducks on  acid. The album remains inexplicably fresh after well over thirty years,  displaying the type of production that Pink Floyd would forever be known  for. Sadly, this would be the only PF album to feature Barrett on all of  its tracks. One can only wonder where the Floyd would have ended up had  Barrett survived the excesses of the era. Sadly, we shall never know. So  treasure this fine piece of work from an artist whose talent was never  completely realized...Syd Barrett, the Crazy Diamond in the rough.
B000002OVJ|5.0|Wow!  The WHO were a great live act.  The original release was nearly as  great, but more of a good thing is better.  This is one of my favourite  live albums.  It is one of those perfect moments for the WHO.  Everyone is  giving it their all, and they are all working together.  An interesting  problem which developed in the late sixties and early seventies around a  rock 'n roll band was grounded in the quartet.  Namely, how is the  transition from rhythm to lead accomplished with only one guitarist without  losing momentum?  Various British groups contributed successful answers.  You could add another guitarist (Rolling Stones), but that is hardly  sporting. ;D If your keyboard player was really good, and even better, had  a Lesley Organ, he could take over when the guitar lead came up (Deep  Purple), but that is still cheating as it adds a fifth member.  You could  become god-like, dispense with the singer, have the bass play play guitar  on his bass, and play guitar leads every guitarist for next decade will  imitate WHILE singing (Ginger Baker, Jack Bruce &amp; Eric Clapton of  Cream).  If that is too trifling for you, you could become better than  &quot;god&quot; and do the whole thing yourself (Jimi Hendrix).   Townsend  and crew were good, but history has shown them to be less than god-like.   So, how did the WHO solve this problem on stage.  Aside from SUMMERTIME  BLUES, in which it sounds to me that an additional guitar has been added,  Pete Townsend relied on his mates, John Entwhistle and Keith Moon.  These  two not only allowed Pete, who is one of the best rhythm guitarists of any  era, to accentuate that talent, they expanded the range of their  instruments beyond what was currently conventional.  First, Mr Entwhistle  went far beyond simply accentuating the downbeats.  While Mr Townsend  ripped through power chords, he would fill in the melodic element by  playing lead on his bass.  A good example of this is in YOUNG MAN BLUES.   Second, Mr Moon fillsin any empty spaces by hitting every thing in sight.   MY GENERATION shows him completing phrases which are started by the  stringed instruments.  In essence he acts as a &quot;rhythm  guitarist&quot;.   This dynamic duo, who go beyond any rhythm section that  had ever hit a stadium stage, allowed Mr Townsend the room to do what he  does best: play rhythm guitar.  Well, there is also the jumping and  arm-swinging, but that is tough to hear on a CD. ;D  If you are interested  in hearing how the WHO solved a problem with the Rock 'n Roll Quartet, or  are interested in live performances of the early seventies, this CD will  interest you.
B00000099Y|5.0|This album really helps to show tool has grown as a band over the years  from opiate to Aenima. This album is long, but it worth th listen. The  songs are all great, my favorites include forty six and 2, hooker with a  penis, stinkfest, aenema, eulogy and H. THis albums is great to listen to  because it is good when  band tries to something different lyrically. It's  not everyday that you get to hear a metal band sing about genetic mutations  (46&amp;2) and california breaking of the us (Aenema).
B00000IAU3|5.0|all i can say ... is this is the most beautiful thing i have ever heard  ... her voice ... her lyric's... everything about her ... is amazing...
B000002IZ4|5.0|What this album did what showing up that the stone temple pilots were  starting to grow as a band. They have some hard rock stuff and the acoustic  song kitchenware and candy barsreminicent of core but there are also songs  like pretty penny and interstate love song that are quite different from  core. It helps to foreshadow tiny music and some of the stuff they have  done on NO 4 like sour girl. I recently started listening to this albums  and is seems like it has not lost any of its charm.
0671034065|1.0|I did like this book better than her two previous releases.  I thought Sam  was a great guy and I loved the tension between the two of the characters.   I would have liked to see their relationship explored more.  Even if the  ending was pretty predictable, I liked the premise of the story line. <br />I  am waiting for a good western setting in furture stories, with lots of  loving, caring relationships discovered.<br />Keep up the good work Linda, I  actually enjoy your books over Sandra Browns.
B000000993|5.0|This album is great to listen to. The album contians many of my favorite  songs like sober, prison sex, intolerance, bottom and intolerance. Keenan's  voice brings you into the music and helps to to feel what he is. The  drumming on this album is really good, there is a great deal of variation  in the drumming which not all bands can do. The riffs fit the music really  and compliament Keenan's voice perfectly.
0316777722|5.0|i started listening to sedaris on NPR and have followed his publishing  career with glee, from BARREL FEVER to NAKED and then HOLIDAY ON ICE.  he  has done it again with this book -- I especially relished the second half  of the book, but the entire work resonates with his rapier wit and unque  styling.  for another even more raucous read, try SELLEVISION by augusten  burroughs....
B0000028RR|5.0|I remember first hearing thi sband in 93 and thinking how I had never  really heard anything like them before and how rare such a liberal stance  is to take in music. From start to finish, this album moves quickly and  keeps the adrenaline pumping. It is probably the best rap/metal combination  that I have ever heard, better then limp bizkit and Kid rock. It seems that  helped start to whold rap metal movement with album helping the public and  music industry to accept acts like korn, papa roach and pod. The aggressive  nature of the album keeps you wanting more. Songs like bombtrack, know your  enemy and freedom help to showcase the band's writing potential. This album  is a true rarity, an album that does not have any boring or repetive parts  to it and all the songs would make great singles that fit toghether to make  a great album.
B00002MZ2C|1.0|this band sucks! this album is NOT a good investment all the songs are  hypocritacryies. they claim they hate someone &quot;greedy&quot; yet they  sold out and then they charge fans $61 just to see them in concert. who the  one who's REALLY greedy here? rage that's who! this band was NEVER good and  this album proves it. all the songs are showing what hypocrites this losers  really are. also if you live in a black and white world and like to point  fingers at everyone you &quot;think&quot; is &quot;wrong&quot; pick this  trash up! the guitar work and drumming is the same in ALL the songs! a MUST  avoid if you have OMG! ACTUALLY TASTE in music and you hate this group. i  can't wait till they are on &quot;where are they now?&quot;
B00000272N|4.0|This helps to define 90s rock. This album sounds great even after a decade  now. Listen to songs like man in the box, sea of sorrow and i know  something about you. They are really stand out from the garbage on the  radio today like eve 6, matchbox 20, and the goo goo dolls. This album will  still sound good when those bands go off the air.
0553108034|3.0|What follows is a reworking from my letter to the author:<br />----<br />What I  have appreciated most is the narrative style -- he has a great sense of  flow within a chapter and knows how to finish the chapter well.  What  immediately springs to mind is the Bran chapter (I think from the first  book) which ends with Bran's thought that he would never fly or run or be a  knight.<br />Also enjoyable was how Martin reveals the story through  alternating Points of View.  For example, in aCoK Sandor Clegane explains  to Sansa how the Clegane banner came to be.  In the very next chapter we  watch Arya and the others come up on Gregor Clegane's camp, and they see  the banner, but do not know whose it is (maybe if Arya had paid more  attention to Septa Mordane she would have known).  But we (the readers)  know, and we want to scream, Run Away!  I love it -- classic suspense  technique.<br />Another extremely enjoyable aspect of these first two books of  &quot;A Song of Ice and Fire&quot; has been the very dramatic trajectory of  the characters.  They don't go through the cliched trials and journeys of  the fantasy hero, but rather cope with disadvantages, struggle against  manipulation, and undergo tramautic events.  They are not fully in control  of their own destiny; rather, they in turns, act and are acted upon, make  decisions and have decisions made for them, sometimes choosing their path  but at other times getting swept up in the ramifications of other's  choices.  Through it all, their essential character shines brightly.  Henry  James once said something to the effect of plot was the intersection of  character.  &quot;A Song of Ice and Fire&quot; remains true to this.  Visions, irony, and tragedy punctuate their stories.<br />This second book in  the series has a great character trajectory -- Theon.  He's reprehensible,  but his story, well, Theon's storyline in the second book conjurs up two  phrases for me: lex talionis and 'poetic justice'.  Theon commits dastardly  deeds in aCoK.  But how to repay him?  Martin takes a route that is  unexpected, yet completely consistent and believable: someone else becomes  the instrument of justice -- what Theon has done to others is now done to  him.  And by not giving him a POV in the next book, the reader feels a  sense of closure in what has happened to Theon, at least for a while.<br />I  do have two real beefs: the graphic sex and the vulgar language.  I realize  that sometimes it is important to describe the general tone or relevant  facts about a particular sexual encounter, or both.  However, it is not  necessary to be quite as graphic as the narration sometimes is.  There are  ways to be direct without being vague.  For example, the narrative of the  Hebrew Bible is quite unashamedly direct and gives us the relevant facts or  general tone about the encounters between Onan and Tamar, the Benjamites  and the concubine, Hannah and Elkanah, David and Bathsheba, and Amnon and  Tamar without being more graphically descriptive than is necessary.  Part  of that is the terse style, I'll admit, but nevertheless, the description  remains discreet.  I realize that most of the details he includes are not  gratuitous, and I appreciate that.  Yet ofttimes it is &quot;too much  information&quot;.<br />Regarding the language, there is not much I can say,  except that so much of it seems unnecessary and base.  I really shuddered  at 'hearing' one criminal character's abominable threats, when the author  could have told me of it from the narrator's viewpoint, understanding that  my imagination would comprehend: &quot;Rorge made a crude and violent  threat to her.&quot;  Plus, why does there seem to be more of both in the  second book than the first?  Ah well, I have found a permanent marker that  is dark and does not soak through to the other side of the page, but it  saddens me to use it.  I would not have finished the second book, but a  friend who had already read it 'censored' the rest forme.  After finishing  the first book, I had recommended the book to him -- but I have not  recommended the series since.<br />Martin spins a spellbinding narrative -- he  shows much economy and yet still develops the plot and characters fully.  His world is fantastic; yet his human characters are true to form (hence  matters of love and war tend to be realistic).  The combination is  compelling for the fan of the genre.  On my scale, he's in fifth place,  behind Tolkien, C. S. Lewis, Robert Jordan, and Tad Williams.me.  After finishing  the first book, I had recommended the book to him -- but I have not  recommended the series since.<br />Martin spins a spellbinding narrative -- he  shows much economy and yet still develops the plot and characters fully.   His world is fantastic; yet his human characters are true to form (hence  matters of love and war tend to be realistic).  The combination is  compelling for the fan of the genre.  On my scale, he's in fifth place,  behind Tolkien, C. S. Lewis, Robert Jordan, and Tad Williams.
B000002H33|5.0|The 80s were definately the best time for Metallica. They grew in this  period and reached their peak with the albums ride the lighting, master of  puppets and justice for all. After listening to this albums for years, it  still does not seem to get old or repetitive. The pure force of songs like  battery, master of puppets and leper messiah is brilliant. Orion is a great  instrumental that helps to showcase metallica's playing skills. Sanitarium  and the thing that should not be are well done also. This whole album keeps  a certain fell to it through out, one that allows you to keep the whole  album memorized in your head so you know when every note and lyric come in.
0140185232|5.0|In 'The Summing Up' (1938), William Somerset Maugham said: \\"In my twenties  the critics said I was brutal, in my thirties they said I was flippant, in  my forties they said I was cynical, in my fifties they said I was  competent, and now in my sixties they say I am superficial.\\" Within six  years of writing this, Maugham gifted the world one of his finest works  'The Razor's Edge', a novel centering around the life of Larry Darrel, a  confused youth, who in the search of the very soul of truth which is lost  in a maze of contrapuntal themes, comes to India where the meaning of  genuine existence enters his being. <br />Larry, who served as a US Airforce  pilot in World War I by bluffing his age, was exposed to the horrific  finality and coldness of death when his closest friend was shot down before  his eyes. Subsequently, he is unable to adjust himself to normal life  knowing that the ultimate end is Death. In order to seek the answers to his  questions on life and God, he forfeits his marriage and surrenders himself  to a life of studying and learning. <br />Intermingled with the adventures of  Larry, are numerous characters including Isabel, Larry's ex-fiance, whose  choice between passion and wealth has lifelong repercussions and her uncle,  Elliot Templeton, a classic American snob who is yet much more. From the  fashionable hotels to the disreputable quarters, Maugham takes us on a  guided tour of early twentieth-century Paris as only he can.<br />The chapter  on India and religion is particularly interesting and reveals Maugham's  inner self as no other book has. Although 'Of Human Bondage' is considered  to be the most autobiographical of his works, I believe  that Maugham is  the Larry Darrel of The Razor's Edge, the eternal seeker of truth.
B0000028M7|5.0|I did not get into alice in chains when they made their mark in music with  facelift and dirt, my friends began to play me their music after they had  become big. Listening from their music, it helps to show why they were so  successful. The whole album sound great. It's nice to have that mix of hard  fast stuff like them bones and would? with the more slow songs like rooster  and down in a whole. It helps to foreshadow their work for jar of flies  which they depart from the hard rock beginings but still sound great.
B00000JCOV|5.0|This group really isn't an ICP or something just cuz of the rubber masks  and ICP's make-up, this band is not rap but is harcore metal with all of  the members fully tact with some talent. Even though you may say you could  do that good in a group of 9, these 9 rubber-masked figgures do have  talent. The three percusionists have a lot of talent, as everyone says, but  those three are probably the least talented. They could do with one  drummer. yet, they don't have any other extra musicians in the band. And I  think it does take talent for #8 to sing in a rubber mask. Or for all  members in that matter. I'll bet you that you can't find dudes half as good  as these guys in rubber masks. Wouldn't it be hard to see, and play. But  anyways, for the enjoyablility of the CD, yes it is all good stuff that can  be enjoyed with a unique sound that actually takes a brain to make this  music.
6304602979|5.0|The first time I saw this movie I thought it had everything you need for a  great movie, but I really didn't appreciate its brilliance.  This is a  movie just gets better and better and better... every time you see it.  It  includes a cast so strong that it could never be assembled today. This was  made just before Brad Pitt, Samuel Jackson, and Val Kilmer's careers took  off- all of whom play small but exceptional roles.  Patricia Arquette, who  is at her prime, makes it possible to fall in love with a call girl.  Plus  Dennis Hopper and Christfer Walken have one the greatest scenes ever  filmed.  However I don't recommend it the racially sensitive or those who  strive for political correctness.  This movie shows what happens to  Clarence Whorly (Christian Slayter), a man content with life, who discovers  true love.  I give this movie my highest recommendations and it should come  standard with the purchase of every VCR or DVD player.  Also, the  Director's Cut adds little lines and slightly changes the ending, improving  and already great movie.
B00003CWL6|5.0|You may have read my previous review, I forgot what I titled it, but I have decided that I can say what I wanted a little better no because I just  finished watching this film 15 minutes ago!  American Beauty is about a man  who has family problems and a big mid life crisis. This man, Lester, has a  wife and daughter that despise him, and his daughter has a friend, 17 year  old too, that Lester starts to have sexual fantasies about.  Lester's life  is so terrible that he starts getting nastalgia from when he was a  teenager, so he starts to become a teenager again.  I'm talking from  working at McDonalds to smoking marijuana, and he did both of those things  and more.   On the other hand, Lester's daughter, Jane, fell in love with  her neighbor, Ricky, and Ricky is abused and quite eccentric.  Well  obviously this family is a real mess!  Lester's wife hasn't sold a house in  a long time, Lester is in a mid life crisis, and Jane is a mis fit with one  friend and that friend is in sexual fantasies of Jane's father!  I won't  spoil anything for you, and if you want to know what happens then see the  movie! You'll love it just as much as I do, if your nowmal.  I hope this  helped.<br />                                        Wyatt's 2nd review...
B00003Q43A|1.0|Perhaps I went in with the wrong expectations, but I was left wondering  &quot;how could this have made more money than 'Blade Runner,' '2001,' or  just about any classic sci-fi or any movie?&quot;  I read a review  comparing it with 'Stars Wars?'  Please don't put this movie up to that  standard or you'll end up sad.  With Randy Quaid as the white trail-trash  who becomes the leader of the US air force, Bill Pullman (better known as  Lone Star from Spaceballs) as the president, some long haired hippie as the  US top scientist, Will Smith as hero who bravely eludes an Alien by  outmaneuvering a technologically superior spacecraft with a jet then  punches him out, and I wont begin with Tommy Lee Jones or the guy with the  crackly voice, with all of this cartoonish crap, I don't know how anyone  can actually take this movie seriously.  The plot and dialog are complete  waste of amazing special effects that should have been used toward a movie  with scarier Aliens and more sincere characters.   I give it 1 star on  special effects alone.  Unless you're a special effects technician, one  time viewing this movie is one time too many.
B00003CXDG|4.0|Tom Cruise was absolutely astonishing in this performance.This action packed joy ride will have you at the end of your seat and leaving the  theater quenching for more action.John Woo's directing is absolutely  riveting catching every punch and kick with grace. A must see.
080010367X|1.0|This movie is god awful. Will Smith should stick to what works for him,  action movies with comedy in them (ex: Bad Boys), because he was garbage  and so was Mr. Jones. He proved he cant do just regular comedic movies in  MIB, and also that Wild Wild West. Buyer beware, this movie isnt even worth  a dollar.
B0000021RD|4.0|not as good as the first album, but still a good one. the roots of peter  cetera's   subsequent sappiness can be first seen on tripe like the road;  though i must say that where do we go from here is a pleasant  little ditty  with simple yet effective lyrics. the influence of the beatles should be  commented on and i'm surprized that  more people don't notice this about  chicago. the 1st lp had an i am the walrus quote on south california  purples, what else can i say and at the sunrise from the 3rd lp also show  this potent influence. here it is the suite on side 2 and fancy colors that  most prominently display 'beatleisms. in the country shows terry kath's  great guitar work and some fine harmony singing. 25 or 6 to 4 is 1 of those  rare overplayed hits that are hard to get sick of. i could do without the  aforementioned the road ,poem for the people is flat ,and  the orchestrated  suite written by kath is pretty dull too, but overall its a more consistent  album than the spotty if at times great third album if not at the level of  their debut which was 1 of the better ones of the era. of course the  &quot;dedicate ourselves to the revolution in all of its forms&quot; lines  didn't become true -but i hardly find the  band's politics of the era  as  silly as one reviewer suggested in reviewing another of their  albums..though i have to admit they are hardly anyone's idea of  revolutionary music today!
0201633612|5.0|I'm not a big fan of object oriented programming but i really enjoyed this  book.<br />It is very concise and since it presents examples it is trully  exceptional!<br />Read it man!
0060930349|1.0|This is Johnson's worst book, and one of the worse history books I ever  read. The title is misleading, don't expect &quot;A History of the American  People&quot;, theres is very little &quot;people&quot; in it, only a series  of small biographies of U.S. Presidents. You will learn all the votes in  every election since Washington, but you will not see anything about what  the American People did in these 500 years on Arts, Philosophy, Political  Science, Architecture, Music, Urbanism. You will not hear about Science,  Nobel Prizes, AT&amp;T, GE, General Motors, Microsoft, Coca Cola,  Advertising, Marketing, Ideas, Idealism, the Mafia, crime, violence, etc.  He concentrates on details about the Presidents, that's all, does'nt even  make an analysis of the major currents of thought in these centuries that  made these men reach the Presidency. Don't buy this book, you will be  mislead by the dishonest title.Publishers and the author should be more  open to the public and call this book &quot; A History of U.S.  Presidents&quot;. Even then, you are better served reading &quot;To the  Best of My Ability&quot; by James M. McPherson(Editor), David Rubel  (Editor). If you want to taste what great history-telling is, try Will  Durant's The Story of Civilization
038533348X|5.0|I'm not going to write a lengthy review, but I must say that this book,  among other Vonnegut writings, has changed my way of thought. He's the  cynic with a heart indeed and with a type of humor that will  &quot;blow&quot; your mind.  I highly recommend this book if you want to  have a new perspective on life.
B00004U8H4|3.0|to truly like this film, one has to understand it...this is not a horror  film, nor is it trying to be...as people who have seen it can tell you, the  film itself is not gory and there are few on screen deaths...this is just a  black comedy, a satire if u must, of one of the most hectic decades, the  80's...it takes things to the extreme, but thats just the fun of the film,  it's supposed to make you laugh, no matter how guilty you feel about  it...while no where near as fascinating or gory as the book, this film does  do it justice in my opinion...it stayed as true to the book as it could  without causing more unneeded controversy, the material is controversial  after all...this is not for all tastes and many people will dislike this  movie, and those are the people who will not understand it or did not get  it for what it was, a black satire...the previews did deceive and turned  this out to look like a slasher flick...that it is not...is it enjoyable?  Yes... will everyone like it? no...do i recommend it? Definitely...
0517543052|5.0|I could feel the love radiating from this book.  That is how powerful it  was for me.  Right from the first chapter I was captivated by the fact that  the author would be a harvard university prof. and still even more amazed  at the great adventure he went through.  As I have had many psychodelic  experiences myself, I found that I came to the same conclusion as he did  about the universe being made up of yin yang , two opposing and paradoxial  forces which make one, but I never could quite grasp it in the way that he  has.  This book is a definate must read for anyone who is somewhat open  minded. Or any fellow former/continuing acid tripper.
067088278X|5.0|A beautifully illustrated board book that combines story and hidden pictures.  Each hidden picture ties into the next page.  The illustrations  and the story  are charming and this is a book you will love to read to  someone over and over.
6305508550|5.0|Office Space is a true to life comedy.  I love Peter's idea to do nothing if he had a million dollars.  I've watched that movie everyay for the past week, and still laugh my ass off.  The funniest part  is when Michale Bolton is rapping to the song in his car.  Herman does a  magnificent job playing Bolton, who in reality is a loser, but tries to act  cool by cursing and beating up machines.  His lines are well placed and  couldn't coe at a better time.  His subtleness sells the character well.   Watch this movie if u wan to hav a laugh.
B00003CXCS|3.0|The Sound of Music (TSOM) WAS a very good movie. But TSOM on DVD is not  good thing. Because its &quot;picture quality&quot; is not good. It is  worse than the same title on LD. I'm very disappointed.
B000002MQ9|5.0|Let the fans argue which DCD album is &quot;the best.&quot;  Within the  Realm of a Dying Sun shines darkly even for the tanned, pastel-wearing,  gothless music lover.  The musical arrangements push and pull the listener  as thoroughly as the greatest film music while Perry and Gerrard's vocals  capture emotions that peer over the brink of madness and despair.  Though  the song titles and lyrics (&quot;Dawn of the Iconoclast,&quot; e.g.) might  strike hipsters as pretentious, the writers are no shoegazing highschool  kids; DCD prove that adults can sing about complex feelings without  winking.
0440180295|2.0|This book was required reading for my teen.  Although the book may have literary merit I found references to bestiality, torture and gore  inappropriate for a required book.
B000002JSJ|5.0|This is my personal favorite Zeppelin record with every song a  mini-masterpiece.  This stands as one of only three mandatory records as a  `must have' in anyone's collection (the other two being LZIII and HOH).   Although some will disagree (this is what makes the world of music such a  wonderful place), I will stand strong by that.<br />When Zeppelin had  approached this record, thier \\"classic\\" material had been recorded.  The  band was never one to rest on their laurels, and I feel reached out on  Presence into creative territory that was previously uncharted by the  quartet.  The personal tragedies surrounding the recording are well  documented and felt in Plant's vocal performance.  Page's compositions are  experimental - even for this experimental guitar hero - but complete and  original.  Bonzo turns in one of his most powerfully rewarding  accomplishments, highlighting his technique, touch, timing, and sheer  volume.  Jones' playing is possessed and provides a thorough backbone to  the entire record.  Presence reproduces the feel of Zeppelin on stage;  therefore, I would submit to you that the limited time in the studio was a  benefit - because the songs feel raw and fresh, not overworked and  over-produced.<br />Zeppelin continually reinvented themselves for each record  and were never timid about expanding into new territory.  This represents  the raw, unbridled power that Zeppelin possessed - and stands defiantly  against critics and peers as a cornerstone of their imagination.  The fact  that many people do not \\"get it\\" only goes to show that this was a band  with a wide scope of genius.
6304025831|5.0|if your into the mob then this is the movie for you. there is a lot of  violence but that is the true reality of the mob.  De Niro &amp; stone had  fantastic portrails of there roles as the a casino  manager and  a hustler.  joe pecei did a great portrail of a made gangster, but the profhanity was a  little too much. A MUST SEE!!!! for all mob lovers
B00003CXCS|5.0|What a nice job Fox has done with it's DVD release of THE SOUND OF MUSIC.  There are enough extras to keep you busy for days and the film looks and  sounds great. I also enjoy being able to switch over to the commentary  track to hear director Robert Wise's thoughts, and to hear the music  performed without vocals or foley tracks.
0153002832|5.0|My son's kindergarten teacher read this book to her class last year over  and over.  The children loved it so much, they constantly requested it for  storytime.  They had the book memorized by the fifth reading.  During our  &quot;Parents Program&quot;, they recited the whole book, word for word!  I  just love the rhythym of the book, and the lush, colorful pictures.  I  would highly recommend this book for any child ages two through seven.
0790749815|5.0|NORTH BY NORTHWEST is about the best film Alfred Hitchcock ever made. This  DVD presents the film in it's best quality yet. The original master  recordings of the score were recorded in stereo and have been mixed nicely  along with the foley tracks to create the first true stereo version of this  film. The picture is sharp and clean and is formatted correctly. A huge  improvement of the previous widescreen laserdisc release. This time the  ratio is correct in all scenes. In the former it would vary from scene to  scene. Try watching the two versions in sync side by side and you'll be  appalled at the differences.Only the documentary is a let down, as it is  little more than a highly brief run down of the order of events of making  the film with little meat.On the plus side, there is an isolated music  track in which all foley and dialogue is eliminated and you can enjoy the  great Bernard Herrmann score. It becomes a silent movie of sorts.
B00004T8RK|5.0|6 albums, 6 different journeys through sound and melodies that no other  band has ever treaded on before. Binaural is another masterpiece, though  softer then all there previous efforts and a bit similar to the Yield sound  (usually PJ changes alot more in sound btwn albums but hey Yield rocked so  who cares?) In short Pearl Jam is NOT and has NEVER BEEN Grunge. Bush is  grunge ppl good grief. They have no cateogory and thats what makes them so  timeless. They surpass any fads, and never sell out. They even contain a  rage-against-the-machine-ish contempt for society which gives the band an  even stronger image to us fans. Keep on Rockin Pearl Jam! When were all  old, they will STILL be around just like the Rolling Stones. Legends in the  Making. Its nice to see we have a band like this in our generation.
630264366X|5.0|You'd never think an action movie could star a priest, but Gregory Peck  pulls it off in rare style. He plays Father O'Flaherty, a boxing, snipping  Irish priest living in Rome at the height of the Nazi occupation. Father  O'Flaherty's job? Aside from usual priestly duties, he hides Jews in the  households of his friends and allies.<br />But clearly the Nazis aren't going  to stand still while O'Flaherty does this. And so the Nazi commandant,  Christopher Plummer's Herbert Kapplar, a cold and ruthless man whose  reputation is rapidly going down the drain from his exalted position as he  tries to capture O'Flaherty.<br />But don't think this is a bloodless drama  movie: There are comic moments as O'Flaherty sneaks out of the Vatican in  various disguises; a tense scene where guns fire at him as he hurdles back  into the Vatican disguised as a Nazi officer; and at the end there's a  beautiful scene for those of you who like love-filled, happy endings. Even  though there is a number of mentions of Catholiscism and God, I believe  this is a drama/war movie at its core, not a religious one.<br />This is a  moving story about oppression and redemption. Even though you'll hate  Kapplar for his Nazi position, he's not a cookie-cutter villain: We can see  how he loves his wife and children. And O'Flaherty is no goody-goody  priest: we see him lose his temper, as well as refuse a plea for help  (although he later does it anyway). The characters are solidly  human.<br />Olga Karlatos is excellent as a widow from Malta who is sort of  O'Flaherty's sidekick. And Sir John Gielgud has a relatively brief but very  important role as Pius XII, a man who has to walk a hideous  tightrope--giving O'Flaherty leave to hide as many Jews as possible, while  concealing this from the Nazis, who would overrun the Vatican if they found  out. (Bravo, Pius XII)<br />A warning: Though this film is &quot;Not  Rated&quot; it's not a kiddie flick. People are shot violently, Nazis  attempt to stab O'Flaherty at one point, Nazis overrun people's homes and  hunt Jews down, a priest is beaten to death and eventually dies, and there  are some disturbing close-ups of bruised faces and a darning needle stuck  into a person's hand. Only show this to small children if you're certain  they can handle the tense situations.laherty at one point, Nazis overrun people's homes and  hunt Jews down, a priest is beaten to death and eventually dies, and there  are some disturbing close-ups of bruised faces and a darning needle stuck  into a person's hand. Only show this to small children if you're certain  they can handle the tense situations.
0140149295|1.0|I saw the movie and the facts here are even more distorted than the movie.  Frankly I couldn't read all of this, but wanted to compare the two so I  skimmed some of it. I read extensively in the news accounts from both sides  of this story and there is very compelling evidence that he did commit  murder, there is a lot of made up stuff in this book as there was in the  movie. Things are bad enough without a lot of lying like this to exaggerate  it. This is a violent guy and the book at least does nothing to dispute  that much. In an odd way it is a good read because it is so intense, but a  lot of it is fantasy.
B000002V1D|5.0|It is so sad that Duran Duran is being overlooked by popular culture.  Any  mention of their name brings to mind the flash-in-the-pan excesses of their  early 80's singles and video hits.  But Duran Duran has moved on to far  greater territory than teeny-bop sensationalism, as evidenced by their  three releases in the 90's.  This, Duran Duran 2, or &quot;The Wedding  Album&quot; as it has been dubbed, is their finest moment.  Combining lush  melodies with shimmery guitars, low-key synths, and thumping rhythms,  &quot;The Wedding Album&quot; is a testament to pop music.  A statement of  intelligence, depth, and beauty.  Just listen to the four hit singles from  this album to get a feel for just how much this band had grown since the  early 80's.  There has not been a ballad released within the last 7 years  that comes close to surpassing the fragile beauty of &quot;Ordinary  World.&quot;  The guitar lick and steady beat of &quot;Come Undone&quot;  perfectly accentuate LeBon's seductive lyric and melody... one of the  moodiest songs to hit radio in years.  &quot;Too Much Information&quot; is  an engaging socio-political statement wrapped in pop music that seems to be  the new Duran flag waving anthem (they have held true to the sentiments  expressed in this song ever since - destroyed by MTV indeed)... it opens  the album with a funkiness and swagger rarely seen in the band before or  since.  And finally, &quot;UMF&quot; comes in with a sexy yelp and stutter  from LeBon and a slinkier-than-slinky bass and guitar riff courtesy of  Warren Cucurrillo and John Taylor.  This is just the surface.  Peer farther  into the album to peel away the layers of song... the world-influenced  beauty of &quot;Breath After Breath.&quot;  The self-affirming upbeat charm  of &quot;None Of The Above.&quot;  The mysteriously haunting &quot;Love  Voodoo.&quot;  In all the years I have owned &quot;The Wedding Album,&quot;  it has never failed to be a continuing source of musical entertainment.   This is the finest album &quot;Duran Duran&quot; has ever produced.  And  that is saying quite a bit, given classics like &quot;Rio&quot; and  &quot;Seven and The Ragged Tiger&quot; and overlooked gems such as  &quot;Medazzland&quot; and this year's own wonderful &quot;Pop Trash.&quot;   Duran Duran may be overlooked within the overall scheme of music, but with  &quot;The Wedding Album&quot; they have indelibly left the world a perfect  testament as to the value of their career.
B00000K2SC|5.0|This is a truly great film. The premise is fascinating, the groundbreaking  effects and the cast superb, the script full of poetic ideas that spark the  imagination...but it all rests on Keanu Reeves. He IS Neo. No other actor  could have done this...the innocence/wisdom, the physical grace. Like a  god/prince in the quest for truth, the part fits him like a velvet glove  and he makes the most of it.<br />It's a film that must be seen several  times...it can't be absorbed in one or two viewings. This is easily the  best sci-fi adventure I've ever seen, and Keanu is magnificent. Who could  ask for anything more !
6303168507|5.0|Probably one of the most disturbing films of the last century, Schindler's  List is a triumph of cinematography.  It takes you into the world of  Naziism at its  horrible height. You'll see in graphic detail, the  atrocities inflicted on the Jewish people during Adolf Hitler's reign of  terror. You'll understand why Naziism is so hated by most of the world  today and you'll wonder at how cruel man can be towards another human  being. Some could look at this movie in disbelief and say to themselves  &quot;this is hogwash, no human being could do such a thing to another  person. No one is that cruel&quot;. But, oh my friend, let me assure you  that such evils did occur on the Jewish people as well as on millions of  other people who the Nazi's considered enemies of the Third Reich. Our own  government has photographic proof of the atrocities of World War II, as  well as first hand accounts by the millions of soldiers who charged into  Nazi concentration camps and forever had their lives changed by what they  saw. A good friend of mine who served in World War II, witnessed the  horrors of a concentration camp when he and his comrades went in to free  its prisoners. He died an alcoholic, and the reason why he became one was  because of everything he had experienced while at the camp. His eyes took  in the sight of bodies in mass graves, he smelled the stench of rotting  corpses of men women and children. He told me that when he first arrived at  the camp, he waded through blood up to his ankles. He also told me he never  got over what he saw, and that many a nightmare have plagued his sleep. He  was your typical &quot;Joe&quot;, just a regular soldier from a small town  in North Carolina, a normal red blooded American, but one scarred for life  by the morbid reality of war, and the inhumanity  caused by the Nazi Party.   I don't find the scenes of terror portrayed in the movie, hard to believe.  Just pick up the morning paper or watch the evening news and you can see  for yourself how evil mankind can really be. The movie is about a  industrialist named Oskar Schindler, who employed Jews to help them escape  the horrors of the concentration camp, even going so far as to create new  jobs for them at his factory. The courage he had and the intelligence he  possessed is inspiring. With great risk to his own safety, Oskar Schindler  helped over 1000 Jews escape the grasp of a Nazi regime. This movie is not  recommended for those with weak stomachs or for viewers under age 13, as it  contains graphic violence and nudity. But I do highly recommend it to  anyone interested in studying the plight of Jews in World War II or who are  wanting to study the history of Nazi  Germany or for anyone who seeks  supreme inspiration.
0425129616|5.0|What can I say? Agatha Christie's first book is also one of her best  (although she has done better). She has no holds barred when she twists the  plot unmercifully so much that the truth behind the murder isn't apparent  until the end. And all her twists are nicely put together and  explained.<br />A word of advice: take the first few chapters in slowly -  Christie crams all her characters into these few chapters and if you don't  pay attention you'll be totally lost.
B000002JSP|5.0|This is Led Zeppelin's swan song at it's best.There is proof in every song  on this Cd. Sometimes a true LZ fan can't help but listen to every last one  of these songs over and over again. Fool in the rain is a true classic.  Then there is the incredibly long Carouselambra, A song meant for  headbanging ears. When I hear the song Hot Dog, it reminds me of being in  the House of Blues with a drink in my hand and singing the words to this  rock-n-blues number. Robert Plant doesn't do that much screaming on this  album as on earlier classic zeppelin songs, but he showcases a lot of  emotion on my persoal favorite All my love. Led zeppelin isn't around any  more but they will always exist in the music world no matter what. This is  by far one of the best innovative rock albums and if anybody doesen't think  so, go back under your rock!
B00004W50T|5.0|It's difficult to avoid hyberbole when describing &quot;Music From Big  Pink.&quot;  It would be pointless-though probabaly true-to claim that  &quot;Big Pink&quot; is the finest rock album recorded in the nineteen  sixties.  Suffice to say that it is not only great, but timeless.  Many  other rock miletones from the same era seem, if not neccessarily dated,  then forever tied to the zeitgeist amidst which they were created.   &quot;Big Pink&quot; seems as if it could have been recorded last week or,  for that matter, a hundred years ago-had electric instruments and reliable  phonographic equipment been around then.  This timelessness also  characterizes the Band's wonderful eponymous second album.  However, while  &quot;The Brown Album&quot; is usually considered the Band's definitive  effort, &quot;Big Pink&quot; stands as their finest work.  Though the  instrumental and vocal arrangements on the the second release are arguably  superior, &quot;Big Pink&quot; boasts a significant songwriting  contribution from Richard Manuel.  &quot;Lonesome Suzie,&quot; &quot;In a  Station,&quot; and(co-written with Bob Dylan)&quot;Tears of Grief,&quot;  are songs of absolute directness and clarity which perfectly balance the  more cryptic Robbie Robertson compositions.  This contrast of songwriting  perspectives serves to enhance the fraternal ethos that charaterizes the  music of &quot;Big Pink&quot; and the best of the Band's subsequent work.   Danko, Helm, Hudson, Manuel, and Robertson created in &quot;Music From Big  Pink&quot; a record that has transcended themselves and their time.
B000002JSP|5.0|This is Led Zeppelin's swan song at it's best.There is proof in every song  on this Cd. Sometimes a true LZ fan can't help but listen to every last one  of these songs over and over again. Fool in the rain is a true classic.  Then there is the incredibly long Carouselambra, A song meant for  headbanging ears. When I hear the song Hot Dog, it reminds me of being in  the House of Blues with a drink in my hand and singing the words to this  rock-n-blues number. Robert Plant doesn't do that much screaming on this  album as on earlier classic zeppelin songs, but he showcases a lot of  emotion on my persoal favorite All my love. Led zeppelin isn't around any  more but they will always exist in the music world no matter what. This is  by far one of the best innovative rock albums and if anybody doesen't think  so, go back under your rock!
0894803123|5.0|This is a terrific book, and it solved my perpetual problem of what to give people I know well enough to go to their wedding but not well enough to drop $800 on a wedding present. The recipes in this book make great ice cream. Toss in a decent ice cream maker, and you have a present that no one else will think of, that the receipients will appreciate, and one that they will use over time. (For what it's worth, I usually give the Donvier hand-turned machine because it makes dense, smooth ice cream that reminds me of gelato.)<br />Anyway, about the book and what makes it so great: Ben and Jerry tell you how to make their most popular ice creams, and a bunch that I never saw before. They provide multiple recipes for chocolate ice cream, and write clearly about how they are different. A friend of mine once made all the choclate ice creams and had a tasting party. It was interesting to see how different they really were. (And this book taught me the secret to great chocolate ice cream taste: a pinch of salt--really!)<br />If you are worried about using eggs, you will want to use a pasteurized egg product in place of the raw eggs. Other than that, this is a terrific book. Lots of good ideas, excellent recipes, and enough discussion about how to create new flavours to encourage even the most reluctant recipe-inventor to go hog wild. <br />I wish there were a sequel.
B00003CXCS|5.0|Although this picture has had numerous home video releases over the years  from tape to laserdisc, this new DVD version is easily the best to date,  offering a crisp, clear, pristine wide screen transfer that looks like it  was filmed only hours ago, along with an excellent surround sound mix that  is far superior to any previous release, 70mm six track theatrical prints  included. The supplemental disc offers documentaries and enough extras to  satisfy any Sound of Music junkie. <br />The feature disc offers an audio  commentary by director Robert Wise that is quite interesting and  informative, but repeats much of the same information included in the  documentary. Parts of it seem a bit rushed, perhaps because he doesn't  speak over any of the musical sequences, which are presented without vocals  to highlight the orchestral arrangements and allow one the opportunity to  sing along. Wise points out where songs that were deleted or moved would  have gone as compared to the original stage show, and one can see how such  changes made the film adaptation superior. He also explains the technical  aspects of shooting on location and how location shots were seamlessly  matched with footage shot back in L.A. on stages. There were also a couple  of scenes that were shot but later cut--it makes you wish they had included  these outtakes on the supplemental disc of extras. There are some gaps in  the commentary where only the movie plays--leaving you a bit hungry for  more interesting anecdotes from Mr. Wise, but after over 35 years I guess  his memory is as good as can be expected. <br />The French audio track is  fun--How strange to hear the familiar songs in French--not an easy task to  translate a song like Do Re Mi which seems it wouldn't make sense in any  language other than English. They did an excellent dubbing job--the voices  are quite similar to the original actors' voices, and the woman dubbing for  Julie Andrews holds her own. <br />The 35 minute audio spot byscreenwriter  Ernest Lehman is extremely interesting, giving you a taste of what went on  behind the scenes in the development of the production, from William  Wyler's indifference to the film he agreed to direct despite hating the  Broadway show, and prospective director Gene Kelly kicking Mr. Lehman out  of his house and telling him to &quot;shove&quot; his screenplay. <br />Actor  Dan Truhitte also provides an &quot;audio telegram&quot; detailing his  experience winning the part of Rolf and some personal anecdotes. But all we  hear is his voice--a still picture of his present-day self would have been  a nice touch. <br />We also get some sound bytes of old radio interviews that  are typical PR fluff but still an interesting time capsule. The video of  theatrical trailers and TV spots is interesting but repetitive. They are  almost all the same, with only subtle changes. For those interested in the  location there is even a brief but detailed written history of Salzburg.  <br />All in all, this has to rate as one of the best and most complete DVDs  ever released (despite those missing outtakes!) Fox did a terrific job, and  should be commended for NOT offering the inferior pan and scan version of  the picture usually shown on TV. This is one of those wide screen  masterpieces that lose a lot when the original aspect ratio is altered. A  must for all film collectors and Sound of Music fanatics alike.
B00003CWTI|2.0|It ain't Short Cuts, but it tries real hard to be. Hey PTA, who you gonna  rip-off for your next film? Kubrick? Hitchcock? You already tried (and  failed) to mimic Robert Altman and Martin Scorcese. Try getting your own  sense of style and DIRECTION.
B0000028PL|5.0|I very much enjoyed Living Colour's first two albums, and received this  one as a birthday present. I listened to it a bit, didn't &quot;get&quot;  it, and it languished on the back shelf of my tape collection for 6 years.  Maybe I was still a little miffed that they showed up late and evidently  drunk for that London show a couple years before.  Anyway I dug it out a  few months ago just for kicks, and could not believe how good it sounded to  me now. I agree with an earlier reviewer who believes that Living Colour  found a genuinely original voice with this last album. This band's strength  had always been carefully managed dissonance, and here they played to this  strength on every song. Even apparently melodic tunes like  &quot;Nothingness&quot; and &quot;Bi&quot; juxtapose sweetish music with  ironic or nihilistic lyrics. The intensity they manage to sustain is most  impressive--check out even the little 3 minute throwaway song &quot;This  Little Pig&quot; with its rapid changes in rhythm and and texture.<br />It is  indeed too bad that Living Colour broke up when they had apparently reached  a new level of creativity. From what I understand, it was a minor miracle  they stayed together long enough even to get Stain finished, so I suppose  we should be grateful. Buy this and prepare to rock at a new level.
B000002B7Y|5.0|&quot;No Rest for the Wicked&quot; sees Ozzy getting back to straight  Metal. I didn't like the rather commercial, kinda glamour-Rock records  &quot;Bark at the Moon&quot; and &quot;The Ultimate Sin&quot; that much, so  this album is one of my favorites by Ozzy. There are no really outstanding  tracks and the first time I listened to it, I didn't like it at all. It  takes some time to get used to, it's not as catchy as some of his other  albums ( like &quot;No more Tears&quot;). After all, I think it still  shines as one of his best albums since &quot;Blizzard of Ozz&quot;. It  suprised me a little that &quot;No more Tears&quot; was so much different  from this. But all the songs are worth listening to, there isn't a weak  song on the whole album (that doesn't happen too often with Ozzy).
B000002P74|5.0|&quot;Second Helping&quot; is a southern rock masterwork and is a clear  reminder of how fine a band Lynyrd Skynyrd was. The Allman Brothers might  have created the southern rock sound but Lynyrd Skynyrd perfected it.  Lynyrd Skynyrd consisted of Ronnie Van Zant(vocals), Ed King(guitar), Allen  Collins(guitar), Gary Rossington(guitar),Billy Powell(piano), Bob  Burns(drums), and Leon Wilkeson(bass). All of the elements combined here  resulted in one of the greatest bands to ever put their stamp in the  history of rock n' roll. &quot;Second Helping&quot; contains a treasure  chest of gems starting with the top 10 hit &quot;Sweet Home Alabama&quot;  which is a song of praise for their homeland and a reply to Neil Young's  vicious depiction of the south in his song &quot;Southern Man&quot;. Just  listen to the wonderful guitar solos and that honky tonk piano that  concludes the song. Wonderful! &quot;The Needle and the Spoon&quot; finds  the band giving fair warning for the curious ones who like to tamper with  destruction and self degradation. The song ends with some magnificent  guitar interplay and Ronnie Van Zant stating with a eerie conviction  &quot;I Know...I Know.&quot; &quot;I Need You&quot; is a passionate plea  for love and a slow burning rocker that sinks deep into your  heart.  &quot;Don't Ask Me No Questions&quot; is a catchy melody played with a  jovial spirit and contains some marvellous horn playing by the likes of  Bobby Keyes who was famous for his contributions to the Stones.  &quot;Second Helping&quot; also contains the J.J. Cale penned classic  &quot;Call Me The Breeze&quot; which is a showstopper in the hands of  Lynyrd Skynyrd and a showcase for the bands fierce musical chops. This is  southern rock in all its bombastic glory with rip roaring piano playing,  stinging guitar solos, and a fanfare of divine horn playing. What a thrill!  What can i say except that this is a great rock n' roll album displaying a  band at a dizzying peak. Go ahead andgrab a serving!
B00000F3TS|5.0|A classic for children of the 80's. Nerve-wracking, compassionate, and  adventurous.
079213690X|5.0|Braveheart is simply one of the best fims ever made. It's as simple as  that.  Anyone who does not love this movie is seriously screwed up! For  those of you who are unfamiliar with the story it takes place in 14th  century Scotland.  Mel Gibson, who gives the preformance of a lifetime,  stars as the Scottish commoner who leads his fellow men in a revolt against  the exceedingly evil Edward the Longshanks when his wife is murdered.   <br />This film is superior to many many many other films for several reasons.  One it is incredibly thirilling. The film's pace never lets up, even when  Gibson isn't leading his men into battle.  Which brings me to my second  point. Its battle scenes are the best ever done. The are filled with blood  and gore, but never at any moment seem glorified or stylized. It is also  very historically accurate, I don't care what the reviewer Steve Henderson  said below, he's out of his mind. Gibson didn't set out to make a  documentry, so their will be a few minor inaccuracies. If Steve would have  done any sort of research into the movie he would have known the Gibson did  extensive research into the conditions, battles and other common practices  of that time era. <br />I have absolutly no complaints about this movie. I  believe it is as close to perfect as something can get. Between the  battles, the acting, cinematography and script Braveheart is nothing short  of the best movie ever made. I recommend it highly and insist anyone who  hasn't seen it to see it.
B00000612P|5.0|If Rod Stewart had carried on in this vein, he would have been bigger than  Elvis now and with his credibility intact, like Springsteen, Tom Waits and  the Rolling Stones. These songs are real gems, from the hard rocking Maggie  May, Reason To Believe and That's Alright to the more folky numbers like  Tomorrow Is A Long Time, Seems Like A Long Time and the deliciously sad but  uplifting Mandolin Wind. A perfect blend of superb material and passionate  delivery make this a classic rock album.
6305750750|4.0|Star Wars 1, The Phantom Menace, is basically a comic book in film form.  As simple as that. So if you would enjoy an entertaining sci-fi/fantasy  film, then maybe you should buy this movie, but if you're the more synical  filmwatcher and are expecting Shakespeare, then I would not recommend you  buying this.
0345363132|4.0|Whether or not you like this book will depend in large part in where you  stand on the person and character of Richard of York, Duke of Gloucester  and by the Grace of God, King of England, (however briefly).<br /><br />If you are  an unswayable proponent of the \\"Black Theory\\" -- that is, that  Shakespeare, More and Richard's other critics were correct,  that Richard killed the Princes and a lot of other people as well -- you'd  probably better move along.  This isn't for you.<br /><br />If you haven't been  persuaded yet, or are in favor of the \\"White Theory\\" -- that  Richard was a good man, slandered by history -- then this is right up your  alley.<br /><br />It begins shortly before the deaths of Richard's father, uncle,  cousins and brother at Sandal Castle and follows the fortunes of Richard,  his brothers -- the hapless and self-serving George, Duke of Clarence and  the shining Edward IV, the Sunne in Splendour -- and the other major  players in the War of the Roses through to Richard's own death on Bosworth  Field.<br /><br />My only complaint -- and it's minor -- is that perhaps Richard as  presented here is just a little too perfect, a little too saintly.  I've no  doubt he was honorable and decent -- yes, I hold to the White Theory -- and  I believe he was loyal to his brother, but he comes across as someone who  really never made a misstep, and I find that hard to believe.<br /><br />All the  same, it's a vivid portrait of its time, and very readable.  You're going  to want to read more about the Lancasters and Yorks when you're done.
B000002A3T|5.0|Those of us who are waay into Pink Floyd have a favorite album that we  will defend as the BEST ever (for many Dark Side of the Moon) and we will  travel whereever we have to go to see them play live. As a P.F. fanatic, I  have to say that the promotional tour gig for The Division Bell in Phoenix,  Az in 1994 was the most knockout Pink Floyd concert ever.<br />They were  just killin' us with new songs from this album. From the moment they  stepped on stage they put the pedal to the metal and never let up the  intensity and the thrills which kept us on our feet screaming for hours.  Then, they treated us to a stunning array of their earlier songs as well  and never sounded better. They locked in our devotion and no one cared when  P.F. tossed away the key.<br />That April night in the desert was very cold,  and the moon was full.  We stood shivvering in summer clothes until they  started to play and the energy levels ratcheted up 'til we were sweating.  Then they tripped us out with an awesome array of effects including smoke  and lights pulsing to the music; a large overhead TV screen showing a  mishmash of totally wierd images; and those outrageous enormous plastic  pigs that popped out of chutes on either side of the stage.<br />Then they  brought out the dazzling, colossal mirror ball that opened like a lotus and  shot splinters of light that painted the sky, each other and everywhere. We  were blissed out while the music blasted us into whole new levels of  experiencing both sight and sound.  We were glassy eyed and high from each  other's energy hours later as we finally stumbled from the arena at  concert's end with ears buzzing while trying to sing &quot;wearing the  inside out&quot; and gripping the tour tee shirts and posters of the album  cover's two talking heads.  It was wild.<br />David, Rick and Nick were HOT  that night.  David electrified the audience with such dazzling guitar work  that we were breathless from screaming. It is probably true that nothing  can replace the intensity of that live concert, but The Division Bell  studio album is a wonderful way to dial in the memories and be there again.  Yet, to P.F. heads it really doesn't matter, we'll make it happen whatever  way we can.<br />Like other reviewers have noted, The Division Bell is about  communication.  The magic of music is communication, isn't it? &quot;What  do you want from me&quot;, &quot;Keep Talking&quot;,and &quot;Lost for  Words&quot; tells their story of anger, pain, and great loss that still  simmers in their feelings after Roger walked. The band let us know that it  has not been easy to have lost such a gifted musician. I think the lyrics  are eloquently understated and brilliant. Does one really need a hammer to  get the point?<br />Those who have seen P.F. live KNOW how cooked the band is  and this is why we are still so fanatical about this group.  Yes, we may  miss Roger, but the Division Bell has its own power and it is still Pink  Floyd to the MAX.  Many of us will continue to clamor for more from this  band - probably until the end of time.  While we wait, we always have their  albums. Rumor has it that there is a new one on the way.  Perhaps it is  wishful thinking, but for this music lover, The Division Bell is a new  classic Pink Floyd, and that's alright with me.
B00004TFK3|4.0|.....''WE COME IN PEACE; AND WE DRESS IN BLACK''....This line encapsulates the movie for me, from its cool opening (complete with really gooey, blue slime)to the bug fight at the end this is great! he story basically involves a secret government agency - the Men In Black - who, when there are alien criminals on earth, are sent out to infiltrate them. The film itself is pure, cool blockbuster material, with some real gripping scenes, like the finale. Included on the limited edition DVD are a lot of features, actually, the best being a scene editing facility, and a section where you can look at the way the finale was created, making good use of the angle button for a change. Give it a try, its well worth the money.
0767817664|3.0|I have seen Fright night at least 10 times. Twice in the theatres back in  1985 and numerous times on cable and LD. When the DVD came out, I bought it  and rather disappointed because the sound is not in 5.1 Dolby Digital and  the picture quality is just slightly better than the LD. But it is a great  vampire movie. The storyline is about a teenager witnessed a murder next  door which he believes done by a vampire. Of course nobody else believes  him. It is fun, funny and scary. If only someone release the sequel on DVD  also. The sequel is very much an equal to the original which is rare this  days.
B00003CXCS|5.0|What makes a great film?  Casting, direction, cinematograhy, art  direction, editing, music.  This film has the best of everything.  It is  irellevant what one thinks of the story.  This is a film that can be viewed  hundreds of times and be in awe of its masterful elements.  The attention  to detail is astounding.  For example, the minute the film starts with the  Twentieth Century Fox logo, there is no fanfare in order to create the  proper atmosphere.  All the actors including the children are perfectly  cast.   Every frame of the film is crafted brilliantly.  Considering the  location filming in Salzburg was plagued by rain, it certainly is not  evident in the finished product.  As far as Fox's DVD release is concerned,  it certainly surpasses the previous DVD releases of the other R&amp;H  musicals, but the sound still could have been mixed better.  The picture  quality is magnificent and thank God they gave us the ANAMORPHIC wide  screen format.
B00003CX6P|3.0|A psychological thriller that has a great climax but the ending is  usatisfactory.   I admit, I never read the book, but I can only bet the  book had a better ending, usually does.  Matt Damon gives an amazing  performance as the lead, Tom Ripley.  What makes Mr. Ripley so talented his  natural ability to learn about people, so well, that he can copycat their  voices and looks.  So, when he meets Jude Law's character, Dickie  Greenleaf, he would like nothing else than to live life as he does.  Mr.  Ripley will stop at nothing to obtain that kind of life.  The only one who  realizes Ripley is up to no good is Paltrow, who plays Jude Law's wife.   Others who find out, end up silenced, if you know what I mean.  While the  story builds and builds to a well done climax, it fails to resolve the  story at the end.  GRADE: C
0783246641|5.0|Anyone who doesn't love this book and the movie must surely be a yuppie.
B00003CWL6|5.0|This a movie that deals with many controversial issues-voyuerism, homosexualality,teen obsession,drugs, ect. Sam Mendes is a brilliant  director and he's only going to get better. ( I think he was only 32 when  he did this movie ) Sam Mendes took these issues and made them unoffensive  because of his brilliant direction. He made them into &quot;every day  americana&quot; Kevin Spacey and Annette Benning were very entertaining-  the entire cast is exceptional. One may not understand or enjoy this movie  the first time. See it more than once--it will grow on you--you will  discover something different every time !
0156528207|5.0|Can someone please explain the ending of this book to me in the next  review?  And did the little prince go through any real changes?
1573228214|5.0|one of the better books i have ever read.
B00004SYWZ|5.0|Try to lock yourself in a room with A-HA's new album MEMS after a busy  day. You'll experience how their songs iron your rugged feeling of tiresome  into pure sheen of velvet.<br />I strongly recommend &quot;Minor Earth Major  Sky&quot;,&quot;I wish I cared&quot;. It's the best of A-ha so far.
0790729628|1.0|This is one of the worst DVDs ever put out.  WB should be ashamed of  themselves. To make up for it, as well as take more money out of our  pockets, they are finally doing it right.   They are currently doing a new  BLADE RUNNER DVD.  It's set for release in 2001.  It will have Ridley  Scott's commentary as well as others.  It will also have production design  sketches, extra footage, etc... I highly doubt we'll hear from Harrison  Ford since he has yet to bury the hatchet with Ridley Scott. Save your  money.  DO NOT BUY THIS DVD.
B00003CXCS|5.0|Reviled by some, beloved by many, consistently referred to as the most  popular movie musical ever made, THE SOUND OF MUSIC more than fulfills the  promise of its beautiful visuals and expert song numbers on home video via  DVD.  This edition tops the 1995 laserdisc by allowing the sparkling,  exemplary design of its 70mm. Todd-AO frame to be exhibited with increased  sharpness and resolution.  The 4.1 Dolby Digital soundtrack is powerful and  clean, but since this film was originally mixed for six-track magnetic  stereo, it's curious why the effort wasn't made by Fox to split the  surrounds!  Nonethless, the film sounds terrific. The extra features make  this package a bargain at the price.  Full length commentary by director  Bob Wise, with the musical numbers presented sans vocals, is a great touch.   And the two documentaries are beautifully presented; full of facts and  bits of arcane information that any fan will truly enjoy. A great movie,  and a great DVD rendition.  More like this, PLEASE!
B000001FQI|4.0|I consider myself a true TFF fan, having began loving them starting with  their first, and greatest album.  However, I do not consider this their  best effort.  It is a truly amazing album though and Oleta Adams' voice  makes it worth a listen.  She has an amazing set of chords.  Listen to  &quot;Women In Chains&quot;...that is a masterpiece!
0141301066|5.0|It's only fair that this book be mentioned in comparison to the Harry Potter books, since this book is similar in tone, character, and sheer  genius.  In fact, MATILDA is probably the predecessor to Harry Potter, and  deserving of as much praise and admiration.<br />Matilda is a girl who doesn't  jibe with her parents, is despised by the school principal, Ms. Trunchbowl,  and has a wonderfully sweet teacher named Miss Honey.  Oh, and Matilda just  happens to have special powers.  This book follows Matilda in her search  for friendship, approval, and the key to her magical powers.<br />The tone  in this book is whimsical and magical, with a huge helping of humor and  outrageousness.  The characters are strong and entertaining, and the story  is engaging.  This book is a must read for fans of Roald Dahl's other  books, specifically CHARLIE AND THE CHOCOLATE FACTORY, as well as fans of  J.K. Rowling's Harry Potter series.  Highly recommended!
B00000GAIW|5.0|Aqualung is a fine work. Musically and lyrically it is masterfully  written. It explores the depravity of 'man' and the inept worldliness of  the 'church'. Ian Anderson writes some scathing accusations against the  religious nature of the mainstream churches. In doing so highlights the  un-godly situation where people can sink to the level of Aqualung and yet  the 'church' does nothing but carry on with its pomp and ego. Ian has some  obvious profound insight into the misgivings of the mainstream church by  pointing out various traditionally held practises that have little or  nothing to do with being an earthly representative of our Lord. e.g 'Oh  people, what have you done, locked Him in His golden cage. Made Him bend to  your religion, Him resurrected from the grave. He is the god of nothing, if  that's all that you can see. You are the God of everything, He's inside you  and me. This observation is spot on and is some of the most powerful and  thought provoking lyrics I've read. 'You're right Ian,'He's not the kind  you have to wind-up on Sunday'. Aqualung is a classic album in every sense  of the word.
014028009X|5.0|How is it possible that this woman wrote my life in her diary? She is so  clever. Many times people would turn around and stare in my direction as i  was reading this - because i was laughing so loud and hard.  My only regret  is that this book eventually ended.  Will be buying the sequel right now!
0671027344|5.0|i read &quot;the perks of being a wallflower&quot; completely by accident.  i saw it in a bookstore, liked the square format and the blurbs on the  back, so i decided to purchase it.  little did i know that this would be my  best book purchase of the past 10 years.  i am 27 years old, and am a  contemporary/peer of the characters in this book.  it is set in the early  90s and the characters are juniors and seniors in high school, with the  exception of the main character, charlie, who is a freshman. this story was  simply beautiful.  beautifully written, beautifully thought out,  beautifully developed.  it reminds me of a cross between &quot;dear mr.  henshaw&quot; by beverly cleary and &quot;a catcher in the rye&quot; by  salinger.  both great books in their own ways.  however, what makes  &quot;the perks of being a wallflower&quot; different is that it is set in  the current, with current worries and issues that real teenagers feel.  is  it melancholy?  sure.  will it make you laugh and cry?  definitely.  is  this the best book of the past decade?  i'd have to say YES!
B0000024T3|5.0|Je suis un fan Franais de Barbra Streisand depuis 18 ans. &quot;Je  m'Appelle Barbra&quot; est  mon avis, le meilleur album franais/anglais  enregistr ce jour par une chanteuses. Mme Yves Montand n'arrive pas   faire oublier l'interprtation de Barbra dans &quot;Les Feuilles  Mortes&quot;. Barbra Streisand est l'quivalent de Edith Piaf...  deux trs  grandes chanteuses  voix, dont l'interprtation bouleverse. De plus en  plus rare de nos jours ou toutes ses chanteuses ditent  voix, ne font que  crier... Amricain vous ne savez pas la chance que vous avez de  possder une  si grande vocaliste dans votre culture musicale.
B000020617|2.0|The FF's were easily my favorite alternative or modern rock band or  whatever before this album.  But not anymore; something went terribly  wrong.<br />For my money, Live-In Skin is the best cut on the album, although  a lot of people seem to think it's the worst.  I call those people stupid.   But anywho, Gimme Stitches is also a good song; Stacked Actors, Breakout,  and Generator are decent, although Stacked Actors plays like a song that  was written to be hard, which I don't like.<br />As much as I hate to say it,  I think that the Foos have taken a turn for the worse.  Maybe it's because  Pat Smear left.  Maybe it's because they wrote all the songs for TINLTL in  the studio.   Maybe it's because on the first two albums, Dave Grohl  actually did the drumming.  Maybe my tastes have changed.  Maybe I had a  total frontal lobotomy yesterday.  At any rate, if you're looking for  &quot;intelligent rock,&quot;  as I have seen it described, be wary:  rocks  are minerals and they don't have brains.
B000000WJK|5.0|Although they were never able to reach these heights again before their  second (final?) breakup, this is the Verve CD to own, and cemented their  position as one of rock's greats. I'm certainly biased, because this is  their &quot;earlier&quot; sound that I heard before the  &quot;balladeering&quot; of Urban Hymns. This is the music I first heard  for the video on MTV Europe back in '91, 'She's a Superstar' (on the Verve  E.P.). I immediately stopped everything I was doing and was held captive  for the duration. This CD does the E.P. one better. Lush, rolling waves of  feedback, dreamy melodies and distant, echoing choruses of voices. 'I can  see a million faces in the condensation.&quot; Indeed! And their harder  material (check the sonic wallop of 'The Sun, The Sea') reminds me of  'Nothing's Shocking'-era Jane's Addiction. The truth be told, their  guitarist Nick McCabe could even pull these sorts of pyrotechnics off live,  while remaining just as serene as you'd expect a 'northern soul' to be. He  and Dave Navarro were easily the greatest guitarists of the 90's, without a  doubt. A classic disc which was little appreciated in its day, but will be  remembered for years to come.
0312853238|5.0|I've given away countless copies.  Ender is the perfect hero for anyone  who was isolated as a child, simply for being smart.  Witty and engaging,  Card nails childhood, military schools, and sports. He then goes one step  further and winds them into a wonderful story.  A must read.
B00003CXIP|5.0|This is the very best DVD, I have been wating for a special edtion of this  movie ever since i first saw this movie with a freind way back in 1986, and  let me tell all who love this film.- The DVD is a must have, the special  edition which features the best commentary track ever heard by director Rob  Reiner, it also features a isolated music score which rules, the very best  part is a documentary filmed specialy for this DVD, this is not some old  1986 promo behind the scenes that's shot to air on HBO when the movie was  first released, rather it is a film shot just for this DVD edition which is  very good!!! We get treated to being visted by Rob Reiner, Stephen King all  now in the year 2000 but also all the remaining actors from Richard Dryfus  recalling his time while filming, and Wil Wheaton, Cory Feldman, Jerry  O'connell, Keifer Southerland!!!! all discussing how the film affected them  recalling funny moments about the shoot, and a very touching tribute to the  very missed River Phoenix, all the actors fondly remember this fine actor  and how tragic his death was fortold in the last scene of the film..  The  special Documentry is 35min long and i promise you will love every second  of it!! So run and purchase this gem of a film finally done right on DVD!!  big thank you to columbia pictures!! your DVD's RULE!!!!!
B000002B82|4.0|I love this album, as everyone else seems to do, and I would really like  to give it 5 Stars. But somehow, this isn't my favorite Ozzy album. There  are tons of brilliant Songs here, really : &quot;Mr. Tinkertrain&quot;,  &quot;I don't want to change the World&quot;, &quot;Mama, I'm coming  home&quot;, &quot;No more Tears&quot;, &quot;S.I.N.&quot;, &quot;Time after  Time&quot; and &quot;Road to Nowhere&quot; are my personal favorites. These  songs are some of the best Ozzy ever produced, right up there with  &quot;Mr. Crowley&quot;, &quot;Bark at the Moon&quot; or, if you push away  the historical meaning &quot;Paranoid&quot;, &quot;Black Sabbath&quot;,  &quot;Changes&quot;... You get the Idea. But, I still think that this album  could have been better. Overall, it's too long. If you look closer, not all  the songs are brilliant. &quot;Hellraiser&quot; would be great if there was  no Motrhead Version of it, which is by far better.  &quot;Zombie  Stomp&quot; and &quot;A.V.H.&quot; are very medicore, but maybe that is due  to the fact that all they got the company of absolutely amazing songs. My  biggest complaint about the Album is it's production: It just doesn't kick.  It sounds like Ozzy shared the producer with Bon Jovi (Hate 'em). Too  polished for Ozzy's music. In the end I think that this is one of the best  Rock-Albums of the nineties. But - my favorite Ozzy Album is still &quot;No  Rest for the Wicked&quot;. Still recommended for everyone who likes Ozzy,  and it's also a great place to start if you just get to know him. Buy it,  if you don't already have, you can't go wrong.
B00003CX7L|5.0|After seeing both &quot;Toy Story&quot; and &quot;Toy Story II&quot; I think Hollywood producers need to consider making more family-oriented  films.  Most new films released this summer are full of violence, hatred,  sex, and blood and gore.  &quot;Toy Story&quot; and &quot;Toy Story  II&quot; proves that good, clean, wholesome movies can be just as  profitable as anything else they have made.  My family and I have totally  fallen in love with the &quot;Toys&quot;.  I plan to purchase both DVDs  when they are released this October.  My thanks to Pixar for their superior  film making.
B000002OTL|5.0|This is the best selections of songs I have ever had the pleasure of  listening to again and again. Everything about it is amazing, the snippets  of dialogue, the choice in music and sounds, the arrangement in respect to  the scenes from the movie, everything! I particularaly enjoyed the dialouge  between Samuel L Jackson and John Travolta about hash bars and personality  were screamingly funny, and the choices of songs like &quot;Son of a  Preacher Man&quot;, &quot;Jungle Boogie&quot;, &quot;Lonesome Town&quot;,  and one of my favorites off of the album, &quot;If Love Is A Red Dress,  Hang Me In Rags&quot;. I have read all of the other reviews and cannot  figure out why no one else likes thi song. Just listen to the words, they  are being sung from a truly crushed heart, it is one of the most real love  songs ever written.       I also liked the way that the sound bites fell on  the album, the best one being Ezekial 25:17 which is the last track on the  album. Just listen to Samuel's voice as he emotes the power, passion,  energy and rage behind ever syllable of that passage, it leaves you  breathless.       The choices of surf music to fill in the instrumental  portions of the soundtrack were inspired and perfectally fits the  mood of  the movie.      I highly recommend this soundtrack to anyone who craves  quality music from a quality movie.
630575067X|4.0|I am a Star Wars fan and will always be a fan.  I absolutely loved the  first three films and had high expectations for the fourth, &quot;Phantom  Menace&quot;.  It did'nt live up to all my expectations but it lived up to  most of them.  The character Jar Jar Binks was annoying at first but he  kind of grew on me after a while.  The actors were sort of wooden and stiff  but even that became bearable.  The 'star' of &quot;Phantom Menace&quot;  was the incredibly beautiful special effects. George Lucas' Industrial  Light and Magic have created another special effects masterpiece. I hope  the next installment of the 'prequel' will be better.
B00003CXGP|3.0|Despite the film being silly, corny and at times STUPID, I must admit it  was a bit entertaining.  Still, I would not really recommend it to anyone  who has read the novel.  But feel free to take a chance.  It just might get  to you.
B00004U8H4|1.0|If this film was meant to be a satire it failed completely. It show us  rich people having &quot;fun&quot;. So my point is: What do we care? When  Oliver Stone made &quot;Natural Born Killers&quot; people didn't understand  the satire because the film was too clever and they were to stupid. Even if  &quot;American Psycho&quot; is a satire, a bad one indeed, we got nothing  that can relate to us. To our lives. And if I would be Phil Collins I would  be really ashamed today. This film don't makes you feel anything, and it's  not much &quot;fun&quot;. To quote Oliver Stone: &quot;I'm surprised that a  lot of directors today find violence entertaining. You know, to shout  somebody is fun, it's hip, it's cool...&quot;
0449002632|4.0|Why would you want to read such a large book? I think the last page of  Rutherfurd's novel explains it best.  An archeologist is explaining why he  does what he does to a group of elementary school children.  He tells the  students to imagine a leaf falling to the ground in the autumn months.  As  the season progresses more and more leaves fall. Each season adds to the  strata of leaves.  As the archeologist slowly sifts through the site, s/he  visits each time period.  <br />Rutherfurd's novel tells the story of a few  leaves, each beautiful, unique and with a story of its own.  You may be  intimidated with its heft, but the journey is rewarding.  Each chapter can  be a novel on its own, but what makes the book work is its central theme.   After reading this book I feel I have a better understanding of the city.   I look forward to the next Rutherfurd novel.
B000002N3N|4.0|Cuarto disco de Enya, y el cual demuestra cada vez ms la intencin de  dirigirse a un pblico ms masivo (la cancin \\"anywhere is\\" difcilmente la  habra relacionado con Enya de haberla escuchado sin saber que el disco es  de ella); sin embargo, en otras de sus melodas ha depurado su estilo tan  particular, haciendo de este disco una compra obligada para cualquier  persona que admire la obra de esta artista. De hecho, podramos decir que  esta es una excelente eleccin para adentrarse poco a poco al mundo sonoro  de Enya, ya que este disco resulta ms fcil de escuchar que sus  anteriores. Si lo que desea es tener un muestrario de lo mejor de esta  artista, probablemente le convenga ms comprar el disco \\"paint de sky with  stars\\"; una recopilacin de lo mejor de sus cuatro discos.
B00003CX5P|5.0|That is all I have to say. If you have a bad review for this movie just put your copy on Ebay and let someone else enjoy it.
0684800713|2.0|I have a great deal of respect for writers who can produce great  literature composed of simple language. Hemingway has always been one of  those authors who I've held up to others as an exemplar of such writing,  and I was surprised to find such an ordinary piece of work in Fiesta. His  charcterisation, which is usually so deeply and thoughtfully evoked by  memoir and circumstance,is flat and unmotivated in Fiesta. The plot is  weak, the drama shallow and the interpersonal relationships are at best  puzzling.<br />If this is your first encounter with Hemingway, don't give up -  &quot;A Farewell to Arms&quot;, &quot;For Whom the Bell Tolls&quot; and  &quot;The Old Man and the Sea&quot; are all magnificent, and EMH deserves  his reputation as one of this century's greatest authors.
0446677450|5.0|Excellent book.  Kiyosaki's concepts should be required learning in Middle  and Junior High School. I applaud the book's simplicity in describing the  real difference between an asset and a liability. For the first time in our  lives we have an action plan for building wealth that makes sense.  We  bought Kiyosaki's Cashflow game for a family Christmas present and all I  can say is WOW!
B00004T1NA|4.0|While not quite as good as their previous effort, &quot;Stupid  Dream&quot;, this is still an excellent album. The Tree is moving closer to  the pop center with this cd. Some prog rock fans will be put off by the  simplicity of the instrumentation on this one. If you own no Porcupine Tree  albums buy &quot;Stupid Dream&quot;. Then buy this one and support Steven  Wilson and some of the best music being made today.
6305313687|4.0|Danny, the younger brother of Derek, tells the story.  This has a good  effect in the film, because his brother has convinced him that hatred is  good.  Danny's perspective shows how someone is forced to change his  viewpoints about a belief that he thought was absolutely true.  I could  relate to this because there are many situations in my life where I have  been forced to question assumptions that I thought were undeniably  true.<br />The black and white parts are all flashbacks.  They make the point  that Derek's earlier attitudes were \\"black and white\\", but the movie  doesn't ever user that clich&eacute;. This means that Derek and Danny were blind  to the different colors or variations in life.  There is only one flashback  that is not black and white, and that is a flashback of the brothers  walking on the beach when they were a few years old.  I think this is meant  to show the innocence of youth, before their father introduced blind  prejudice into their lives.<br />It seems to be a shock film to show the  people who are very prejudiced that their ways are wrong.  However, I think  that it is intended for people who like preachy films about racism.  I  usually don't like films that are this much of a lecture, but this film  worked for me because the characterization of Danny and Derek engrossed me.  Also, I could empathize with the conflicts in the movie, like their family  struggles and Derek's attitude of wanting to watch out for Derek.<br />I felt  no different about race relations after watching this film.  I feel that  there are no inborn differences among people of different races; ergo, no  prejudice from me.  However, this film helped me to understand how someone  could get wrapped up in a \\"skinhead\\" mentality.  Also, I vicariously  experienced Derek's fear when he was in prison and the group of black  prisoners was about to turn on him.
0440214041|4.0|Excellent Grisham book, my favorite so far, excellent plot twist when  Khamel was killed, lower level of predictability, but it was still there.  He still needs to work on his endings.  This book had a humorous ending.  Well written.
B000000H66|1.0|Ok to keep it simple, this is truly, utterly and without competition the  worst album i heard for some time. I know that all you head bangers will  hate me for this but this really is a perfect example of how a band can be  enslaved in a clische and not being able nor wanting to do anything about  it. Without to much phylosophy this music is desperetly boring, dull,  bereft of any creativity and imagination. It sounds like 9 same songs  recorded over and over. Honestly don't go looking for good metal on this  cd, any use I see for this cd is to put it underneath my shelf so it would  be in balance.
B000002GGW|4.0|For my money, the mark of a great album is how well it stands the test of  time and rock's restless, ever-changing environment.  Looking back on this  startling and underrated Supetramp opus, I can offer you an interesting  perspective.  It's 1985.  I'm in high school, this album comes out and  Supertramp is still up there with Pink Floyd and Led Zeppelin as one among  my favourite progressive rock bands.  Now cut to the late 90's.  I'm deep  into modern electronica, dance music and club culture.  I'm going to dance  parties, buying the DJ mix albums and talking like a nutter with my mates  about names like Paul Van Dyke and Anthony Pappa and Dave Seaman and The  Platipus Sound System.  World's apart, you might think?  No, because this  is not your standard cheesy, commercial Top 40 dance fodder.  It's  progressive house music, and looking back I realise it has more in common  with Supertramp's progressive ethic than you might think.  Listening to  this album now I'm struck by the pristine production and beautiful  textures, dynamic and intelligent arrangements, attention to detail,  reverence for melody, and the sheer passion and emotion of the music.  With  guitarist and co-songwriter Roger Hodgson departing Supetramp a few years  before this album's release, some critics and fans were writing off BROTHER  WHERE YOU BOUND even before it appeared.  My, how foolish they look now.   The first half is made up of four shortish songs that are a solid  restatement of classic Supetramp strengths: vocalist Rick Davis' R&amp;B  growl and dynamic piano playing, John Helliwell's marvelously moody  saxophone, the punchy jazz-inflected arrangements, spare but clever use of  sound effects, and a rhythm section as tight as high-tensile steel wire.   After four songs you barely notice that Roger Hodgson's vocals and piecing  lead guitar solos are absent.  That absence is nonetheless remedied in part  during the album's second half by his perfect replacement...Pink Floyd's  David Gilmour.  Gilmour's two astonishingly powerful lead guitar solos  provide the icing on the ambitious 16-minute title track, an exhilarating  opus that's right up there with &quot;Fools Overture&quot;, that classic  piece of progressive pomp from their 1976 album EVEN IN THE QUIETEST  MOMENTS.  It doesn't really matter that the cold war paranoia of Rick  Davies lyrics now sounds dreadfully embarrassing; the music carries the  day.  Segueing through at least half a dozen highly distinct musical  movements - including a startling free-form avant-garde collision of  instruments about halfway through - this track is a stunning achievement  for the band.  It also makes for a great demonstration of your hi-fi  system, if you're so inclined.  After that glorious blast, you need  something to calm you down and the closing lament &quot;Ever Open  Door&quot; does it admirably.  Featuring just Davies' voice, a piano and  dash of synthesiser, it's a tender and emotional close to one of the high  watermarks in the Supertramp canon.  God, if you're a fan and you never  bought this one, get it now.
B00003CWLF|5.0|This movie is spectacular in every way.  At the theater I was blown away with the lavishness and constant eye-candy of the sets and scenery.  I can  hardly wait for the DVD, to help re-create some of the magic of the big  screen.  <br />I am a lifetime fan of the original musical &quot;The King and  I&quot; and once even saw Yul Brenner do the stage play in person.  A  magical experience -- so I went into the theater thinking it might be a  poor imitation, but it wasn't!  A completely different kind of movie, with  a wonderful, believable performance by Chow Yun-Fat, speaking of eye-candy.   Jodie Foster brought the passion and bravery of Anna to life -- and though  it only contains elements of truth; it is a charming, sometimes  breathtaking fantasy worthy of some of the most lavish productions of  Hollywood days gone by.  If you love beauty, passion, and a rollercoaster  ride of laughter to tears and back again -- you'll love this movie!
B000001EPB|4.0|I saw Lord of the Dance a few weeks ago at PNC Arts Center in NJ. The show  was awesome. Little short, but well worth the money. Just went out over the  weekend and bought the video, and now I am buying the CD.<br />Great  stuff!<br />My 2 cents~
B00000295A|4.0|This is simply a great album. I bought this second of the four albums that  I own - and it has tunred out to be the one that I come back to time and  time again. It is just great to sit and chill out to. The track &quot;Blow  Your Mind&quot; is worth the price of the album.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|I saw Maiden live last night and it was a real celebration of everything  metal.  A great show through and through.  One thing that impressed me was  how good their new songs sound.  It's clear that they took advantage of the  three guitars because the solos were tremendous.  Brave New World and Ghost  of the Navigator were particular standouts.  That is what, to some degree,  I was expecting because this new album is so damn good.  Bruce's voice  doesn't seem to have the range that it did on, say, 'Powerslave', but he  developed a really mature, charming tone on Chemical Wedding and he  maintains that here.  This album is most comparable to mid-period Maiden  like 'Somewhere in Time' and '7th Son'.  And, like these albums, BNW uses  occasional syths and has a thin, splintering sound to the guitar.  Rather  than sounding weak, these effects just make this album sound edgy and  innovative.  Maiden are innovators and this album demonstrates their  brilliance fully.
B00003ZKSP|5.0|Slipknot isnt a very new band(the roots date back to 96). They are an  extremely talented musicians who know what the fans want. Regardless of  what others think, they DO NOT think they are better than any band. They  are very humble and work hard to win over fans. The cd is also identical to  the US release with a bonus track and two demos. The bonus track is  alright, its a studio cut. The two demos are of Diluted and Purity(later  removed off the US editions due to legal problems). Personally, I think the  demo of Diluted is, in ways, better of the original song. If you havent  pick up the cd, get this edition..its got 3 extra tracks..or wait for the  US digi-pak to come out in a month
6300268993|5.0|This is the ultimate superhero movie. Thank God this film was made.After  seeing Superman 2 I dont care if I never see another superhero film ever  again. I think Richard Donner and Richard Lester deserve praise. The film  needed a bit of humour and LEster did just that. I've never come across  anyone in my life who does not like Superman 2. <br />I recommend that you  pre-order the new Superman DvD's as soon as they become available next  year.
B00003CXFG|1.0|The special effects in this movie were fantastic, I would actually give it 1 1/2 stars, but don't watch it just for that.  I found the plot to be  ridiculous.  Way too many coincidences to be believable.  The dialogue was  so poor that it was often a distraction from the special effects.  If you  want good FX, buy The Matrix.
B00000K19E|5.0|Stop your search. If you like action, and a little sci-fi, this is an  all-time great movie, especially in the DVD format. I've now seen this  movie over 15 times, and still enjoy it every time. The extras are great,  but the movie itself holds up for multiple viewings - great storyline,  incredible special effects. Keanu Reeves is not the best actor in the  world, but he was perfect for this role - his &quot;Whoa!&quot; is one of  the best moments of the film, an inflection he carried over from his Bill  and Ted Days. So, if you don't yet have this DVD in your collection, don't  delay in adding it - you won't be disappointed.
B00004TLMC|3.0|The message of this film has been glossed over by most reviewers.<br />It is  basically this:  sex is dangerous, unpredictable, tortuous, horrible,  hurtful.<br />Not in the blatant sense of the act itself, but in all the  complex subtleties and consequences.<br />At the party, Cruise's rich friend  gets into deep water when he tries to have sex in an upstairs bedroom with  a junkie.<br />Later, Kidman and Cruise psychologically tear each other to  pieces over some innocent flirting which has happened at the party.  The  bottom line is they were both tempted and enticed by strangers into  possibly having SEX.  Nothing has happened, but the mere thought of  infidelity (of SEX) drives these two people almost mad.  The mere talk of  Sex is a poison.<br />Later Cruise narrowly avoids having SEX with a  prostitute, with whom coupling could have meant death.<br />Cruise is almost  violently assaulted on the street when his SEX preference is  questioned.<br />At a costume shop, the owner uses his daughter's SEXual lure  to entrap two Japanese businessmen, and keep them locked up like common  criminals, begging for their freedom.  The result is again  entrapment...imprisonment.<br />Cruise's piano player friend admits into being  responsible for five boys (all his) on a piano player's salary; the result  of SEX with his wife, of course.<br />Finally, at the orgy, Cruise comes  within a hair's breadth of actually dying due to his SEXual curiosity.  The  people present are themselves obedient prisoners of the strict SEX orgy  ritual, not free to carouse and enjoy much of anything.  The orgy scene is  more like a grim sexual slave camp than a party.<br />Of course, most heart  wrenching is the eminent destruction of Cruise's relationship with his  wife, all due to the couple's obsession with each other's SEXual thoughts.   The point is well made.  We demand complete loyalty from our lovers, yet  neither is capable of translating this loyalty into complete emotional  dedication. Even in marriage we still desire others, that is the truth. A  truth so hurtful we never dare talk to our lovers about it.  Cruise and  Nicole make the mistake of believing themselves liberal enough to talk  freely about it, and in so doing, destroy themselves.<br />There is so much  subjection, secrecy and discipline in SEX.  These exist to counter the  fear, doubt and overpowering emotions  and the sheer danger of it.  Get rid  of the first group and the second group will eat you alive.<br />This was the  the real message of Eyes Wide Shut.
0553579908|4.0|Martin has written an excellent sequel to his first book, although it does  have its faults.  All of the characters that we love, and that we love to  hate are back in this sequel.  Although this is an excellent book, it does  take a while to get going, but once it does, look out.  Martin's style of  writing is vaguely remniscient of Jordan, in that, each chapter is taken  from the viewpoint of a different character.  Even though it does interrupt  the flow of the story sometimes, it makes you want to keep reading so that  you can get find out what happened to that character.<br />An excellent read.
B000002IM7|4.0|This CD rocks... plain and simple.  It has classic King's X material that  is even better live in concert.  If you like King's X, you have to own this  CD.
6303212263|5.0|I think this is the finest movie ever made in cinema history. No film has  ever or ever will touch my heart as much as this one. No film can be  compared to this. You cant honestly compare a silly film like XMen to this.  Its like comparing chalk to cheese. You can take away my home ,my car but  not my copy of Superman :The Movie
B00000IQMT|5.0|I've been a fan of John's work since I was a little kid and saw the first  StarWars in the theater. The music on the new film is no exception.  Beautiful string arrangements, excellent rhythms, complex counterpoint, and  opera vocals make up the massive soundscapes. My old keyboard player wrote  John Williams a letter when he was 13 years old and John wrote him back in  ink. I can't imagine getting a letter from John in the mailbox. He is truly  one of the greatest composers of all time!!
079213690X|5.0|I couldn't resist doing a brief review of Braveheart, a perpetual  favourite of mine that always leaves me inspired, regardless of how many  times I've watched it.  Most importantly, it leaves me pondering its  messages, characters and storyline well after James Horner's intense, final  score fades to silence.
0812550706|4.0|Endor's Game is one of the most famous works in the SF genre, and the most  famous of all of Card's work.  If you have ever read anything by Card and  liked it, you will probably enjoy Endor's Game.<br />If you have not ever read  a book by Orson Scott Card, or ambivalent about one that you read, you  should be aware that &quot;Ender's Game&quot; is definitely a book suited  for a young audience.  This does not mean that it cannot be enjoyed by  others, but children are very likely to enjoy it.  The entire book, or most  of it, is written in a third person perspective centered on Ender, the  title character.<br />Ender is a young child who is quite precocious.  He does  very well at games and much of the book is a detailing of his experience at  a training center.  Then he is requisitioned to work in a special training  program to help the humans against their alien aggressors.<br />The twist at  the end is not hard to see coming if you look for that sort of thing.  The  imagery is quite good.  No connoisier of SF has a complete background until  he reads this novel.
0380973634|5.0|This book provides it's reader a great deal of unusual characters and  scenarios like in &quot;Alice in wonderland&quot;, only not that cute.   Neil Gaiman creates an unreal world beneath our real world and does it  keeping balance, in the story, between both of them that gives the author  so many possibilities to write a story in wich the reader can not guess  what's gonna happen as he turns the pages of this incredible book.
0385484518|5.0|This book absolutly changed my outlook on life.  It is so easy to get  caught up in the challenges of marriage, careers and others expectations of  you.<br />Thank you for putting my outlook back into perspective!
6303855474|1.0|This film needed a different actor to star because Stallone accent is  difficult to understand. Even with the right actor it only gets a star. The  plot is silly. It is not in keeping with the comic book in many aspects.  There are numerous plotholes .
B000000W9Z|5.0|David bowie is always quite a few steps ahead of the pack. Outside  andBlack Tie/White Noise are my two favorites. Where does he come up with  these cool and &quot;out there&quot; hooks? Mike's one of my favorite piano  players of all time. I'm very jealous of anyone who was lucky enough to  hear the music he composed for the wedding! If you need to know where the  future of music is heading, just take a look at what David Bowie has been  up to for the last five years.
0380973464|5.0|Stephenson has always been a brilliant writer; in Cryptonomicon he handles  his most ambitious and serious work to date with aplomb. How do I start? I  read Cryptonomicon while I was travelling through Japan and Southeast Asia,  and Stephenson has definitely hit the nail on the head in describing the  people, the landscapes, and the atmosphere. It would also be easy to write  a review focusing on the depth of the technical details, the intricate  weaving of history and the present, perhaps even the imposing size of the  book itself.<br />However, every potential reader should know that this is a  very humorous book. It is one of the funniest novels I've ever read--that  rare book that doubles you over in the middle of the night laughing out  loud (to the dismay of your partner/roommate/neighbor). <br />Books like these  don't come by often, and I say with certainty that this book is worth a  5-star rating. After reading it, I immediately missed it--the heft of it,  the breadth of it, and the familiarity of it (again after all, it is 900  pages!). I urge you to give it a try.
0880381736|3.0|I will probably have to sleep with an extra rune of protection tonight  after giving a rating of just 3 stars to this novel, an act punishable by  being jailed with a kender for an hour (inside joke...you will understand  after reading the book).<br />The reasons for the rating are three:<br />This is  the first book, and the first book that the two co-authors wrote together.   There are some places where the newbie dancing partners stumbled on each  other's toes.<br />More importantly, the writing is not that great.  The  characters are too simple (and too IDIOTIC...I wonder how any band of  travelers who do some of the utterly stupid things some of the main  characters do could possibly survive).  Furthermore, the writing is a bit  simplistic.  HOWEVER, the actual story is _VERY_ good.  If you are looking  for a really good gift for a young child, one who might not be so annoyed  with poor characterixation and simplistic writing, then I would highly  recommend this book.  The overall story becomes quite long and involved.   Furthermore, any fantasy buff really should have read this saga.<br />If you  do choose to buy this, which I give my reserved recommendation towards, you  should probably simply buy the annotated chronicles, not because they are  annotated, but because they are reasonably price hardcover version.
0385484518|5.0|I've read this book three times now, and every time, I've cried.  It is  perfect for those people who have just suffered a loss of someone very  special to read, and for those who haven't.  I would recommend this book to  anyone with an open mind; and an open heart.
0440224764|4.0|This is the first John Grisham book that I have read and I really loved  it.  My mom has his whole collection and I will be asking her if I can  borrow, eventually, all of them.  I, like many of the other reviews, was  disappointed with the ending.  While I knew there was going to be a  surprise at the end and I wanted a surprise, this wasn't what I had in  mind.  I guess that makes it a true surprise, but still a disappointing  one.
079283321X|1.0|Stallones accent doesn't help either. Strange enough the sequels were far  better. The problem with this film is that it drags too much.
B000001FC0|5.0|I've been a fan of theirs since '85 when this record came out. I was  dancing at Ground Zero and heard a killer remix of Mother's Talk which took  me by suprise. Every cut on this album is amazing. I saw them 10 years  after this record came out at First Ave and the songs sounded even better  live.
B0000009TK|5.0|It took until 1988 for Frank Zappa to assemble a group talented enough to  do his music justice. For the serious music student the two discs here as  well as the other three generated on this tour (Broadway the Hard Way, The  Best Band You Never Heard) are essential listening. With little doubt Zappa  will be considered the most important composer of the second half of the  twentieth century. The 1988 incantation of his music is Zappa at his very  best.
B0000021RD|5.0|After the awesome debut of &quot;Chicago Transit Authority&quot;, Chicago  released a followup that's possibly better than the first album.  I do  agree that they shouldn't have edited the &quot;Ballet for a Girl from  Buchannon&quot; into separate singles. It is meant to be heard as a whole.  It is a tour-de-force for songwriter James Pankow, who was never really  given a chance to write an entire side again. Too bad.<br />Terry Kath also  gets a chance to shine on this album, with his own side of material, a  pretty instrumental medley that is quite uncharacteristic of him. It shows  his incredible range.<br />Most people think that Chicago steers in the wrong  direction after this album. I think they got even better when left to  change and experiment and that's what made them a top band of the 70s.  After the awesome achievement of &quot;VII&quot;, they started to slump,  although there are many fine moments in &quot;VIII&quot;, and  &quot;X&quot;. Despite some flickers of greatness here and there, most of  their post-10 works are dreck. <br />Fortunately, the early albums survive on  CD.
0671034065|4.0|This was a much improved version of the new Linda Howard.  I suppose I use  the phrase new since she has changed her style quite a bit from the style  she used in &quot;After the Night&quot;, &quot;Shades of Twilight,&quot;  and others.  I was very disappointed in the last book, &quot;All the Queens  Men.&quot;  This is a reluctant return to the style she made famous in her  other books, but it is a very good read for the summer.  The hero and  heroine are much more beliveable as characters.  The hero reminded me of  the hero in &quot;Dream Man.&quot;  Although, he was not as easy to like as  the hero in &quot;Dream Man.&quot;<br />I will continue to hold out hope that  eventually she will write another book like &quot;After the Night.&quot;   To date that has been her best book for me.  I own every book she's ever  had published.  Some are the original paperbacks.  At least this time I did  not feel as if I had wasted $25. as I did when I finished reading &quot;All  the Queen's Men.&quot;  I still don't understand that title.
0767834976|5.0|This is one of those films that you just have to watch.Excellent humour,  tons of action and fighting. What more could an Arnie fan want.  Schwarzenegger is great in this film. He shows us how different the movie  world is from the real world. This is something that hasn't been done  before.<br />I hope they make a sequel to this.
0517122707|5.0|As if there weren't enough reviews of this book, I'll add mine: In a word,  wonderful. The &quot;protagonist&quot; is one Ignatius J. Reilly, a fat,  pompus windbag who is over-educated, but refuses to work, preferring to  stay home and drive his mother nuts while writing his never-ending treastie  on the awfulness of the modern world -- &quot;modern&quot; meaning anything  since early Medieval times! Thanks to his mother running into a building  while under the influence, Ignacious has to go to work. You can just about  imagine the kind of worker he is, versus the kind of worker he really is!  You wouldn't want to leave this guy alone with a typewriter, or even a  hot-dog cart, for a minute.<br />John Kennedy Toole does not just depict  Ignatius's delusions, but brilliantly depicts everyone else's delusions,  too. His novel shows us that none of us operate in a concrete reality --  our perceptions are deluded because of our beliefs, worldview, past  experiences, etc. This book should be assigned, or at least recommended,  reading for any college course dealing with post-Modern thought.
0553579908|5.0|In clash of kings Manrtin continue to explore the spellbinding kingdom.As  the long winter getting closer and the sky beinglit by a strange comet the  lord  continue to explore the spellbinding kingdom.As the long winter  getting closer and the sky beinglit by a strange comet the lords still  trying to control the dividied kingdom. This world is one of the best  fantasy worlds ever created ,and can be only copmperd to Robert Jordan  &quot;Wheel of Time&quot; .The characters are realistic so you feel close  to them like you been in all the event as one of the story.you'll never  know what is going to happend next as the plot continue to evolved in the  game of throne . By the time you'll finish this book you won't be able to  wait to the next book in the series
B00004TLMC|1.0|What a fitting title for this load of crap....162 minutes of pure  torture.<br />I might be the biggest Kubrick fan..I even liked his minor  second film &quot;Killer's Kiss&quot;. I know for sure that if he hadn't  died, Kubrick would have tinkered with the editing. He did the same with  both 2001 and Dr. Strangelove. <br />If you're watching this for sex, you're  going to be disappointed. There is nudity, but it's so joyless.<br />If only  Harvey Keitel hadn't had a conflict in his schedule...he might have been  able to salvage it. Instead, we got Sydney Pollack, who can be a good actor  at times (see &quot;Husbands and Wives&quot; and &quot;Tootsie&quot;), but  just seems out of place in this film. <br />I know for a fact that Tom Cruise  is a great actor, but even I was wondering if I was wrong. (I wasn't. He  was sensational in &quot;Magnolia&quot;)<br />&quot;Barry Lyndon&quot; runs  almost 3 1/2 hours, yet it seems shorter. The long take technique really  doesn't cut it here. <br />Larry Smith's photography is the only good thing in  this film. Too bad it wasn't in another film. <br />One star is too generous.  I'd give it minus 100 stars if I could.  It'd be the worst film of the  year, but &quot;Deuce Bigelow&quot; is in a league by itself. <br />Let me  know what u think. I can be found at wtreadway@hotmail.com
B00004U8H4|2.0|This film was like a very bad made-for-cable movie. There was no plot, and  when you think you have a chance of figuring out what is going on, the end  comes, and you have no idea of what just happened. Christian Bale is  normally a good actor, but in this movie he is a really bad over-actor. The  only reason this is getting 2 stars instead of 1 are the visuals. Aside  from the plot and the acting, the film is the definition of surreal. When  else are you going to see a nail gun pointed at the back of a woman's head  or a prostitute being chased by a naked guy with a chainsaw. That's about  all the movie is about, folks. If your feel like wasting time and money,  rent (or buy) it, but I'd just wait for cable.
6305648522|5.0|Like many people I've seen this film countless times, and each time I end  up blubbering by the end of it. A valentine to the movies, &quot;Cinema  Paradiso&quot; tells the story of Toto, a boy in the small Italian village  of Giancarlo, who is fascinated with the movies. This is long before  televisions and vcrs.This was when movie going was an event to be cherished  and savored.  Much of the film centers on his friendship with the older  Alfredo,(a heartbreaking Philippe Noiret) who runs the projector. But more  than that it is a sweeping romance, and a bittersweet story of letting go  of our past and moving towards the future. Its setting and characters will  transport you for two magical hours and you'll feel like you've just spent  time with old friends. My only beef with the DVD version of the film is  that in the credits they've removed a scene. Elena, Toto's girlfriend in  the film is shown in the final moments of the credits as an older woman. A  scene that was obviously cut from the final print of the film. Toto turns,  the camera cuts to her turning, their eyes lock, and the credits end. The  DVD fades out before we see her. I don't know who's decision it was, HBO's  or the director, but it's too bad because it was a neat tag for those  people who stay through the credits till the end. Still, a must have movie  for collectors.
B000002OMN|4.0|I have to really do a better review later because right now emotion  overcomes me and writer's block sets in, subsequently.  However, I have to  say that I must have been in a coma in the 70's and early 80's not to have  discovered Meat Loaf until now.  The CD &quot;Bat Out Of Hell 11 (2)&quot;  is absolutely great and I wish I could expound on the individual songs.   Meat's voice is winsome, the lyrics are awesome.
B000003TAR|5.0|This album is just as good as Nevermind in my opinion. It's alot more  crazier this time though. Every song gives me goosebumps when i listen to  it. The best thing about are the awesome guitar and touchy lyrics. Best  tracks ALL OF THEM. Here are a few. Serve the Servants, Scentless  apprentice, Rape Me, Heart-shaped box(cool video), dumb, Milk it.  Tourette's and All apoligies are my two favorite off the album.
B00003CXCS|5.0|i'm not going to write about the movie itself, most everyone has seen it  and loved it. i must say though that this DVD version is excellent! by far  the best DVD i own, (granted i don't own many at this time, but that's to  change).  the extras are well worth any price to own.
0140282033|5.0|Chocolat is a bit like that really good dark chocolate you only get in  expensive shops. Smooth and rich with a sharp bite. The book is  reminescient of many South American Novels with is depiction of food, smell  and taste as some of the central characters. A grown-up fairytale, anyone  could find magic in it. Read it curled up on the sofa with a really good  mug of hot chocolate.
B000002TQB|5.0|Blur is just a few talented guys with alot of amazing ideas that were  magically brought together and have been pleasing the world with their  sounds and british flavor ever since.  This cd has everything from hyper  rocking out songs to ballads to catchy pop tunes.  Magic America is an  incredible song that &quot;puts a hurtin'&quot; on your ears.  I recommend  this cd to anyone!  Even my parents liked it!
B00004TFK3|5.0|The movie was awesome.  I have it on VHS.  But when I put it in my DVD  Player and surround system with the 5.1 hookup, it blew me away.  The  acting was great.  Tommy Lee Jones and Will Smith really played off of each  other very well.  Tommy casting as the straight guy was pure genius.  The  colors are fabulous. The special effects was mind blowing. This movie  translated very well unto the DVD format.  I thoroughly recommend it.
B000002GFT|5.0|1969..... It was an incredible year for Rock music as it was moving now  farther ahead, incorporating other styles into it. Led Zeppelin was giving  us our first dose of the heavy sound, King Crimson gave birth to  progressive Rock, while The Doors and the Jefferson Airplane and Hendrix  were at their best. On a much more subdued, though equally important front,  was Fairport. They first emerged in 67 with a style not far removed from  the Airplane, but with the arrival of Sandy Denny on their second album,  took on a much more folkier sound. This sound was refined more towards an  electrified traditional sound and by 1969, the band decided to do something  that was nearly all just that. The result is &quot;Liege And Lief&quot; and  it is pure magic. 31 years have not dated it at all. 5 of the 8 pieces here  are traditional. The 2 songs written by Richard Thompson  (&quot;Farewell,Farewell&quot; and &quot;Crazy Man Michael&quot;) are as  compelling as the old folk songs. Sandy Denny's voice is spellbinding, and  the jig medley lets one know just how well accomplished these folks were at  such a young age. This is a must have for any serious collector of music  that crosses genres and creates something unto itself. Denny was to leave  not long afterward. She wanted to concentrate less on reworkings of  traditional songs and refine her own more modern sound. It's really quite  ironic, because it was she who first introduced the band to the old folk  songs. She figured it would be a one time deal and they would move on to  write more on their own while not completely abandoning their Celtic folk  roots. The band opted to keep with the approach of this recording and after  another year or so, lost Richard Thompson for pretty much the same reason.  They never were to have the songwriting power that was Thompson and Denny,  save for a reunion with Denny in 74 and 75 for &quot;Live Covention&quot;  which is nothing short of astonsihing and &quot;Rising For The Moon&quot;which contains a few great songs by Denny and some forgettable songs by  Dave Swarbrick.
0380973464|5.0|This is an extraordinary book. 100 pages in, I found myself regretting it  is *only* 900 pages long. It's filled to the brim with puzzles, insights,  mathematical formulas, etc. The characters are vividly realized. There are  some incredibly funny situations and events, and Stephenson manages to tell  two separate stories in two separate times (WWII and Now) which intertwine  and bounce off of each-other without being too confusing or difficult. If  you work with computers or the Internet, this book points you to THE NEXT  BIG THING. Warning: the content could be confusing at times for those  unfamiliar with computers or the internet, though even taken as an  adventure story, it's great good fun.
B00004SCX6|1.0|Plastic headed Britney is what we call a Pop Tart.  She's got looks, but  her music is trite and she can't even sing for her supper.  I absolutely  hate her &quot;Baby, One More Time&quot; and I haven't heard anything else  that I like by her.  I'd rather hear bulldozers than Britney.  Britney  doesn't sound half as good as my friend's basset hound, Dixie.  When Dixie  throws back her head and bays, she keeps better time and sounds better than  Britney ever did.  Tell Britney to leave singing to the big girls like  Mariah Carey and Selena. They are real talents.
6305807086|5.0|Widen your horizons! See this amazing film! <br />It's funny, off-beat,  touching, thought-provoking... altogether one of the must-see films of the  year. There's no way you won't enjoy it.
0345423496|1.0|When I first saw the adverising for this book it said &quot;what really  happened to Dave Bowman and HAL, and what are those monoliths?&quot;. But  all those things were explained in 2010, so there was no need for any more  sequels. <br />In 2061 nothing really happened, but at least it was an odyssey  (because odyssey means a long journey, like the journeys in the first three  books). 3001 is not an odyssey at all. Poole just hangs around on Earth  most of the time, then he makes a quick travel to Jupiter's moons (which  takes about two pages of the book, and therefore it's not an odyssey), and  then the stupid ending takes place.<br />All the inconsistencies and bunch of  other very stupid stuff are explained by most of the other reviewers, so  I'm just gonna say that just like 2061, this one is totally unnecesarry,  and is obviously made just for money. <br />Stick to the first two books, and  also see the two movies. You don't need anything else.
0553213105|5.0|Loved it. Gave me bags under my eyes, staying up late to read just one  more chapter. I would highly recommend it to anyone that  wants to feel  gitty about a book.
B000002UAR|1.0|Song by song i found the album very,very poor.<br />Taxman -  multi-millionaires whining about their taxbill. Unbecoming.<br />Love you to,  I want to tell you - truly horrific peice of mid-sixties nonsense. I want  to tell you is physically painful to listen to. Both these songs lack any  merit whatsoever.<br />Good morning sunshine - sounds like the cheesiest  cornflakes jingle ever written<br />Yellow submarine - If you are under 5 you  may like this song.<br />She said, And your bird can sing, Dr Robert -  Pointless. Three poor guitar riffs set to dire melodies and lyrical  fluff.<br />Here there and everywhere, For no one - Paul Mcartney at his  sickly sweet best. Cloying and profoundly annoying.<br />Eleanor Rigby,  Tomorrow never knows - The two songs that made the albums reputation.  Eleanor Rigby deserves the albums one star review whilst The Beatles  attempt at avant garde on Tomorrow never knows ends in an embarrassing  sell-out of corny pianos almost apologising for their &quot;daring&quot;  venture outside the world of pre-teen bubblegum pop.<br />I would recomend  you steer well clear of this dreadful album.
B00000J7S8|5.0|Supreme voice and piano. I first heard Diana Krall on a Saturday afternoon  PBS radio show called &quot;Praire Home Companion&quot; in which she sang  &quot;I don't stand a Ghost of a Chance with you&quot; from her Love Scenes  CD and I was so impressed. We went out and bought that CD that day. Since  then we have bought all of her CD's and have seen her perform. Diana Krall  is one of the best jazz performers I have ever had the privilage to hear. I  highly recommend the CD When I Look Into Your Eyes; it is wonderful!  And I  recommend ALL Diana Krall Cd's available. We listen to her Cd's every night  during dinner.
0553579908|5.0|This book continues this excellent series.  I picked up the two books in  this series, hoping to pass the time while the next installment of the  Wheel of Time series comes out.  Now I can't for the next book in this  series to come out!  The author does an excellent job keeping the plot  interesting and with the way the chapters are setup, the reader gets to  know the characters intimatley.
B000002UUX|5.0|For those of you youngsters listening to the &quot;new wave&quot; of metal  take a look back at the masters.  For those of you into mid-70's prog  rock...(i.e. Mahavishnu Orchestra or Billy Cobham's Spectrum).  This is the  darker, heavier equivalent. And lastly, for all of those people that just  genuinely enjoy meticulous musical virtuosity, this is the paramount heavy  album.       Rust in Peace was the result of Dave Mustaine and Dave Elfeson  kicking their respective heroine addictions and revamping the bands line up  to include Marty Friedman on guitar (a solo virtuoso in his own right) and  drummer Nick Menza (son of jazz musician Don Menza).  The result is the  consumate speed metal album.  It bristles with virtuosity, and rage...It is  an album born from what all great albums are born from....The band had  something to prove.  Just as Led Zepplin did in the 70's and Guns and Roses  did in the 80's (Appetite for Destruction), Megadeth did in the early 90's.   It is simply th best of the best.
0783225210|4.0|&quot;1941&quot; is not a simple farce, but a hilarious, carefully  constructed, and well-targeted screwball comedy. The Seventies were short  on these -- &quot;What's Up, Doc?&quot; comes to mind, but almost nothing  else. Steven Spielberg really did bake a comic souffle, with almost every  &quot;SNL&quot; and &quot;SCTV&quot; veteran and character actor he could  find to keep it lively.<br />You couldn't tell that any of this was coherently  told, though, until now. The widescreen VHS (and DVD) versions add 26  minutes of footage, and it all is worth watching. It turns what others have  called a mere &quot;scream-fest&quot; into its own demented, alternate  world-for-a-day, hemmed in by comic paranoia.<br />Other reviews have noted  that this story took from historical events, such as an actual appearance  of a Japanese sub, and the &quot;zoot suit&quot; riots of the following  year. But what hasn't been noted are the comic rhythms that Spielberg was  trying to use. They simply weren't visible until now.<br />Not only does the  restored version put back over 20 minutes of one of John Williams's  wittiest scores, but several items that were repeated throughout the film  get those repetitions back. This makes all the difference for comic effect.  The earlier video version was funny, but left you tired. This one, though,  leaves you wrung out from being swept up in it ... and that's a much more  satisfying feeling.<br />Here are some of the items that gain comic brilliance  through many more witty and well-placed repetitions, only now restored in  this director's cut:<br />&quot;If there's one thing I can't stand, it's  Americans fighting Americans.&quot; ~ &quot;I hate eggs.&quot; ~ The RKO  Pictures talent scout. ~ &quot;Just a case of war nerves.&quot; ~ The two  USO girls' manhunting. ~ &quot;This will NEVER work.&quot; ~ White vs.  black on the tank crew (not that pleasant to see, but historically  accurate, and damn funny). ~ &quot;Dumbo,&quot; adjective and film. ~  &quot;Deep in the Heart of Texas,&quot; sung (!) by John Belushi at  hilarious moments (and kept out of the video until now due to copyright  problems).<br />Some scenes and characters only make sense with the added  footage:<br />Wally, the zoot-suiter, hiding in the rafters of the garage, a  perfectly built &quot;topper&quot; gag. ~ Why the zoot-suiters are around  that night, for that matter. ~ Wally being &quot;other side of the  tracks&quot; and proving himself in battle on Hollywood Boulevard. ~ Cpl.  Sitarsky's easily triggered rage. ~ The tank crew, again. ~  Beginning-and-ending gags about &quot;tearing out some walls.&quot; ~ How  and why the two Civil Defense guys on the ferris wheel drive each other  crazy. ~ Tim Matheson's airborne seduction.<br />It isn't the same film that  had appeared before on video, that's all there is to it. The night-and-day  difference in repeated comic elements, alone, is worth five stars. I only  deduct one for the same thing that drove me crazy in the theater 20 years  ago: Too many explosions!lm. ~  &quot;Deep in the Heart of Texas,&quot; sung (!) by John Belushi at  hilarious moments (and kept out of the video until now due to copyright  problems).<br />Some scenes and characters only make sense with the added  footage:<br />Wally, the zoot-suiter, hiding in the rafters of the garage, a  perfectly built &quot;topper&quot; gag. ~ Why the zoot-suiters are around  that night, for that matter. ~ Wally being &quot;other side of the  tracks&quot; and proving himself in battle on Hollywood Boulevard. ~ Cpl.  Sitarsky's easily triggered rage. ~ The tank crew, again. ~  Beginning-and-ending gags about &quot;tearing out some walls.&quot; ~ How  and why the two Civil Defense guys on the ferris wheel drive each other  crazy. ~ Tim Matheson's airborne seduction.<br />It isn't the same film that  had appeared before on video, that's all there is to it. The night-and-day  difference in repeated comic elements, alone, is worth five stars. I only  deduct one for the same thing that drove me crazy in the theater 20 years  ago: Too many explosions!
1573225517|5.0|Looking on the book cover, I realised that the first time I read High  Fidelity was exactly 3 years ago...has it been that long? anyway, when I  heard that a movie based on High Fidelity was coming out, I pulled it off  the shelf again, &amp; managed to spend 2 more laugh-filled days with Rob,  Laura, &amp; especially Dick &amp; Barry. And of course, all the time I was  reading, it was as if I had the radio tuned on to some old, really cool,  rock radio station. At some point I actually put Bruce Springsteen on the  cd player, which provided the perfect background music for the book.<br />So,  to put it in a nutshell: High Fidelity a) makes you laugh out loud &amp; b)  has a lot to do with music. Rob is the narrator, a kind of nice guy,  drifting on &amp; on in a job as the owner of a small, dusty record shop in  London. With him, in the shop, are 2 other people that work there, Dick  &amp; Barry. People who know more about second hand records, bootlegs &amp;  obscure little rock bands, than they do about what's going on right next to  them. As for Rob, he's kind of disillusioned, he has an enormous record  collection, is not though as far gone with music as Dick &amp; Barry...and  has just broken up, after 3 years, with Laura. She has just moved out,  actually. The rest you'll read about.  High Fidelity is just this: an  ordinary story of an ordinary guy. But it's extremely funny, extremely  well-written, and...well, it makes you think you're listening to music in  your head even when the radio is not on. I, for one, ran to the cd player  &amp; dug out  one of my oldest Bruce records, which I hadn't listened to  for ages. High Fidelity surely will  make you feel nostalgic &amp; a little  sentimental about your favourite music. You'll also find yourself somewhere  in its pages. And, last but not least, you'll laugh out loud, &amp; not  just once, but lots of times. Those are the reasons I loved High Fidelity  the first time round, &amp; that's why I loved it again now, 3 years later.
038533348X|4.0|Using his trademark gruff, farcical voice, Vonnegut has written another  brilliant novel proclaiming disdain for war, nations, horror, science,  religion and all the other absurdities of mankind.  Cat's Cradle is a  clever, humorous Cold War satire involving an obscure Caribbean island, a  religious philosopher named Bokonon, and an apocalyptic substance called  \\"ice nine.\\"<br />I especially enjoyed tidbits of Bokonist philosophy sprinkled  throughout the book.  For example, the Bokonist term, karass, refers to the  teams that all of humanity is unknowingly organized into to do God's will.   People in the same karass participate to help each other achieve cosmic  goals-all perfectly unwittingly.  And there's granfalloons, which are false  karasses created by people themselves, and which are meaningless.  Examples  of granfalloons are, according to Vonnegut, \\"the Communist Party, the  Daughters of the American Revolution, the General Electric Company, the  International Order of Oddfellows-and any nation, anytime,  anywhere.\\"<br />While the narrative is broken up into staccato chapters  containing references to future events, the book mainly follows a standard  timeline-basically, from beginning to end-unlike his most sophisticated and  emotionally charged book, Slaughterhouse Five.  Nevertheless, while not on  a par with Slaughterhouse Five, Cat's Cradle is an enjoyable romp into  Vonnegut's colorful imagination and worth a read.
0780020685|5.0|Sure, other DVDs boast better restoration or spiffier sound.  But this is  by far the best of the 100 or so I've seen.  Why?  Not only is the movie  itself one of the best films ever made (watching it is like getting a  subconscious lesson in how to direct a film) but the second audio track  featuring a very knowledgeable film historian is insightful and  fascinating.  Seven Samurai is a must-own for any true film lover.
B00004THDI|5.0|SACD stands for Super Audio Compact Disc.  It is a format developed by  Sony for extremely high-fidelity recording and playback of music.  It uses  an entirely different way to encode music onto a disc than compact disc  audio and thus cannot be read by a 'normal' compact disc player.  For more  information, you may go to Sony's website at [...] and search for  SACD.
B00003CXGP|1.0|I saw this flick in the theater. It sucks. Really. I am usually able to  find the value in a movie, but this one missed me. Maybe it is because I  found the '80's to be little bit empty artistically to begin with, but this  movie really blows.<br />I think you are better off with Taxi Driver for that  urban angst.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|This album is the best cd I have ever heard for many reasons. First of  all, Darren's voice is spectacular. His range and strength beat most other  pop singers. Also, this cd has a wide variety of songs, from upbeat to sad  and moving. Each song stays in your mind and gives you alot to think about.  While some of them have more sad tones, they're still very catchy. Daniel's  amazing musical talents are revealed through the many instruments he plays  which add a great deal of emotion to the songs (especially on the guitar).  My favorite song on this album is Crash and Burn,which is very reassuring  in context. SO MANY PEOPLE would agree with me on this: Savage Garden  deserves much credit for their work!!
B00004Y635|4.0|I loved the original Scream the best, but once in a great while are the sequal and trilogy the better! This movie was GREAT and it has a  unsuspecting twist @ the end! I'm SO glad that they didn't change all the  great actors and actress in this movie! They were all VERY GREAT,  ACOMPLISHED, CELEBRATIES! Neve Campbell is without a dout THE best Actress  in the world! I also think that it is SSSSSSSSSOOOOOOOOOO sweet that David  and Courtney met on the set of scream, fell in love and were married before  the trilogy! I can't wait for it to be avillable to own Oct. 27th! I know I  rush and buy it a.s.a.p.! You HAVE TO SEE IT... YOUR IN FOR A SCREAM!
B00003CX95|5.0|The long-awaited DVD edition of Braveheart is finally on store shelves,  and now you can experience all the splendor and magic of this movie in a  totally new and innovative way. The viewer is almost immediately immersed  in the true colors of the beautiful vistas (not to mention all the blood),  which is nothing short of a victory over the older VHS versions of the  film. Although most of the scenes are crisp and clear, there are a few in  which the image quality does tend to exhibit a rather grainy appearance,  but again, these instances are few. Sound quality on the DVD is superb,  measuring far above that of VHS. Bass extension is much deeper, and much  more clean and natural sounding. The surround channels are used with vivid  detail, mostly in the battle scenes and when the musical score wraps into  the story. Paramount has done a fine job displaying one of its finest films  in the best possible viewing method, and I recommend the DVD to all who  enjoy this movie and wish to treasure it forever.
B000020617|2.0|Maybe it's just me, be this album is somewhat disappointing. What I really  miss, is the feeling of daze that its predecessor left with me. The  spontaneous, edgy, surprising element is gone, unlike 'The Colour &amp; The  Shape'. Most of the songs are rather sweet, it just sounds to mainstream to  me. Sure, there are some good tracks on it, like Break Out, Generator, and  Learn To Fly. But on the whole, this CD does NOT live up to the  expectations its predecessor left us with...
6305903182|3.0|&quot;Scream&quot; and &quot;Scream 2&quot; shamelessly satirized the horror movie genre in a stylish and popular fashion, but the same cannot be said for &quot;Scream 3,&quot; the final chapter in the trilogy of films. The same style and humorous fashion of the first two films is present in &quot;3,&quot; but the movie doesn't have the same element of satire. What it does have is an impressively suspenseful story with a likeable cast, even if its not as involving. <br />The plot is basically the same with a few new characters and situations thrown in: someone is out to find the location of Sidney Prescott, who has been in hiding for quite some time. Cotton Weary's brutal murder is a message to the fearful Sidney, who is quick to disregard it as having anything to do with her, but when people begin disappearing off the set of &quot;Stab 3,&quot; the third in a trilogy of movies about the Woodsboro murders, she begins to take notice. <br />And so does Gale Weathers, the news reporter who stops at nothing to get her story. She meets up with Detective Kinkaid, who uses her as a source for information. With her new legal loophole of investigation, Gale begins her investigation, running into Dewey, who is now working on the set of the now-suspicious slasher movie, as well as many other zany actors. <br />The mystery surrounding the murders? Photographs of Sidney's mother are being left at the scene of each crime, photos that lead our group to believe that she may have been an actress. As the clues become more clearer, Sidney will have to face her past, and an unlikely opponent who has some close ties to her. <br />Some pretty good material here, with fingers pointing every which way at each character. The movie ups the ante by involving more people in the plot, so that the identity of the killer will be a secret until the climax. It places Dewey on the set of the movie, along with the obviously suspicious actors, and even some of the police force come into play as possible murderers. <br />But, as the movie starts knocking off people one by one, the possibilities become numbered, and that's when the puzzles begin to get harder. The movie throws clues and evidence our way so many times that when the final answer hits us, it's like a brick wall because its was so blatantly obvious. It's one of those mysteries that keeps us thinking, and then has us kicking ourselves for being so blind. <br />But, for all its well-crafted mysteries, &quot;Scream 3&quot; doesn't have the same play on the horror genre as its sister films. The two previous outings played on all the old-school teen horror tactics used in films like &quot;Halloween&quot; and &quot;Friday the 13th,&quot; with characters spouting off dialogue about the rules of horror movies and sequels. Here, all we get is a videotape of Randy, who gives us a few rules that never leave a lasting impression. They just don't have the same effect on us here as they did before. <br />Even still, the closing film in the &quot;Scream&quot; trilogy is an admirable achievement, a well-crafted thriller that takes some very nice twists and turns before revealing its true colors. It doesn't live up to the first two films, but it's quite a ride!
B00004U3UG|1.0|I watched this entire DVD in utter disbelief of how washed-out and grainy  the video quality was in comparison to the &quot;original&quot; DVD  release. The five deleted scenes included on this DVD look worse than the  Zapruder film, and it's a shame... a few of them would have been worthwhile  additions to the movie.  While it was nice to finally see the &quot;Rip van  Winkle&quot; alternate ending, the &quot;S-Mart&quot; ending is not  included anywhere on the DVD. For any Evil Dead/Bruce Campbell fan, this  DVD is a severe disappointment.
068484267X|4.0|This book is definitely worth reading.  The tone is similar to 'Life is  Beautiful' - poignant.  It's a great talent to be able to recount a sad,  perhaps bittersweet, childhood with a sense of humour and yet that's what  Frank McCourt is able to do.  He is able to take you into the past with  him.  You can hear the accents (especially when it's set in his early  childhood in Brooklyn, NY), almost smell the scents, both pleasant and  unpleasant, and see the surroundings.  He paints an interesting picture of  his family.  Though he honestly recounts his father's alcoholism he does so  without judgement - he merely states the facts.  When his father basically  abandons the family he just simply disappears from the storyline without  Frank McCourt expounding any further.  Yet at times through the memoir I  laughed so hard that tears came to my eyes.  Closer to the end of the book  you can sense a change of pace.  There's a certain loss of innocence with  the discovery of the opposite sex and what it can lead to.  But all in all  a very good read.  It was so engrossing I finished it in one day.  I look  forward to seeing the video though I can sense it won't be as good as the  book.  And now I anticipate reading 'Tis to follow the travails of Mr  McCourt while he starts anew in America.
B00003CX95|5.0|Braveheart is without a doubt one of the best movies ever made.  Mel  Gibson is an amazing director and an amazing actor.  I was so moved my this  film.  Words can't even describe how excellent this movie really is.  Buy  it buy it buy it!!!
B00003CWPR|5.0|Stanley Kubrick's final movie is a dream-like surealistic odissey about  the differences in the sexual desires of men and women, and their places in  the world and society. Brilliantly done, with some of the best  cinematography i've seen, but what stands above everything are the  performances of Cruise and Kidman, topping every work they have done  before.
B000000OSE|5.0|I just want to say that GN'R is the best, no one can hold a candle to  them....this is a great album though, only three songs weren't my favorite.
6305041156|4.0|I strongly agree with those who were as disappointed that the quality of  the digital transfer did not match the greatness of this film.  It was a  big turnoff.  I remember so clearly what it looked and sounded like on the  big screen.  This wasn't even close!
B000000OMJ|5.0|Peter Gabriel's 3rd album is not a happy piece of music.  The themes of  the individual songs read like a catalog of the horrors of modern life.  There's a song about rape (&quot;Intruder&quot;)  political assassination  (&quot;Family Snapshot&quot;) conformity (&quot;Not One of Us&quot;)  insanity (&quot;Lead a Normal Life&quot;) and the beating death of a South  African poet (&quot;Biko&quot;).  The music is as powerful as it is bleak,  and at times can be quite exhilerating despite the subject matter.  After  his 1986 album &quot;So,&quot; this is Peter Gabriel's best work.
B000003TA4|5.0|Labels and hype aside, Nevermind is without a shadow of a doubt the best  Grunge album ever written, and one of the best rock albums of all time. Not  since The Doors debut album has such a groundbreaking and revolutionary  album been released. The whole mood of Nevermind is so dark and lush.  Kurt's voice draws you into the music like no other singer could.<br />Yes, it  has &quot;The Best Song Of The 90's&quot; on it, &quot;Smells Like Teen  Spirit&quot;, which is a great starter for the album. &quot;In Bloom&quot;  is a similar style song, with meaningful lyrics. &quot;Come As You  Are&quot; is an amazing and hypnotic song, managing to depress you as much  as it puts you in awe. &quot;Lithium&quot; and &quot;Polly&quot; are two  other great moody melodic slow songs. &quot;Breed&quot;, &quot;Territorial  Pissings&quot;, and &quot;Stay Away&quot; are all great Teen Spirit-like  songs...angry and raw, which might bring back memories from Bleach.<br />The  album closes on a very moving note, &quot;Something In The Way&quot;, a  slow acoustic ballad in which Kurt talks about his experience living under  a bridge and being homeless. Such a moving and emotional ending to an album  hasn't been done since &quot;The End&quot; by The Doors, but was later  outdone by &quot;Hurt&quot; by Nine Inch Nails. Nonetheless, Nevermind is  certainly an essential in everyone's music library. And everyone knows that  it's THAT good already, so my recommendation and hype regarding it  shouldn't matter very much.
B000000OSW|4.0|Though not nearly as good as the nearly flawles album &quot;So&quot; for  which it served as a follow-up, &quot;Us&quot; still contains plenty of  great Peter Gabriel performances.  That it is also his last pop oriented  album having been released eight years ago is cause for lament.  The best  tracks are &quot;Come Talk to Me,&quot; &quot;Steam,&quot; &quot;Digging in  the Dirt&quot; and &quot;Kiss That Frog,&quot; while the rest of the album  is fairly solid as well.  The album really lacks only peaks as high as  &quot;Sledgehammer&quot; and &quot;In Your Eyes&quot; from &quot;So.&quot;  Overall, a very satisfying album for Gabriel fans.
B000002I25|5.0|The Doors very first album was their best one, in my opinion. Nevermind by  Nirvana aside, this album was probably the most groundbreaking Rock album  ever. Not only will each song never grow old, but each of them are classics  in their own rights. My personal favorite, &quot;The Crystal Ship&quot;,  will go down in the books...it hit me like no other song hit me  before.<br />All I can say is that it's a shame I wasn't around in 1967, and  by the time I really got into music Jim Morrison was already gone, rest in  peace. But I'm extremely thankful that I can still enjoy his music. This is  a must have in every music fan's library. Even though The Doors are  considered &quot;Oldies&quot; in this day and age, this album refuses to  grow old on me or get the slightest bit stale. I bow down to Jim Morrison.
B000000OPU|5.0|Peter Gabriel hit his creative and commercial peak with &quot;So,&quot;  the rare smash album that is as good as it was popular.  &quot;Sledgehammer&quot; was a huge dance hit (and great video)and was  followed up the charts by the superb ballad &quot;In Your Eyes,&quot; as  well as by &quot;Red Rain,&quot; &quot;Mercy Street&quot; and &quot;Big  Time.&quot;  All the other songs are strong as well.  The only unfortunate  thing about &quot;So&quot; is the realization that Peter Gabriel has  released only one other pop oriented album (&quot;Us&quot;) in the fourteen  years since.
B00000K19E|5.0|This movie was created for a DVD player. The story..... Keanu Reeves is  NEO, a premier computer hacker looking for the ultimate hacker, Morpheus.  He knows that Morpheus holds the key to the computer myth of the Matrix.   Little does he know that realizing just what the Matrix is will destroy his  perception of reality as he knows it.<br />The movie....outstanding. Killer  special effects with a clarity that jump off of your T.V..  Sound that  jumps from your surround speakers. A high tempo soundtrack that gets your  pulse kicked into overdrive.  The fight scenes are surreal. The computer  effects are so fluid, you catch yourself gasping at how real it all  seems.<br />The cast is put together nicely.  Keanu doesnt exactly flex his  acting muscles and Lawrence Fishburn is a little too serious,(He at times  seems like he is narrating a documentary). But this isnt Shakespeare so  their performances do not detract from the overall  enjoyablility of the  movie.<br />The DVD comes with the extras that make it worth a couple of extra  bucks....but they kept the price low anyway!!!.  If you are a science  fiction fan or a fan of the DVD experience, this film is a MUST have.  I  cant wait for the sequel.
B000002LSV|4.0|This album contains all the ZZ Top material most casual fans will ever  need to hear.  Concentrating as it does on their 1979-1986 heyday, it  includes just about everything you'll ever hear on the radio (or on MTV)  from the Little Ol' Band from Texas.  In fact, only two fairly horrible new  songs, &quot;Gun Love&quot; and a miserable by-rote cover of &quot;Viva Las  Vegas&quot; keep the album from being a perfect anthology.  This is a good  place to start your ZZ Top collection.
B00000IAU3|5.0|Dido is the best cd to come along by a female artist in awhile. It's one  of those albums you can just let play til the end. I first saw Dido in  Chicago when they opened up for Bare Naked Ladies. I bought the CD before I  left and listened to it on the way home. 'Thank You' is my favorite on the  disc. It brings out the good feelings one might have in a relationship.  Most of her songs are about realtionships and the changes or happenings  involved. One things for sure - She will go far for a very long time. Check  it out everyone.
B000001E7T|5.0|It is such a shame that someone like Pj Harvey isn't really well known, or  that her videos are rarely played (I actually saw Come on Billy on 120  minutes not too long ago). This woman has a phenomenal voice, and her songs  are always original and interesting. This cd just happens to have my  favorite songs of hers on it. But I have to admit, she may not be for  everyone, so I would suggest listening to a few of the songs before you  bought this cd.
B00004UFYU|5.0|Desde Tarija en Bolivia: Solo quiero compartir con las personas que  visitan este sitio la inmensa alegria, felicidad, paz que siento al ponerme  mis Headphones, cierro mis ojos y comienzo a volar, soar, pensar que tipos  de mudulos/samplers/sintetizadores utizan, como samplean las voces, como se  las ingenian para esa mezcla tan exacta en los 2 canales, esa armonia de  cada instrumento, esa capacidad de cada artista que interviene y dan como  fruto final ese torrente de notas que hacen vibrar a cualquier persona que  sabe lo que es la musica &quot;pero lamusica de verdad&quot; ERIC LEVI.....  si alguna vez visitas este lugar, quiero que sepas que con los pocos  equipos que poseo, tratare de aprender de tu musica y talento..... Mil  Felicidades
B000002P5W|5.0|What's going on here. I have just found out that this album is not selling  as highly as &quot;AREYOU EXPERIENCED&quot; and &quot;ELECTRIC  LADYLAND&quot;. Please people get your priorities right. This is the second  best Hendrix album after &quot;AYE&quot;. Go and buy it right now. It  contains the ultimate delicate ballads &quot;Little Wing&quot; and  &quot;Castles Made of Sand&quot;. &quot;Little Miss Lover&quot; is the  funkiest song ever.&quot;You got me floatin'&quot; is excellent. And  &quot;If six was nine&quot; is legendary. Only one complaint about the MCA  rerealeasses, they dont sound as good as the RE-1 releases by Warner Bros  in the late 80's to early 90's. These have got the best sound I have ever  heard on any Hendrix albums. There was a technique employing the Sony  Solutions system which was used to get rid of any unecessary hiss noise,  and my God did it work. The results were beautiful. I dont understand why  they couldn't have used the same system for these new releasses. Is  technology going forwards or backward Mr. Edie Kramer? Anyway I'm hanging  on to my versions. But if you dont have all the main Hendrix albums you  still have not been properly experienced, not musically anyway. Long live  good music and may Jimi live in our hearts and souls forever.
0375707972|4.0|I really thought this book was right on time.  You can actually read this  whole book in one setting.  Even if you don't, you'll never have to reread  to remember what the book was about.  The setting and plot stays with you  and actually wants to make you take the place of one of more characters  that are presented in the book.  This is one book you'll never have to (you  may want to though) pick up again.  It's just that interesting; you  wouldn't want to leave anything out when explaining because the book's just  that good.  There couldn't be a briefer explanation.  This book was  recommended by Oprah's Book Club.
B000002KKS|4.0|H&amp;H features a different vocalist for the first time. Dio is a little  shy here, as  replacing the living myth Ozzy isn't an easy thing. Some  songs soon became classics for their grandeur: &quot;Neon Nights&quot;,  &quot;H&amp;H&quot; and &quot;Lonely Is The World&quot;, this last being a  beautiful power ballad. On the other hand some songs here are rather poor:  &quot;Lady Evil&quot;, &quot;Wishing Well&quot; and &quot;Walk Away&quot;.  Doesn't compromise the album's integrity, though.
0790730960|5.0|Although this DVD comes with the least amount of extra goodies (it doesn't  even have it's trailer!), it is still the DVD I cherish the most out of my  collection. On top of that, it is likely my favorite movie of all time.  Sure, LOLITA, FIGHT CLUB, LOST HIGHWAY and DEAD MAN are epic films in my  mind and heart, but BATMAN RETURNS is the only movie I can simply never get  sick of. <br />Always I have felt attachted to the characters of Gotham, and  never have I seen it portrayed better then in this film. I like the first  BATMAN movie, but thought it was slowed by the borish Kim Basinger, the  awful Prince songs which really didn't fit, the brass and gold hues which  were so predominate throughout the film, and the presence of the Joker  which was so everpresent. I absolutely love Jack as the classic cackling  clown but he controls the movie so exceedingly that it might as well have  been called JOKER rather then BATMAN. The first BATMAN film is great but,  nevertheless, BATMAN RETURNS was the first DVD I went out and bought.  <br />One of the things that does make the DVD so worth owning as well is that  this is exactly the type of movie that DVD's are for. Gorgeous films which  can only be fully grasped by widescreen. This film seems to leap out of  your television as you watch it, and the clarity and quality of the DVD is  earnestly captivating.<br />Keaton is the only Batman, despite his lack of  bulk. Devito is pure genius as the waddling mutant. Pfeiffer is brillant in  the sultry, dramatic, legendary role of a lifetime. But Walken is  overlooked. People often forget he was even in this movie, but he has some  of the greatest lines and is, in every right, a very classicly Batmanian  villian.<br />The irrational romance between the torn souls of Batman and  Catwoman (and their other egos) drives this movie for me, even more then  the fantastic skeletons on motorcycles, the Arctic World domain, and all  the other bedazzling aspects of the film.<br /> Simply getthis!<br />Many people  I know who saw it once in the theater were blown away when I played it for  them again on DVD. The sheer cinematic garbage that was BATMAN FOREVER and  the abomination of BATMAN AND ROBIN seem to have brainwashed people into  thinking all Batman films are lousy, commercial flops of idiocy. But once  someone sits down to watch BATMAN RETURNS, they are reawakened to the power  of the bat, and of the magesty of Burton's gift.<br />I CANNOT RECOMMEND  ANYTHING MORE HIGHLY!!!!!!!!!
B000002UVX|5.0|I had read and heard a lot of positive feedback about this album and  decided to give it a try.  I'm glad I did.  &quot;Band Of Gypsys&quot; is  the best quality live recording I have ever heard from this era, the drums  are clean, the bass thick, and the guitar screaming.  Billy Cox and Buddy  Miles provide a straight forward rhythm section that lays down a serious  groove that compliments Hendrix extremely well.  Although there are just  three musicians the sound is nice and full for a live set.<br />     Hendrix  really tears it up one side and down the other on this record some of his  best live performing. The album also shows Hendrix ability to improv in a  live setting, which seems to be his forte.  The guitar on the beginning of  \\"Power To Love\\" will just sear your ears off.  'Machine Gun' is outstanding  the best of the best from &quot;Band Of Gypsys\\".
B00003CX5A|1.0|It's atmosphere is mesmerizing, but little else is. Not only does it rip  apart the original tale, but it does it in a very cliche and disappointing  manner by making it &quot;the wicked step-mother/witch&quot; whom was beind  it all. I love Tim Burton's films, which is all the more reason this broke  my heart. Through my childhood I loved this dark fable, and I could think  of no better person to make a film of it then Tim Burton. I guess his heart  (or more likely his head... pun slightly intended) wasn't in this.<br />Stick  to BATMAN RETURNS, ED WOOD, and BEETLEJUICE.<br />READ THEDA MORGANS REVIEW,  it was right on the nose.<br />&quot;It looks good, but not much else.&quot;
0792839234|4.0|I'm sitting here trying to find a way to effectively summarize the plot of  Don Coscarelli's cult horror classic...and I can't. What I will say is  this: don't expect Alien/Halloween style horror.  This one works on a  completely different level.  The plot holes, the gaps in common sense, and  the surreality of the world in which _Phantasm_ occurs are what is  &quot;frightening&quot;.  Don't expect too much in the way of endearing  characters; they're flat as a board with plastic lines and even more  plastic acting, but that doesn't really get in the way of the movie's  enjoyment all too much; it's the environment, the profound sense of place  that Coscarelli has(by the end of the movie, you'll know the layout of  Morningside Cemetery, the Funeral Parlor/Mausoleum, and Jody's house as if  you had actually lived in these structures,) as well as his wonderful  cinematography; every shot is absolutely gorgeous and takes full advantage  of the distortion/fuzz quality that film possessed in 1979.  <br />The music  is superb, fitting the slightly ridiculous, euphoric feel of the  photography and story perfectly, tinkling, vintage synths and gothic chorus  put through a kind of vo-coder-esque electronic filter.  <br />Some cult  movies truly do not deserve their cult status, this I will admit, but  _Phantasm_ does.  It is imminently watchable despite its flaws, over and  over again somehow fascinating; you're always discovering something new or  having a new revelation to pertain the &quot;what the hell was that?&quot;  that was running through your mind during your last viewing. And...who  can't love Angus Scrimm's ominous presence as the ubiquitous and ever  short-spoken Tall Man?<br />Though I have no intention of giving the twist  ending(s)(there are two, technically) away, I will say that you may feel a  tad disappointed with their sudden execution the first time you see it, but  in retrospect and especially in consecutive viewings, the twist ending  lends a bit of sense to the otherwise non-sensical flow of the plot.   <br />Note: Okay, I lied, I'm going to spoil the ending below.<br />The notion  the entire film is an adolescent boy's fantastical nightmare lends some  artistic credibility to Coscarelli's admittedly convoluted science  fiction/horror storyline, the things that don't make sense(e.g. the  blackout after which all of the characters are inexplicably transported to  different sections of the cemetery and funeral parlor, and Jody's moving of  the boulders that are way too heavy for any human being to even budge)  suddenly are put in a context that, while admittedly a tad cop-outesque,  saves the movie on the whole. <br />Art film, horror film, fantasy film?    Hell if I know, really.  Just see it...you'll like it.
B00004SCX6|4.0|I'm tired of people picking apart pop music these days -  stripping it  down, over-analyzing its components and looking for deeper meaning.  It's  POP music for gosh sakes, it serves no purpose other than to serve itself!   It is a guilty pleasure.  Nowhere is this statement more applicable than  with Ms. Britney Spears.  She has the image of a nympette, yet she insists  on acting like an innocent young girl, seemingly unaware of the overtly  sexual nature of her performances.  If you're a parent with a daughter  anywhere from the age of 8 to 15.....this should worry you.  I'm 24 and it  worries me, and I don't have children!!  But (and it's a BIG  &quot;but&quot;) if you are past the age when peer pressure affects you,  and it no longer matters what people you don't even know think of you, this  album can certainly be appreciated for what it is; an excellent pop album.   When Quincy Jones, a producer, got top billing as &quot;The Artist&quot; on  an album, it always confused me.  Shouldn't the vocalist be the one who  gets all the credit?  This album made it all clear.  Did you know that each  of these songs took about two weeks to record?  Did you know that Britney  herself spent only about two days in the studio recording vocals for each  of them? Those are the reasons I always make it clear that I am a Britney  music fan, not a Britney fan.  The production here is so slick, so now, and  it sounds so good!!  There's a reason Britney's producers have had hits  with others such as the Backstreet Boys and N Sync: they know what works  and what people want to hear.  Come on, who could resist the 60's bubble  gum sound of &quot;Lucky?&quot;  Or the slow funkiness of the title track,  &quot;Oops!...I Did It Again?&quot;  Just put it on, turn it up, and don't  resist when you start to sing along.  Now, when you start having urges to  bare your midriff and call all your friends &quot;goobs,&quot; that's when  you know you're letting the image and the marketing get to you.  DON'T.  You'll miss a great pop album in the process.
0553296981|5.0|I just wish I had the insight and sensitivity Anne had at her mid-teens  when I was the same age; but then, I didn't have to go through what she  experienced at such an early age. Just to think that this clever,  precocious girl had to suffer confinement and a terrible death simply  because a bunch of kooks didn't like her kind makes me cringe. And still,  Anne states: &quot;In spite of everything, I still believe people are good  at heart&quot;. I think it sums up the essence of the diary, naive and wise  at the same time. She recounts her life before and after she and her family  went into hiding to escape Nazi persecution, and the hardships they had to  suffer, and not precisely because of Nazi harassment; the squabbles and  pettiness of some of the annex dwellers could seem in some ways worse than  the war going on in the outside world. Although the strained situation in  the annex affected Anne very much, she does not despair; she spices her  accounts with hilarious and often wicked comments on the people around her,  mixed with the difficult, sad situations she had to endure. It isn't really  much of an historical reading, it contains little about World War II  itself, but it is more a story about coming of age in very unusual  circumstances. What a shame Anne Frank had to die, had she survived she  probably would have produced an even better work than this one.
B0000022WA|5.0|With its simplistic, idealistic vision of two, disparate but equally  appealing lives (Sharon and Susan) and their equally attractive and  appealingly perfect parents, The Parent Trap is one of the all-time best  Disney live-action films.  Hayley Mills has an undeniably magnetic appeal  in her dual role, and, as the antagonistic parents, Brian Keith and Maureen  O'Hara generate real sparks, and real chemistry.  You will root for them as  much as their twin daughters.  Sweetly innocent and at times laugh at loud  funny (all scenes at camp; the camping trip with harridan homewrecker and  golddigger Vicki), this movie promotes an outrageously unbelievable -- and  un-PC philosophy -- but today, in some ways, it feels even more relevant as  a valentine to parenthood.  No wonder it was re-made two years back (the  remake, though charming, has none of the grit and sheer exuberance of this  original) -- this is the dream fulfilled for most kids of broken homes, and  there are more of those now than when this film was initially released in  the 1960s. While it may seem easy to dismiss the Disney machine as  saccharine and not rooted in reality, this movie exemplifies Disney's  artistic ability to combine real, identifiable humor and pathos in a  package that is appealing and retains its innocence at the same time.
6303327982|4.0|One night Oliver Stone was watching David Lynch's \\"Wild at Heart\\" (1990) and he thought, \\"I'll show that half talent how a romantic comedy for the  nineties is REALLY done,\\" and he made \\"Natural Born Killers.\\"  It was a lot  of fun.  Well, actually he also watched Kalifornia (1993) and thought,  \\"Juliette Lewis is kind of sexy and she has potential.  She doesn't really  need to be THAT dumb.\\"  And so he reprised her role from that film, and saw  that it was good.<br />Juilette Lewis as Mallory is Laura Dern on speed, and  Woody Harrison as Mickey is Nicolas Cage tweaked.  This is one bad ass  film.  Ah, but there's a deeper layer.  Oliver Stone has targets.  Somebody  has to be satirized or what's the point?  Well, TV's Geraldo gets it with  both barrels, that is obvious as Robert Downey Jr. plays Wayne Gale, a sort  of Geraldo with a Brit accent.  (It plays since the British invented sleaze  journalism).  But beating up on Geraldo is too easy.  What is really being  satirized in this film is the audience!  Ah, yes, pick their pockets and  laugh at them.  As Red Cloud in the film says, we've-that is us, Mickey and  Mallory in our dreams-we've been watching too much TV.  Mickey replies  (innocent of being the target) \\"It's kind of like the twilight zone.\\"  Yeah, that's TV, the twilight zone.  Red Cloud further says we're (again we  are M and M) \\"lost in a world of ghosts\\"-the ghosts of TV and the movies  and the tabloids.  Funny in support of this satire is the Japanese media  girl who remarks as a commentary to the \\"Drug Zone\\" drug store capture of  Mickey, \\"He has a rather large gun.\\"  And when Mickey has to surrender, she  adds, \\"He's now rendered impotent.\\"<br />In case we miss the attack on the  media, we are surrounded in our motel room by images from the TV coming  through the windows.  (We are literally surrounded by this crap!)  It  should be pointed out that we get the media we deserve, just as we get the  politicians we deserve.  Somebody's buying those supermarket tabloids;  somebody's watching Jerry Springer and the nightly news.  As M and M get  ready to do the mating dance, on the small TV plays animal shows with lions  and beetles and such doing the wild thing.  Attacking animal shows!  Is  nothing sacred?  Of course not.  Stone's main purpose is to satirize the  American psyche and get paid for doing it.  And he does.  And it's  fun.<br />There are so many nice touches: \\"Route 666&quot;; Wayne Gale's vain  use of a nose hair clipper; his calling M and M \\"the most charismatic  serial killers ever\\"(!) for his TV show \\"American Maniacs,\\" which is  logo'ed like \\"American Gladiators\\"; the adoring crowds cheering our psychos  on like the Beatles in their prime.  But what I especially loved was the  sit-com clips near the beginning with Rodney Dangerfield as a \\"Father Knows  Best,\\" \\"Married with Children,\\" burlesque of a psycho dad.<br />But it's  really sad how Oliver Stone loses his concentration toward the end of his  movies.  Here we have something close to a satirical masterpiece, but he  just can't finish.  The absurd near-finale as they break out of prison  dodging bullets as in an old time Western just wasn't up to the quality of  the rest of the film (although Tommy Lee Jones had fun as the warden).  The  tacked-on little sit-com ending with Mickey as something like Chevy Chase  in a Land Cruiser with a pregnant Mallory as his wife in maternity garb  (with a cute little boy and girl already in tow) was precious and should  have been expanded to replace the silly shoot `em up at the  prison.<br />Philosophically speaking (and of course an Oliver Stone movie has  a philosophic position, otherwise where's the pretension?) we really are  just animals who kill anything that gets in our way, the rain forests, all  those cows and chickens (burp!), any other species, each other-what the  hey, death's not that big a deal.  It happens to everybody.<br />The Leonard  Cohen recording, \\"The Future\\" played into the trailing credits has just the  right tone and feel for this cynical look at the American mass mind as we  enter the third millennium of the current era.  May God have mercy on our  souls.ng credits has just the  right tone and feel for this cynical look at the American mass mind as we  enter the third millennium of the current era.  May God have mercy on our  souls.
6304535570|5.0|...this movie was orgasmic...val kilmar in a one piece, form fitting body  suit caused me to stop the vcr and grab a fresh pair of undies...but  really...it was a great film, it had an actual story to it and i fell in  love with both val and elizabeth...please please please starting making  &quot;THE SAINT II&quot;.
B000001DQI|5.0|I love this album the most out of all my records by Elton  John.&quot;Funeral for a Friend&quot; is the greatest song ever from the  artist.I still go nuts when this number explodes in my stereo.&quot;Goodbye  Yellow Brick Road,&quot; and &quot;Candle in the Wind&quot; are wonderfull  also.If I could only have one  Elton John album,this would be the 1.
B00003Q43A|1.0|Perhaps I went in with the wrong expectations, but I left movie wondering  &quot;how could this have made more money than 'Blade Runner,' '2001,' or  just about any classic sci-fi or any movie?&quot;  I read a review  comparing it with 'Stars Wars?'  Please don't put this movie up to that  standard or you'll end up sad.  With Randy Quaid as the white trailer-trash  who becomes the leader of the US air force, Bill Pullman (better known as  Lone Star from Spaceballs) as the president, some long haired hippie as the  US top scientist, Will Smith as hero who bravely eludes an Alien by  outmaneuvering a technologically superior spacecraft with a jet then  punches him out, and I wont begin with Tommy Lee Jones or the guy with the  crackly voice, with all of this cartoonish crap, I don't know how anyone  can actually take this movie seriously.  The plot and dialog are a complete  waste of amazing special effects that should have been used toward a movie  with scarier Aliens and more sincere characters.   I give it 1 star on  special effects alone.  Unless you're a special effects technician, one  time viewing this movie is one time too many.
B00003Q438|3.0|This DVD is awful.  First of all, it's widescreen (2.35:1) but NOT  ANAMORPHIC!!?  Really, I expect more from a THX master!  Secondly, the  &quot;directors cut&quot; is just stupid.  He added another 10 minutes of  CRAP onto the end of the movie that totally changes the entire meaning of  the film.  WHY???  Really, when you see it you will LAUGH out loud, it is  so implausible and inanely stupid!  The original version is SO much better,  you can tell pretty easily WHY they cut that last bit of crap off.. it's a  much better film without it.
0792156684|1.0|Was I the only one who fell asleep at the theater watching this turkey? I  wanted to leave, but I was stupid enough to invite some people to come with  me, and they were enjoying it, so I had to endure something akin to having  an enema.  Sure, the effects were great, but what happened to  entertainment? And the girl was a real tramp, considering it was supposed  to be in an era when a handshake was considered necking. And let's not  forget that stupid scene where Leonardo is &quot;woo-wooing&quot; at the  front of the ship.  This movie would only appeal people who live in a  fantasy world. You know what I mean, the kind of person who never thought  about dancing 'till &quot;Dirty Dancing&quot; came out.  The story (what  there was) was dull.  You have to sit down for what seems like hours, bored  out of your skull, enduring a corny love story, and praying for that stupid  ship to crack in two. If you want to see a good love story, go and buy  &quot;What Dreams May Come.&quot; If you want to torture a friend, invite  them to your house, feed them bake beans, tell them the toilet's broken,  then play &quot;Titanic&quot; and tell them you can't find the remote.
6305718954|5.0|Playing on a field I tend to dislike, Stigmata created something so  intense and honest I just had to love.  It grabs your hand and guides you  through a labirynth of what is &quot;faith&quot;, &quot;passion&quot; and  &quot;power&quot;, bringing you from fun to amazement, and then to that  cold place where you realize that &quot;If it would happen, it could be  this way&quot;.  After that, it goes back through &quot;power&quot;,  &quot;faith&quot; and &quot;passion&quot;.  It's just guidance, but you  will follow it as it is so natural, in fact you will enjoy the tour even  though it will take you to a place where you feel hope is lost.<br />In the  end, after having shaken you awake, it will show a positive way out.<br />This  film plays at two levels: the first one is the comedy and tragedy of the  two main characters, each locked in it's own world, Frankie is  agnostic/atheist (it never becomes clear) and totaly resents the intrusion,  Father Andrew is just trying to qualify Frankie's &quot;problem&quot; and  keeps going against an answer he never expected to find.<br />Underneath, you  will find a second level, where it points an extreemely acusing  finger at  a church that may have become a reason in itself by ignoring some of the  basic principles that created it.<br />By far the best movie I've ever seen.
B00004U8H4|5.0|This movie is as sick as it is fun. Though &quot;sick&quot; might seem like the wrong way to describe this movie, I chose to use that word. The  only thing that's sick in the movie is Patrick Bateman.<br />I'm sure you've  read enough about this movie to know who and what Bateman is, so I won't  get in to specifics.<br />The movie is both a Horror-flick and a Comedy, all  meshed into one. You might not think that that's an easy thing to pull off,  but this movie does it just perfectly on all levels possible.<br />You're  never quite sure if Bateman really kills anyone. It might all be in his  head. There's no question about the fact that he's totally mental, but you  never really know about the murders. The murder-scenes aren't all that  gory. Sure, there's blood, but not extreme ammounts of it. As I also  mentioned, it's also a comedy. I laughed my ass of in some scenes, and so  will you, probably. You laugh at the fact that Bateman is so incredibly  sick and that he has such little connection to the &quot;real  world&quot;.<br />Well, anyways, this is a very entertaining flick, and I  really recommend the Unrated version of it. HEY, PAUL!
B00002E233|3.0|As a terror movie, Deep Blue Sea is somewhat weak, but if you watch it  determined to have a good laugh, it's excelent.<br />The digital sharks move  like they are on a cocaine diet.  The folks that did the digital sequences  could learn a lot from Toy Story.<br />The level of technical inconsistensies  would make a &quot;B&quot; Series director blush, so just take them as  comic releif (just one hint (as a 1000 world would not be enough): when you  flood an underwater structure the stress is REDUCED, not increased - will  you people just FIRE the tech consultant ?).<br />Samuel L. Jackson's death  brings back fond memories of Alien, just when you though &quot;this one is  going all the way to the end&quot; he goes down the drain, just keeps you  guessing.<br />LL Cool J just rocks as the cook/priest, he has the right  amounts of religion and Clint Eastwood.<br />If you like terror and have a  keen eye for detail, just skip it.<br />If you like terrorcomedy (like me)  it's a must.
0515125024|4.0|Lee Child's second Jack Reacher novel, &quot;Die Trying&quot; is a  far-fetched but entertaining sequel to his tremendous debut, &quot;Killing  Floor.&quot;  The storyline in this one is not as fascinating and intricate  as his first adventure.  Nonetheless, it has some pretty nasty villains,  and some intriguing plot twists and action scenes.  This time around, Child  decided to use third person for his narrative; that may be what makes this  one a little weaker.  There was something about seeing everything through  Jack's eyes in &quot;Killing Floor.&quot;  This story, however, would not  have worked in the first person.<br />Both novels have relied on some pretty  far-fetched coincidences to hurl Reacher into the plot, but this is  fiction, and the suspension of belief is something required in this type of  novel.<br />With all that said, Child still is a writer to reckon with.  This  book is entertaining and has a satisfying, if somewhat rushed,  resolution.<br />Definitely worth reading, though.
B000002MTR|5.0|I am an extremely devoted Chilli fan and I must say this has to be one of  the best albums they have brought out in their long careers in the music  bussiness.  They have built bridges in this album between the aggressive,  the mellow and the funk. Flea is as godly as ever on this album with  stunningly complicated bass lines and quick switches to die for.  Anthony  exploits his vocal talents to the full here combining with bass, guitar and  kick drum perfectly.  If you buy one chilli album buy this (Especially if  you play bass like me)  You won't regret it.
0486408434|5.0|Whatever you are, an advanced magician or just a beginner, this book was  written for you, even if you know ABSOLUTELY NOTHING about card magic. This  is a rare kind of book, I mean, no matter how skilfull you are you'll be  interested to read every word. For the beginner, you'll learn the correct  way to execute sleights which will make you able to do tricks you never  thought you'd be able to do. For the advanced magician, this book is a  classic, reading it will enable you to correct possible mistakes you do  when executing a sleight, improving your presentation. Simply excellent.
0671876813|5.0|Whatever happened to just the 0-5 star review part to get the books you  own off your recommendations?
B00004S8Q9|5.0|This CD is a poignant and bittersweet tribute to Ray Gillen. This band  that rocked so competently in the 80s still displays feverish guitar riffs  and stiring, powerful vocals. Anyone who is a fan of guitar driven rock  must check this one out. All though not as comercial as Voodoo Highway,  this work still rocks with the visceral passion that the great rock bands  of the 70s and 80s all displayed. Jake E Lee is still fabulous on the  fretboard.The power and virtuosity that seemed lacking in much of the rock  of the 90s still lives!
B000002GOZ|5.0|A must get/must have. Whether a Bryan fan or not.
B00004SCX6|1.0|Unlike many people who hate Britney and write reviews saying her cd is bad  without even listening to it, I have actually listened to this album and I  really do hate it.  Here's what I think of the songs:<br />1: Oops! I Did it  Again - This song sounds EXACTLY like &quot;Baby One More Time&quot;.  If  you took out the words and sang Baby One More time, it would WORK! 2:  Stronger - Synthesizing her voice makes it sound even worse! 3: Don't Go  Knocking on My Door - Yet again, more grossly synthesized Britney. 4: I  Can't Get No Satisfaction - The original was bad enough, but this is  downright embarrassing with the grunts and &quot;uh&quot;'s between every  other word.  PLUS-the narration beforehand just shows what a flake she  really is. 5: Don't Let Me Be the Last To know - I like this song only  because Shania Twain wrote it.  I would like it even more if she would sing  it instead of Britney. 6: What You See Is What You Get - This song's ok,  again would be better if someone else sang it. 7: Lucky - Yeah, I feel  sorry for Britney, because she's brainless!<br />Enough of that... The rest of  the songs are pretty much slow - too slow.  Her narrations and speaking in  the songs just make me cringe.  The only reason she is famous is because  she dresses to walk the street.  I can't believe her parents ever let her  out of the house!
B000001FRY|4.0|It's not U2's best album, but \\"Boy\\" does contain good songs and, perhaps more tellingly, an unrelenting energy that defined the band's image as it broke through in 1980. If you can deal with the somewhat stuffy new wave 1980s sound that emanates from this album, you'll come to appreciate it.  U2 proved its enthusiastic mettle on the first two songs of \\"Boy.\\" \\"I Will Follow\\" captures a vigorous band at an impressive pace. It's a fast and driving tune with vibrant guitars, which gets \\"Boy\\" off and running with a vengeance. Amazingly, \\"I Will Follow\\" sounds even stronger live, as may likely be the case with most of \\"Boy's\\" songs. (For a great live performance from early U2, check out [[ASIN:B000001F5F Under a Blood Red Sky]].) \\"Twilight\\" may sound dated today, but it's still worthy; some pretty impressively crunchy guitars force their way in about halfway through without letting up. Bono sings the chorus \\"Twilight!\\" like he's competing for the World's Biggest Rock Star Award and his passion is admirable. \\"Twilight\\" is one of many songs on \\"Boy\\" with a tightly constructed sound that left little room for relaxation.<br /><br />\\"An Cat Dubh\\" contains a foreboding tone that fits right in with all those dark early-1980s hits by long-forgotten one-hit wonder bands. Some pleasant music leads \\"Into the Heart,\\" a song that conveys a more hopeful voice. \\"Out of Control\\" is a chance to hear U2 during this time period and smile a little. In their own way, the boys of U2 more classily pulled off their own version of a party song that future hair bands would revel in later in the decade, and the results are mixed at best. It would be downright hilarious and easy to shrug off, if the song weren't played so convincingly by each member. As Bono's echoed whisper \\"Outta controoool\\" steams through the microphone, you can't help but smirk a little and remember that it is a debut record.<br /><br />Better songs can be found on \\"Side Two.\\" Check out \\"Stories for Boys,\\" \\"A Day Without Me,\\" \\"Another Time, Another Place,\\" \\"The Electric Co.\\" and the proper closer, \\"Shadows and Tall Trees.\\" U2 have always made songwriting seem easy, and this is evident even from the very beginning. There's an urgent and constricted feeling to this album, as if better things were knowingly around the corner. Bono's voice is a little too present, but The Edge counters with shimmering guitar work that infiltrates everywhere. The musicianship by each member is great for lads so young.<br /><br />It's hard to say whether \\"Boy\\" was a good measuring stick to gauge what U2 would eventually become. In some respects, the album blended right in  with the likes of Simple Minds and Psychadelic Furs, and it's hard to imagine that Americans and others around the world could fully know at the time how big this band would become. Be that as it may, there's a lot of raw energy and talent that was honed in beautifully by producer Steve Lillywhite, paving the way for much more brilliant music to come from U2., Another Place,\\" \\"The Electric Co.\\" and the proper closer, \\"Shadows and Tall Trees.\\" U2 have always made songwriting seem easy, and this is evident even from the very beginning. There's an urgent and constricted feeling to this album, as if better things were knowingly around the corner. Bono's voice is a little too present, but The Edge counters with shimmering guitar work that infiltrates everywhere. The musicianship by each member is great for lads so young.    It's hard to say whether \\"Boy\\" was a good measuring stick to gauge what U2 would eventually become. In some respects, the album blended right in  with the likes of Simple Minds and Psychadelic Furs, and it's hard to imagine that Americans and others around the world could fully know at the time how big this band would become. Be that as it may, there's a lot of raw energy and talent that was honed in beautifully by producer Steve Lillywhite, paving the way for much more brilliant music to come from U2.
0345410025|5.0|Well, it was a very OLD edition of the memory book, cira 1976.  But back  in 1976 I did memorize the ENTIRE BRI bar exam course book, a huge outline  of the law.  No kidding, I could recite the entire outline, using a slight  modification of Harry Lorraine's techniques.  As a fellow law student said  while I was giving a demonstration, &quot;it's a trick!&quot;      Exactly,  it is a trick.  Memorizing doesn't help you UNDERSTAND what you are  reciting.  But you won't forget it, short term.  The other caveat is,  having memorized it, you do have to PRACTICE recalling it.  Lorraine's  techniques, at least circa 1976, didn't result in immediate storage into  long-term memory.  That requires recalling the information repeatedly.       Also, the techniques themselves require practice, just as developing any  other skill does.  The work is only justified if you have a need to  memorize a little data often, or a lot of data at least occasionally.
6305776326|5.0|This movie,by far,is the best movie I have ever.Besides the fact that Mary Katherine and I share the same name,I was very much like Mary when I was in  school.I also went to a private Catholic school and I know high school is  rough.I DEFINATELY recomend this to anyone who loves commedy :)
B000002KD9|5.0|This is a wonderful and timeless album. Most of my  CD's evoke a time and  a place when I was younger. I'm listening to it now as I type and  immediately  my mind drifts back in time to 1981. Back then I was  a 15  year-old on the verge of leaving behind the  safety of childhood and  entering the scary trials  of adulthood. Unsurprisingly, I rebelled. I  spent  that summer hanging with a crowd of delinquents  (not!) who were  several years older than me.<br />I was a geek but they brought me under their  wing and  became my friends. I remember that I so wanted to  approach girls  but couldn't because I felt so dumb  and self-conscious. But I found a  place with Martin,  Jerry and Robert where I belonged. On long, warm,  russet  evenings during that summer we'd head for the fields,  close to  where we lived, to drink wine and smoke some  pot, to escape the scary  world around us. <br />The lyrics and the melodies:<br /> &quot;Everybody's  going out and   having fun. I'm a fool for   staying home and  having   none...Oh lonesome me.&quot;<br />...and...<br /> &quot;I have a  friend I've never   seen he hides himself inside  a dream someone  should call   him and see if he can come   out. Try to lose the  down that   he's found.&quot;<br />...bring it all back.<br />What happened  to them? Martin the most  talented and misunderstood, was murdered after  a  drunken row in one of the fields where we once  put our future on idle. Me?  The others? Married heading towards a comfortale, complacent  middle-age,  I'm afraid. But once upon a time &quot;when  we were young and on our  own&quot; and all was wrong with the world this peerless album was our   companion. <br />Thanks Neil.
B00002SWEM|4.0|Ry Cooder does the latin music world a great service by visiting and then  revisiting in film these great Cuban musicians who would have been all but  forgotten in the political struggles of the times. To be sure, the music is  excellent (though the recording quality on the DVD is far from  concert-quality), played with the passion one expects of artists who know  that music is their best form of free expression. But the DVD provides  more: the trip to NYC of these gentlemen and the chance to watch them watch  us is priceless. They are projected into a time-warp, and find the world  they have been told is so corrupt is really a treasure trove of good  things, good musicians and good people. This is a wonderful work of art and  I will enjoy watching it and listening to it again and again.
B00003CWL6|2.0|This movie is so overrated. The acting is good but its not that good. PLease how do people see beauty in a dead bird and a mans head shot with  blood coming out. The nudity was pointless and disturbing. Underage girls  breast is not beauty in this way more disguisting.
6303109950|4.0|This is a great movie if you would like to know the real story of Wyatt Earp. It's facts are ninety-percent accurate. Russel looks eighty-percent  like Earp. And the movie is seventy-percent enjoyable. Unless you have a  headache. Then it is fifty-percent. Russell has plently of chances to cock  his eyebrows and look tough. He declines and gives a superb performance. As  does Val Kilmer as Doc Holiday. Unfortanately, after an hour, it's as if  the director left town and they put Peewee Herman in charge. With gloomy  music from a B movie, we are suddenly cast into a twilight zone episode  where the good guys are surrounded by the bad guys. So we wait it out  tensely. Then we wait it out until we get tired. Then we wait it out until  we go into the kithchen and get some graham crakers. Then we have a splurge  of violence which is supposed make up for all the boredom we entailed. It  doesn't. Then the movie comes back from the bad direction. The last thirty  minutes are great. The writing never departs from being incredible.  Actually, many of the words are taken from historical fact. Earp did say  about Doc Holiday, &quot;I like him. He makes me laugh.&quot; Kilmer does a  tremendous job as the dying Doc Holiday. Russell is under-rated. He is  Wyatt Earp. Sam Elliot as Virgil Earp is Sam Elliot. A fine actor, but his  personality as Virgil Earp is abit over-shadowed by Sam Elliot. There are  some ridiculous moments. Like Russel going out into the rain and having a  screaming constest with Zeus. The best part of the film is the friendship  with Earp and Holiday. Thank God we have now have a good display of how  friendships are between two men. Nothing much is said but they do things  for one another. Once again, the director is terrific for capturing this on  film. Oh! Before you order the movie from Amazon.com, I would like to brag  and state that I sat next to Kurt Russel in high school! We never said a  word to each other. And after viewing the film, I think perhaps it was  better that way. Now purchase the most accurate portrayal of Earps and  Holiday's life availble on film. It will be worth it. Thank you.it was  better that way. Now purchase the most accurate portrayal of Earps and  Holiday's life availble on film. It will be worth it. Thank you.
B00004U45G|4.0|I did not think it could be done but Jimmy Page has delivered the best  live Zeppelin album to date. The BBC sessions is good but it contains all  older material. The Song Remains The Same was good but patchy and Unledded  missed the mark. This album brings us right up to date with a selection of  later Zepp material. Page and the Crows concentrate on the blues and hard  rock side of Zepp and they bring it off superbly. The sound is bone  crunching and in your face, the drumming is amazing and the massed guitar  sound is just how it should be. Jimmy shows off his brilliant guitar skills  and reasserts himself as the premier rock guitarist that he always was.  This album is a must-buy for Zepp fans and will do quite nicely until  Knebworth or the like is released. You can easily forget that that is not  Plant up there handling the vocals- well done Mr. Robinson.
B000002WYT|5.0|This band is acoustic, but has the most amazing combination of vocals,  drums, violins, saxophones, whistles, flutes, bass, and electric bass.   Dave may not be your most talented singer in the world, but what he says is  so awesome.  I'll start at the beginning of the CD.   &quot;So Much To  Say&quot; is a song that is way too true for me.  He's talking about his  hell and is ever so wise with, &quot;Sometimes I find it's easy to be  myself, Sometimes I find it's better to be somebody else,&quot; and God,  how true...  The only bad part is Dave is bursting with inspiring words,  but ends up repeating &quot;So much to say&quot; too much.  Then there is  &quot;Two Step&quot; with an amazing into... and the awesome metaphor of  &quot;Hey, my love, you came to me like wine comes to this mouth, grown  tired of water all the time, you quench my heart and you quench my  mind,&quot; &quot;Crash into me&quot; is your radio played song w/ a cool  video... &quot;Who's got their claws in you my friend?&quot;  Good  question... Dave will always give you something to think about  Awesome  sounds... &quot;Too Much,&quot; has an awesome baritone sax part.  It shows  off Leroi's talent.  Dave sings in an neat way. &quot;#41&quot; is a slow,  pensive song, and he is very soft sounding, but deep things are said.  &quot;Say Goodbye,&quot; is about a girl friend no doubt, and it's kind of  sad.  Probably my least fav. song, but I have none. &quot;Drive in Drive  Out,&quot; has some great lines that are humorous poetry... namely, &quot;I  hear more than I'd like to, so I boil my head in a sense of humor, I laugh  at what I cannot change, I throw it out on the pyre again, go then and do  this, I'd do it of for you, when all that I want is so badly to be, by  myself again, this is going to drive me right out of my brain...&quot;   Awesome... &quot;Let You Down&quot; is mellow, and him apologizing.   Another great metaphor enclosed.  You'll see. &quot;Lie in our graves&quot;  he asks, would we lie in our graves and dream of the things we might have  been, and it teaches you to enjoy life. &quot;Cry Freedom&quot; is too true  about this country.  It has great thoughts, &quot;Hand and feet are all  alike, but gold between divide us.&quot;  Great instrumental.  &quot;Tripping Billies&quot; is jazzish.  Awesome... &quot;Proudest  Monkey&quot; is ten minutes, but worth every second, great metaphor about  being too proud to admit when you're wrong.  The band creates great sounds  of the city.<br />This CD contains NO bad songs.  Carter Beaufort is an  astounding drummer.  The lyrics are fascinating to dissect and memorize.   The amazingly talented violin by Boyd Tinsley changes violin's name  forever.  Stefan Lessard is amazing, but you have to listen hard to hear  it, but his parts are great.  Great band, great songs, great sounds...  Enjoy the best CD ever.
6305627347|4.0|As a true lover of South Park, I thought this was one of the best movies  of 1999!<br />The first 3/4 of the film was childish and hilarious, just as I  would expect South Park to be.  The last 1/4 of the movie seemed deep and  mildly depressing.  However, once you look past the swearing and the  childish humor, the movie actually contained bits and pieces of many  different musicals.  Stone and Parker did an excellent job of incorporating  fascinating mucial scenes into the movie while still keeping in the  tradition of the crude South Park style humor people know and love.  On the  lighter side, the movie had lots of obscenities and just plain hilarious  scenes such as Terrance and Phillips &quot;Uncle F---er&quot; song, Saddam  sexual conquest with Satan, Cartman electrocuting Saddam, Bill Gates and  Windows 98, and many many more.<br />If you love South Park, this is a must  own video.<br />Also, this movie shouldn't be viewed by young children.  Take  it seriously when it says rated &quot;R&quot;
B000002NAK|5.0|I can not compare this music to the Broadway production since I have never  seen it.  I can not compare it to anything, but what I can say is that the  music is so varied and flavorful that you never get tired of listening to  it.  The composition is incredible.  I belive that the voices of Madonna  and Banderas are instuments that punctuate and dress this music.  My  children are three and four years old. They will listen to this music  before they will listen to Old McDonald or Elmo.  They love beautiful  music.  The guitar, the chorus, the variety, the story,..just everything  about it makes it worth every penny.
B00004TL21|2.0|I did not enjoy this album.  Based on the triple digit number of reviews  for it, I must concede I am in the minority.  This is a chart topping hit.   It is also well produced, and performed.  No one should be ashamed for  liking this CD.  Maybe it's just me, but I found it to be boring.  The  sound is intense, as are the lyrics.  However, it seems that variation is  achieved through modulating tempo alone, and that plays out quickly.  And  yes, I did give the ENTIRE cd much more than one listen.  If you like the  first three songs, I would think that you will like the entire album.   Regretably, I failed that test.  If you are interested in intense, heavy  music or are interested in what is currently popular, this CD might be  interesting to you.
B00003CWTI|3.0|There's a very long video diary, which shows us how exhausting it was to  shoot, but in general isn't anything to write home about.  Tom Cruise does  not participate in this behind-the-scenes piece. There are some pieces of  him in character doing the infomercial and part of his seminar.  Big  whoop...  There are tons of trailers - who in their right mind would want  to see so many?! And no commentary.  Considering the big presentation of  two discs, this is pretty mediocre.  FIGHT CLUB is much, much more  impressive in terms of extra disc extras....
B000006OS2|1.0|Horrible picture on this DVD.  The picture was faded, blurring, and out of  sync!  It was awful! I want to get my money back!    BUT there is good news. Now you can get the official authorized version, which we did, and it's excellent.
158234082X|5.0|While I don't agree with some of Chef Bourdain's philosphies (you never  call in sick, thriving on chaos, etc.), this book is a great read.   Informative, inspiring, excruciatingly honest, and downright funny in many  places.  He is a smart, decent, no-nonsense, and hard-working guy, who  gives his all to his people and his cause.  That is something to be  appreciated.  By all means buy the book and read it, for you will get  hooked and enjoy it thoroughly.  Also be prepared to spend money eating at  expensive restaurants and get into a &quot;chef mode,&quot; buying saute  pans, chef's aprons, and other such accoutrements that you suddenly realize  you &quot;need&quot; for your kitchen.  I did.
B0000029AP|4.0|The album that put Aerosmith on the map, &quot;Toys In The Attic&quot; is  a landmark rock n' roll record.  Second only to its follow-up,  &quot;Rocks,&quot; this collection of songs are a prime example of what  makes Aerosmith a phenomenal rock band.  The hooks, the swagger, and some  of the best guitar riffs you'll ever hear; this album has it all!  Aside  from &quot;Walk This Way&quot; (arguably their biggest hit), the album is  loaded with magnificent rock n' roll, with songs like &quot;Adam's  Apple,&quot; &quot;Uncle Salty,&quot; and the epic ballad &quot;You See Me  Crying.&quot;  The real standouts however, are the knockout title track,  the enchanting &quot;No More No More,&quot; and &quot;Sweet Emotion,&quot;  a true classic that is perhaps the sexiest and most captivating song the  band has ever recorded.  This is a 4 1/2 star record, and only misses that  1/2 star because &quot;Round And Round,&quot; a good song, doesn't fit well  with the overall upbeat mood of the album.
B0000009SY|5.0|&quot;It wasn't very large, there was just enough room to cram the drums  in the corner over by the dodge&quot;.  Pure brilliance from start to  finish.  Zappa's Best!
B000002KBU|5.0|Always one of my albums, last night I had the pleasure of seeing Joni's  compatriot, Diane Krall in concert here in Santiago.  Krall sang a truly  amazing version of A Case of You - Look for it at a Krall show if you're a  Joni fan.
B00003CXDG|1.0|This is crap-ola.  John Woo, who really should direct music videos and leave feature films alone, shoots a flick full of slow motion, fire, guns,  more slow motion, insultingly improbable stunts (come on, the  magic-tired-motorcycle that Tom Cruise can skate beside wearing boots and,  when he tires of that, he can shoot backward, aiming with the side  mirror?), clothing changes with a speed Clark Kent would envy, and hardcore  heroes who fall in love after about 1 hour.  Maybe if I scrape out what is  left of my frontal lobe, which shrank markedly after viewing this tripe, my  lizard-brain will allow me to enjoy all the rapidly moving lights and  pictures on the screen.
B000002KBU|5.0|Always one of my favorite albums, last night I had the pleasure of seeing  Joni's compatriot, Diane Krall in concert here in Santiago.  Krall sang a  truly amazing version of A Case of You - Look for it at a Krall show if  you're a Joni fan.
B00000J2L8|5.0|The box says that this was done in aspect ratio and certain parts were  done in widescreen...yet I watched the entire movie twice and noticed that  it's filmed in straight full screen to fit the TV.<br />Great movie with  classic lines...but I am disappointed that this movie was not in widescreen  on DVD. Any help would be great.
B000002LOG|4.0|Sublime? That word appears a lot in the puff pieces Amazon has selected  but, as a fan who's rated r.e.m. his favourite band since the mid-80's, I  have to concur with the reviewer below. Sublime this is not. I also listen  to this r.e.m. album less than any of the others.<br />It's funny, really,  because a couple of the r.e.m. songs I love the most are on this album  (&quot;Losing My Religion&quot; goes without saying; the very under-rated  &quot;Texarkana&quot; is wonderful; and &quot;Country Feedback is a gem).  But, even though I love r.e.m., I change the channel if &quot;Shiny Happy  People&quot; comes on the radio (which, thankfully, it rarely does anymore)  and &quot;Radio Song&quot; is vastly over-rated.<br />In the unlikely event  you don't already own some r.e.m. but you want some, buy &quot;Life's Rich  Pageant&quot; (my favourite album) or &quot;Murmur&quot; or &quot;Fables of  the Reconstruction&quot;. Leave this one for later on when you're addicted.<br />r.e.m. is the best rock-and-roll band in the world. They took this title  over from U2 some 9 or 10 years ago and they've never let it go, not even  when they didn't tour or release an album for almost four years. Out of  Time is a fine album, and a must-have for r.e.m. fans, but I've seen way  too many CD collections that only have this one, lonely r.e.m. release in  them to believe it makes a good introduction to this fantastic group's  work.
B000021XR5|1.0|For some reason, they buried the vocals on this album so that you can  hardly hear them.  What made STP great was their sharp and understandable  lyrics.  This feature is now gone and all you can hear is droning.
630463949X|5.0|When I heard that Fleetwood Mac was getting back together to do their The  Dance PBS performance, I must admit that I was very skeptical and  disinterested.  That attitude changed when I saw their  performance.<br />Within a week, I had purchased the music CD, still feeling  like it was more for nostalgia's sake than anything else.  Nevertheless,  the CD has maintained the #1 slot in my car's changer ever since, this  despite having gotten a lot of serious competition.  When this performance  came out in DVD, I didn't jump all all over it.  I picked it up almost on  impulse when I noticed that I was getting tired of watching only movies  with on my DVD player.  <br />After many subsequent viewings, I am happy to  report that I am still very pleased with the purchase.  <br />Fleetwood Mac is  really an amazing band in a lot of ways.  Their music definitely holds up,  as does the talent that made them famous.  Two elements of this DVD always  get my attention.  First, it has great production quality.  It is well  made, well edited, and the sound quality well produced.  The other thing  that I notice when I watch this performance is...well, the performance.   Fleetwood Mac puts on a heck of a show.  Lindsey Buckingham's talent and  inspiration not only take center stage at just the right times, but also  give way to Stevie Nicks' haunting vocals in just the right way.   Buckingham's guitar work, as well as the way it is showcased in this  production, is as strong as you are going to see.  It is easy to see on DVD  how he gets so much soul and intensity into his music.  The same can be  said for Stevie Nicks, but in quite a different way.   Their styles make  for an interesting contrast as it is played out in The Dance.  Mic  Fleetwood's theatrics were a hoot to watch too.  I had never seen a drummer  make lead guitar solo faces before.  I found it captivating.  I found there  to be just the right mix of new stuff along with their classics as  well.<br />Super groups don't get to be super for nothing, but a lot of them  sure don't perform like the used to.  This is one cool dance that I can  highly recommend.  It is still a special treat to put this DVD on, crank up  the home theater system, and snuggle up with my sweetie with the lights  off!
0425170349|4.0|Very illustrative book. As usual the characters are very well described;  The weaponry the team uses are adequate and modern; the tactics are  accurate. The book doesn't leave any loose details. The story line is  awesome. Strongs: The description of the missions. Excellent (and there are  plenty of them; and Ding Chavez character. It seems we are looking at a new  Clancy's &quot;son&quot;. Weaks: Too many pages. Clancy waists lines and  lines of the book in situations that are not necessary. At some point you  feel like the book is a little bit too &quot;heavy&quot;.
B00001MXXG|4.0|Of course this is a great film, so I will comment on the DVD.  The picture  is very good compared to others I've seen from this timeframe.  It is made  for widescreen!!  Sound is great and the commentary by John Hughes is very  enlightening(I wish he'd done one for Breakfast Club!!).  Interesting to  hear how much character development he planned for and you get secret info,  like the fact that all the leaves on the trees outside the glass garage at  Camerons towards the end of the movie had to be painted green as it was  summer when they took the car and was into fall when they filmed the car  busting thru the glass.  Overall a great buy, don't hesitate to upgrade to  DVD on this one!!!
B00004TJTQ|5.0|My Dog Skip is poignant, sweet &amp; heart-warming.  Due to an intense  &quot;midnight in the cemetary&quot; scene that is an integral part of the  story, I would not recommend it for anyone under 6.  As an adult, its  multi-layering enriches the movie experience.  For a kid, it is a good  story, entertainingly told.<br />It does deal with important life issues in  relationships, race, public perception &amp; maturity.  In skimming over  the racial aspects though, I did wonder what was in the book that got left  out.  <br />It's not too often a movie comes along &amp; makes you think about  things that seem to &quot;just happen&quot; to us, as well as the choices  we make.  Also, with the richness of this movie, I want to track down the  book to enjoy the original thought processes at a slower pace.  Altogether,  a thoroughly enjoyable movie I would highly recommend.  Enjoy!!!
B00003CWOL|4.0|Kevin Smith proves once again that he can both extensively impress and  infuriate his audience unlike any other filmmaker since Oliver Stone. With  this unique spiritual odyssey into the comedic inner workings and  inconsistencies of modern faith, Smith creates his most farcically eloquent  scripted film yet. Filled with many religious and mythical characters  assembled from Christianity, ancient legends, and artistic license, Dogma  is a joyous examination of the sensation, joys, and humanity of religions  and shouldn't be construed as an assault on faith in general. The plot  tells the story of two banished angels who find a loophole back into heaven  thanks to Catholic theology. Yet, if they succeed they screw up existence  in the process. Overflowing with fantastically witty performances from Alan  Rickman (The Voice of God), George Carlin (Cardinal Ignatius Glick), Chris  Rock (Rufus the 13th Apostle), Ben Affleck (Bartleby), Matt Damon (Loki),  Jason Lee (Azrael), Linda Fiorentino (Bethany Sloane), Salma Hayek  (Serendipity), Alanis Morissette (See it for yourself), and Jason Mewes and  Kevin Smith (Jay and Silent Bob), Dogma is almost too irrelevant and silly  for it's own plausibility. <br />Yet, its sheer charm and comedic genius make  it a jovial masterpiece of cinema merriment that will entertain and cause  controversy for years to come. As for the film's many religious dissidents,  frankly I find the film so filled numerous ideologies, beliefs, and  opinions that it is most probably over the heads of most of it's  detractors. Now for the DVD package, Dogma has a fine anamophic wide screen  presentation and just a theatrical trailer. Wait for the option loaded  Dogma DVD that is supposed to come in near the end of the year before you  purchase this marvelous film.<br />P.S. Remember if you're not eternal or from  another plain of existence plug your ears.
B00001OH80|2.0|I'm a Bowie fan, I really am. I'm so much of a fan in fact, that I liked  not only Tin Machine, but even (gasp) Tin Machine 2. I imitate his outfits,  my hairstyles correlate with his; I even plan to call my future son Zowie  (or Duncan. Or Joe). Damn it, I EVEN sat through Just A Gigolo. <br />It  therefore comes as little endorsement to this CD that I thought it was  bloody awful. The album starts with the near-salvageable 'Loving The  Alien'; the production's over-bearing, but the lyrics are a strong point.  But its all downhill from there. The album's first low point, 'Don't Look  Down' sees Bowie fancifully musing 'They're making sorta crazy sounds'  amidst the sort of excruciatingly bland reggae treatment that Aladdin Sane  wouldn't have touched with a ten foot bloody pole. <br />If one pretends that  his cover of - wait for it - The Beach Boys' 'God Only Knows' is drenched  in irony (a la Black Tie White Noise's 'I Know It's Gonna Happen  Someday)...it's still barely listenable. In contrast, 'Tonight' isn't bad;  extremely conventional, but that's indicative of the album as a whole. And  what the hell's with the bloody reggae? Be thankful, at least, that he  didn't try that again. Iggy's 'Neighbourhood Threat' comes next, yet  another cover; it's the production that kills this - the lyric deserved a  much more aggressive arrangement than the bland radio-friendly rubbish in  which it is presented here. <br />Blue Jean is well-known and requires little  comment. Needless to say, its the best thing here; getting itself lost in  the murky recesses of side 2 does it no favours, though. Tumble and Twirl  has the Ricochet horn thang happening, and its not bad, but the lyrics  display both a trite sense of ethnicity and the word 'yonder', both of  which bring it down to the level of the album as a whole. The last two  tracks are perhaps the worst in the Bowie oeuvre. They're both bad AND  pointless; 'I keep Forgetting' is so cliched its depressing. <br />Let's faceit: those people who think 'Let's Dance' is among Bowie's best works are  just pretending. All 36 minutes of its follow-up don't make it seem so bad  after all.
0375701427|4.0|Philip Roth's writing has never impressed me the way some of his  contemporaries' has.  &quot;Pastoral&quot; is a perfect illustration of why  this is the case.  The premise (the story of a tranquil, suburban family  suddenly confronted with the absurdity and violence of the 1960s) is  promising enough; the character of &quot;the Swede&quot; is impressively  written; the first quarter of the novel flows smoothly, almost lyrically.   Unfortunately, that is where the novel seems to become derailed:   paragraphs of beautiful prose are often interrupted by pages of hopped-up,  melodramatic sentiment.  (It's the same plague that befell Roth's  &quot;other masterpiece,&quot; Portnoy's Complaint - an extraordinarily  promising beginning that eventually turns sour.)  At its best, Pastoral is  a very penetrating look at American suburbia and the tumultuous sixties.   At its worst, it reads as an Oprah Winfrey selection, full of stock  characters who serve no purpose other than to ram home Roth's narrative  &quot;point&quot; and over-the-top dialogue/scene setting and unbelievable  dialogue (The Swede's final encounter with his daughter was a particularly  egregious example of the latter two).  In another writer's hands, Pastoral  might indeed have been worthy of the Pulitzer.  As it is, we catch only  glimpses of Roth's genius, and are left to slosh through the unremarkable  rest.  I'd give it three-and-a-half stars if I could
B000002NBY|5.0|Not much good came out of the 80s besides the Tampa Bay Buccaneers (and  even THEY weren't good then). And actually, Paul Simon didn't come out of  the 80s, either. He and Garfunkel had been recording some time before then.  But &quot;Graceland&quot; came out of the 80s, and God, am I glad.<br />All  things taken into account, this is simply a fantastic album. There isn't  one bad song on it. The entire album is like one big dream unfolding song  by song. All the tracks are so much fun. This is the ultimate road-trip or  pick-me-up album. It's so full of hope you just can't help but smile when  you listen to it.<br />One reason for this is Simon's never-ending penchant to  utilize new kinds of music, which he found for this album in the form of  Chikapa &quot;Ray&quot; Phiri and his South African band, Stimela. Phiri  arranged many of the songs heard on the album. But Simon didn't stop there.  For the zydeco swing of &quot;That Was Your Mother,&quot; he enlisted New  Orleans' own Rockin' Dopsie and his band, and he collaborated with Los  Lobos on the upbeat closer, &quot;All Around the World (or The Myth of  Fingerprints). <br />The highlights are, well the WHOLE album, but the true  standout tracks (to me, anyway, everyone has their favorite) are probably  the driving opener, &quot;Boy in the Bubble,&quot; featuring a proud  accordion and one of the greatest choruses ever penned (&quot;These are the  days of miracle wonder/This is a long distance call/The way the camera  follows us in slo mo/The way we look to us all/The way we look to a distant  constellation/That's dying in the corner of the sky/These are the days of  miracle and wonder/So don't cry baby, don't cry&quot;). Also be sure to  check out &quot;I Know What I Know,&quot; whose lyrics and hook will make  you laugh, and &quot;Under African Skies,&quot; a duet with Linda Ronstadt  that's just too beautiful to skip over.<br />In fact, the only song that I  don't really love on this album is &quot;Crazy Love, Vol. II,&quot; and  it's not that it's a bad song... it's probably just that I want too badly  to get to &quot;That Was Your Mother&quot; to hear what might be the best  one-liner I've ever heard (&quot;I saw this girl there/She was pretty as a  prayer book/Sweet as an apple on Christmas Day/I said good gracious/Can  this be my luck?/If that's my prayer book/Lord let us  pray!&quot;).<br />Overall, the brilliance with which this album was  constructed, both musically and lyrically, is a testament to what an  unbelievable talent Paul Simon is. This album needs to be in everyone's  music collection. Look at it this way: you might as well have gotten  SOMEthing out of the 80s!
B00000JQFM|3.0|After hearing so much about this album I had to see what the buzz was  about and I'm still wondering. There is some good guitar playing but there  is nothing memorable about the songs at all. If you like long, aimless,  never-ending solos then go for it. Otherwise avoid this album like the  plague.
6304211740|2.0|This review contains many spoilers, so you might not want to read it if  you haven't read the book.<br />First of all, Jane Eyre is my favorite book. I  love it so much because it is romantic, feminist, exciting and mysterious.  It would be extremely difficult for any movie to do the novel  justice.<br />Still, this version COULD have been better. Charlotte Gainsbourg  did look very much how I imagined Jane, but she always came across as so  cold. It's true that in the book Jane does not always express how she  feels, but she is not as stony as Miss Gainsbourg portrays her. <br />William  Hurt wasn't the best Rochester, either. I don't know what they were  thinking, casting a blonde, conventionally handsome actor to play the dark  and brooding Mr. Rochester! It even says on the back of the box something  like, &quot;Jane Eyre falls for her rich and HANDSOME employer...&quot; I'm  sure Charlotte Bronte would have been insulted that her character was  changed to the point of blasphemy. Elle McPherson as Blanche Ingram was  pretty bad too.<br />I did like Anna Paquin as young Jane though, and the  elderly woman who played Mrs. Fairfax was perfect.<br />It's not just the  acting that bothered me...I think they ruined three of my favorite scenes.  The first is the scene in which Mr. Rochester dresses up as a Gipsy woman  to find out if Jane loves him. This is a WONDERFUL passage in the book, and  every version of Jane Eyre I have ever seen always leaves it out! I have a  feeling that they originally filmed this scene, but they ended up having to  cut it so the movie wouldn't be too long. So I was disappointed about  that.<br />The second scene I didn't like was when Mr. Rochester proposes to  Jane. When I read it in the book it brought tears to my eyes, because it  was so beautiful and passionate, but in this movie it just falls  flat.<br />Mr. Rochester: Duhhh, I love you. Will you marry me? Jane: Mmm,  sure, why not.<br />OK, so maybe I'm exaggerating a little, but that's how it  felt to me. That scene was severely downplayed; it didn't move me at all.  And why didn't they film it in the garden by the big tree, like it is in  the book? I thought that was an important detail.<br />I also thought it was  cheesy how they showed Thornfield burning down JUST when Jane was leaving!  Please, she just walked out the door and she doesn't even stop or notice  when the mansion catches on fire? I think this was done for dramatic  effect, but it came across to me as ridiculous.<br />Still, I give the movie 2  stars, because although Mr. Hurt didn't really look his part, he did an OK  job of playing it. And I did like how they did the scene in which Mr.  Rochester admits to having been married before, and presents Bertha Mason  to everyone who was attending his and Jane's wedding. That was pretty well  done, and pretty faithful to the book. I'd recommend this movie for that  scene alone.<br />I think that above all, if a movie version of Jane Eyre is  to be made, it MUST be faithful to the book. The novel is wonderful enough  that they wouldn't have to change anything.
0780626478|4.0|I bought this on VCD format (Original - non pirate version cost around  $5.00) more or less as a time filler. I was very pleasantly surprised to  find that it was a really funny and sometimes touching romantic comedy.     So long as you accept the premise on which the film is based then it  becomes an enjoyable journey of discovery for Adam (Brendan Fraser) while  also allowing Eve and Troy to learn something themselves - especially what  it means to be a gentleman.<br />There are some very funny scenes both in the  shelter with Walken and Spacek and on the surface (&quot;I haven't brushed  yet today').  I can't remember Alicia Silverstone being better in any other  movie that she has done and Brendan Fraser is ideal for the role of Adam.
B00004SCX6|4.0|I think Britney Spears is having a lot of fun doing what's she's doing.   Her second album isn't bad.  I wasn't too sure about the songs I had never  heard, until I really gave them a chance. I am not a 10-year-old saying  this either, I'm 22. I just bought her &quot;oops&quot; album and to be  honest I cant stop listening to it. It's fun and fresh and is very catchy.  I find myself singing her songs while going to sleep...now that can be  annoying, but hey, I think the cd is good and that's my opinion.  She might  last, and she might not...but she's doing better than a lot of us right  now!
B000005ILF|5.0|This album is differnt some how in the way it makes you feel.  I am  reminded of fall time in the West Virginia mountains when the leaves are  changing colours.  I love the mountains and fall time.  It gives me a great  feeling that is hard to explain.  I want to grab my walkman and talk a walk  in the woods when I listen to this cd.  I recommend you buy this cd, not  only to see what the feeling is I am talking about, but because this cd it  so very relaxing.  You will have no idea how relaxing it is until you  listen to it.  Sting RULES!!!!  HOO-YAH!!!!  Thank a war vet.
0553579908|5.0|This was my favorite book of last year. It truly deserved the Locus Poll's  top pick for fantasy. 10 times as good as Robert Jordan's Path of Daggers.  The only novel to come out that was close wasRobin Hobb's Liveship Trader.  A great sequel to a great first book, A game of Thrones. Fans of the series  will love it and those wanting to start the series, here it is in  paperback, nice and cheap for you. $9 is a very good investment. Enjoy!
B000000NN1|5.0|In my opinion this one is by far the finest work made by Vangelis, and one  of the most outstanding albums in the history of contemporary music. Here  Vangelis shows his mastering and genius in the highest possible way, not  only in composing but also by playing all the instruments! Besides, he  produced and arranged the album. I came into it around 1985 when a good  friend told me that it included the theme music used in the appreciated TV  series COSMOS, and since then it has remained as one of my favorites.<br />The  first piece is smashing; it features some of the strongest chords I've ever  heard. The combination of synthesizer, choir, and frenetic percussion  produces a quite captivating atmosphere. The second one is a more choral  piece, which seems to evoke some unknown grandiosity. Then it comes the  third piece. Oh boy. I'm afraid I don't have enough words to describe the  emotion it produces on me. This is the theme used in COSMOS, and I really  thank Carl Sagan, wherever he is now, for having chosen it. This is the  most perfect and moving vision of heaven I can remember; it presents an  incredibly majestic conception of the universe, and inspires me (I hope  everyone) the highest spiritual values. It really makes me cry.<br />The next  piece is a fruit of the long-lasting cooperation between Vangelis and Jon  Anderson of Yes. Jon's angelical voice is the most adequate to guide you  thru this voyage to heaven. The second part of the album consists of one  single and long piece where Vangelis leaves no doubts of his skills as a  man-orchestra. The wonderful choir is present throughout the piece and  somewhere in between there is a splendid female solo.<br />Vangelis' music is  nowadays commonly calssified as &quot;new age&quot;. I absolutely disagree  because new age was not yet invented when most of Vangelis' productions  appeared, and above all, his vision is totally different from today's new  agers. If it would need classification, I'd rather take itas progressive  rock or progressive jazz, but never as new age.
B000009ED0|4.0|The Beastie Boys might be the first white guys doing a legitimate type of rap music but then there was Third Bass. Kid Rock is aware of white rappers that have a black identity. Some are phony and some of are truly influenced by by black rappers but just aren't innovative. Some have the lyrics of a filthy comic with no punchlines. Kid Rock combines 4 types of music, Rap, Rock, Country and Funk not to mention Samples and creates music not often heard on the radio. His arrangements are great with lyrics sometimes trivial and perverse but without malice. Rock is not trying to be accepted just appreciated. I'm impressed with ability to find stellar talents to compliment his music. Although this may be to rough edged for many, Rock is not just a white rapper. His music is innovative uptempo and New!
B00003CWTI|1.0|&quot;Boogie Nights&quot; was over-rated, but not as much as this  annoying, ridiculous, L-O-N-G mess of a film. Filled to over-flowing with  whining and/or despicable characters wallowing in concurrent, bleak  plotlines that don't in any way relate to each other, I still managed to  sit for what seemed like an eternity waiting for that extraordinary climax  that critics said would tie it all together.  It never came.  What  &quot;Magnolia&quot; evaporates into is an ending so insanely bizarre, I  couldn't believe I wasn't dreaming (or rather, having a nightmare).  Guaranteed to make you want to kick yourself if you manage to make it  through the supifying three hours it takes for this wilted  &quot;Magnolia&quot; to unfold.
0446364495|1.0|This is a terrible book. An insulting book. A dangerous book. It is so  bad, so BAD. that it should have been sealed in foil like that dirty book  Madonna put out a few years ago that showed pictures of her doing, uh,  stuff. Or at least put on one of those &quot;Parental Advisory&quot; labels  that frightened parents want plastered all over rap albums. I usually don't  scare so easy, but his book shouldn't be left out for idle shoppers to flip  through. Don't retailers have any consideration for their customers  anymore?<br />So why is this book so bad? You might as well as, why is the  ocean so wet? The book is filled with horrors aplenty. I'm not talking  about the plot, hokey as it is. Hunky wandering stranger has affair with  lonely neglected housewife. A good writer could do something with this, if  he/she really wanted to.<br />Waller is not a good writer. He is not a bad  writer. He is the worst writer ever. Since the day when Sumerians first  scratched symbols on clay tablets there has not been a more banal, insipid,  nauseating writer than this guy. To say that he can't write is incorrect.  Oh, he can write. He knew exactly what he was doing when he wrote this  dreck. He's not like those thousands of monkeys hammering away at  typewriters for all eternity trying to write the complete works of  Shakespeare. No, Waller actually had the INTENT to write this  abomination.<br />There are paragraphs in this book too horrible to mention,  sentences that will leaving you gasping and grabbing blindly for something  sturdy to cling to. The sheer incompetence is awesome to behold. I can't  give examples of how bad it is because I would end up transcribing the  entire book. How he was able to write this book without becoming becoming  paralyzed with shame is beyond me. Well, if you have no shame...<br />And  believe me, I know all about awful writing. I was a writing major and went  through 3 fiction workshops full of oblivious and overconfident  twentysomethings (I was one of them). I have read some truly abysmal crap  in my day.<br />And if you think I'm dissing this book after flipping through  a few pages, oh no, no no no. I was dating a young lady and we went over  her place to watch a movie (she rented &quot;It Could Happen to You&quot;,  featuring the appalling Rosie Perez. But that's a review for another day).  Entering her place my eyes were drawn to her coffee table as though there  was a bloated corpse lying on it. It was the book. I made a kind of  shrieking noise, and it took my friend some time to coax me from under her  dining room table, where I was of course cowering in terror. She told me  that this was her FAVORITE book of all time and that I just HAD to read it.  Caving in to a woman yet again I did as I was told. I read the whole thing  in one sitting, with an expression on my face that you'd expect to see on  someone who just saw a passenger train derail. When I returned the book my  friend asked, &quot;Did you cry at the end?&quot;<br />Oh, I cried, I  cried.<br />We broke up shorty after that (actually, about 8 seconds after  that). But I'm pretty sure that the girl I just married read and loved  &quot;BMC&quot;. And that scares me. Any editor with a brain larger than a  pecan could see that this book was garbage. Yet some big publisher bought  it, marketed the heck out of it, and made it into one of the most popular  books OF ALL TIME. Waller wrote like 6 more books and did an album and all  sorts of horrid things thanks to this book. Doesn't anyone else see that  this is evil? How many good books about love and loss went unread because  millions were burdened with this book. All that waste, all that senseless  waste...I can't bear to think about it.as one of them). I have read some truly abysmal crap  in my day.<br />And if you think I'm dissing this book after flipping through  a few pages, oh no, no no no. I was dating a young lady and we went over  her place to watch a movie (she rented &quot;It Could Happen to You&quot;,  featuring the appalling Rosie Perez. But that's a review for another day).  Entering her place my eyes were drawn to her coffee table as though there  was a bloated corpse lying on it. It was the book. I made a kind of  shrieking noise, and it took my friend some time to coax me from under her  dining room table, where I was of course cowering in terror. She told me  that this was her FAVORITE book of all time and that I just HAD to read it.  Caving in to a woman yet again I did as I was told. I read the whole thing  in one sitting, with an expression on my face that you'd expect to see on  someone who just saw a passenger train derail. When I returned the book my  friend asked, &quot;Did you cry at the end?&quot;<br />Oh, I cried, I  cried.<br />We broke up shorty after that (actually, about 8 seconds after  that). But I'm pretty sure that the girl I just married read and loved  &quot;BMC&quot;. And that scares me. Any editor with a brain larger than a  pecan could see that this book was garbage. Yet some big publisher bought  it, marketed the heck out of it, and made it into one of the most popular  books OF ALL TIME. Waller wrote like 6 more books and did an album and all  sorts of horrid things thanks to this book. Doesn't anyone else see that  this is evil? How many good books about love and loss went unread because  millions were burdened with this book. All that waste, all that senseless  waste...I can't bear to think about it.
B00000I41J|4.0|This is a very nice CD.  It has more of a feel of a Miles CD than some of  Cannonball's other work (my favorite CD is &quot;Live in San Fran&quot;.   Like the other reviewers, the CD is worth buying for &quot;Autumn  Leaves&quot; and &quot;Love for Sale&quot;.
0767849493|4.0|Watching a movie that stars George Carlin as a Cardinal and Alanis Morissette as God is probably a sure-fire way to earn a few extra days in  Purgatory. Still, &quot;Dogma&quot; is not what it was accused of being--  an anti-Catholic, anti-religion movie. It's actually quite reverential, and  respectful, of God and the teachings of the Bible. <br />Kevin Smith must have  had some rigorous nuns giving religious instruction because the movie is  full of bizarre and hilarious theological situations. When Carlin,  introducing a new &quot;Catholicism Wow!&quot; marketing campaign,  announces that the Church is getting rid of the crucifix as a symbol  because it's too depressing, well, I laughed like a maniac, and then hid  behind the couch so the thunderbolts from above wouldn't strike me  down.<br />The story centers around two angels (Damon and Affleck) who learn  of a loophole in church law that will allow them to go back to Heaven  against God's wishes. By proving that God is fallible, however, the two  angels could cause the end of existence. Opposing them is an ordinary woman  charged with halting them, with help from an angel, a forgotten Apostle, a  Muse, and of course Jay and Silent Bob, the two, well, morons who appear in  Smith's films. <br />The movie is hilarious, profane, at times mildly  sacrilegious, but you always know that Smith means no disrespect to God  Himself (or Herself). The Catholic Church doesn't come across especially  well (casting Carlin as a Cardinal would seem to be a hint) so I can  understand the uproar. But if you watch the movie and listen to what's  actually being said, you'll see that there's no need for Smith to be burned  at the stake. Forgive the sinner, for the sin is not so great. The film is,  though.
B00004U8DS|5.0|bueno primero que nada este cd es para personas que en realidad sientan  esa conexion con la musica de the doors.... este disco salio despues de el  disco de waiting for the sun y para mi en lo personal es uno de mis  preferidos.. porque contiene canciones como &quot;tell all the people&quot;  esta cancion me gusta escucharla en particular cuando estoy en paz interna  total.... mi cancion favorita the doors wishful sinful tambien viene  incluida en este cd esa cancion es asi como electrisante porque una vez que  la escuchas no paras ni te cansas de escucharla.. y no ahi que olvidarnos  de jim's poetry... con la cancion de the soft parade.... creo que esta  cancion interpreta lo que en realidad fue la poesia de jim.. de la manera  que se inspiraba creo que lo rebela atravez de su voz y lo hace de una  manera espectacular.... el disco esta de pelos.. si lo compras no te  arrepentiras....
B00000IQBM|2.0|In spite of Kubrick's impressive and unmistakeable style... In spite of  Nicholson and Duvall's remarkable performances... the weak novel's flaws  are magnified rather than minimized in translation to the screen.  There is  little here that will frighten you--and, unlike most other Kubrick films,  still less upon which to ponder.
B000001EHS|5.0|If you are truly looking to rock out 80's style, there are few better  places to go than Def Leppard. This collection covers all the hits, as well  as one new song &quot;When Love and Hate Collide&quot;, that's actually a  pretty decent ballad. Although most of the pre-Pyromania stuff gets  overlooked, and &quot;Make Love Like a Man&quot; isn't around, for a  non-stop trip back to a time when music still rocked, look no further.
0800177177|5.0|I watch this film over and over again and never tire of it.  It's gory,  it's suspenseful and always entertaining...<br />Gary Oldman gives a stellar  performance as Drac. He conveys the love story and sense of loss of his  Elizabetha with great sensibility.<br />Winona Ryder gives a good performance  as sweet Mina, innocently stepping into the enchanting, beguiling love  affair with the 'Prince'. <br />Keanu Reeves as Jonathan Harker, does a good  turn. I especially love his scene with the 3 'devil's of the pit'. Only Ke  could pull it off so well.  And also his struggle to escape the castle and  find his way from the brink of insanity is to be well applauded.<br />Anthony  Hopkins give a great performance, as usual as Dr Van Helsing, giving the  part seriousness and frivolity as required.<br />You are drawn to the hunt and  the race against time to stop evil Dracula from claiming his bride.<br />Cary  Elwes et al give all round good support to the piece.<br />A Great soundtrack,  giving even more fright to an already frighteningly good  film.<br />A MUST  FOR ANY COLLECTION......<br />(p.s. I can't believe someone of 11 has seen  this film! Shame on you parents!)
B00000JG4N|5.0|Motley Crue never was, and have never been a consistent band. Their older  albums were so-so (GIRLS GIRLS GIRLS is the exception), and their newer  albums are nothing special. In general, most of Motley Crue's worthwhile  material can be found on their greatest hits album.  So what happened  here? I have no idea, but whether by sheer musicianship, or complete luck,  Motley Crue made a true classic here that eclipses all of their other work,  and is, in my opinion, THE hair metal album to beat. Every song on this  album is great, with the best being &quot;Dr Feelgood&quot;, &quot;Same Ol  Situation&quot;, &quot;She Goes Down&quot;, &quot;Rattlesnake Shake&quot;,  and one of the 80's best power ballads (beaten by Motley Crue's own  &quot;Home Sweet Home&quot;) &quot;Without You&quot;.  Therefore, what  I'm saying is that ANY fan of hair metal needs to own this album, as it is  the prime example of why that era rocked. The only thing that's sad about  this album is Motley Crue never came close to matching it.
B00000IOSU|5.0|OK, so others may think that there is little difference between the live  versions and recorded... so untrue. If you have ever seen Sarah live you  will want this CD. It brings you back to your seat in the venue you were  lucky enough to experience the show in. With Sarah there is always the  element of comfort. She sings with honesty and ferver. This CD is a must  have for all Lilith fairians and Sarah fans. Sit in your favorite seat. Pop  in the CD and enjoy... you will be happier for the journey.
B000002LRX|5.0|This is my absoulute favorite album of all time by my favorite band. Faith  No More never got the respect they deserved, and especially not with this  album. Believe it or not, coming out in 1992, this album was way ahead of  its time. Listening to this album now, it seems even more timely. Looking  at the Korn's, Limp Bizkit's and Kid Rock's now, Faith No More's diverse  rock/rap/funk/craziness almost seems a prediction of the current musical  trend. Give this one a spin and you can see the influence it had on some of  the new rock bands. However, no band, old or new, can match the stylistic  diversity or creativity of Faith No More. This is the kind of album that  never gets old. It can approach hardcore on songs like  &quot;Malpractice&quot; or &quot;Caffeine&quot;, and then throw in songs as  inexplicable as &quot;RV&quot; or &quot;Be Aggressive&quot; a song with a  school-girl sung chorus. This music is dynamic to the extent where  thcomparisons to other bands are impossible: There's just no one else out  there who could make an album like this.       Buy this album. You will not  regret it.
B00003CXDG|1.0|Obviously it is now more important to have a big star than a big story to make a succesful blockbuster movie. I wasn't impressed by the first Mission  Impossible movie but was hoping that John Woo would be able to bring some  of his inspiration and originality to that movie. The result is an  extremely predictable movie which spectacular stunts, hardly believable, do  not help to render even the slightest interesting. At least movies like The  Matrix have a plot (.) which justifies such stunts. Seeing Tom Cruise drive  a bike on its front wheel with one hand and looking in his mirrors to shoot  bad guys behind his back with the other is more than I can take. If he was  a product that you can actually purchase (!) then this would only just be a  commercial for it. It is way too obvious how big a grip he had on the  script and how much it limited Woo's ability to make a good movie. No  &quot;Carte Blanche&quot; here, Hollywood's rules have to be respected.  Even the killer Soundtrack which helped raise my expectations doesn't make  up for a scenario which is hardly worth one episode of the series (which I  do not even compare to the movie). All in all ... I would and will give it  a miss!
6305910103|3.0|This movie is  a very good and interesting.
B00000J2L7|5.0|Stanley Kubrick's acclaimed dark comedy about nuclear holocaust is among  the greatest film satires ever produced.  To truly appreciate this film it  is necessary to remember its historical context.  It was produced right  after President Kennedy was assassinated and just two years after the Cuban  Missile Crisis.  The whole world was gripped with a profound paranoia about  nuclear annihilation.   Average Americans were spending their life savings  to build bomb shelters in their basements.<br />A strong anti nuke sentiment  was building in the U.S. and anti-nuke protests abounded.  This film was  one of two anti-nuke movies made in 1964.  The other was \\"Fail Safe\\"  starring Henry Fonda and Walter Matthau which was a heavy handed drama that  depicted an accidental breakdown of the Fail Safe system that resulted in a  nuclear attack on Russia.  \\"Fail Safe\\" conveyed its anti war message  through a realistic dramatization of an accidental war that frightened the  most cavalier of viewers.  \\"Strangelove\\" accomplished its purpose through  brilliant satire, turning strident generals and politicians into absurd  caricatures.  The dire nature of the topic at a time when real fear was at  its height produced a catharsis that made this film even funnier when it  was first released than it is today.<br />Kubrick's direction was nothing  short of genius.  The film is laced with so many subtle innuendoes and  ironies; one could see it twenty times and still not find them all.  For  instance, most of the names had sexual connotations.  Strangelove  (perversion), Mandrake (a root to used to promote conception), Merkin  (slang for female genitalia) Muffley (same), Buck (stud) Turgidson  (distended with swelling).  The battle to take over the air force complex  took place with a sign that said, \\"Peace Is Our Profession\\" in the  background.  Then there is President Muffley's great line, \\"You can't fight  in here, this is the War Room!\\"<br />The entire ensemble gave superlative  performances.  Peter Sellers was marvelous playing three parts.  As the  President, he was deadpan and serious while delivering one hilarious line  after another.  As Mandrake, he was the gentlemanly Brit trying nervously  to reason with a madman.  Finally, his best performance was as Dr.  Strangelove, a crippled immigrant German scientist who kept inadvertently  calling the President, \\"Mein Fuhrer\\".  This was Sellers at his zaniest, and  it was some of the best physical comedy I've ever seen.<br />George C. Scott  was perfect as the gung ho war hawk.  He brayed, strutted, and played the  butt kicking military man to the hilt and beyond.  This part was a  harbinger of his most famous role as Patton, where he played essentially  the same character without the tongue in cheek embellishments.  And who can  forget Slim Pickens, who is shown on the cover of the video box riding the  nuke to ground zero in one of the funniest and most famous scenes in the  history of film.<br />This is one of the most creative, witty and effective  lampoons ever done.  It makes its point effectively by poking fun at people  who take themselves all too seriously, and by making us laugh at that of  which we are most afraid.  I rated it a perfect 10.  \\"AAAAAHooooo!\\"
6305910103|3.0|This movie is  a very good and interesting.
B000002U82|4.0|Yes, Dark Side Of The Moon holds a world record. It has stayed on the Billboard Hot Album chart for over 37 Years !!! No other band, not the Beatles, Michael Jackson, Elvis Presley, or anyone else has ever had a album stay on the chart even close to that length of time. This is \\"Head\\" music,though some may refer to it as Acid Rock, which is basically the same thing. Hard Rock it isn't. Not something you could really dance to, yet its sound is worth listening too. I bought it years ago on vinyl and I love it. The music is slow to medium in tempo. This is music you want to listen to after a hard day on the job and want to sit out on the patio overlooking the ocean.
B00004T37H|5.0|This is one of the hardest to review movies I've ever seen, for several  reasons. There is simply no way to effectively put this brilliant film into  words and still do it justice. But I'll try, anyway.<br />I'm a huge anime  fan. I love anything from &quot;Akira&quot; to &quot;Nadesico.&quot; So  when my uncle gave my sister a book on the making of &quot;Princess  Mononoke,&quot; I found it impossible to keep from reading it. What I read  made me decide that &quot;Mononoke&quot; was definitely worth seeing. I  looked up various web sites on it, and decided that I simply had to see it.  This was before the theatrical release, which I of course missed. I have  been waiting for its home video release for 11 months, and had the highest  possible expectations. Tonight, when I finally rented it, I was giddy with  excitement. I was definitely not dissappointed.<br />&quot;Princess  Mononoke&quot; is definitely one of the best movies I have ever seen, bar  none. &quot;Ghost in the Shell?&quot; Don't make me laugh. &quot;X?&quot;  Not bad, but still can't quite compare. &quot;Akira?&quot; Close, but not  quite. Don't get me wrong, the aforementioned films are all very good,  &quot;Akira&quot; and &quot;X&quot; being favorites of mine. But  &quot;Mononoke&quot; is awesome. The animation is brilliant, the story is  brilliant, the entire film is, well, brilliant. It's an example of what all  animation can and should be: thoughtful, intelligent, and complex, with  just enough action to keep anyone from being bored for long. &quot;Princess  Mononoke&quot; not only belongs right up there with anime's other  masterpieces, like &quot;Perfect Blue,&quot; &quot;Akira,&quot; and  &quot;The Castle of Cagliostro&quot; (Miyazaki again), but also with the  great masterpieces of film itself, like &quot;2001: A Space Odyssey.&quot;  <br />&quot;Princess Mononoke&quot; is the only movie that has ever left me  sitting on my couch, speechless. You may not realize just how good it is  while you're watching it, but you will later. It has a way of sticking in  your mind. Just try pausing it and walking away for more than five minutes.  It will draw you back.<br />But when can I buy it for under $100???
B000000W5P|3.0|What I've always liked about the Stones is how diverse their music can be.  On &quot;Some Girls&quot;, the Stones show some of their most  creative  work. &quot;Far Away Eyes&quot; has a country feel to it, something like  you'd hear at a Alabama truck stop, and Mick sings with a deep Southern  drawl. But gosh dang it, I love it !!! It's funny and very entertaining.  &quot;Miss You&quot;, was the biggest hit single of the album, it was even  released as a disco single. It's funky ( no, not in a stinking way  ).&quot;Just My Imagination&quot; is somewhat like &quot;Far Away  Eyes&quot; in that Mick once again gives it that Johnny Reb tone instead of  that of a English rock star. As for the rest of the CD, it's good ol' dance  &amp; Rock-n-Roll music. If you can't dance to &quot;When The Whip Comes  Down&quot;, you better check your pulse ! My buddy Bo liked the music so  much he went out and bought the album, the Miss You single, the Miss You  disco single,and the Some Girls cassette. It's a terrific album to listen  to and be sure to check out the unusual cover. It in itself is a unique  collectible. If at all possible, order the vinyl copy.
B00000J7S8|2.0|I would only recommend this cd to those who like German cabaret-style  jazz.  Despite the arrangements, Diana Krall is closer to Ute Lemper than  to Nat King Cole.  She knows a thing or two about subtlety but  unfortunately there is almost no real emotion in her vocals.  The lack of  feeling and variety made this cd very difficult to enjoy.  Krall has good  intentions but for the most part she is all style and little substance.
B000000XB9|4.0|For anyone who loves CCR, this is the definitive CD for them... PERIOD! 20  tunes of Rock-N-Roll, and for the price is well well worth it! John Fogerty  has had a tremendous career on his own,but his performances with CCR are  unforgettable. J C Fogerty composed some of the most popular songs in  history, namely: Proud Mary, Bad Moon Rising, Fortunate Son (which by the  way, is currently being featured in a popular TV commercial),Up Around The  Bend, and Who'll Stop The Rain. The band had over 14 top 10 hits and sold  millions of records world wide. The song &quot;Proud Mary&quot; is more  associated with Tina Turner, who also made a hit with it. One thing is for  sure, the Amazon.com price for this CD is a steal!
B00003CXCS|5.0|I never tire of this movie!  I was delighted when I heard that this  beloved classic would be released on DVD in widescreen and Dolby Digital  and with THX certification to boot!<br />This movie has always been a favorite  of my family and I was delighted to see it for the first time in widescreen  never having seen the movie in a theater.  The grandeur of the scenery can  be enjoyed much more fully in this format.  Every song is a classic that  you'll love to hear again and again.  The picture and sound quality is so  superb, you won't believe it was released 35 years ago.  The bonus disc  with a making of documentary, musical outtakes and other goodies is a  welcome bonus especially considering the low price!<br />For the price of a  single DVD, why not own The Sound of Music and a bonus DVD for your family  to enjoy for years to come?  You won't want to see it full-screen with  marginal sound once you've been spoiled by this wonderful set.<br />Highly  recommended!  Buy it today!
0446608955|5.0|At first, I had a difficult time getting into this book, because I had  been slightly prejudiced by the other books that Nicholas Sparks has  written.  My favorite is &quot;The Notebook&quot;, and I just couldn't  believe that any story could be as sweet as that one.  Well, I don't think  that &quot;A Walk to Remember&quot; is QUITE as good as &quot;The  Notebook&quot;, but it comes pretty darn close!  Once again, he totally  captivates by creating characters that are sensitive and tender.  My  favorite part of the whole book is the end, and I don't want to say  anything more than that I believe in miracles too!
B00004TRD8|5.0|This is the most feature packed DVD I own!<br />Terminator 2 THE ULTIMATE  EDITION DVD actually has 3 different versions of the movie; the original  theatrical release lasting 136 minutes, the special edition version lasting  153 minutes and an extended special edition clocking in at 155 minutes and  43 seconds which is accessed by an &quot;Easter Egg&quot; discussed  below.<br />You can access the extended special edition version by selecting  special edition from the menu and then entering 82297 on your remote's  numeric keypad.  You may have to press &quot;enter&quot; after each number  on certain DVD players.  An easier method is to just select title number 3  from your remote.<br />The picture quality and sound quality are top-notch on  this DVD and it is my top choice for showing off my system to friends and  family!  It includes Dolby Digital 5.1 EX, DTS 5.1 ES and Dolby Digital 2.0  mixes.  The EX and ES designations refer to a new standard that includes a  sixth channel of sound that is designed to emanate from a rear center  speaker.  I have a 5.1 setup, so I couldn't test this feature, but it's  nice to know it's there.<br />This release comes in two formats; either a  DVD-18 disc or two DVD-9 Discs.  The DVD-18 is a double-sided, double layer  disc and contains the entire 6 hours of material on one disc that needs to  be flipped and the DVD-9 is a single-sided, double-layer disc which has the  material on two discs.  Don't worry, the content on both versions is the  same.  The two disc version might be preferable for DVD changer users.  Due  to manufacturing limitations with the newer DVD-18 format, the DVD-9's were  created to better meet demand.<br />One really cool thing about this title is  that the trailers for Dolby Digital 5.1 and DTS play according to which  audio setting is selected.  These are nice to demo your system with!  Also,  the THX trailer at the beginning was customized for T2 as a bonus.<br />If you  love this movie, get this version now!  It has enough bonus materials to  warrant a purchase even if you already own the previous release on DVD.  This is an awesome special edition that betters the Laser Disc special  edition at a quarter of the list price!  There are English and Japanese  trailers, 700 storyboards, a 26 person audio commentary, making of T2 and  T2 3D featurettes and DVD-ROM material as well.<br />Last, but not least, you  get &quot;THX Optimode,&quot; a tool to properly adjust your home theater  audio and video settings for optimum enjoyment.  I recommend Video  Essentials or Avia Guide to Home Theater DVDs for critical system  adjustment, but this is a great tool for free!  To access &quot;THX  Optimode,&quot; select &quot;Sensory Control,&quot; click your remote's  left button and click on the highlighted THX on the endoskeleton's  skull.<br />This is a great DVD with my highest recommendation!now!  It has enough bonus materials to  warrant a purchase even if you already own the previous release on DVD.  This is an awesome special edition that betters the Laser Disc special  edition at a quarter of the list price!  There are English and Japanese  trailers, 700 storyboards, a 26 person audio commentary, making of T2 and  T2 3D featurettes and DVD-ROM material as well.<br />Last, but not least, you  get &quot;THX Optimode,&quot; a tool to properly adjust your home theater  audio and video settings for optimum enjoyment.  I recommend Video  Essentials or Avia Guide to Home Theater DVDs for critical system  adjustment, but this is a great tool for free!  To access &quot;THX  Optimode,&quot; select &quot;Sensory Control,&quot; click your remote's  left button and click on the highlighted THX on the endoskeleton's  skull.<br />This is a great DVD with my highest recommendation!
B00004SCX6|1.0|If Britney Spears won the grammy for best new artist, that would've been  perfect proof that the music world have gone to hell in a handbasket, the  end of the world would be a click away, and the age of apocalypse would be  at hand. It's hard to believe that this CRAP is being made and people who  is listening to it, love it...that is people who happen to be 8-17 years  old. Why are there people buying this joke of a CD? Do they hear the sounds  of Satan when it's played backwards? This album sounds so bad forwards, I  bet if it was played backwards she'd probably sound a lot better. I think I  now know how the children in the sweatshop who make Kathie Lee Gifford's  clothes feel. All the songs sound the same, you think that they were  remixed by monkeys. What Britney did to the song Satisfaction goes to show  that the younger people in this age has nothing else better to do than to  butcher a good song with crappy upbeats and tinny vocals. I heard that  Keith Richards loved her version of the song. Then again, he was high at  the time. And why are there spoken words in every other song? Is she trying  for one of those &quot;Go easy on the sunscreen&quot; graduating songs?  Where are the real artists and why are they being passed over? An artist is  one who is very creative and a visionary. She is definately not an artist,  and she doesn't write her songs. Ok there's Dear Diary. Any young girl can  write something in her diary and turn it into a song. It's too bad the  ratings go from 5-1 stars, otherwise I would rate this CD a BOMB because it  should be blown up. Here's a suggestion, why don't she get together with  the Spice Girls, Whitney Houston, Paula Abdul, and Kathie Lee Gifford and  VH1 will put together one of those Diva concerts again....and air it early  in the morning when nobody is awake. Hey Britney, What are you going to  call our next album? Here is a title: OOPS!....DON'T DO THIS AGAIN!!!!!
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Savage Garden takes it to the top.  With such a sucessful first album, it  was with out worry that their second ablum be just as wonderful! Darren  Hayes does wonderful vocals on all the songs, and can blow you away with  his range of vocals on &quot;You Can Still Be Free&quot;, which is just  haunting beautiful. Daniel Jones is a master of musical instruments.  The  two of them blend so wonderful together.  There is an array of music here  which play on all emotions.  This is definately one that you will want for  your collection!
0812567110|4.0|I enjoyed reading the book, and thought that it was a great allegory. I loved how Wilde used vivid details in all his characters, especially in the life of Dorian Gray! I also saw the movie starring George Sanders and Hurd  Hatfield, which I thought was really good also!
B00003CXDG|5.0|MI2 is one of the best action movie i have ever seen after the Matrix. If you like action, this is the one to own
0671576089|2.0|I read the book because my friends told me that it was a fantastic book.   I was very disappointed. This is the reason why I am spending a few minutes  typing this review.  Warning: you have to be mentally and emotionally  prepared to read this book. While I do agree with the view that some parts  are well-written, it is just too dragging.  It took me weeks to finish it.  <br />There are also inconsistencies in the way the writer talks about his  surroundings from a child's point of view.  In some parts of the book,  Frank talks about Catholic practices that I thought were too esoteric for a  kid.  Manage your expectations well so you won't be disappointed.
0792156684|5.0|I think Titanic was an awesome romantic movie it is a movie I can not get  bored.
0312853238|5.0|Since there are already over 1100 reviews of this book (probably all  extremely positive) I will only add a few very personal comments here  rather than write a more general review.<br />There is only one word for this  story--intense. From almost page 1 until the end of the book over 200 pages  later you are in 100% total immersion in one of the most suspenseful sci-fi  books ever written. I have been a big reader of many of the major names in  sci-fi, especially Clarke, Asimov, and Heinlein, having read every book  they've written, and rarely did their best stuff draw me in like this one  did. In a class by itself. Don't miss it.
B00003W8NM|2.0|i must first start by saying that ed nortons acting in this movie was  tremendous.  however, that is this entire pictures only redeeming quality.   my friend has a trained woodchuck that i think could have given a better  theatrical performance than brad pitt.  why he was cast in this role is  beyond me.  at least he wasnt trying to effect an accent (seven years in  tibet).  on to the plot, it really wasnt as original as people would have  us believe.  a man gets addicted to attending group therapy sessions. OH,  THE IRONY!!  dont patronize me.  and after the sixth sense's ending, this  one was almost predictable, and not nearly as satisfying.  i am anxiously  awaiting the time when brad pitt's career goes the way of billy ray cyrus'.
0553278223|4.0|Bradbury's Mars reminds me of something out of a Ronald Reagan fantasy--a world where people sit on porch swings and sip mint juleps after a hard day's work in the fields while the aroma of Grandma's homemade cookies wafts out the window. Considered as a sci-fi classic there really isn't much science here and not much in the way of plot either, but as a collection of mood pieces dripping with nostalgia for a vanished way of life that has somehow been transplanted to Mars, this book is without peer.<br />A personal side note here--I heard Ray Bradbury speak once when they brought him to my junior high school in West Los Angelos 35 years ago. He's a good speaker, actually, and a bit of an eccentric. For example, he admits to being deathly afraid of flying and therefore drives a car everywhere. But he said he would get on a spaceship tomorrow and fly to Mars if he could--something surely more dangerous than a typical plane flight.<br />Anyway, Bradbury himself turned out to be quite a character, and perhaps some of that gets into his stories like this one. The Martian Chronicles shows Bradbury at his best, in a story that ranks as one of the greatest mood pieces in science-fiction and as a story of a people's hopeful, romantic, but failed vision of a new life in a new and unknown world.
0385486804|5.0|i have read this book twice, in a total of 3 days.  the picture krakauer  paints of chris/alex is one of possibly the most intriguing person i have  ever met.  one gets the sense that the apparent contradictions in chris'  personality had a deeper underlying logic that when understood would show  that they are not contradictions at all, just the behavior of someone who  understands quite a bit more (or maybe quite a bit less) than we.  this  book is fantastic, i encourage anyone with a sense of adventure to read it.   and it you dont have such a sense, this book may give you one.  :)
0553274503|5.0|I had to read this story in my 8th grade English class 35 years ago.  Later, the novelette and the book Charlie, based on the movie, came out.  I  read and enjoyed those too, but I will never forget the impression the  original short story had on me. I thought the movie, which starred Cliff  Robertson as Charlie, was pretty decent also with Robertson doing a  commendable job in the lead role.<br /><br />The story is so well known I won't say  much more here, except to  say that this tale of a retarded man's rise to,  and fall from, genius, is one of the most poignant and moving stories of  all time. I only know of one  other like it, Thomas Disch's Camp Concentration, where people are given an  experimental mind drug that multiplies their IQ's several times--greatly  amplifying their intelligence--while the progessively lethal side effects of the drug are killing their bodies at the same time, an interesting concept. If  you liked Flowers for Algernon, you might also like Disch's novel. One word  of warning--keep a dictionary ready for the end of the book. You'll need  it.<br /><br />Flowers for Algernon would be my tie pick for the greatest Sci-Fi  short story of all time, the other one being Isaac Asimov's Nightfall.
B00000J7JO|5.0|Californication was the first RHCP CD i bought.  I had heard &quot;under  the bridge&quot; on the radio and liked it, but didn't like the other funk  rock that was on BSSM.  I then heard Otherside on the radio and liked it  even more.  i listened to mp3's on the internet, which eventually led to my  purchase of the cd (who says mp3's prevent the artist from making money?).   I grew to enjoy the other funk rock that was on Californication, and looked  into Blood Sugar Sex Magik.  I also liked that and am planning on  purchasing it also.  i cant wait for their next cd!  so for all you  starting fans that aren't sure, this is definitely the album for you, even  if you dont buy any others.
0783225970|5.0|I have read many of the reviews here, and have a few words to offer  potential purchasers.  <br />Firstly, may I say that I am not a fan of Brian  De Palma's work; his directorial &quot;style&quot; is almost entirely  derivative (if not simply theft of the unique techniques of some of the  greatest directors in cinematic history).  While this is not a bad thing in  and of itself -- they're great directors for a reason -- in De Palma's case  it typically results in mediocre, clumsy films (and sometimes even worse).   Scarface is *NOT* one of those mediocre films.  It is arguably a cinematic  masterpiece, whether by De Palma's design or by accident -- more likely the  latter.  Despite the controversy surrounding its release, it received  favorable initial reviews from nearly every credible critic. Even those  critics who offered negative reviews at the time of Scarface's release have  since rescinded, with the exception of Leonard Maltin -- a man who once  gave Waterworld three stars, I believe.<br />Some have written here, claiming  Scarface is nothing but an ultra-violent, obscene, morally repugnant tale  of a coke-dealing Cuban emigre.  I would suggest that nothing is further  from the truth.  Scarface is, above all else, a superbly written  screenplay, and an incredibly well-acted film.  Al Pacino still recounts to  this day that Tony Montana is by far the favorite of the roles he has taken  over the years.  Just about every actor (and actress!) in Hollywood has  their own Tony Montana impersonation -- none as good as Pacino's, however.   Scarface is the film that launched Michelle Pfeiffer's career; it is also  the film that launched Oliver Stone's.  Note that the film launched Oliver  Stone's career because it is so much MORE than merely a violent gangster  tale; it conveys a very subtle, yet effective anti-capitalist message well  in-line with Stone's political preferences.  While I will not give away the  film's plot to those who have not seen Scarface, I would ask those that  have to consider this: what brings about Tony's downfall, and why?  The  answer of course, is that despite all of Tony's capitalist ambitions, he is  too moral (and not enough of a capitalist pig) to kill innocent women and  children to further himself.<br />I didn't see Scarface until 1995 or so  because I assumed that no film from the early 1980s that I hadn't already  seen (particularly one by a notoriously hack director) could capture my  interest.  After being dragged to watch it with much protest on my part, it  captured my imagination and entertained me immensely.  It is undoubtedly my  favorite movie, in that I can watch it again and again, and enjoy it every  time.  I will not say that it is the greatest movie of all time; The  Godfather, Schindler's List, and quite a number of other films are  superior, in more respects than one.  Scarface will undoubtedly, however,  be regarded as a modern classic 20 years from now, much in the same way we  now regard films like A Clockwork Orange and Apocalypse Now.  It is already  embedded in popular culture (although you likely miss the references if you  have not seen the film) -- do not miss out any longer if you have not  already seen the film.
1878424319|5.0|On the surface, each of the four agreements seem simple and straight  forward.  We understand the truth of them, but putting them into practice  is more difficult.  I know not to take things personally, that whatever  anyone does or says tells me more about that person than it does about me.   I know it intellectually, but living it and feeling it are something else.   My reactions tell me that I DO take things, personally, even as I am able  to tell myself otherwise.  Ruiz helps us get past that dilemma.  Similarly,  I DO make assumptions and have to remind myself to check them out, at  least, if I can't stop assuming and interpreting.  I can ask, Is this what  you meant?  But speaking our truth also means being aware of the power of  our words.  All of these concepts are part of doing our best, the fourth  agreement.  Ruiz's explanations of these four simple truths take us a step  closer to the ideal of living by them.  A book to re-read and ponder,  remembering to be gentle with ourselves as we strive to do better. ~Joan  Mazza, author of DREAM BACK YOUR LIFE and DREAMING YOUR REAL SELF
079073804X|4.0|The Exorcist, the all too familiar tale of a young girl possessed by a  demon, still stands, nearly 30 years after its release, as the greatest  horror film ever made. I think this says more about the general quality of  the horror genre than anything else as even the over-rated 'Sixth Sense'  doesn't come close to capturing the sheer psychological horror of this film  (let alone the lame teen slasher flicks of the 80's and 90's). In fact, the  only film that comes close would be the orginal 'The Omen'. Though not  nearly as well developed as the original book, the film is still a  brilliantly executed battle between the forces of good and evil draped in  an atmosphere that simply terrifying. It is to the great work of [director]  William Friedkin (the only good film he has ever made, interesting enough)  that the films true source of power is that the characters and the  situation they find themselves in come across so, well, 'believable'. The  make-up FX of Dick Smith are still great and haunting and the  cinematography is masterful. Combine this with the added features of the  Special Edition, and you have a film that simply must be purchased.
B00004TWZF|5.0|People are complaining here that the &quot;original&quot; American version  was better. I find it very hard to believe. I saw this film first when it  was released in Europe. I've seen it 10 times in a row, actually. I was  very young and since then a lot of things changed. When I saw it released  on a DVD, I was a little unsure -will I like it now? I've gone through a  lot of different fazes over these years and my tastes kept jumping from  Spielberg to Polansky, from Tarkovsky to Tarantino, from Altman to Cameron,  from Carpenter to Herzog, from &quot;007&quot; to Kubrick and on and on. I  was very unsure if this little romantic dream of my youth would touch me  again. My God! Did it really! Since I bought this DVD (2 days ago) I  watched it three times already and I'll watch it again and again. The music  score is perfect and, trust me, I didn't stuck in the 80's as far as music  and fashion go (although I have to admit that American music never touched  me much with the exception of classics like... well, you know) The ending  is my favorite part of the movie. There wouldn't be a movie without this  ending! Have you tried to watch it with &quot;isolated music score&quot;  feature turned on? I suggest you try it. I think that people who don't like  the director's cut simply suffer from the well-known syndrome &quot;the  first experience is always the best one&quot;. The same thing happened to  me, for example, when I saw the director's cut of Blade Runner - I was  really missing the narration the first few times! Now? No way! (well, maybe  for the old times sake) If you truly love something you'll love it in any  shape and form and sooner or later you'll recognize it's most perfect  variation. Watch this film again and if you haven't yet - buy it, rent it,  whatever, just watch it! As someone said here: It will change your life! As  for other Besson's movies, Leon (The professional) is probably the next  best one. I never cared much for Nikitta and The fifth element is SO  Hollywood it shouldn't even be mentioned in this contents (perfect  entertainment though).
6300215717|5.0|Audrey Hepburn plays the dazzling Princess Anne in this movie, along with  Gregory Peck (the handsome reporter Joe). No wonder Hepburn received an  Oscar for her performance! Beautifully elegant, she steals the screen with  her looks and grace. The ending may be a little bit upsetting, but if the  ending was not the way it was, the movie would have been long-forgotten.  It's excellent. I'm an Audrey Hepburn fan all the way around, and for you  other Hepburn fans, this is a must see movie!
B00000IPAX|4.0|I'm not a teenager and I don't tend toward radio music, but I have to say  I like this album for its catchy riffs and goofy fun.  Actually, I think  these guys are sadly overlooked as great musicians.  They are tight, they  play fast, and they write great hooks.  The music is melodic and intense,  not brooding, generally not angry, and the lyrics are pretty funny.  I  think we should support them for that complete mockery of the Backstreet  Boys they did, if for no other reason.  Well done, boys.
B00000K44W|5.0|Music is more than just banging your head or getting girls. Music conjers  up memories sweet memories.  Heavy Horses does that better than any album  ever written. Sit in utter revalry and listen to my favorite song of all  time, The Rover.  I've worn out two tapes and one LP, but now I've got the  CD.  I'm happy this is not a popular album, because now it seems like i'ts  ALL MINE. Thanks Ian!
B00003CX95|4.0|If you're going to buy this DVD, buy it for the movie, not for the extra  features.  The 28-minute &quot;making of&quot; documentary was moderately  interesting.  The greater disappointment was Mel Gibson's feature  commentary soundtrack.  Not only were there large gaps of silence (you'll  sometimes wonder if you've got the right audio channel selected!), but even  when he did speak, he doesn't provide any great insight to how he  approached a scene.  His explanations of some of the technical aspects fall  short, too.  Frankly, he sounds bored through most of it.
B00000IMYA|4.0|The story behind this record is priceless.  The music opinion minders of  America had, in their infinite wisdom, buried Duke Ellington because of a  short term composing slump (after a quarter century of jazz composing  unmatched by anyone else).  So his PR buddies raised as much sand as they  could and got Time magazine to commit to a cover story.  The story would  follow Ellington's appearance at the Newport Festival.  Ellington arrives  at the festival without a recording contract but agrees to sign with  Columbia before going onstage.<br />When Duke mounts the stage in the early  evening several band members are AWOL.  He plays a three song set, then  leaves the stage to await the arrival of the whole band.  The other players  arrive but the band is not allowed back on stage until midnight, by which  time the Ellington detractors and some innocent bystanders are lubricated  enough to go nuts when Duke plays some rock'n'roll featuring Paul  Gonzalves' ten-minute tenor sax solo!  And just that easy the Duke's career  gets another ten year lease on life, thank God!  What a goofy planet we  live on.<br />Columbia doesn't like the live recording so much of the  performance is reproduced bogus in the studio the next Monday.  Upon  release the bogus recording goes on to become Ellington's best selling LP!   The real concert has been unavailable until this release.<br />The sound is  great.  The band is great.  The trumpet section has four talented and  unique stylists.  The 'festival suite' is good blues.  Just about all the  Ellingtonians get to strut their stuff and nobody struts better than Johnny  Hodges on Jeep's Blues.<br />Quibbles:  I don't like the crooner Jimmy  Grissom, who sings one song (Ray Nance has held up much better).  And the  staccato thing behind Harry Carney on the last bridge of Sophisticated Lady  is not to my taste.  And if there was a way to follow Diminuendo with  Johnny Hodges on one disk it would have been better.
6304675348|5.0|tenage flick about serial killer's dressing up in the most amazing costume  and draining victims one by one, a girl named sidney has had problems since  her mum died in a brutel death, a year later when sidney is about to forget  the death of her mother more murders simular to her mums death happens,  when mr ghost killer is after her, she starts to belive that the person in  the costume is the person who killed her mother, the end of the movie end's  in a bit of a stupid way but the begening starts very nice and gory{a film  for our collections}my advice to you is to buy this movie as soon as  possible.
B000002HHB|5.0|I find in Natalie one of my favorites. This album, entitled TIGERLILY, has  some remarkable qualities, although some people do not tend to admit it. I  am amazed at how she's been targeted in such a negative way by some people.  Hell, she doesn't possess the vocal mastery of, say, Whitney Houston, but  she's got some talents, not the least of 'em is she's been able to write  very decent songs - - - and produce an album that is truly  well-crafted!<br />OPHELIA is good, difficult to describe though, but this cd  is, if anything, even better. The 10000 Maniacs were an other story.  Natalie Merchant is something different - is this all that TOO different  from the Maniacs to be accepted by (most of) the fans? I know TIGERLILY may  sound &quot;cavernous&quot;, a bit too dark... Yet, that was her music  freely expressed and I think it reflects her feelings in a specific time;  this album is meant to be &quot;understood&quot; under this view. Turn off  the light, close your eyes, then let the music and her voice unfold: feel  what she proposed to share with you, within your soul. Taste the rather  nostalgic atmosphere, just let it flow in your head!<br />With or without the  Maniacs, this woman is NOT an impotent player or an imbecile!!!  Someone  may hate her album, question of taste or something (I respect opinions),  yet I think the otherwise &quot;bitchy&quot; demolition she's received in  some reviews is deceiving. It is not Natalie's music that is 'annoying' or  'boring', it is those indigest reviews that fail to undestand her personal  musical development. And how annoying are some of those descriptions that  lack clarity and depth?<br />No, Natalie, you are not guilty. You are an  obvious, undeniable influence upon A LOT of independent musicians and  singers around the world - all of them could recognize and testify your  talent, again, with or without the 10000 Maniacs'legacy.<br /> Case closed !  
6305089957|4.0|after the brutel death of sidney's best friends, she moves city and goes  to unnivrsity,when stab the movie comes out other phyco killers need to  copy what happened in the past , they decide to strike directly at sidney  herself and carry on with their sequel but all hell falls when sidney  decides to defend herself in life and death problem, start of the movie is  quite funny,1 or 2 long boreing scenes and the end is pretty good.My advice  to you is if you like part 1 your love part 2.
B0000029DD|5.0|This cd is a must for any collection.  I can't remember a time I was  without it either in the car or at home.  Jeff was passionate and powerful.   His music hits you with everything imaginable and soothes your soul.
0441172717|4.0|Thankfully I read the prequel, House Atreides, before Dune so I had some  background on the characters. Even so, this is an awkward, difficult book  to get into. It doesn't have enough action and is filled with unending  detail on the powers and backgrounds of the different races of people. The  intrigues are endless and many of the connections are difficult to  deceipher. But there is brillance. Herbert's Imperium is a fantastic world,  strange and familiar at the same time. Being in it made me view our own  planet differently. I think that's the sign of a good book, that it stays  with you and has some effect on your perspective....and this book can  definitely do that.
6305078491|1.0|In a word - BORING. A total waste of money, viewing time and  celluloid.<br />By far the worst vampire movie I've seen. Totally  uninteresting, devoid of interest and barely watchable - the acting is such  that ham sandwiches could be made from it. The previous review summed up my  view re: transfer to DVD.<br />Go elsewhere if you want to experience the  genre
B00000016V|5.0|I bought this album as soon as it was released(as I did with all the  previous Doors albums). Several cuts really stand out...&quot;The  Changeling&quot;, &quot;L.A.Woman&quot;, &amp; &quot;Riders On the  Storm&quot;  portray the feeling of the times...just close your eyes &amp;  listen!
0062502182|5.0|A friend gave me this book a few weeks ago with the instructions to read  it at least every six months to keep a good perspective on life.  Intrigued  by his words, I immediately began the Alchemist, and realized that he was  right.  Coehlo's insight is extraordinary and uplifting.  While at times  his messages are a bit forced, the story and morals occur plainly enough  for effective conveyance without overdoing it. I plan on buying this book  for all my friends, for everyone should learn to dream of their own  personal legend and fufillment.
6305165912|5.0|I have seen a lot of hysterical things in my life, but this movie will put  you on the floor! Bridges and Goodman come out swinging and it will take  you until the movie ends to catch your breath!  It starts with someone  &quot;messing up&quot; the Dude's carpet that just sort of &quot;tied the  room together&quot; and it keeps going from there!  The picture and sound  quality is incredible.  If you buy one movie for straight up laughs, BUY  THIS MOVIE TODAY!
0767821629|2.0|I really enjoy Sci-Fi films and the whole cyberpunk genre, but this movie  just didn't do it for me.  The trailers for this film looked compelling, so  I rented it on VHS, but after about 20 minutes I was out like a light.  I  found this film so dry that it put me to sleep.  Look for your Sci-Fi  elsewhere kiddies, this one is more potent than Niquil.
B00000JCOV|1.0|I would like to say that anyone who likes this band has obviously never  listened to fear factory, pantera, spineshank (great up-and-coming band).  The singer Corey has a very unimpressive voice. He should take singing  lessons from Burton Bell of fear factory. And the rest of the band is for  the most part equally mediocre. And they sound horrible live!! That is all  i can say, this band kinda disgusts me, reminds me of how mindless and dumb  music listeners are nowadays. Unfortunate really...seriously though, if you  like this album, buy fear factory's 'demanufacture' the greatest metal  industrial masterpiece ever. Or for a avery impressive new band in the vien  of this band, try out spineshanks 'strictly deisel' or up-and-coming 'the  height of callousness'. and anything by pantera, they are top class!
B00000DHTF|5.0|This is not an album for the Born in the USA fan!  This is for the true  fan that can let Springsteen under their skin and sit for a little while.   This is for the fan that feels emotions, and is not just out for a pop  album.  If you like the Boss and dig all sides of the coin, check it out.
B00004SCX6|1.0|Britney Spears has no voice!!!!!! She sucks!!!!! Which means her CD isn't  that great!!!Exactly!! This CD is Better than her first one just because  some of her songs have a meaning(just SOME).But it proves that she has no  voice.<br />  1.Her CD is full of groans 'cause that's all she knows how to  do. Especially Oops...I did it again. I would really like to thank all the  people that fix up the music with the computers but sorry guys her voice is  really BAD!You really can't cover it up.So vocally this CD is really BAD!    2.Some of the lyrics are okay(like Lucky, ...)but most of them (like  Oops...I did it again, What you see (is what you get),and alot more)really  send out the wrong message to kids. I mean I've seen some kids 6years old  singing Oops...I did it again.If you are a parent do really want your kid  saying she isn't innocent!!Listen to the song next time you go to the Music  Shop and I swear after one or two songs you are never going to consider  buying that CD for your kids.And if your a teen, come on think about it,  she has no voice,no talent or anything. All she has is publicity.There are  alot of better CD's out there like Christins Aguilera's(The Best,Christina  has the BEST voice) or Mandy Moore's(WOW!and she's only FIfteen) or Jassica  Simpsons's(She is really SWEET and TALENTED). In conclusion I made a BIG  MISTAKE buying this CD!!!!!!!
B000009EAD|4.0|When I heard this CD....I thought I was listening to the 80's Iron  Maiden...with a bigger metallic stomp. This is my first and only ICED EARTH  record, but I am very impressed and can't wait to get a hold of their other  stuff. The album kicks off with the crunchy guitars and netherworldly bell  chimes of &quot;Burning Times&quot;. &quot;Melancholy&quot; is the best  song on this cd and Matthew Barlow adds a lot of soul to his pained and  agonised voice. The rest of them range from good to the ordinary....the  good ones being &quot;Stand Alone&quot;, &quot;The Reaping Stone&quot;,  &quot;The Prophecy&quot; and &quot;Birth of the wicked&quot;. Its great to  have a steadfast band that relies on good lyrics and over-the-top guitars,  rather than hip-hop and rap influences. Kudos!
B00004SCX6|1.0|Britney Spears has no voice!!!!!! She sucks!!!!! Which means her CD isn't  that great!!!Exactly!! This CD is Better than her first one just because  some of her songs have a meaning(just SOME).But it proves that she has no  voice.<br />  1.Her CD is full of groans 'cause that's all she knows how to  do. Especially Oops...I did it again. I would really like to thank all the  people that fix up the music with the computers but sorry guys her voice is  really BAD!You really can't cover it up.So vocally this CD is really BAD!    2.Some of the lyrics are okay(like Lucky, ...)but most of them (like  Oops...I did it again, What you see (is what you get),and alot more)really  send out the wrong message to kids. I mean I've seen some kids 6years old  singing Oops...I did it again.If you are a parent do really want your kid  saying she isn't innocent!!Listen to the song next time you go to the Music  Shop and I swear after one or two songs you are never going to consider  buying that CD for your kids.And if your a teen, come on think about it,  she has no voice,no talent or anything. All she has is publicity.There are  alot of better CD's out there like Christins Aguilera's(The Best,Christina  has the BEST voice) or Mandy Moore's(WOW!and she's only FIfteen) or Jassica  Simpsons's(She is really SWEET and TALENTED). In conclusion I made a BIG  MISTAKE buying this CD!!!!!!!
B00004TRD8|5.0|Again, this is another movie I'm not going to try to sell you on.  If you  are considering buying this DVD version, you probably already know it and  love it.  Believe me, you will not be disappointed.  The video and sound  transfers are amazing - five stars to both - and the extra features will  keep you busy for days.  The only video flaws I saw were in the Special  Edition, when an out-take scene was added, lines are noticable across the  screen for a split second.  Also, I was a little disappointed that the SE  cut didn't include the scene where the T-1000 feels John's belongings in  the boy's room, but it is certainly not a necessity, and so much was  included anyway.  Since the disc contains both cuts of the film, purists  can watch their original, and interested parties can see how many of the  extra scenes fit into an extended version, a version that actually works  quite well, if it is a little over-long.  My only complaints with this disc  are the packaging.  Two versions of the Ultimate Edition exist - one that  has one disc, and one that has two.  The two-disc version comes in a  normal, thin case, just like the regular, but because there is an extra  plastic flap to hold the second disc, you cannot put the massive book  inside the case.  Instead, you have to kind of stuff it in the metal,  exterior case, which can be a bit of a pain.  Other than that, this DVD  will satisfy the fans and the extra-features junkies for a long time.
0553208845|4.0|For those of you who are religous I challenge you to read this book more  than others.  This book of a Buddist man with a Hinndu father who shows his  own take on religion.  Although I myself am not very religious, I found  this book to be most interesting and informative.  Siddartha starts as an  avarage kid looking for an answer and chooses to find it in his own way.  His persoality and actions change many times throughout the book until he  believes he has found the truth.  This is a good story of life as Siddartha  goes from aestetic to materialistic to Buddist.  This is an excellent story  while being most informative of basic principals to differnet religions.  I  recommend this book to anyone interested in learning general knowledge of  religion.
B00003CXGP|1.0|This movie was terrible...almost unwatchable.  The acting paralleled that  of a high school play.  I kept waiting for some interesting characters to  develop, but they never did.<br />Don't waste your time.
0140177396|5.0|In so few pages Steinbeck creates two characters who you fall in love with  immediatly.  Goerge and Lennie make the perfect pair for the classic  Steinbeck book.  This is the story of two travelers who have a dream such  as anyone else.  Along the way they meet both highs and lows as they strive  toward their retirement dream.  The excellent combinatiion of george and  lennie makes for many laughable situations that will make you smile with  sad stories that touch your heart.  This is one book that you can really  get into and feel for the characters.  You won't be sorry to read this  short novel that is sure to get your applause at the unexpected and  imprezzive ending.
B00004SCX6|3.0|I don't own this CD, but I have heard a lot of it thanks to the little  girls I babysit for. Britney Spears was cute when she first came out,  pre-Rolling Stone. Her image has changed a little since the innocent  looking girl on Baby One More Time's cover. That's not the problem I have  with her. I liked her when she first came out, until I saw her live on tv  and realized she really does not have much talent. Unless you count dancing  and dressing the way she does talent.  The problem with this CD, is that it  sounds too much like Baby One More Time. The title tracks are nearly  identical as far as beats, tunes, and vocal moans go. The other songs are  not any more original. There are some exceptions, her version of  Satisfaction is original and pretty good. I also like the song Stronger.  The lyrics and vocals are not the best, but it is a good dance song. There  is one terrible song though. Dear Diary is pure mush. It is one of the  worst songs I have ever heard and the only one Britney has attempted to  write. I can't remember much about the other songs except that they are  typical Britney-ish songs. If liked you her first CD, chances are you will  also like this one.
B00003OSSM|4.0|Coping with the loss of a spouse is, of course, a traumatic experience;  but what would it be like to have to deal with such grief, only to have it  exacerbated by the revelation that your husband / wife was having an  affair?  Such is the situation for two people in \\"Random Hearts,\\" a drama  that explores pain and suffering, despair and obsession, and the sense of  isolation and need that overcomes Dutch Van Den Broeck (Harrison Ford) and  Kay Chandler (Kristin Scott Thomas) in the wake of a tragic plane crash  that claims, respectively, his wife and her husband.  Director Sydney  Pollack weaves an intricate story that begins with the hint of the  indiscretion, is followed closely by the tragedy, then quickly escalates  into the discovery of the affair by Van Den Broeck, who subsequently  locates and contacts Chandler.  In what is essentially a character  study of how differently the parties involved respond to their grief, and  how the knowledge of the infidelity effects them individually, Pollack very  deliberately peals away the layers of emotion until the feelings of each  are laid bare and exposed.  Ultimately it becomes the story of their  relationship; of the intimate bond formed between these total strangers who  share this dark secret foisted upon them in such an unseemly manner.  He is  a cop; not only a cop, but an internal affairs cop in Washington, D.C.   It's his job to observe people and to notice situations, to know when  something is out of place or just not right.  Yet his own wife was having  an affair, and he didn't have a clue; and in dealing with his emotions, in  sorting it all out, he becomes obsessed with finding out everything.  Where  did they meet, when and how; how long had it been going on?  Who was he,  did they have a \\"place\\" of their own.  Where were they going on that  fateful day?  Adamant, he pushes himself to find the answers, while Kay  Chandler, a congresswoman up for reelection, wants nothing to do with it.   Dealing with itin her own way, she opts to pursue a more immediate form of  closure on her own, choosing to suppress her feelings while declining Van  Den Broeck's attempts to include her in his incessant investigation.   Unlike him, to deal with the pain and confusion, she has to move on.  She  doesn't want to know anything about the affair between her husband and his  wife, and not because she feels any less than he does; it's simply a matter  of doing what she must to cope, just as he is.  The difference:  He has to  know; she must not.    Ford does a more than capable job with an  emotionally charged, challenging role, using just enough restraint to make  the obsession into which he's channeled his feelings effective, keeping the  tone subtle rather than overblown and demonstrative.  Scott Thomas is  excellent as well, externalizing the predominately internal turmoil she is  experiencing with clarity and precision.  She succinctly conveys the depth  of her emotions, placing it all just above the surface so that it leaves  you with a strong sense of what is really raging just beneath.  There's a  definite connection established between Ford and Scott Thomas, but no real  chemistry; but then again, this isn't a romantic love story, but a story of  two people at loose ends helping one another cope with unique, unfathomable  circumstances.  The excellent supporting cast includes Charles Dutton  (Alcee), Bonnie Hunt (Wendy), Dennis Haysbert (Beaufort), Sydney Pollack  (Carl), Richard Jenkins (Truman), Paul Guilfoyle (Dick), Peter Coyote  (Cullen), Susanna Thompson (Peyton) and Dylan Baker (Richard).  \\"Random  Hearts\\" is a somber film that demonstrates just how vulnerable we all are,  and how life as we know it can change in an instant; a solid drama expertly  delivered by Pollack and an outstanding cast that leaves the indelible  impression that no matter what you think you know, the human heart will  forever remain a mystery to us all.
0425166805|4.0|Chances are,  you have heard of Erich von Daniken.  Furthermore, you  probably have heard about all the negative criticism about his ideas and  theories,  such as how he made illogical conclusions and exaggerated  certain details. Some of these accusations are true,  but Daniken provides  several strong points proving that we have been visited by  extraterrestrials in the ancient past.<br />  Daniken examines many aspects of  archaeology in this book:  such as strips beside huge drawings that appear  to be landing strips for UFOs,  examines many ancient texts,  a map which  appears to be an accurate map of Antartica created before any kind of  technology would enable us to do such a thing,  and many,  many more  things.<br />  Daniken did make many illogical conclusions,  but this is more  than made up by the strong statements proving that we could have been  visited by extraterrestrials in our far,  far past.
B000002MU3|3.0|This CD contains perhaps R.E.M.'s finest single track, and yet I can only  give the album 3 stars--which goes to show how disappointing the album  truly is.<br />The great song in question? Well, it's none other than the  closing track, a song called &quot;You.&quot; Now if you've never heard  this album, then you probably haven't heard the song since it got  absolutely no radio play. So let me tell you a bit about this tune. It is  simply the most psychadelic-sounding song to come around since XTC became  The Dukes Of Stratosphear in the mid-80's. Picture an industrial-sounding  &quot;Time Has Come Today&quot; (by the Chambers Brothers) and you get some  idea. If you're familiar with &quot;Lotus&quot; off R.E.M.'s Up album, then  you might have some idea of what I'm talking about, although that tune  doesn't quite hit the mark as well as this one. <br />As for the rest of  Monster, mediocre R.E.M. at best.
0684833395|3.0|This is one of those books that bothered me while I was reading it. Sure it was funny but I also felt insulted as I read. Nonetheless, I always  picked it up the next day and read on.<br />Let me start by saying that I  preferred M*A*S*H much more because it didn't take itself too seriously. It  was raunchier and 100 times funnier. Catch-22 simply tries way too hard.  The paradoxical, catch-22 situations are too many and grow tiresome. The  whole book is that way! It could have been about 200 pages shorter!<br />The  insulting part is how military professionals are all portrayed as complete  and utter idiots. Sure, all the characters are very quirky and  idiosyncratic, but the military pros are absolutely unlikable and seem to  possess no redeeming qualities like the others. As one who has read a great  deal of WWII history this was bothersome. I understand the literary  technique but it's just too much.<br />READ M*A*S*H INSTEAD. SAVE THIS FOR  LATER. YOSSARIAN LIVES.
B00004TRD8|5.0|Too often, production studios fail to take advantage of the revolutionary  technologies available with the advent of the DVD. This is not the case  with Terminator 2: Judgment Day - The Ultimate DVD Edition. Not by a long  shot.<br />This release should set the standard for all collector's editions  to come. Including both the theatrical release and an extended new  &quot;Director's&quot; cut -- complete with fantastic re-mixed 5.1 surround  -- fans can't lose. Don't like the new version? Stick with what works. Want  to see what was left on the cutting-room floor? Have a look at the new  one.<br />Director's cuts often suck. They make you realize why the  &quot;new&quot; scenes were deleted in the first place. This release is not  one of them.<br />Watch it. Often. It is, after all, the &quot;Ultimate&quot;  DVD edition. Really..
0380002930|5.0|My mother read this story to me when I was about nine.  I've re-read it  several times, and even seen the movie (yes, there is one).  Who would have  thought a story about a bunch of rabbits could be this good?
0792837924|5.0|A loan shark from Florida, who loves movies and winds up in Hollywood on a  collection job, decides to take a shot at the movie business while he's  there, in \\"Get Shorty,\\" directed by Barry Sonnenfeld.  Dark humor and  richly textured characters drive this story of Chili Palmer (John  Travolta), the shylock from Miami Beach who aspires to a life beyond  keeping a book for thugs, in this faithful adaptation of the Elmore Leonard  novel.  When circumstances take him to Las Vegas to look for one Leo Devoe  (David Paymer), a dry-cleaner in debt up to his eyeballs who blew town  after an airline scam, Chili goes on to Hollywood to do a favor for the  casino operator who tipped him off as to Leo's whereabouts.  The \\"favor\\" is  contacting film director Harry Zimm (Gene Hackman) who has payment overdue  on a note issued to him by the casino.  Zimm has made a name for himself  (at least in his own mind) by directing horror movies; but he's not the  sharpest tool in the shed.  Ultimately, Chili gets involved with Zimm and  actress Karen Flores (Rene Russo), who has starred in some of Zimm's horror  flicks, as well as with two time Academy Award nominee Martin Weir (Danny  DeVito), the \\"shorty\\" of the title.  Chili is finally in his element, but  his Miami Beach days are not yet behind him; there's still some settling up  to do according to one Ray \\"Bones\\" Barboni (Dennis Farina), owner of the  book kept by Chili in Florida.  Travolta not only goes the distance  here, but creates a definitive character in Chili; even as Sean Connery is  James Bond, and Basil Rathbone is Sherlock Holmes, Travolta \\"is\\" Chili  Palmer.  With nuance and charisma, he does this guy from the inside out.   He has the look and the mannerisms; he walks the walk and talks the talk.   And nobody in the history of the cinema has used a cigarette as a prop  better than he does in this movie.  It's a commanding, Oscar-worthy  performance, every bit as good (possibly even better) than the role of  Vincent hecreated in \\"Pulp Fiction.\\"  His presence simply dominates the  film, and he's up against some stiff competition, because this movie is  filled with great characters.  Not only Hackman, who does a terrific job as  Zimm, but Russo, who sizzles, and DeVito, who adds some real flair as the  \\"Movie Star,\\" and Farina, whose toughness and lack of wit make him a  memorable character.  Also exceptional are Delroy Lindo, as Bo Catlett, a  thug and wanna-be movie producer, James Gandolfini, as \\"Bear,\\" a stuntman  who works with Catlett, and Jon Gries as Ronnie, a \\"Hollywood\\" style tough  guy who also works with Catlett.    Sonnenfeld did a great job of  bringing this world of \\"Get Shorty\\" to life.  The story is interesting and  delivered with outstanding dialogue and plenty of action, all of which  Sonnenfeld keeps moving at a perfect pace and with impeccable timing.  This  is one thoroughly enjoyable, funny movie that absolutely begs for a sequel.   In recommending it, I have to borrow one of Chili Palmer's best lines:   \\"Look at me.\\"  Because that says it all.  This is one movie you don't want  to miss.
B000002J6H|5.0|If you haven't heard the selection, Black Queen, buy the CD and listen.   This is one of the best recorded Stills selections and is a blues jem.
0671034065|5.0|If you are looking for a good book that reads fast this is the one.I Love  Linda Howard books,you always get an interesting story.The interplay  between Sam and Jaine is funny and sweet,even when they are fussing.Now to  wait for her next book.*sigh*
0394720288|5.0|In his excellent introduction, Alexander Cockburn notes that &quot;the  true Wodehouse fan has the concentration of a butterfly, fluttering  inconsequently over Wodehouse country and prattling foolishly about favored  features of the region. Very irritating, for serious tourists and new  arrivals.&quot;<br />Do not fret.  Within a few pages both the initiate and  the expert will be won over.  This is a superb book in the Wooster-Jeeves  series, full of Wooster's malapropisms, preposterous schemes, boggled  literary quotes (&quot;the snail was on the wing and the lark on the  thorn--or rather, the other way around . . . &quot;) and memories of  hi-jinks at Eton and the Drones' club.  Then there is Jeeves, the  gentleman's gentleman, aware of his subordinate position to Wooster,  but--as admitted by all-- possessing a greater knowledge of &quot;the  psychology of the individual.&quot; Consider the following exchange between  Bertie and the ever-troubled Augustus &quot;Gussie&quot; Fink-Nottle:  &quot;this is frightful, Bertie.&quot;  &quot;Not too good, no.&quot;  &quot;I'm in the soup.&quot; &quot;Up to the thorax.&quot; &quot;What's to  be done?&quot; &quot;I don't know.&quot; &quot;Can't you think of  anything?&quot; &quot; Nothing. We must put out trust in a higher  power.&quot; &quot;Consult Jeeves, you mean?&quot;<br />The book's events  appear to take place soon after those described in &quot;Right Ho,  Jeeves,&quot; and before &quot;Joy in the Morning.&quot;  As mentioned  above, one is easily drawn into the humorous misadventures of our  protagonists and their screwball plotting against Gussie's fianc&eacute;'s father  and his  neo-Fascist friend, Spode, modeled after England's Sir Oswald  Mosley. Written in 1938, even the humorous hand of Wodehouse touches on the  threat of the fascist &quot;black shorts&quot; (the shirts, apparently, had  already been taken).<br />Lighthearted fare, but perfectly crafted by a master  of modern farce. This book is simply a delight, a compote of impossibly  funny personalities sweetened with a meringue of wit and satire. P.G.  Wodehouse, along with those other two-initialed humorists of the early to  mid-20th century (E.B. White, S.J. Perelman, A.J. Leibling) is one of our  most treasured writers.  Give &quot;The Code of the Woosters&quot; a try; I  think you'll soon join his legion of fans.  Most highly recommended!, a compote of impossibly  funny personalities sweetened with a meringue of wit and satire. P.G.  Wodehouse, along with those other two-initialed humorists of the early to  mid-20th century (E.B. White, S.J. Perelman, A.J. Leibling) is one of our  most treasured writers.  Give &quot;The Code of the Woosters&quot; a try; I  think you'll soon join his legion of fans.  Most highly recommended!
B000002NJS|5.0|After the album Evita and the baby Lourdes,I was wondering what would  Madonna do.The album Ray of light really pleased me as a fan of the queen  of pop.Starting with the photography,the album is so intimate.As you hear  the first notes of Drowned World you find yourself in the mist of her  feelings and at the end of the journey Mer Girl tells you that it's your  turn to take your own journey to yourself.She isn't Beethoven,she isn't  Lennon.She is the one and only MADONNA!
B00004UEIF|4.0|This is the K2 Supercodeing re-issue of a timeless piece of musical  history.  JVC and Fantasy/OJC/Riverside teamed up to redux this one right  and they almost succeeded.  Other than the distortion on the first track,  this would be a 5 star home run.  This is the original Bill Evans Trio live  at the Village Vanguard with the soon to be late Scott Lafaro on bass.   This disc contains 6 original album cuts and I beleive 5 more alternate  takes which rescue the mess of the first track plus a bonus track from the  live date, PORGY.  This disc also contains a reading of a now familiar and  favorite Miles Davis tune, MILESTONES.  The K2 execution of this session  sounds better to this listener than the JVC XRCD version and at half the  price.  This is supposed to be a limited production run along with other  OJC/Fantasy/Prestige/Riverside jazz favorites including Sonny Rollins  Saxaphone Collosus, Wes Montgomery Incredible Jazz Guitar, Chet Baker Chet  and Art Pepper Meets the Rhythm Section.  All these discs sound great and  at least a power of 10 better than the original polycarbonate efforts.   Waltz for Debbie is a keeper.
B00004T37H|5.0|Princess Mononoke is a very great story with a very great cast!  I rented  it and watched it about 10 times before it had to go back the next day and  when I went to work I was really pissed and I bit peoples heads of and I  was just totally bummed because I couldn't watch it anymore so I rented it  again and I was my old self again...behold the power of Princess Mononoke!
B00004SCX6|5.0|My favorite song is &quot;One Kiss From You&quot; which is more along the  lines of Mariah Carey.  Tho Britney, unlike some artists, is not an  imitation of other artist: she has her own voice which is a combination of  Carey, Madonna, and Jewel, and something else. I wish people would stop  comparing her to Christina A. because their singing styles are way  different: Christina's style is more  base on power of voice like a Whitney  Houston.  Whereas Spears is more in line with a New Age voice like a Jewel:  soft and sweet in other words as most critics have said like Candy.  Other  songs that are good are &quot;Oops I Did it Again&quot; which would be a  real treat if you seen the video when it came out and was sold at  McDonalds: the video is visually stunning.  The other good song is radio  favorite: Lucky.  The other songs are nice tho I honestly think Her Baby  One More Time CD had more hits.  Neverless the fact that it has at least 3  good one makes it better than most.
0393039765|5.0|I think the movie has changed my life. Ive seen the movie more then 26  times. Its my favorite. And i am happy to say im going to execute the movie  in the year 2010. Get this book, read it, and maybe you'll know what im  talking about. The plot is thicker then you can imagin
B00003XB8K|5.0|I've been a fan of Enigma for quite a while now. Michael is like the man  behind the curtain in Wizard of Oz. You rarely get to see him, he doesn't  play live, he doesn't show himself all over his videos but he takes you to  a place that you've only dreamed about. Michael is a genious and this is my  favorite album of his. I recommend all of his albums but this is the best  in my opinion. DJ Slyside and jamie smith band wouldn't be the same without  Michael setting the standard.
0394906225|3.0|Dr. Seuss' original book is a wonderful, rhythmic book.  That book is suggested for children four to eight years old.  It is NOT the same as the  Bright and Early Board Book which will pull the same reviews here on  Amazon.com as the original book!<br />The board book is an abridged version of  the Dr. Seuss favorite.  It is not a bad book (my son has fun with the  board book which he received as a gift and likes to hear grandma make the  sounds Mr. Brown makes).  However, it is in no way as detailed as the  original (no gum-chewing hippo for example) and the rhythm doesn't quite  &quot;work&quot; in some places (&quot;...He can sound like a bee. Mr Brown  can buzz.  How about you?  Can you buzz? ...&quot;).<br />If I could separate  my reviews I would give the Bright and Early Board book Two Stars and the  Dr. Seuss original Four Stars.  Perhaps if I didn't know that the board  book was abridged I'd give it a higher score, but if you wish to make the  better purchase, I'd suggest you go with the original.
B00000K2SC|5.0|The matrix is one of the coolest movies I have ever seen. The special  efects are cool. I Liked the martial arts alot. The fight between Neo and  Morpheous was the best fighting seen. You have to watch this movie at least  twice to understand it fully. This film is defently Keano Reeves best movie  next to Speed. I like the way they explain everything in the first half of  the movie and then the action picks up. I really wish I could have seen it  in the theater. A must see for people who are into technology and action.
0783243499|5.0|...at how funny I found this movie.  I do have the book, and I think it is  too drawn out.  It is definately crude and crass.  I love the way it makes  fun of the &quot;I have this and you don't---Mine is better than  yours&quot; society.  I have worked with this kind of a crowd-----who has  the most expensive shoes, who can use verbage with big words.  It is  definately not one to watch with the kids around.  If you have an open mind  and a twisted sense of humor.  You will like this movie.
B000002HH2|5.0|I've been a fan of Bjork's since this album. Enjoy is my favorite song of  her's to date. DJ Burning loves to throw that one in the mix. I like almost  everything she's put out over the years except It's oh so quiet. I know it  was a single and a lot of people will disagree with me but it just wasn't  my thing. I'm anxious for the new album. I can't believe it's 5 years old  now.
0553579908|5.0|This continuation of the Fire and Ice series brings us even deeper into  the coming cold.  The frozen wastes beyond the wall are less of a rumor,  and more of a harsh reality for John Snow, as he and his companions venture  beyond the fading safety of their stronghold.  As in the first novel,  political intrigue shakes the kingdom and allies are fast forming sides in  the battle for the relm.  Long dead tales are taking living form in the  North, and the race is on to bolster the fading defenses that hold the dark  cold away.       One of the best things about this series is that the  characters are real to the reader.  It is easy to connect with their  personalities, and envision what they would be like in other situations.   However, the characters aren't the story.  The story itself drives what  happens to the characters, and it may be that your favorite character is  fated to, well, just remember John Stark.  Who would have guessed.  This is  one book that will keep the reader guessing and is sure to make waiting for  the next book in the series a real trial.
B000000FG8|5.0|this whole cd is killer. it has songs you can skank to like  &quot;smiling&quot;,&quot;freeze up&quot;,&quot;artificial  life&quot;,&quot;here we go again&quot;,&quot;yellin' in my ear&quot;, and  &quot;healthy body&quot;. the fast songs that can get you going  are,&quot;bombshell&quot;, &quot;junkie's running  dry&quot;,&quot;hoboken&quot;,and &quot;sleep long&quot;. the mellow songs  on here are,&quot;take warning&quot;, and &quot;bad town&quot;. and the  other songs i didn't mention are killer too. so this cd has what you want  to hear no matter what mood you are in. it is one of those cd's that when  you listen to it, it ends up being the only cd you listen to all week, over  and over. buy it and find out for yourself.
0679735909|3.0|jims, what be's up which dis book, mon?  dis book be fully turgid, mon,  likesay replete which da imagery of de olde poesie, wot.  dis book ben  written by a possessed woman, mon, dats what dis book be!  de faux poetry  be really-really fargone stinky, too--not axactly MC Grandmaster Alfred  Lord T.  know what i'm sayin'?  no, mon?  me neither.
B000003TSP|5.0|I've been a fan of Portishead for since 1995 and this is their best work  in my opinion. The beats are great, the bass is thick, the layers are dark,  and the vocals are perfect for their sound. All mine is my favorite song so  far. DJ Slyside is all over this band. Faith No More did a killer cover of  Portishead on the King for a Day tour.
B000005ILF|5.0|Mercury Falling seems to receive a bad rap often times among critics, who  can't seem to forgive Sting for venturing into the realm of (gasp!):  melancholy themes. It's true. It's much more grey and dismal than his  previous albums, and it's as if people can't stand the thought of  introverted song material.<br />This album is easily compared to Both Sides,  the 1993 release from Phil Collins. Though popular, this album did not  receive the publicity and appeal that its predecessors did -- due to  Collins' introverted and often sad music. However, if you talk to a  die-hard Collins fan, he/she will tell you that it's his best, deepest  work.<br />The same can be said for Mercury Falling. A common thread  throughout the album is Sting's depression and problems with love. So what?  So it's not all &quot;happy happy prancing flowers.&quot; Sting's terrific  songwriting talent is brought out wonderfully in these somber pieces,  namely &quot;Let Your Soul Be Your Pilot,&quot; &quot;Valparaiso,&quot;  (which features violins)and &quot;You Still Touch Me.&quot; The lyrics  alone to the beautiful sailor song &quot;Valparaiso&quot; are enough to  give the album a thumb's up. Sting, as usual, displays genre-hopping, most  namely with the gospel-esque &quot;Let Your Soul...&quot; and the  country-tinted &quot;I'm So Happy I Can't Stop Crying.&quot;<br />Sting's odd  metering tastes are most noted in &quot;I Was Brought To My Senses,&quot;  which also showcases terrifically, practically unwritable rhythms. &quot;I  Hung My Head,&quot; is the album's &quot;story song,&quot; and tells of a  man sentenced to die for murder. Sting's strange, but catchy melody for the  song -- one might call it simplistic and unfitting -- makes the song even  more realistic due to the character's simple education and existence in  what seems to be the old west. The song explores the non-existent motive of  the murder, and, in general, a very dark side of human nature and its  suppressed desires. Truly one of the album's standouts.<br />This album is  simply incredible. The ending piece, &quot;Lithium Sunset,&quot; is a  fantastic plea for change and life, which features a great harmonica solo,  in keeping with the odd instrumentalization of the album. Mercury Falling  is simply great. It is a venture away from pop music and into ambient music  from deep inside the human heart. I strongly recommend it. Or, I suppose  you could go back to your comfortable, warm fuzzy pop music...but would you  have explored anything if you did that?
B00004RJ74|5.0|This is not a guy movie.  Sorry, but this incredibly great exploitation flick is just as much fun for girls.  I know, cause hi, I'm a girl.   Quentin Tarantino (Who I happen to think is cute, besides being insane and  brilliant) wrote and starred in this.  Despite the fact that some say he  can't act, I think he was very good, clearly enjoying himself (although I'd  love to see the parents who spawned both him and george).  George (Who i  know is hot) is great, also enjoying a juicy role.  The rest are awesome.   I personally enjoyed the parts without the naked vampires, but that's my  girly side showing.  The movie, for me, ended when vampire QT went away  (his forehead was enormous) but the rest was still very amusing.  And  another note for those against Tarantino in front of the camera... how can  you dislike an actor who's having so much fun?   BEST LINES: Juliette:  Excuse me... where are you taking us? QT: Mexico J:  What's in Mexico? QT:  Mexicans
0517530716|4.0|Mary Shelley's Frankenstein requires a look at the context in order to  understand its true value.  As Wolf points out, Frankenstein is at time a  poorly written work, with overelaborations and wordy dialogue.  However,  within the context of Mary Shelley's life, the book takes on an entirely  new meaning:  that of a creator's disenfranchisement from her creation  (also, a woman's hatred of her own offspring).  Writing from a time when  birth control was primitive, and children were born (and died) often,  Frankenstein is an unusual look into what it means to be a woman with  creative energy that she cannot have control over.  This deeper level of  understanding is only accessible to me from the annotated version which  Leonard Wolf has so nicely prepared.
B000003TB6|5.0|This was the record that got me hooked on the Roots. I saw them back in  1996 at First Ave opening for the Fugees for 8 bucks. I was blown away by  their live show. These cats can play! I like all their albums but this is  my favorite. Mellow My Man is their best cut to date in my opinion. I saw  DJ Shadow do an instore at Let it Be a few years back and he had people  bring in albums for him to mix. People were trying to mess with him and he  did a mix of Proceed and a Chipmunks song. I've never heard anything by the  Chipmunks that sounded good until that day. Roots are my favorite hip-hop  act of all time!! I can't wait until they return to Minneapolis. As for the  hip-hop scene in Minneapolis/St.Paul......You MUST check out Wolf Pack/DJ  KamikazeeNo one comes close to them in town.
B0000039LE|5.0|This is my absolute favorite film. It is genuinely scary, and there are no  flaws. Jamie Lee Curtis is at her best in the leading role. Michael Meyers,  in a mental hospital for stabbing  his mother at a early age, escapes and  goes on a killing rampage. The sequel, which came out 3 years later, is  equal to this superb slasher flick.
B00000J7J4|4.0|I thought the music was great.  The acoustics and guitar from the cd is  just music to my ears.  Strong, and magical and made the song:  &quot;Maria&quot; come to life!
B000000WJZ|5.0|The CD is always put in my disc player as any of my interstate college  debate journeys are nearing my destination.  I always time it so the last  song is playing just as I'm getting to the point where I REALLY want to be  out of the car because its pure rocking makes me forget that I've been  driving forever.  This CD is so amazing and worth the money, it almost  isn't describable.  The only phrase that I can put to it is that this is  EXACTLY what rock should be.  Every style of music I listen to, I always  cling to just the very best artists.  The Smashing Pumpkins win their place  on my list in the rock category with this release.
B000002NJS|5.0|I've been a fan of Madonna for many years now and have taken a lot of heat  for it. This is her best work to date in my opinion. I also loved Erotica  and Bedtime Stories. William Orbit sets the mood on this album and  Madonna's voice sounded great. I can't wait to hear the new album to try  and erase &quot;american pie&quot; out of my head. Also check out her tune  with Massive Attack from about 5 years back. It's an amazing cover and  Massive Attack speak for themselves.
B00000JPHD|3.0|Dracula (1931) is the best of the Universal classics. The Mummy,  Frankenstein and others aren't that great in comparison to this film.  Unfortunetly, because of its ancient age (1931), this film is slightly  unwatchable because it is so dated. Lugosi is great, and everything is  superb- but the age, black and white picture, disortion and quality (even  in special editions) tones down its classic stance. Worth buying, but those  looking for a not-so-tedious, slightly dated (but entertaining) Lugosi film  should get The Devil Bat (1941) which may just be superior to this  masterpiece of classic Universal terror.
1558216847|5.0|Perhaps,the most touching story to come out of WW2.The style of writing  that other reviewers complain about, is typical of the genre, ( personnel  acounts of WW2 published in the UK in the 50s and 60s ). The lends the book  more credibility than if it had been written with better pros.
B00003W8NM|4.0|Cinematically this film pulled me in from the first frame.  You're  actually drawn to the main character and its very easy to become completely  involved with the movie.  Definately worth the buy, whether DVD or VHS.
6302759110|5.0|Yes, this film really is something else. I've seen it four times and every  time it gives me a thrill. It spellbinds. The actors ( especially Gary  Oldman ) make it really work. I am a bit surprised though, that I don't  find myself liking the other films made by Francis F. Coppola. I only find  them boring. But this is a true masterpiece. Although it's labelled as a  horrorfilm I think it's more like a romantic tragedy. If you're into  gothic, romantic or anything please watch this one.
6302038308|4.0|The first Evil Dead film was just like any other 1980's  horror movie,  except it was enormously popular. But the sequel, Evil Dead 2: Dead By Dawn  is easily the best of the series. The film starts out with a recap of the  original Evil Dead, then things get moving. Worth buying. Rated R for  violence, profanity and gore.
B00004U45G|5.0|Classic clasic classic. Any zep fan would love this. Any music fan will  love this. Tracks such as &quot;In my time of dying&quot; and  &quot;Nobody's Fault But Mine&quot; are as good if not better than the  originals.<br />I have to admit I am not a big Crowes fan. They have some  great songs, but I found it difficult to really get into them. This album  has everything a live rock album should though. It's beefy, loud,  aggressive, rough, and almost leaves you out of breath as they wind up  &quot;Whole Lotta Love&quot;. The zep songs sprinkled with Peter Green  tracks are a joy to listen to.<br />Page, although laboured in some parts,  still has that fat Les Paul sound. Any zep fan instantly knows his licks.  The crowes do a great job in getting the live sound just right. Songs,  which Page would have found difficult to play live at his prime, come off  as they were supposed to sound...kickin'.<br />For all those zep fans who were  waiting for &quot;the live album&quot;, this more than matches up. Push  &quot;The song remains the same&quot; to the back of your collection. Get  Page &amp; the Crowes (and the BBC Sessions Live).<br />Keep it up Jimmy.<br />An  education in live music.
B000003TSP|4.0|Don't get me wrong, all the tracks on this song are great, simply because of Portishead's style, but two of the songs, &quot;Undenied,&quot; and &quot;Over&quot; are two of the top twenty songs I've ever heard from anyone. Beth's voice is so perfect for this music, not hollow or empty but more like an echo. Although Portishead's Dummy release does set a definite standard for the group, here they have an album which is still above the standards of what passes for music in most mainstream circles. Definately worth a listen, and if you love Portishead as I do, definately worth the buy.
B00000AFWZ|5.0|In the summer of 1976 a friend played for me two albums that forever  changed my music collecting life.  The first was &quot;The Ramones&quot;  and the second was the Sire edition of &quot;Nuggets&quot; which is now  Volume 1 of the amazing 4 CD set.  Over the next 20 years I avidly  collected every known American mid 60's band and have assembled a 2,000  plus collection of the &quot;Nugget&quot; bands plus all the vinyl  compillation series that 'Nuggets&quot; spawned such as  &quot;Pebbles&quot;, &quot;Flashback', &quot;Back from the Grave&quot; etc.   <br />This collection is hands down the finest single collection of mid 60's  American Punk, Psycedelic and Garage bands both known and obscure. If the  music appeals to you it will either become a fantastic starting place for  futher collecting or if you are already a fan a perfect 4 volume summary  with outstanding sound.  Of course this set has the must have classics by  the Elevators, Standells,CWB, Wailers etc.  However,  this set also has  many songs thar are new to my collection and truly fantastic including  &quot;Journey to Tyme&quot; by Kenny &amp; the Kasuals and &quot;Open up  You Door&quot; By Richard and the Young Lions.  <br />Great liner notes by the  people who originaly uncovered most of these songs including Lenny Kaye and  Greg Shaw and great mono sound not artificial rechanneled stereo.  A couple  of missing songs such as the Moving Sidewalks &quot;99th floor&quot;  ?  &amp; The Mysterions' &quot;96 Tears&quot;, The Magic Mushrooms &quot;I'm  Gone&quot; and The Grains of Sand &quot;Thats when Happiness  Began&quot;.<br />All in all perfection.  Enjoy!!!! M
B00001ODHF|3.0|Army of Darkness is in no way superior to Evil Dead 2, the best Evil Dead  flick. Campbell is transported to 1300 A.D. and must get the Book of the  Dead to get out. Very un-original- almost every scene has something Three  Stooges-inspired about it. Some very good sequences and undeniably the most  comedic of the series, this is an OK film. Rated R for violence, profanity,  gore and shadowed nutidy. Also: The recap of Evil Dead 2 is great.
B00003CX95|4.0|Without a doubt, this is a classic movie. Love, revenge, twists, and, of  course, Mel Gibson. The crime committed was the poor transfer to DVD -- I  felt robbed by the lack of extras, and the extras that were there were  quite disappointing. No cast bios? Barely any commentary in the commentary?  What's up with that? When the inevitable limited edition 2-disc set comes  out, I'm sorely tempted not to buy it. I'm really tired of the movie  companies doing these multiple-edition releases.
B000002OOY|5.0|John Williams has a knack of composing film scores with themes that are  catchy and grab you from the first moment you hear them.  The main theme  from Jurassic Park certainly displays these characteristics.  The very  first time you hear it, it strikes a responsive chord, and you know that  you'll want to hear it again - and again.<br />While this music effectively  enhances the film, it is strong enough to stand on its own and be enjoyed  independently of the film.
B00004THAY|3.0|I am not going to say that this CD is bad or good because like a lot of  CDs, they kinda grow on you.  It is a mite too early to judge.  Like Eric  Clapton's From The Cradle CD, it was okay to begin with, but after  &quot;five long years&quot; this album is a classic.  I reckon this album  will be the same.  To you fans out there, don't be too quick to judge! You  have two legendary artists that knows their stuff.  Give it time and let it  become part of your life's soundtrack.
B00000DF6O|5.0|Siempre BB nos sorprende con su m&uacute;sica
B000002GKT|5.0|I was fortunate to see the Pie in concert approximately 7 or 8 times  between 1970 and 1973. The first time was as the back-up band to Grand Funk  at Madison Square Garden in 1970. The absolute frenetic energy this band  would expend during a show could send a rocketship to Mars!! &quot;Rockin'  The Fillmore&quot; captures this energy at the band's peak. <br />Their  traditional opener &quot;4 Day Creep&quot; gets things up to top speed  right out of the gate. Marriott's gospel-like vocal intro to &quot;I'm  Ready&quot; is classic Steve and when Shirley's drums kick it all in, it  smokes! As an old rock &amp; roll boomer I still love the extended jams and  &quot;Gilded Splinters&quot; is to me one of the all-time classics. Great  interplay between Pete and Steve on guitar. Overall, however, Frampton's  play on his Les Paul steals the show. Man could that kid play at 17 years  old! I must admit, &quot;Rolling Stone&quot; absolutely sucks! Check it out  on their disc &quot;Rock On&quot; for a great version where they do the  tune some justice. Marriott's vocal rambling on this tune is just too much  even for this hard-core Pie fan. Of course their show closer, &quot;I Don't  Need No Doctor&quot; is trademark Humble Pie. The song is their true  essence.<br />I would love to see this concert on video. What a treat it would  be to watch Marriott and Frampton jamming together once again. For a short  time this band was truly magical!
B000001Y42|2.0|Fred Durst was right at the MTV Music Awards- Bizkit is the most hated  rock band in the world.  Why?  LB songs are as formulaic as those of NSYNCH  or the Backstreet Boys.  They sound too similar, and Durst doesn't help  despite his fervent attempts to tell you he's quite aggressive and has had  a hard life with say-nothing lyrics.  Big deal.  I have no doubt that  Bizkit and KoRn and their numerous clones will continue to rock the charts,  but one day this CD will look as out of place in your collection as that  Slaughter album you've been hiding away.
6305910103|3.0|Gene Roddenberry didn't consider &quot;Wrath of Khan&quot; good Star Trek,  but most of the fans disagree.  Discerning DVD purchasers will appreciate  the new (finally!) letterbox format of this version, and the restored  life-like flesh tones [compared to the sepia toned VHS edition] and overall  improvement in color.  <br />But the lack of extra scenes in this (and Star  Trek III) make it a don't buy in my opinion.  Gone are the alternative, and  deleted scenes aired on ABC.  There is no interview with cast, crew,  directors or even the 'making of' documentary.  The controversy regarding  the death of Spock, the leaking of this information in the press, and the  inclusion of the 'mock-Spock-death' in the first scenes as a result aren't  mentioned.  There is no background, no mention of the change of uniform  styles from the gray-uni-tunics in &quot;Star Trek: The Motion  Sickness&quot;... <br />Director Nicholas Meyer (The Seven Percent Solution,  Star Trek VI) punched up the action, and returned to the roots of human  life in the 23rd century.  This epic tale of good guy Kirk and crew vs.  megalomaniacal Khan and crew has problems with pacing, but overall is a  great story for Star Trek fans who were disappointed with the first  theatrical outing.  <br />I love the movie, and love the \\"widescreen\\", and  Color tones in this release, but I hate the lack of extras (there is only 1  extra - the theatrical trailer), and the inability to configure the sound  for 5:1 Dolby.  This was a sad disappointment for someone who's been  waiting for this DVD since seeing the original film in 70mm in 1982. :?&lt;
B000002HMH|1.0|Load is a load of...  Such a bad album.  How can a bunch of talented  musicians go from rock to suck so quickly?  No, it's not because they cut  their hair.  It's because James Hetfield decided to try to sing (which he  can't) and the band ran out of things to say.  Say they sold out if you  must, I don't care about their politics.  I'd still listen to 'em if they  had a shred of talent anymore.  They don't, and it's a crying shame for the  former kings to have gone Fat Old Elvis so quickly.
B000002WPI|5.0|This is the best cd I've ever had! Just buy it !!!
B000002H97|5.0|...before the band that once stood for liberty and justice for all, but  most of all FOR THEIR FANS got replaced by killer money-hungry aliens from  outer space.  NOT their best album by far, only a newbie fan would say such  a thing.  A great one nonetheless.  When it first came out, the band said  it was experimenting with shorter songs and solos.  The black album  benefits from that experimentation- shorter songs equals more songs equals  more variety.  You all know the ones made popular by MTV, but their are a  bunch of key songs on here that any fan needs to give a good listen to-  Through the Never, God that Failed, Of Wolf and Man.  Struggle Within also  contains one of the most powerful and soulful solos I have ever heard.   Despite Metallica being in its 'Old, Fat Elvis' stage as a friend of mine  puts it, the real stuff from this album back is still pure gold.
B00004TL21|5.0|1. First off to the guy who said this was their sophmore effort??? WTF,  this marks album number THREE for the band.<br />2. To the guy who said they  liked some songs but the rest were too rappy...Quote unquote &quot;some of  the rap type songs put me off at first because I'm a rock/alternative type  who's not into heavy rock-rap&quot;. I dunno who took your White Pony cd  and switched it with P Roach or whoever, but there isn't a single bit of  rap on the album, period.  There will be a re-release of the album to  include an outtake entitled &quot;Back to School&quot; that has some  rapping on it, but thats about it, I think thats a bad move on the part of  the band.  The 11 songs that comprise the White Pony and also the ltd.  edition track Boy's Republic, don't even have the slightest taint of  rap-metal or hip hop.  A few of the songs may have been influenced somewhat  by hip hop or trip hop as far as the beats go, but thats as far as it goes.   See: RX Queen and Teenager for that...<br />3. &quot;Scratches from  turntables&quot;....nope.  There are turntables used on the album as well  as keyboards in effect to make chilling atmospheric sounds throughout the  album.  In otherwords, there is no typical DJ scratching type stuff here.   He weaves his way into the mix that way, listen to Change, RX Queen, and  Teenager to start off with, to hear the kind of work DJ Frank really does  for the band...He's also here and there on previous albums.  He's all over  MX on the last record and BQAD Acoustic.<br />4. &quot;some of the songs are  pointless like &quot;teenager&quot;...&quot; No, Scott...This here  &quot;Teenager&quot; is THE BEST song on the album aside from the  &quot;spine chilling, electrifying Knife Prty&quot;, no joke.  Both songs  get a 13/10 on my 1-10 scale<br />5. &quot;This could possibly be the Deftones  finest album so far.&quot; Damn right, it is<br />6. The reviewer: Dave Baker  (see more about me) from Gotham, pretty much has it right in its entirety  and puts it all into better words than anyone else is going to be able to.   The only thing I disagree with is Elite and Korea being filler.  I tend to  skip those tracks most of the time, and they are probably my least favorite  tracks on the record, but I still wouldn't exactly call them filler tracks.   The only tones record that seemed like it had one or two filler tracks,  wasn't this one, it was Adrenaline. I also think having something like  Elite on the record is a good thing to bring out the extremes and contrast  with a song like Teenager.  To the point that someone who hears both tracks  won't believe that its the same band.<br />7. Whoever wrote White Pony = Baked  Beans, i respect that opinion somewhat and feel sorry you didn't appreciate  the album more than that.<br />I don't feel like reading the rest of them,  Dave Baker's review sums it up beautifully.  My favorite cuts of the bunch  are &quot;Teenager&quot;, &quot;Knife Prty&quot;, &quot;Street Carp&quot;  (short, quirky, cool, i just love that one), &quot;Feiticeira&quot;, and oh  yeah &quot;The Boy's Republic&quot; (it's a crime that song wasn't included  as a hidden track on ALL the pressings of WP)<br />Ride me like a Pony..this  album gets a 13/10 overall on my 1-10 scale (yes thats a thirteen, not a  type of a 3)
B00000FCBC|4.0|THROW AWAY the first disc.  This 'package deal' from the Masters of Making  Money (Metallicash) is only worth buying because Garage Days Re-revisited  is no longer available.  The second disc is amazing, and if you can listen  to the first one long enough without losing your lunch, pop in the  -outstanding- second disc and you'll realize why so many people hate  Metallica nowadays (and it has nothing to do with haircuts or MP3s,  surprisingly enough).
6302787564|5.0|A lot of you people, and most of the critics, miss the point. D-Fens was  on the way to commit a great evil. He was going to murder his family.   Prendergrast saw it and prevented it. Both agreed that the world can be an  awful place: &quot;Hell is other people&quot;, according to Sartre. What  makes the ultimate difference is how they react to it. <br />The movie is  asking &quot;What is strength and what is weakness?&quot; Is lashing out,  venting your frustration strength? Are we not taught to express  ourselves?<br />Prendergrast is initially portrayed as weak. He's picked on,  chewed out by the captain (who represents the corruption of power). What we  initially judge as weakness eventually we see as tolerance, insight,  patience and honor. He too, has his limits: when his wife is insulted he  lashes out but WITHIN REASON. He doesn't pull out a gun and shoot the guy.  When his wife neurotically harangues him he deals with it and calms her  down. She needed a strong hand. <br />The Nazi represents what D-Fens could  become: alienated, frustrated, scared, lonely, and feeding off the anger  and displacement of others. The irony is that D-Fens ends up worse than  him--a killer. The stabbing was enough for self-defence; he didn't have to  shoot him.<br />Someone mentioned sadness: the wife has sadness, but I thing  D-Fens has loneliness, the loneliness that comes from thinking you're the  only reasonable person in an unreasonable world. D-Fens gives in to the  philosophy &quot;Curse God and die&quot;, a powerful edict explored in the  Book of Job. Prendergrast fights that philosophy and wins.<br />This is one of  the great movies of the Nineties.
B00002Z88D|1.0|What do you do when you're a fat, rich, complacent metal band with nothing  new to say and you want to land some instant royalties?  You put out a  gimmick album!  That's right fans- for the low, low price of a double CD  set, you can hear your favorite rently-gone-lounge-act Metallica rockin'  out with Kamen's rock orchestra just like you've always dreamed!  Sheer  Joy!  What's that?  You wanted Metallica to put out something original?   What do you think they are?  Musicians?  Hmmm, I'm pretty sure this is  Cliff's least favorite album too.
B00004TRD8|5.0|One of the best movies ever. although I am disappointed with the price as  the local walmat has it for 25 and no shipping.
B00003XB8K|3.0|O.K, I like Enigma to... (Who doesn't?) and the first time i heard  &quot;Sadness&quot;, it really turned me on... I even uses this music for  trances, and meditation - it's just right Screen behind the mirror starts  with new and fresh songs, but after you pass track 5, the songs start  reapiting themselves... you can hear mixes from old songs (like sadness)  and a lot of &quot;sounds&quot; (like wav's..) that are ripped form the old  tracks and put to the new ones. After I enjoyed the first part of the  Album, I got really disapointed after a while.  I realy expected more from  the new Disk of Enigma, but it's seems to me that Michael Certu is running  dry...  If it took him 3 years to come up with only 5 or so new tracks,  maybe he should quite while still remebred as one of the best.
B00004TL21|5.0|i've always thought that the deftones have written the most melodic and  beautiful music of the new hardcore scene and this album proves my point.   actual singing in a hardcore band, what a deal!  chino is the new king.   you NEED this album.  BTW: you can pick up the phat new acoustic version of  change at [...]
0684874350|2.0|What this book says about the Irish people and in particular Irish  Catholics is truly sad and awful.  Many people grow up in poverty and  hunger, but there is simply no excuse for the blatant misery these people  imposed on each other.  The Irish are portrayed as mean, ignorant,  vindictive, and highly hypocritical.  They hold to the forms of religion  (Catholicism) without experiencing the truths.  There are few true heroes  in the book, except perhaps Frank himself, who eventually rises above the  conditions.   The father is a hopeless alcoholic.  He loves his family but  is powerless to overcome the ravaging effects of alcohol in his life.  The  people walk around like victims and losers - no wonder the English  dominated them for 800 years.  The mother is no hero for staying with her  hopelessly useless husband.  This book reinforces what I have always  suspected about the poor of any race or nationality - much of their  condition is their own fault.  Even so, I must admit that the book has high  literary quality.  I finished the entire text quickly and re-read parts  afterwards.  Do not read this this if you like heart warming stories - this  is depressing and awful.
0440219078|5.0|This is a fabulous book!  When this book first came out, I read the reviews and decided that I needed to read this one, even though I am an  adult.  It was very good!  I couldn't wait for my daughter to become old  enough to read it as well, she was in the 3rd grade at the time.  Well, my  daughter read the book this last year and she now lidts it as one of her  favorite books as well, right up there with &quot;The Phantom  Tollboth&quot;, &quot;A Wrinkle in Time&quot; and the Harry Potter books!   What makes this book so wonderful, is that it makes you think beyond the  black and whites in life.  It helps put importance on memories of pain and  sadness as a necessary part of hapiness.  I would strongly recomend this  book to anyone from the 5th grade and up!
B000002VCQ|5.0|Whitney Houstons stunning debut is amongst her most unique recordings (and  there have been many) and was a tremendous start to a highly succesful  career. Some tracks steer into a pop sound on tracks such as HOW WILL I  KNOW and THINKING ABOUT YOU but that is by no means a criticism as they are  really, really great. However its the love ballards SAVING ALL MY LOVE FOR  YOU and THE GREATEST LOVE OF ALL which turned this into the success it  became and deserved. Amongst other great album cuts includes the lush TAKE  GOOD CARE OF MY HEART, SOMEONE FOR ME and YOU GIVE GOOD LOVE (Houstons  first U.S release). Michael Masser who worked his magic on the legendary  Diana Ross in the seventies repeated his trick perfectly on this thoroughly  excellent album and Houstons voice is just amazing.
6305910103|4.0|Star Trek II is a 5 star film, but this at best a 3 star DVD.  The Wrath  of Khan is still my favorite, and I, for one, am VERY glad to see that this  is the original theatrical release.  I am all in favor of added footage,  deleted scenes, and director's cuts; but NOT at the expense of the original  film that I saw in the theater.  This cut is still the best, in my  opinion.<br />That said, all that additional footage is totally absent from  this DVD, as is just about any other special feature you could name.  The  one trailer included is all you get, and it's not even the best of the  teasers and trailers that this film spawned.  The picture quality is good,  as is the sound -- with the exception of the Low Frequency Effects (LFE).   There are plenty of LFE opportunities in the movie, but the only time it  ever came through was in the drydock scene.  I got much better sound  effects for the explosions and battle scenes by switching off the 5.1 and  turning up the subwoofer sensitivity under straight stereo.  Disappointing  for a 5.1 DVD.<br />As has been the case with Warner Bros. and others, I  suspect that Paramount is already planning a &quot;Special Edition,&quot;  probably for all the Trek films, to give us all those extras we want.   They're just waiting until we've all bought this one first, so that they  get us to pay for it twice...
B000002HO3|5.0|Mick Hucknalls unique vocal style easily made the group the success it is  today and this greatest hits compilation brings together their very finest  work to date which includes the touching HOLDING BACK THE YEARS, their  first major hit, MONEYS TOO TIGHT (TO MENTION) as well as STARS, a stunning  cover version of Harold Melvins IF YOU DON'T LOVE ME BY NOW (a U.S no.1  hit) and the infectious FAIRGROUND. Every tracks a classic and is a must  have for fans who dont wish to collect all of the albums. A phenomanal  talent that will no doubt continue for many years to come.
0380788624|4.0|I found this to be book to be an exciting and sometimes hysterical read.   The only problem was that in some places it slowed to a crawl.   <br />Cryptonomicon traces families and how they and their decescendents are  linked through common bonds.  Namely, crptology.  One half of the book  takes place during WWII, showcasing aspects of the war that I never really  thought much about.  One of the major character (Lawrence Waterhouse) is in  the Navy, working out how to keep the Germans from figuring out that we've  broken their codes.  His plots are then carried out by Bobby Shaftoe, a  marine raider who writes haikus.<br />In the present, the descendents of these  characters work at creating a new high-tech company, and are led through a  complex maze leading to Nazi gold and secret plots.<br />A great read, if you  have the time.
B000001FTH|4.0|Grace Jones relativley short music career never really hit the heights of  success it often deserved. Her first three disco albums, PORTFOLIO (1977),  FAME (1978) and MUSE (1979) were fairly forgetable although they did spawn  at least one memroable track per album - all of which make there way onto  this definitive compilation of Grace Jones work. LA VIE EN ROSE, I NEED A  MAN and DO OR DIE had that early Grace Jones disco sound which was quickly  abandoned in 1980 prior to the release of one of her very best albums, WARM  LEATHERETTE, which succesfully combined the sounds of New Wave, reggae,  rock and funk. From the album was PRIVATE LIFE (a top 20 success in the  U.K) which also is rightly included on this album as this by far is one of  her greatest recordings. This condensed compilation also features tracks  such as MY JAMACIAN GUY (LIVING MY LIFE;1982), WALKING IN THE RAIN  (NIGHTCLUBBING;1981), SLAVE TO THE RYTHM (SLAVE TO THE RYTHM;1985) and  possibly her very best recording,PULL UP TO THE BUMPER  (NIGHTCLUBBING;1981). This compilation coincided with her departure from  Island Records for a deal with EMI which did not bring her any of the high  success she enjoyed with her time at Island.Often strange but compelling  album from an equally extraordinary artist.
B00000JCB2|1.0|Boy, isn't fred durst such a babe. He is so sexy and he says really neat  words like &quot;i did it all for the nookie&quot;. What an amazing  sentence. I love it. And listen to those wonderful thud thud noises, i  think those are guitars and i think they're not really rocks scraping on  cement. Yep, those are great guitars, cause they go thud thud and i love  them a lot. Don't you love limp bizkit cause Fred Durst can say amazing  words like &quot;i did it all for the nookie&quot; and yell and rap and say  &quot;shut the F___ up&quot;. He is so sexy. Oops, did I say that already,  well, silly me. And those guitars they go thud thud.
0441003257|5.0|what if the good lord (blessed be his name, blah blah blah) had intended  for the antichrist to rise?  to test his world.  and what if he put two  bungling angels (one not fallen, so much as sauntered vaguely downwards) in  charge of raising him.  this is the backdrop for &quot;Good Omens&quot;.   the antichrist gets lost in a mixup at the hospital (by none other than  satanic nuns, mind you) and Aziriphale and Crowley (the angels listed in  order of non fallenness) raise the wrong kid.  but somewhere brewing in the  suburbs of deepest england, an evil brews.  an evil that just wants to be a  kid and have fun.
0881032565|5.0|This book is so brilliant. This is probably Agatha Christies's greatest  novel; and yet there is no trace of Hercule Poirot. The reason for this  becomes clear as you read the novel.<br />Ten uncaught murderers are invited  to a luxury island by the ethereal U.N. Owen. They are all alone.<br />Then  they are murdered, one by one by one by one...until they are all dead. Yes,  ALL.  How, you ask? That's what's so brilliant.<br />Before reading this book  I thought The Murder of Roger Ackroyd was Christie's best mystery. But  unlike that novel, and unlike most of her &quot;great&quot; novels (Orient  Express, Nile), here there is no trick plot. Everything is precisely what  it appears to be. And that's what's brilliant.<br />I can only compare it to a  master conjuring trick, which you can puzzle over forever before it is  finally revealed.<br />The writing quality is also brilliantly atmospheric;  and unusually for Christie, the characters here are unforgettable and  realistic. There is nothing lightweight about this novel - you can tell  Christie really took this one seriously.
B000002JSP|2.0|A long bout with heroin left Jimmy Page in poor shape by the time  recording commenced on this final Zeppelin outing. Here we see the first  glimpses of Jimmy Page in his diluted form -- whose sparse sloppy style  would garnish a few Firm records before reuniting with Plant for a few solo  free discs. In his shoes steps John Paul Jones who substituted the dense  string orchestrations of his Sixties production career with cheezy synths.  The record plays OK until you are looking for a little of that Zeppelin  muscle which is only hinted at in In The Evening.
0195073401|1.0|&quot;Microeconomic Theory&quot; is encyclopedic in its treatment of  modern price theory. Consequently, It stands as a towering monument to  everything that is wrong with modern microeconomics. Virtually, every topic  in this book centers around equilibrium concepts that economists borrowed  from Newtonian mechanics over a century ago. Institutions matter little in  this view of the world, and processes virtually disappear. This text also  falls short in explaining the importance of subjectivity, particularly in  costs. This text focuses heavily on market failures, but pays little  attention to the literature on transactions costs. The authors have little  to say about government failure, aside from their highly technical and  poorly explained presentation of the Arrow Impossibility Theorem. on the   The Authors do include a considerable amount of game theory, but they do  little to explain game theoretic concepts. While their failure to explain  usefull game theoretic concepts is unfortunate, the lack of verbal  explanation in this book is its greatest strength. The fewer who understand  this brand of &quot;economics&quot; the better. If you absolutely must read  this for a class, try to innoculate yourself by reading some articles by  Demsetz, Hayek, and Buchannan first.
B000002UA5|5.0|I will only review the studio album, the one which makes a whole of a  controversy. Is the band trying to fool the listeners or not? OF COURSE  NOT!!! Poor-minded are those who think this way (well, OK, the live album  contains 4 awesome songs which are great in this live version). Back to  Ummagumma Studio. The only track on Floyd's 4 album I consider a SONG is  &quot;Narrow Way part 3&quot;. &quot;Grantchester&quot; approaches. All the  others are an experiment of sound effects mixed with odd distortions of the  basic instruments guitar, bass, drums and piano, plus another weird  indefinite textures they create... BUT who's saying all this salad is a  slap on the ear? To the tracks:<br />Sysyphus has some good moments, for  example the first half of part 2(a soft piano tune) and the ending of part  4(a macabre melody which would perfectly fit in a horror movie), but also  some very unpleasant moments like part 3(only stupid noise). As a whole, an  average song. (Song?) In &quot;Grantchester&quot; you can hardly listen the  acoustic guitar, only instrument accompanying Roger's babbling, smoother  than ever. The track reminds me of Simon And Garfunkel.  &quot;Several  Species&quot; is the synthesis of the album: a collage of weird sounds and  the bizarrest voice Roger has ever done, but very funny. I love it.   &quot;Narrow Way&quot; is the best thing in all this mess. Parts 1 and 2  are sinister, it's like they're leading the listener through a narrow way,  and in the end of it, we have part 3, the jewel on the top of the crown.  With vocals by Dave Gilmour, part 3 is one of the most catching PF songs.  The SONG contains such a poignant melody that makes one want to cry. I  can't understand why the band didn't &quot;use&quot; this great song(Narrow  Way as a whole) in compilations or big gigs... &quot;Grand Vizier's&quot;,  guess what? A weird track. Also a collage of textures and sounds. Awesome  drum solo in the end of &quot;entertainment&quot;. But differentlyfrom  Sysyphus or Several Species, &quot;Party&quot; is addicting.<br />Overall,  Ummagumma isn't easy to comprehend, it requires some time and most of all,  AN OPEN MIND! Enjoy this psychedelia!!!
0671034065|5.0|I seriously enjoyed this book from LH.  I rarely laugh out loud while  reading a book but this one caught me by surprise.  The interaction between  Sam and Jaine is hilarious, sexy, and passionate.  There are a couple of  scenes in the book involving  Jaine's Dodge Viper and Sam's metal trashcan  that are great!---I have friends remind me of these two with their  smartmouth remarks and witty verbal exchanges!!     Jaine moves into a quiet  neighborhood. She has a normal job and a normal life.  She and 3 other  friends gather weekly at Ernie's for happy hour and dinner.  In one night  of intoxication, these 4 women create a list of characteristics that make  up the Perfect Man.  This list creates lots of attention and commentary.   THE LIST leads these 4 women into trouble with coworkers, friends and  family, including a stalker...it also leads Jaine into meeting Sam (her  grubby nextdoor neighbor who she initially thinks is a drunken reprobate --  not an undercover cop)...the witty exchanges and steamy sex kept me glued  to this book.    Jaine is a very strong female character and I'm glad to see  the heroine isn't some swooning wimp!  I like Linda's style of characters  -- I happen to like Alpha Wolf Males -- I wouldn't read romance novels if I  wanted to read about a wimpy nerd...    The book has some suspense and  granted it wasn't really tough to figure out the mystery, but please read  the book for its quirky humor and character interaction!!!!  You will like  it!  It's definitely another winner from Ms. Howard.
B00004U8P4|3.0|I see reviews here that give this film one star, and in a way, it does deserve just that. However, there are certain parts that must make you  think this movie is better than most people say it is. For one, the special  effects are better than the original, and the way the film is shot makes  them seem much more realistic. However, great special effects are no match  for a good story.<br />Jurassic Park, the original, had a wonderful plot. Two  dinosaur experts visit a park, not knowing what to expect. And the scary  part is this....something like that could actually happen. Now, tell me  this....why would Dr. Malcolm, Jeff Goldblum, go back to an island just to  save his girlfriend? Yeah, he loves her and all, but I'm pretty sure that  Mr. Hammond could get her back safely without making him go all the way  there. <br />Also, there are several inconsistantcies in the film. Look at the  original: There's a raptor expert with a gun hunting down what he knows  best. What happens? He gets killed. Now look at JP2: A young girl that  knows nothing about the animals, and might I add that she doesn't have a  gun, takes out three of them using gymnastics. Maybe is she was Jackie  Chan......I'm not gonna even get into that.<br />Jurassic Park 2 needed to  have a plot that would make you think, &quot;Oh yeah, that could  happen.&quot; Not, &quot;They must want pictures of those cute, innocent  dinosaurs!&quot; And they all know that they're dangerous, but yet, they  want the pictures. I'd be like, &quot;Forget that! I can live without  'em!&quot; Spielberg, in my opinion, is the greatest director of all time.  He scored big with the original, Saving Private Ryan, Jaws, and several  others...but when it comes to JP2, it just didn't work out. <br />I prey that  Jurassic Park 3 will be something worth the money I'm paying, not a plot  where the film doesn't develope right, so they go  back to get more  pictures! (I only hope they don't read that and go, &quot;Great  idea.&quot;)<br />If you liked Jurassic Park, you'll be disappointed with its  sequel. But if you really loved Godzilla, and you thought that was the best  movie ever, you might like this one. But go ahead and see it  anyway.....some of the action scenes may be funnier than a comedy.....
B00003CX95|4.0|The picture quality kind of stinks, but the sound is great, especially if  you've got Dolby 5.1 running. Mel's commentary is fair, you won't learn a  whole lot about the film by watching it with his commentary. The 30 minute  &quot;how we made the film&quot; sequence is pretty good and typical with  what you see on most DVDs.
B0000024W3|5.0|I love putting this on, without telling friends who the  &quot;crooner&quot; is...his voice is touching, smooth, and friendly.  I  love the way the album changes from track to track....I can picture Dylan,  a few years have gone by, and he's back in England....what must they now  think, when he starts, &quot;Ooonncceee upon a time...&quot; with that  voice, so different than just a few years ealier?<br />This album begs the  question:  Was there anything Dylan couldn't do?  I am so glad to have this  on disc.
B00001IVOR|3.0|The rhymes on this double disk were great....but rza really slacked off on  the production...and it destroys almost the whole feel of the disk and  makes u not really care about the rhymes. Rza can do much, MUCH better than  this!!!! Next wu album should be hot....check out &quot;gravel pits&quot;.
0060987464|3.0|Yeah, let's face it, this had the makings of a great tell all book, but it  was written very, very badly.  For a man who assures of his intelligence,  it doesn't show throw his literature.  The quality of writing goes beyond  trying to identify with the audience, it numbs the reader.  However, he  does lead an interesting life so it was worth the effort.
0316779237|5.0|I was first introduced to David Sedaris through NPR's weekly show,  &quot;This American Life,&quot; and there's been more than one occasion  while listening to his pieces when I've had to pull my car over because the  tears in my eyes were obscuring my view. He's just that funny.<br />He's also  sick and twisted, but that's great if you like that kind of thing. His  stories are almost best heard, so if you can find the book-on-tape it's  worth adding to your collection. The problem is those tapes often leave out  one or two of the stories from the written version, so I end up with both,  anyway.<br />Start a new holiday tradition with your family and bring this one  to dinner! It'll be a year you'll never forget.
1573225517|5.0|This book was funny, whimsical, amusing, comical, jocular and  entertaining! The Oxford Dictionary defines the word 'funny' this way:   funny: adj (-ier, -iest) 1. causing amusement, laughter, etc. It would take  a great deal of research to find a book that suits this description more.  However amusing the content is, the book also has very serious aspects  within... you'll have to read it for yourself to enjoy it the most.
B000002HMH|5.0|Although some people think that Metallica sold out with this CD, I would  not think so.  This album has a much cooler and different song to it  compared to it's prior albums.  I'm not saying that the other ones weren't  good, but I do think that the new sound shows Metallica still know how to  make new music.  Overall, this is a good album for someone who wants  something different.  By the way don't for get to listen to 2X4, the best  song on the album I think.
B000001ED1|5.0|The stack of used Joan Osborne CDs at the music store and the news of her  record label dropping her only confirms the coming of the end of the world.   Madness. Hysteria. How else can you explain the absent disregard for such  a talent as Joan Osborne. Open your heart and be prepared to be put on your  ear!  Lilith be damned.
B00003CWTI|1.0|Seeing Magnolia made me realize why i didnt like Boogie Nights either. PT  Anderson has got to be the most self indulgent director the 90's has  produced - at least if his movies had any meaning deeper than what you  could see on any episdoe of MTV's Real World this wouldnt be such a fatal  problem - charachters cursing and having hysterics to convey deep emotion  doesnt cut it. The actors are all over the map in terms of their skills -  Tom Cruise does well if the writing for his character wasnt so bad and the  Singing Scene and Frog Scene are unintentionally hysterical but unless you  fast forward thru the movie you have to sit through 3 hours of this mess to  see them.
6303148352|3.0|Jurassic Park genetically splices the fairy tale of The Sorceror's Apprentice with the modern Godzilla myth. Science, from this film's angle, is a form of modern-day magic that destroys all who try to employ it for personal gain. The invisible hand behind the drama --- and this is a drama --- is Chaos Theory: Newest god in the scientific pantheon. Predictions of imminent collapse made by the chaotician (deftly portrayed by Jeff Goldblum) rapidly manifest in just one afternoon: \\"Boy, do I hate being right all the time\\".<br /><br />At its release, Jurassic Park was a dream-come-true for children. I would have loved to see this film as a child - no doubt being frightened for days after. Fortunately, I was able to watch it with my nine-year-old son, which in retrospect was even better.<br /><br />A dark but overall upbeat roller-coaster.
B00000IAU3|5.0|This CD is amazing! There is not one song on this that I don't love. The  music makes you feel and feel deep. This is by far the best CD I have heard  in a VERY long time! Dido is amazing!She is a cross between Sara &amp;  Alanis, only better!
0767903854|5.0|I've read most of Bryson's books, and I don't think he's capable of  writing unfunny. They're terrible books for reading on airplanes, because  all the other passengers will look at you sitting there doubled up with  laughter and will quietly ask the flight attendant to move you elsewhere.  Like the cargo compartment.<br />Bryson is not only funny, though; he's got a  way of gently conveying the absurdities of a place in a fashion that only  makes you appreciate it more. I spent a month in Australia and New Zealand,  and though I liked NZ more at the time, I found when I got back that it was  Oz, or more precisely its people, that I really missed. Bryson will tell  you why.
B00001U0GQ|2.0|Re-release of a previous review so those who read nearby reviews NOTE the  difference between VHS (excellent) and DVD (POOR):   Waited in great  anticipation for the DVD release of this one. The Last of the Mohicans is a  great movie enhanced with terrific music. The VHS widescreen version in THX  is a wonderful piece of entertainment. Unfortunately, this Director's  Expanded Edition has destroyed the flow and continuity of the original. In  Director Michael Mann's attempt to supply us with his &quot;definitive  vision of the film&quot; via his own editing, he has ignored the  professional editors and provided us with a substandard version of what was  a fine film. Several of the added clips have no musical sound track at all  and come across as painfully awkward - making the viewer fully aware he/she  is watching actors in front of a camera rather than immersing us in the  action. There is even a series of scenes in the original (and VHS) that has  a vocal music piece overlaid that has been completely omitted from the DVD.  All in all, I was very disappointed in the DVD after having distinctive and  memorable images etched in my mind from the original theater and VHS  releases.
B00004TWZF|3.0|I was trying to find this movie for long time because I had the first  version on VHS. And I was very disappointed and mad with the Music score in  this DVD release. The Old songs were perfect for this beautiful Movie. I  think I will keep trying to find the old VHS version.
1860468004|4.0|If you ever find yourself in Japan, or at one of the Kinokuniya branches  in New York or San Francisco, be sure to pick up a copy of &quot;Norwegian  Wood,&quot; the runaway bestseller that made Haruki Murakami a superstar in  Japan, now reasonably priced and available in the same attractive  gold-boxed, two-part, red-and-green paperback volumes that Japanese  schoolgirls supposedly used to carry to school every day, according to  which volume coordinated with their outfits.  It's hard to believe that  this book was such a huge hit in Japan, given its intensely  individualistic, introverted, isolated focus, which seems to clash so  strongly with the collectivist Japanese orientation; it's even harder to  imagine this being a book read widely by schoolchildren, with its themes of  drunkenness, promiscuity, infidelity, masturbation, lesbianism, child  molestation, brain damage, mental illness, suicide, and death (all made  lighter, however, by humorous tales of college dorm life and canny  references to pop songs from the 60's).  At any rate, this is definitely  one of Murakami's best books, surpassed only by &quot;The Wind-up Bird  Chronicle&quot; and &quot;Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the  World&quot; (in ambition, but not in quality of writing).  Murakami fans  will find themes from his other works in &quot;Norwegian Wood&quot;--the  theme of choosing a long-lost fantasy lover over a more realistic current  partner from &quot;South of the Border, West of the Sun,&quot; or the theme  of choosing to live in comfortable isolation or complicated reality from  &quot;Wonderland,&quot; for example.  The book that &quot;Norwegian  Wood&quot; probably most resembles, though, is &quot;Wind-Up Bird,&quot; in  its protagonist's prolonged, agonizing quest to come to terms with his past  and secure a solid identity for himself.  &quot;Norwegian Wood&quot; works  in almost the opposite way from &quot;Wind-Up Bird,&quot; however--whereas  in &quot;Wind-Up Bird,&quot; themain character isolated himself in a  fantasy world so he could reflect on how to recapture his real life, in  &quot;Norwegian Wood,&quot; the main character tries to plod along in the  real world, all the while idealizing a former fantasy life he still wants  to keep real.<br />&quot;Norwegian Wood&quot; is almost impossible to get a  hold of, but for fans who can manage to find it, it's a real treat and  worth the effort.
B000001Y5D|5.0|This is one of my favorite albums. I've had it for years and it's one of  those you like a little more each time you listen to it. I think many  people were put off by the fact that it didn't sound like the poppish  alternative style music that &quot;What's up&quot; shared play time with on  the radio upon it's release. The album as a whole, with it's mix of blues,  funk, contempary rock, and those incredible Linda Perry vocals has become  something of a cult classic. Linda Perry went on to release a couple of  solo albums, &quot;In Flight&quot; her second is another great album,  however it's out of print now, (I know because I've lost my copy and have  been trying to replace it).
B000002UVX|4.0|This is a good album even thou gh Jimi was not really happy with it. It is  definitelly much better than the double cd called &quot;live at the filmore  east&quot;. Machine Gun makes it worth it, also Power of soul and Message  to Love contain some of Jimis best guitar work ever. Buy the album It's a  must. But also keep in mind that it was done to pay back Ed Chalpin for  Jimi escaping to a different producer/label. Jimi was not really happy  about it's release. It's much better than any of the crap that Ed Chalpin  has released featuring Hendrix.
6301647734|5.0|James Stewart at his best.  He brings to life a wonderful character that  you can only wish belonged to your own family.
B000002P7R|5.0|This is one of the best Hendrix releases since Janie took over. Buy it.  The sound is the original, no one has stuffed around with the mix like Alan  Douglas used to do. They should have included &quot;The star spangled  banner&quot; from Rainbow Bridge though. A definite must especially for new  Hendrix fans who dont have all the albums these songs came from. I dont  think this version of &quot;Little Wing&quot; would have been approved by  Jimi though (it is one of the weakest Hendrix songs ever officially  released/it sounds like Angel anyway).
B00003CWRX|5.0|Dear reader, I was a 5 packs a day man when the insider moved my insides  and thus forced a desion from within my soul barren to quit this awful fart  inhalation.    Well I didn't quit but I changed from a Brown and Williamson  product to a Philip Morris product and I now smoke the great Marlboro  Reds(recommend by me).<br /> But in our hazen discovery of the truth lest  us  not neglect our shakeperian duty to rise and fall like an empire of sand,  liquid sand. dissolving me and you and the constipation and lts us have our  deeply desired laxative, yes dear reader, a laxative is what THE INSIDER  reminded me of and it is the best laxative of 1999. But crowe has acne, but  I dug venora you know.
B00004W50T|5.0|A highly respectful remix and repackaging, with great liner notes.  The  Band declined rather quickly once the 60s ended, but &quot;Big Pink&quot;  and the eponymous followup album &quot;The Band&quot; are essential  recordings that everyone should own.<br />A word about the bonus tracks: in my  opinion, these are rarely a good idea with CD re-releases.  The artists  chose a song lineup and song order with a particular flow, and the bonus  songs tend to feel rather jarring.  Surely a lovely silence should follow  the majestic &quot;I Shall Be Released&quot;!  <br />In addition, about half  the outtakes here are songs that appear in very similar versions on the  seminal Band/Dylan collaboration, &quot;The Basement Tapes&quot;.  In all,  I would have preferred a simple repackaging of the original lineup of  songs.<br />Having said that, this is a record everyone should have.
B00003W8NM|5.0|So dear reader I was walking down the(across 110th ST) and then it got  ugly fatst if you get my meaning. So I went home and regressed to a state I  was in when I was 3, I banged my head against the wall, exposing the skull.  But I didn't stop, I kept banging and my condition(which is normally kept  under controll by my pet rabbit Sabastian Jongeheze III. He was at a  meeting so while bleeding I watched this D.V.D.(DEGRADATION, VIOLENCE AND  DEATH).  As I watched I think that the film was mostly about men getting  chummy. Now normally I like to see women getting chummy by this was good  because of the grotesque violence the enaraptured the violence thus  realeasing the pus of the society within. Further the society when  enraptured is killed by its raptuere, and it all GOES BACK TO VIETNAM. Well  remember Kennedy, he was a goodfella, he wanted to make piece, but they  went and shot him, and this is his rage from beyond, the envolpoes this  ever growing violence that kills my rabbit(I had him for dinner) and killed  any humanity I had within my broken ambulance chasing soul(Note I don't  chase ambulances because I'm a lawyer looking for somebody's 30% of  blackmail, I do so to get through the traffic). But alas and when Brad and  Edward fight, there is release and joy thus MANY PEOPLE ENJOYED AND FELT  GUILTY THUS exploered the violence withing themselvs to feel rather  squished in the heart in a way never before achieved by a motion picture  arts or science since the late Teddy Rousevelt who said &quot;all men are  created equa&quot;, yes he was reading from a book, but FINCHER HEAR HIM  and beat up people for it. He bombed some fellas and that was that but i  sorta dug the enraptued insanity within the soul of the abyss in us all  that kill my human dignity and the farts that are killed by the fake  colgne. As a nation we must smell the farts. Yes the fars for I've seen the  enemy and he is our cologne so we must fart and watch this wonderful movie.    I was just hoping Helena would get naked you know.
B00004TH7Z|1.0|Bruce Dickinson is back. That's the big news. Adrian Smith is back too.  But this new cd is perhaps even worse than '98's &quot;Virtual XI&quot;,  with not one great song and few inspired  performances. This has great  potential (Maiden now has three superb guitarists) and never delivers. Buy  the first album, &quot;Number Of The Beast&quot; and &quot;The X  Factor&quot; if you want to hear Iron Maiden at their finest. Do not buy  this.
B00003CXGG|3.0|I have seen Jet Li do better but Romeo Must Die still rocks. Even  though  the story drags at points some of the fight scenes makes up for that.  Almost 4 star quality in my opinion. I don't quit recommend buying it but  definently consider renting it. If you want to look into buying other good  action movies from 1999-2000 check out The Matrix, Hollow Man, Mission  Impossible 2, Reindeer Games or The Way Of The Gun. (Which is in theaters  right now)
6304539282|4.0|News on the Star Wars website:  &quot;Unavailable for the past three  years, the Star Wars Trilogy will be released by Lucasfilm Ltd. and  Twentieth Century Fox Home Entertainment (TCFHE) on VHS videocassette on  November 21, 2000 for a limited time.&quot;
B00003CWTI|1.0|What begins as a compeling drama slowly turns into a music video/wanna-be  art film. The symbolisim exists despite the fact that it means nothing. You  see, the film tries to possess the awesome qualities which Kubrick, Lynch  and Jarmusch are so amazing at producing, and fails miserably as it falls  on it's face in a disgusting display of poor script writing and blatant  soundtrack-tie-in commercialism. I was blown away by the arrogance, the  sheer and unmitigated gaul of this movie. It throws some cosmic  peculiarities out there that are completely void of purpose and depth, as  if that will make up for the total disappearence of the plot, and then just  goes on and on and on, without end it seems.<br />MAGNOLIA is depressing  because it begins so well (despite several uninteresting and unimportant  charachters) and then it very slowly gets worse till your screaming out  &quot;This is terrible!&quot; If the story had been more wraped around Tom  Cruise and his family it would have been better, and over all the movie  would have been better if it had had an ending and at least SOME  closure.<br />Do not waste your time on this... after all, it takes about ten  days to watch it.
1572522232|4.0|Italian horror maestro Dario Argento is the best and most famous Italian  horror director and for a good reason. `Suspiria' is Argento at his best  and probably his most accessible film. The movie has a flimsy plot that has  something to do with a witch's coven running a dancing academy. But, as  with almost all of Argento's films, the plot is beside the point, the  brilliantly staged horror sequences are the film's plus. Argento made  innovative use of lighting and sound to create genuinely frightening  sequences that are as dazzling to behold as they are scary. It opens with  one of the most viscous murder scenes ever filmed, which is horrifyingly  unforgettable, and escalated to a frightening and suspenseful climax. But  this is more than an ultra-stylized screamer, the suspense sequences are  truly brilliant and also extremely scary. The best parts of the film are  the first 10-min. and the last 15-min., those scenes alone are among the  scariest and hair-raisingly suspenseful sequences in any horror film.  Continuously scary and fascinating to behold, the grotesque has never  seemed this artistic. From a scale of 1-10 I give this film a 7!
B000008GS2|5.0|Only one word required: superb.  Sounds as good today as it did when it  was first released, well over ten years ago.  'Crazy' contrasts wonderfully  with my favorite 'The Kingdom'.  Usually found in the collection of people  who appreciate great, original music.
6305718911|3.0|'Stigmata' shouldn't be billed as a 'thriller' and much less as a 'horror'  film. It is more like a modern melodrama with a heavy dose of religious  subject matter, nice performances and some nice editing but unfortunately  not much more. The subject matter is sure to stir up some controversy but  that could easily be done be reading the basic ideas in a book, a film is  made to entertain and deliver something whether it's tears, laughs or  scares. While not a very bad film, 'Stigmata' just doesn't score in any  cinematic genre, it tries to swing violently between them but never scores.  Patricia Arquette, as always, fails to make an impression but gets the job  done well enough. Gabriel Byrne gives the best performance in the cast and  decided to play it mellow, which is a good thing and we never get weary of  his character. The main problem here is that explores subjects it couldn't  possibly tackle. Basically, it stirs up some intriguing and controversial  ideas but leaves you wanting. And also the filmmakers added some blood and  violence near the end so the audience would get their moneys worth but  ended up bringing the film down. It also has a heavy dose of 'The Exorcist'  on the 'scary scenes'. And also the ending is dull and unsatisfying. It  ultimately feels like a half-baked idea made into a movie. From a scale of  1-10 I give this film a 5!
B00004SCX6|2.0|..... especially with the song lucky. It is hideous and corny. The  producers have done a terrible job with it... and as 4 Britney's voice- it  sound's weak, whiney and downwright irritating. I'm not a teen-singer,  boy-band hating freak or anything like that just so you know. Christina  Aguliera and Jessica Simpson are both great- they are talented and their  songs are lovely. Anyway on the subject of the song lucky- it is a very  weak ballad and the lyrics are totally cheesy. Take this 'if there's  nothin' missin' in my life, then why do these tears come at night'. Britney  talks a lot on it too, which is downright ridiculous. The ONLY reason why  it got to no 5 is because naive, pathetic boys and men buy her C.D's cos  they reckon that if they dig Britney they'll get to meet her. TRUST ME ON  THIS ONE YOU WON'T GET TO MEET HER so you might as well put your money to  good use and buy a singer whose music you REALLY like. Oops...! i did it  again has good production on it but Britney really struggles to reach the  high note towards the end of the song. IF YOU CAN'T DO IT BRITNEY WHY IN  HELL DON'T YOU LEAVE THE HIGH NOTES AND BALLADS TO WHITNEY AND MARIAH?!   Satisfaction (i can't get no) is great (thanks to the producers and the  writer who wrote the song). Basically don't waste your hard earned money on  an album which contains 1 decent song in total and many dreadful ballads  which are not carried off properly. Thanks for reading, anyway.
B00003CX5A|4.0|As with all of Burton's films this one is visually stunning, dark,  cartoony and with gothic atmosphere. Burton has certainly proved himself of  being an original filmmaker and his films carry his stamp. And with all his  visual flair, 'Sleepy Hollow' is one of his best looking films, beautiful  costumes and sets are brilliantly captured by truly impressive  cinematography. But as a film, it is a lot of fun; spooky, funny and  exciting. Johnny Depp, who has collaborated with Burton in many successful  films, is excellently cast as the bumbling Ichabod, he is funny, heroic and  makes for a very likable hero. Christina Ricci is also great as Ichabod's  love interest, a great characterization and a slight change of pace from  all the heavy stuff she did on 'The Opposite of Sex' and in 'Buffalo 66'.  In fact the casting was impressive all around, but casting Christopher  Walken as the headless horseman, that was inspired casting. It's hard to  think of anybody else in the role, even if he is only in a few scenes he  sure leaves an impact as always. Excellent foggy atmosphere and a truly  brilliant score also help. The numerous frightening attacks by the headless  horseman are highlights, besides being technical marvels, they are exciting  and scary. The only flaw with this film is the ending, Burton made a  violent turn from being a fun-house romp to a serious mystery. And the last  fight with Ichabod and the headless horseman is a little too action-heavy.  That brought down the film a little but not too much, it still remains  entertaining and fun. Extras: Martin Landau, who won an Oscar working with  Burton in 'Ed Wood', has a cameo at the beginning of the film. From a scale  of 1-10 I give this film a 7!
0767903854|5.0|I have a great deal of affection for Bill Bryson's writings. I'm a  long-time fan of travel essays, but I always cringe at those that take  their subjects too seriously...reflecting solely on the majesty, history,  culture, and tradition of a place. I want to shout at these writers: C'mon!  You're looking for a clean public toilet too, just like the rest of  us!<br />Bill Bryson isn't the only humorous travel writer, but he's one of  the most effective at taking the p*ss out of travel as a holy grail. He's  well informed and read on his subjects, but not afraid to say he's  forgotten the name of Australia's Prime Minister (and reflect that that  says a lot about the rest of the world's focus on Australia in the global  stage). He's curious and willing to try new things like body surfing, but  not too proud to let you know he's dead rotten at it. He'll seek out exotic  wildlife, and then retreat quickly to safety if it's venomous. He loves to  try out the local cuisine, but spends much of his time looking for a cold  beer. In short, he's someone *I'd* like to travel with--informed, funny,  and personable. He's less grumpy than usual (then again, these travels are  less physical arduous than hiking the Appalachian Trail in &quot;A Walk  Through the Woods&quot;).<br />His anecdotes are entertaining and  informative. I read this book the weekend before the airing of the PBS  mega-series on Australia, and learned much more (and laughed a whole lot  more too) from Bryson than from Robert Hughes. From the big cities to the  Outback Bryson travels (sometimes in a good nature, sometimes in a humorous  grumpiness), talking to the people we wish we'd meet on our travels, doing  the things we'd like to do, and asking the questions only a man with the  outspokenness of an American but the politeness of an Englishman could ask.<br />Which is not to say the whole book is a laugh riot. He's remarkably  effective discussing the treatment of Australia's Aborigine tribes by  modern culture, and the self-fulfilling prophecy of the country's  educational failure in teaching the Aborigines' next generation. That's the  mark of the best travel writer, in my view: he makes you laugh, he makes  you think, he teaches you something, and best of all, he makes you long to  visit and experience the country for yourself.culture, and the self-fulfilling prophecy of the country's  educational failure in teaching the Aborigines' next generation. That's the  mark of the best travel writer, in my view: he makes you laugh, he makes  you think, he teaches you something, and best of all, he makes you long to  visit and experience the country for yourself.
0783221622|4.0|Filled with all of Scorsese's trademarks and marks the 8th pairing of  Scorsese and DeNiro. The most prolific actor-director team since John Ford  and John Wayne. But unfortunately `Casino' is one of their lesser efforts.  Among it's shortcoming is it's epic length, it's just a little too  ambitious. Scorsese tries to cover a lot of ground with little plot  structure and flimsy supporting characters. The first third of the film  plays life a fascinating inside documentary on the Las Vegas moneymaking  machine. It starts out well enough, fast paced and with long camera  sequences that reminded me of `Goodfellas'. That is one of the film's other  big problems, almost all of the characters seem recycled from `Goodfellas'  at least Pesci and DeNiro are the same. Their verbal riffs are equally  intense and memorable but unfortunately we've seen this done more than once  in better films, AKA `Raging Bull' and `Goodfellas'. Sharon Stone on the  other hand delivers a mesmerizing performance as a beautiful call girl that  catches DeNiro's eye and then marries him. This is when the film bogs down  a bit, all that subplot about Stone's addiction and her relationship with a  manipulative pimp is really bothersome. James Woods creates a very  unsympathetic character, one of the most unlikable characters ever to grace  the screen, and that's not a good thing. He's a weasely, sleazy and  manipulative pimp who has some kind of hold over Stone's character that is  never really explained. But still, Sharon Stone's performance was  astonishing and got her a much-deserved Oscar Nomination, her first and  only nomination. Pesci basically repeats the performance that won him and  Oscar in 1990 with `Goodfellas', he's the same hot-headed trigger-happy  menace. DeNiro does his best but unfortunately his character has little to  work with. Also appearing in supporting roles are Don Rickles (!) and Kevin  Pollack. Filled with all of Scorsese's trademarks; an excellent 60's  soundtrack, excellent use of slow-motion and voice-over, instantaneous mad  bursts of violence and impressive use of cinematography and editing. Some  violent scenes are a bit too graphic and definitely not for the squeamish.  For example, the scenes where Pesci is torturing an Irish thug and almost  squishes his head, and the unforgettably gruesome death of Pesci and his  brother when they are both almost beaten to death with bats and then buried  alive. Not a bad movie, in fact it remains a very good one, but one can't  help but expect more from Scorsese who has proven himself to be one of the  best and most original filmmakers in the last quarter of a century. From a  scale of 1-10 I give this film a 7!
B000002H97|5.0|My favorite albums by metallica are its 80s albums like ride the lighting,  justice for all and master of puppets. However, the black album still sound  really good and is their last good album of all original material. So far,  i have not gotten tired listening to this album in all the yeasr i have  listened to it and I now realize that this album has opened a great many  people to heavy meta. .There really is no bad song on this album and it  fails to become repetive or predictable. The songs that stand out are where  ever I may room, the god that failed, unforgiven, my friend of misery and  the struggle within.
6301562143|4.0|This one is probably the best in the series, even though `Batman Returns' is in some ways better. It is a film that is heavy with little flaws but as  we watch the `complete' product it delivers the goods and much more. As  with all the Batman films, here the villain is the one that steals the  film, and Jack Nicholson is the best villain of them all. Still unmatched,  only Michelle Pfeiffer came as close to creating an equally memorable  villain. Nicholson steals every scene he is in and ultimately ends up  stealing the movie, he is perfect as joker. Sure he goes way over the top  at times and shamelessly overacts at others but it's all just a lot of fun  and that is the way the joker would of behaves anyway. Much of this film's  success and the success of the whole Batman franchise is due to the twisted  genius of Tim Burton. He is the one who decided to create a brooding,  gothic and very dark Gotham as opposed to the TV series. Michael Keaton is  the best Batman of all; he delivers a low-key performance that is only  slightly impressive. The character Batman/Bruce Wayne needed a bit more  development. And Kim Basinger's character is completely unfocused and seems  a bit out of place at times. The score by Danny Elfman is a knockout and  has become one of the most famous of all time. Also the addition of some  songs from Prince were an inspired choice. More comic-book like and less  `cartoony' than the Batman flicks that would follow. This is also one of  the first films that marked Burton's brand of `twisted noir' as I call it.  He would later pick up that style in `Batman Returns', `Edward  Scissorhands', `Ed Wood', `Sleepy Hollow', etc. The film is obviously  flawed but is still an admirable effort and an extremely entertaining film  with some surprising German expressionist undercurrents. Extras: Jack  Palance appears in a small role. From a scale of 1-10 I give this film a 7!
B00002Z88D|4.0|When i first bought this album, I was some what skeptical about it, can  metallica do well playing with a symphany? Considering the poor quality of  music on load and reload, I thought that Metallica had lost the ability to  create good music considering thier previous album had just been of covers.  After listening to the album a few times, I really like it. The two new  songs, New Leaf Clover and Human are decent, but the album is still pretty  good because of the new versions of their old songs. It helped give a new  sound to songs that I had already like by them. My favorites that they put  on this album were one, of wolf and man, battery, master of pupputs, where  I may room and battery. Tje album does sound good throughout, the first to  really do so since the black album came out. It also adds a little depth to  this metal band.
6302378648|4.0|Although not as good as Scorsese's other films, but that was to be  expected. The material was just not as personal or as good. But still, this  is a memorable shocker with a powerhouse performance by DeNiro. DeNiro  creates a truly scary character that is even more frightening because he is  a normal `person', no supernatural elements or superhuman strength, just an  ex convict who is out to get him. DeNiro mastered a truly over the top  accent that, at times, seems a bit like Robert Mitchum's homicidal preacher  from `Night Of The Hunter', by the way, Mitchum starred in the original  1962 `Cape Fear' playing DeNiro's role. DeNiro delivers an intense,  breathtaking portrait of evil creating a complex character that ends up  stealing the movie. Scorsese's visual flare runs rampant creating a tense  atmosphere that is both dazzling to behold and unnervingly intense. Nick  Nolte and Jessica Lange are both great as the uneven married couple. But it  is Juliette Lewis who, apart from DeNiro, delivers a truly impressive  performance. She creates an unforgettable portrait of adolescent innocence.  The scenes with DeNiro and Lewis in the school basement are a magnificent  exercise on subtle manipulation by DeNiro, those few scenes are so well  made it's scary. The part where DeNiro sticks his thumb in Lewis mouth was  pure DeNiro, made up on the spot. Scorsese went for the excessively violent  action-packed ending near the end, which can be viewed either as a mistake  or as a good choice. The ending is suspenseful and nicely staged during an  apocalyptic rainstorm. While some may argue that the 1962 version was  better, this one is certainly a close second. Extras: both Gregory Peck and  Robert Mitchum, who appeared in the first film, appear in cameos. From a  scale of 1-10 I give this film a 7!
0375501851|3.0|No question, Zadie Smith is an amazing talent. What an ear for dialog!  What wit spews from her characters' mouths! But once I got through 30, 100,  then 200 pages of that, I kept looking for a story. A reason to go on!! I  had to summon monumental willpower to slog on to the end. The book sat with  10 pages to go for days and days, and I wouldn't have finished if a friend  didn't insist I did. The book was entirely plotless. And Smith rarely  described anything. I kept wondering...where are we here? What does the pub  look like? What did people's houses and living rooms look like? Just  dialog, dialog and more dialog. It was as if she carried around a tape  recorder, then transcribed the results. She should be given credit for  recording some pretty great riffs, but that just wasn't enough to engage me  in her novel.
6302590388|5.0|In 1934, Jean Vigo came as close to actually creating a cinematic poem as  anyone before or since. Jean Vigo was one of cinema's greatest tragedies, a  boundless original talent that was just springing and had much more to  offer. Who knows how many more masterpieces he would have filmed? In 1933  he made the imaginatively surreal `Zero for Conduct' and caused a lot of  controversy and even caused it to be banned in some countries. But the film  that followed; L'Atalante, would be his crowning masterpiece, a hauntingly  beautiful and poetic film. Vigo tragically died of septicemia at 29 but not  before leaving us this beautiful dream-like masterpiece. One of the  screen's greatest romances and probably the best and most understanding  film ever made about young love. Boris Kaufman's evocative cinematography  captures some of the most hauntingly beautiful images ever filmed. Some of  the scenes linger in the mind for quite a long time after the first  viewing. The scene when the two young lovers are making imaginary love in  separate locations and the sequence when Jean Dast dives into the water to  try and picture his beloved's face are intoxicatingly beautiful and  unforgettable. Even the performances are timeless. Jean Dast, who also  starred in Vigo's `Zero for Conduct' is unforgettable as the young captain  of L'Atalante who is hopelessly in love with Dita Parlo. Parlo delivers a  truly timeless performance, she would star in Renoir's `Grand Illusion'  just four years later. But it is Michel Simon's legendary performance as  Jules that is truly unforgettable. Simply one of the most beautiful and  deeply poetic films ever made and it still feels passionate and moving.  From a scale of 1-10 I give this film a 10!
B0000399WI|2.0|It's alright to watch ONCE.  It's very well done, but painful to sit  through this long movie twice.  All you do is wait until he tries to  escape; the only exciting part of the movie.  The narration by Morgan  Freeman is just plain goofy.  When it starts, 'The first time I laid eyes  on him (Tim Robbins)...&quot; I thought, who cares what he is thinking.  Also  when Tim gets the free beer for some inmates, what's with him just sitting  there with that, that smile?  Have a beer you idiot, or join the  conversation, or relax, don't just sit there staring with that smile.  And  finally (DON'T READ THIS if you haven't seen it yet) what kind of ending is  it where two dudes are together on a beach.  Really sounds like fun to me.   And what would they talk about?  'Man jail really sucked...  Yep, it sure  did.'  On the positive side the classical music scene was excellent.   There's definitely much worse movies, but please don't buy this one.  Too  many people I know already own it, and it's not worth watching again.
B00000IQBM|4.0|This is one of Kubrick's lesser efforts, but then again almost all fo  Kubrick's films have become milestones in their genre and this is no  exception. Filled with unsettling images and chilling sequences that stay  with you long after the first viewing. `Chilling' is probably the best way  to describe this film, the pace drags is spots here and there but maybe  Kubrick intended that to heighten the sense of seclusion and boredom which  than produces `cabin fever' and then things tend to get a bit scary. The  use of steady-cam cinematography is great and the low-key score really  heightens the suspense. Jack Nicholson goes way over the top at times, but  still, he delivers a compelling performance. Shelley Duvall, on the other  hand, is very effective as Nicholson's wife who must protect his son  against Nicholson's maniac killer. Once Nicholson begins his descent into  madness is when the film really gets on its feet. Many now-classic scenes  such as the `Heeeeere's Johnny' sequence and the chilling ending. Stephen  King aficionados may argue that the novel is better, and in many ways it  is, but this film survived best in the audience's mind and in America's  culture. From a scale of 1-10 I give this film a 7!
B00000ICD9|4.0|Great movie! I would've given 5 stars except: this picture's idea of  heaven is a combination of several religions (too funky for me); angel's  fib; and some minor, unsuitable language which would prohibit viewing this  movie as a family.<br />I was never a fan of Impressionism, 'till this movie.  I went on the Internet hoping to buy copies of some of the paintings in  this movie. No success as of yet, but I'll keep trying. And I'm no fan of  Robin Williams; matter of fact I'm not keen on him at all, but he did a  great job in this picture. <br />What's the premise of this movie? A family  dies and goes to &quot;heaven.&quot; First the kids, then Robin, then the  wife. However, Robin's wife winds up in the ghetto of the afterlife, and  off he goes to save her. I don't want to say anymore and ruin the movie for  you.<br />With the junk Hollywood has been throwing into the theaters the past  few years, this is something totally unexpected. From the soundtrack to the  special effects to the poetic dialogue, there's something in this movie for  everyone.
0790729628|5.0|Top-notch action packed sci-fi by the same director that made `Aliens'.  `Blade Runner' is one of those rare films that mixes thought provoking  science fiction with a `film noir' edge. Along with `Brazil', the most  stunning, original and most probable vision of an apocalyptic future. The  film is intoxicatingly heavy on atmosphere. Amazing special effects bring  to life an apocalyptic neon-drenched futuristic Los Angeles. Filled with a  unique brooding `noir' atmosphere, a rare thing in sci/fi films. Even the  memorable score is contemporarily jazzy. Harrison Ford had just become a  star with `The Empire Strikes Back' and `The Raiders Of The Lost Ark', just  two and one year earlier respectively. This was a brilliant career move but  unlike those two past films, the role of Deckard was no star-making  machine. Ford's brooding presence really helps and he makes for a  compelling and memorable Deckard. As with almost all great `noir', the film  has a private-eye/murder-mystery plot involving mutinying `replicants' on  earth who must be eliminated by the best of the `Blade Runners' that  happens to be Ford. Rutger Hauer and Darryl Hannah are great as two of the  replicants. Based on the thought-provoking Philip K. Dick story `Do  Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?'. The action-packed ending is a  knock-out, this is really intense action not just `cops and robbers' or  `good guys vs. bad guys' action this is real adrenaline pumping stuff. You  really start to fear for Deckard and Rutger Hauer really seems like an  indestructible superhuman force. This is what I most look up to when I see  the film, I just think the ending is expertly shot and edited for maximum  impact. The director's cut was released in 1993, making for a much better,  adding a little more character development and a more dark and unsettling  ending and eliminating Ford's tedious voice-over narration. This more  unsettling ending loosely implies that Deckard himself may be a replicant  hits you out ofnowhere and leaves a memorable impact and one that you will  think off for at least weeks to come. From a scale of 1-10 I give this film  a 9!
0767800958|4.0|everyone has heard the saying that dancing is 'a vertical expression of a  horizontal desire'.  this is an understatement when it comes to the tango.   the tango is an argentinian dance that isn't just sex - its erotic.  this  movie captures the eroticism inherent in this dance.  not only is this  movie about dancing the tango - its about power. mainly power as it relates  to male/female relationships.  sally is a middle-aged director (sally  potter, who is also in real-life a director and the director of this movie)  who falls in love w/ the tango and the   dancer she hires to teach her the  tango.  she decides to make a film about him and the tango.  they dance,  fight for control on and off the dance floor.  they talk about life  philosophy and relationship philosophy.  as they grow closer, their dancing  becomes more and more erotic.  by the end of the movie - i needed a cold  shower.  <br />a tip to the guys - this is a great movie to show your  'feminine' side and to try and ....well.. you know.<br />ladies - you are  forwarned.  if a man shows up w/ flowers, chocolates and this  movie....well...you decide what you want to do.
B00004TRD8|5.0|Sure, it might not be a 100% logical at all times, but when you watch this  movie, you realise that you don't really care. It's incredibly cool, and  well done. It's really sad to see that some of the movies that are being  made today can't match the special effects in this movie. Come on! Almost  ten years? Well, Cameron sure knows what he's doing, and Schwarzenegger was  born a robot. :)
B000002LND|5.0|My favorite hits from the singer are the ballads,like &quot;Crazy for  you,&quot; and&quot;Live to tell.&quot;Madonna gets into the cord when she  sings these type of songs.One number I  fell in love with is &quot;La Is  LaBonita.&quot; The latin sound its perfect for the singer.The greatest pop     record ever is in this collection,&quot;Cherish.&quot;It would be one of  my top five favorite songs ever. I remember reading a interview about Barry  Manilow,and he went up to Madonna telling her how much he loved  &quot;Cherish.&quot; Barry said,she just nodded and kept walking.Alright  Madonna.Barry use to do the same thing when he was on top.Madonna gets my  respect because she co-writes most of her material.It won't be long before  she has  another greatest hits collection,with &quot;Take a Bow,Ray of  light,&quot;and her new single,&quot;Music.&quot;After almost twenty years  Madonna's music career keeps growing.
0375501851|2.0|Kudos to Zadie Smith, who wrote this book by the meager age of 24!!  How  accomplished she is!  How worldly!  Even a slacker like me can admire her  level of ambition.  What had I done by age 24?  Besides corrupt the morals  of a dozen boys, a fireman, a poet and two university professors?  I had my  wisdom teeth removed, and that has to count for something (right?).<br />I  tried to read this book.  Really.  I did.  I read the last chapter, and I  enjoyed it tremendously.  Then, I read the first three chapters.  Alas, I  could go no further!  The book was too busy; it jostled me most  disagreeably.  It was all over the place.  It made me nervous.  I developed  a facial twitch.<br />I did like what I read, but yet, the book drained me.   It expected too much.  \\"I know I'm the book and you are the reader,\\" it  said, \\"but I think you should entertain me,\\" it demanded.  \\"I'll try,\\" I  replied.  But it turns out I was just too dull, with my herbal tea and my  horoscope and my bath oil beads.  I work for lobbyists.  It is my only  defense.  The book snubs me now, if I try to pick it up.<br />From now on, I  think I will stick to reading supermarket circulars.  \\"Come as you are,\\"  they beckon.  \\"Bring your credit cards.  It's two-for-one day.  You like  two-for-one,\\" they declare.
0871137380|5.0|Black Hawk Down is the most detailed, finely authored account of troops in  combat that I have ever read. Author Mark Bowden obviously went to great  pains to recreate the events of Oct. 3-4, 1993, when a company-sized unit  of mixed Delta Force operators and Airborne Rangers went into the dangerous  territory of downtown Mogadishu to extract two lieutenants of the insidious  Somalian warlord Aidid.<br />The struggles of our troops to battle seemingly  the entire city follows. It's an amazing testament to the training,  determination and pride of the U.S. armed forces. It's a shame that the  U.S. mission to Somalia was not successful, but you can't fault our troops.  They carried out their orders with skill and precision. The failure goes to  the politicians who failed to recognize and fully analyze the intransigence  of a people gripped by anarchy and the anachronistic clan hierarchy of  their society.<br />The American mission to Somalia occurred shortly after our  success in the Gulf War, when America was riding high on its military might  and we deemed ourselves the world &quot;police force.&quot; While there is  little doubt that the United States is the world's only remaining super  power, even we must know ahead of time that whenever U.S. troops are called  upon to defend democracy, we must be prepared for casualties of war. The  grisly footage of Somalian mobs defiling the corpses of U.S. troops haunts  me to this day. But I'm sad that we did not attempt to complete the mission  in Somalia to honor the sacrifices made by these and the other troops who  fought and died there.<br />Bowden's account shows both sides of the conflict,  but I can't help feeling angry and saddened after reading this book. But I  also feel overwhelming pride and respect for the men who fought and died  for our country in this conflict.
B000007T2Z|5.0|listening to godspeed you black emporer summoned the images of big  mountians with dark clouds and countless lost souls underneath them. This  is truely a great album. The sounds are distict and like none ive ever  heard. the variety of the instruments and sounds is as unique as any  radiohead album.
B000002HPV|4.0|The greatest thing about artist like Bjork is that you NEVER know what you  are getting into until you buy the CD.  For years I have always said that  artist like Bjork and Seal are very similar.  The only thing you can count  on is that every album will be different  from the last, and the first time  you listen to it.......you won't like it.  The more you listen however, the  more you start to understand how shallow you initial opinion is.  Before  you even THINK about listening, you must FIRST rid your mind of all you  know of music stereotypes. There is no way to prepare for a Bjork release.   I saw a documentary on A&amp;E, rented her collection of videos on DVD. I  even downloaded &quot;Bachlorette&quot; and &quot;Hunter&quot; from Napster  and played them out.   NOTHING could prepare me for the intense emotianlal  journey that Bjoirk always seems to take me through.  There isn't a single  song on the album that makes me wanna skip the next.  Even though many do  not like &quot;Pluto&quot;  being a former clubber, I found it to be a good  adrenaline surge.<br />For those of you new to the Bjork world, here are thre  rules:<br />It hits the stores, you buy it, you listen, you hate it, you  listen again, you love it.  It's just that simple.  From Track 1  &quot;Hunter&quot; all the way to the end &quot;All Is Love&quot; Bjork  keeps you captivated and enthralled.
0451191153|1.0|Bombastic.  Another good one is narcissistic.  And, of course, boring.  Wretchedly, perversely boring.<br />If you need a plot summary, oh well.   Howard Roark is an ubermensch, I mean architect, and the &quot;ideal  man&quot; of Ayn Rand's philosophy.  Roark &quot;rebels against  convention&quot; and builds ugly buildings, whereas others design  aesthetically pleasing buildings, incorporating elements from earlier  works, and therefore are evil second-handers who have no  integrity.<br />Howard Roark is an unpleasant human being, one who a sane  person cannot relate to.  He is obstinate, excessively so, and mostly seems  like a projection of a stoic god onto a plane of &quot;mere mortals.&quot;   He is a hero by definition--he commits rape (in the name of love, if that's  to be believed), blows up buildings, and generally acts like an ***hole and  yet Rand expects us to believe his ideal-ness.<br />Don't worry, though, this  book's not just a shallow plot, with bad architectural ideas and characters  who wish they were 2-dimensional.  It's a &quot;philosophical novel.&quot;   Well, actually, no.  Dune, by Frank Herbert, is a philosophical novel--a  study of a messianical figure, and his triumphs and ultimate failings.  A  novel with a heavy philosophical theme.  Fountainhead is a monumental  tribute to pseudo-intellectualism.<br />You see, Ayn Rand's  &quot;philosophy&quot; is called Objectivism.  It's a fairly simple, if not  valid, viewpoint:  good actions are intended to benefit the individual, and  all that stuff that appeals to people looking for justification for who  they are.  It's proven by the tried and true method of &quot;You must  interpret reality, but since reality's objective, people who disagree with  me are wrong.&quot;<br />And Fountainhead hits you with this philosophy about  as subtly as a brick.  It's amazing how easily people swallow this crap.   Unfortunately, Rand's followers subscribe to her ideas in their totality  (imagine a crowd chanting, in unison, &quot;we are individuals,&quot; and  you'll get an idea of the attitude), and preach them.<br />If you want to read  a novel with lots of philosophical ideas, read something interesting like  Stranger in a Strange Land or Dune.  If you want to read great philosophy,  you have centuries to choose from.  Read Plato or Descartes, read Sartre or  Machiavelli.  Read the Bible.  Or the Tao Te Ching.  Or the works of Marx  and Engels.  Take a serious philosophy course.  Just stay away from the  stylings of Ayn Rand.  Once you've gotten through some decent philosophy,  Rand will just seem puerile.
B00004U8H4|5.0|American Psycho, the film, is really a totally separate entity from  American Psycho, the novel.  Mary Harron, the director, has taken an  unfilmable novel and boiled it down to the vital components.  She has  extricated the satire and the humor from the novel's gratuitous (and  largely unnecessary) violence, which (I believe) detracts from the themes  of the novel.  Don't get me wrong, there is still plenty of violence and  gore in the film, but within the context of the film it is at an  appropriate level.  The film serves as an effective indictment of the  1980's &quot;Me&quot; culture and the yuppies who were responsible for  sustaining it.  Christian Bale nails the character of Patrick Bateman.  I  can't think of another actor who could have pulled it off with the kind of  bravado that he brings to the part.  Leonardo DiCaprio doesn't have the  physique or the vocal skills to be believable in Mary Harron's film.  Now,  he might have worked in Oliver Stone's American Psycho...but I'm glad that  combination didn't materialize.  If you have an offbeat sense of humor and  you know what the definition of subtext is, you will enjoy this film.
6300215717|5.0|When your feeling down and you don't know what to watch, put this film in  your video.  It will make you laugh, it will make you cry, but most of all  you'll have a warm content feeling inside.  I can't believe there could be  a better pairing than Hepburn &amp; Peck.  They play their respective parts  perfectly and most all, they're totally believable.  This story has charm,  this film has panache, the set design and costume design are second to  none.  Please watch it with delight, this is undoubtly my number one all  time romance.  Next stop Rome...
B00000163G|5.0|This Cd is the definitive Tupac album.  Loved by many,hated by others, no  one can deny the power he possessed when he stepped behind a mike and  started to rap and let it all out.  The best songs on this cd are the hard  driving songs like &quot;Ambitions as a Rida,&quot;&quot;No More Pain&quot;  and &quot;When We Ride&quot; which sort of introduces us to his possee of  Outlawz.  Everytime I listen to this Cd i feel a sadness that the greatest  rapper ever is no longer with us.  RIP
B00000J7JO|5.0|The Red Hot Chili Peppers were not exactly my cup of tea for many years -- until, that is, \\"Californication\\" came out. I've  caught these guys live twice, which was a real treat, and this was one of the tours I saw. Live, the RHCP bring a lot of heart and energy to the table; the songs from this album still get the crowd pumped up. \\"Californication\\" deserves all of its accolodes and multi-platinum status. Anthony Kiedis gets his funked-up vibe going right away on the frantic opener, \\"Around the World,\\" one of several hit radio singles from this album. You immediately get a sense of Kiedis' confidence, love of life, his peaceful way of thinking, diversity, troubles and collective musical collaboration from each member. When the chips are down, these guys turn it on in a big way every time. \\"Parallel Universe\\" is another prime example of the Peppers' lust for life, a vibrating, guitar-heavy tune that makes you want to jump around in ecstacy, especially at the boastful chorus. These guys have gone from fun-loving funk rockers to classic rock status -- sweet tunes like \\"Californication\\" and \\"Scar  Tissue,\\" the latter of which contains a wrenching guitar lick by John Frusciante and great vocals during the chorus, will confirm that.<br /><br />Kiedis' lyrics, as usual, are wonderful. He's a high-energy guy who goes from bragging to silly to heavy to pretty from one song to the next like he's handing out Halloween candy. Kiedis' lyrical content is clever without being too metaphorical, and he definitely doesn't mumble his words or drown them out with the surrounding music. The guy is bold, clear-as-a-bell-sober and obviously happy to be part of one of the biggest bands in rock. Song after song on \\"Californication\\" just blows you away. The more danceable tunes include \\"Get on Top,\\" \\"I Like Dirt,\\" \\"Purple  Stain\\" and \\"Right on Time.\\" These tunes send out a  righteous and positive vibe, an aura that guys like Limp Bizkit couldn't  convey with hand-written instructions. If you buy this record simply for  the radio hits, you'll be amazed at what you've stumbled upon. The non-hits  like \\"Easily\\" and the entire back half of the album are every bit  as good.<br /><br />\\"Porcelain\\" slows everything down to a tender moment, Kiedis taking a break from his nonstop rhyming assault and belting out about everything under the California sun. \\"This Velvet Glove\\" is a lyric-heavy tune where Kiedis gracefully lays out his feelings: \\"It's such a waste to be wasted in the first place,\\" he sings knowingly on the song. \\"My will is well,\\" he cries out later, making it a song of fresh starts and redemption. Frusciante is to be commended for his quirky guitar work and contributing soft vocals, which offset Kiedis' more bellowing tone. \\"Purple Stain\\" is also a real treasure, a song that melds hip-hop and funk, with a drawling chorus that once again states the band's premiere place to live within the U.S. (In case you didn't know, it's California.) A murky haze of loud guitars end this awesome song.<br /><br />Overall, this was the beginning of a new and exciting start for the band, and it's an album that might get you into the RHCPs' music.this record simply for  the radio hits, you'll be amazed at what you've stumbled upon. The non-hits  like \\"Easily\\" and the entire back half of the album are every bit  as good.    \\"Porcelain\\" slows everything down to a tender moment, Kiedis taking a break from his nonstop rhyming assault and belting out about everything under the California sun. \\"This Velvet Glove\\" is a lyric-heavy tune where Kiedis gracefully lays out his feelings: \\"It's such a waste to be wasted in the first place,\\" he sings knowingly on the song. \\"My will is well,\\" he cries out later, making it a song of fresh starts and redemption. Frusciante is to be commended for his quirky guitar work and contributing soft vocals, which offset Kiedis' more bellowing tone. \\"Purple Stain\\" is also a real treasure, a song that melds hip-hop and funk, with a drawling chorus that once again states the band's premiere place to live within the U.S. (In case you didn't know, it's California.) A murky haze of loud guitars end this awesome song.     Overall, this was the beginning of a new and exciting start for the band, and it's an album that might get you into the RHCPs' music.
B000002H38|5.0|First, I would like to say that Anita Baker is in a class by herself. With  all of the head bopping music today, Anita has stayed true to her roots.The  great thing about that is she still continues to sell millions of albums  worldwide. Whitney, Janet, Toni, and etc... Changed the style of their  music to sell more records, but Anita stayed Anita. Hats off to Anita for  staying true to yourself and not being a conformist. I am your biggest fan  and I am looking foward to your next album and tour. I love you so much!!!!
6302765536|4.0|This is one of a few movies that can be almost ten years old but are still funny. Culkin plays a kid, a very smart kid, who loses his family in the  airport and accidentally gets on a flight to New York.      Then he does  things that I would never think of, like recording his voice on a recorder  and playing it deep ona pay phone to check into a hotel. I know it's just a  movie and things like that make it hilarious. The hotel scene where he  plays a movie and makes the hotel employees think that there is a guy with  a machine in the room is my personal favorite. I can't wait for a DVD  version.
B000002KHF|5.0|In the history of popular music, there are works which, no matter how old  they are, no matter how many times you have heard them, they remain  consistently fresh, innovative, inviting and entertaining.  Moondance, by  Van Morrison, deserves an honored place on that list.<br />I was listening to  the WXRT here in Chicago the other day, and Lin Brehmer, the morning DJ,  had just played the first cut on Moondance, &quot;And It Stoned Me&quot;.   The song ended, and Lin read the titles of the first five songs on the  disc, then he said, &quot;If that is not musical genius, I don't know what  is&quot;.  I think Lin hit the nail on the head.<br />Moondance is an  excellent album.  The songwriting and the arrangements combine to form a  mood and a feeling that is so distinct, so ephereal and relaxing, you feel  like you are in another time and place.  Listen to the song Moondance on  the radio, and you may tire of it soon. Listen to it in the context of this  album, and you will understand that it was written by a young man who was  writing about his time, his life, his relationships.<br />This album has been  written about many times, by writers whose skills far outweigh mine.  Let  me just finish by saying that Moondance is a special album, filled with  special music.  Buy it, and it will be special for you, too.
B00004SCX6|5.0|Okay, I'll admit it, when I first saw and heard about Britney Spears, I  could not stand her or her music.  Then, this summer, I bought Oops!.. I  Did It Again, not for any particular reason, and listened to it.  I loved  it!!!  Her voice is so awesome, and so are the excellent songs on the CD.   The tunes range from funky and fun to sweet and sentimental.  My favorite  songs on the album are &quot;Lucky&quot; and &quot;Dear Diary&quot;.  The  songs on her current CD are a lot more catchy and mature than the ones from  Baby..One More Time.  For anyone who loves Backstreet Boys, *N Sync, or  Mandy Moore, Oops! is great!  I really enjoy this CD, and I hope that this  review will help you decide if this kind of music is for you.
6305897786|2.0|What crap - good start, suspenseful music, nice nude scene, but then it  seemed like they ran out of plot and just faded to the credits.
0913022101|1.0|This book seems to be written by some philosoher named &quot;Adoplh  Hitler&quot;. First of all, the book is way too long. Secondly, you begin  to wonder where the author gets all these ideas! He has some sort of  &quot;germ theory&quot; about the human race. I don't mean genetics. But  his complete obsession with the Jews. He creates a road map where the Jews  step in and take over a country. Then they make friends with everybody. And  then they begin to acquire the country that they habitate. The big question  is, &quot;Where did this gentleman get his facts?&quot; He seems to have  made it all up in his head without any basis of fact except for perhaps his  own life experiences. He comes up with some good ideas. Such as increased  physical education in the school systems. And also increased courage and  will power. But he just falls to  pieces periodically. All of his ideas.  They don't come together into any coherent whole. He goes into such  incredible details about how the Jew takes over. a), b), c), and so forth.  But he literally gives no concrete examples. It's as if he is living out a  comic book. Worse yet, it's as if he created the comic book. And after  awhile, it is (need I say it) just plain boring. Don't buy it unless you  want to get terribly confused without any purpose (Note: Written with the  sole purpose of how this book review would appear if I knew nothing about  the Holocaust - it is boring and ridiculous - only buy it if you are an  historian. It's better to read about Hitler than to read Hitler obviously).
B00004SCX6|1.0|Personally, after watching a concert of hers, I think she's either really  bad at lip sync or is a really good ventriliquist. You decide which one.  Secondly, she seems to be in it for the money more than anything else. Who  cares, though, when listening to her music. None of her songs are remotely  original, and I'd think that &quot;dear diary&quot; would make her biggest  fan become her worst enemy. I'm sorry, Britney lovers, this just doesn't  cut it.
B000000WHC|4.0|great collection of blues classics and original done with that good  soulful/rockin flavor. my favorite song is &quot;king of the blues&quot;  written for the late albert king who played with gary on his live cd. and  great cover of &quot;im tired&quot;
078062565X|5.0|Amazing what movies can achieve by relying on simple storytelling and  giving your own imagination the real power. I think I saw this movie when I  was five. At any rate, I remember riding down the aisle of the Cedar Cinema  in Berkeley on my Dad's shoulders. (This was the late 60's).<br />Of course it  didn't scare me. Because it was a black and white movie I knew it happened  a long time ago. My folks remember, though, that just about a week later I  turned to my mom and asked, &quot;Um, where is King Kong now?&quot;
B000002J2B|1.0|I have to fall in with the negative reviews on this one.  I remember when  this album came out when I was in colege.  My roommates and I were  Gabriel-era Genesis fans that were quite pleased with Trick of the  Tail--then this sappy, limp-wristed followup came out.  We had a game of  making up alternative titles for this album--Weak and Worthless, Wimpy and  Withering...you get the picture.  &quot;Your Own Special Way&quot; was  particularly ghastly.  For wusses only.
6304935811|5.0|Before this movie, very few people knew who Patton was. When it came out,  I didn't know anything about this forocious madman. If you haven't seen it  at least ten times, then you are missing something. Scott dominates the  whole movie, of course, as Patton. A fierce fighting Amercian General in  World War II. So much so, in fact, that after the U.S. entered the war, the  Germans divided the Allied Forces into two groups. &quot;Patton&quot; and  &quot;Other&quot;. An aide of Patton's wrote a biography of his commander  and recommeded this movie as a distinct example of how Patton actually was!  A little understanding might enhance your enjoyment of the film after you  buy it from Amazon.com. &quot;Georgie&quot;, as his close friends called  him, was a bit of a child prodigy. In fact, you can leave out the  &quot;prodigy&quot; in some cases and leave it at &quot;child&quot;. He was  no doubt the most brillant general in World War II. In fact, he was slated  in this position when war broke out. Chief-of -Staff, General Marshall,  liked him generally. Ike was his buddy until things got out of hand. Watch  a man whole simply has everything it takes to end a war but he has one  simple flaw. The ability to be diplomatic and political. You will see how  one man can outguess, out-think, out-do, any other general. But his energy  has to be, sometimes ruthlessly, harnessed in order for him not to destroy  the political structure of his own country's offensive. We all ultimately  believe in Patton's view. Just get the job over with whether it be washing  dishes, mowing the lawn, or conducting the war. FDR and Ike were masters of  the other side of the coin. Shake hands with people you dispise. Befriend  those whom you have absolutely nothing in common with except mutual gain.  Cooperate with a country whose sole purpose is to dominate the world, and  proved that fact through the invasion of Norway before our entry. It's hard  to identify with a man who worships war. But I think that if we do so, we  might more actually perceive the smiling wolves who provided an arena of  pretense for the entire world. Side with Georgie and then vote in November.  Georgie couldn't abide the &quot;greasy spoon&quot; mentality of his  political comrades.  Perhaps you won't either after viewing this film  through a pair of glasses with clean lens. Good luck and good viewing!k that if we do so, we  might more actually perceive the smiling wolves who provided an arena of  pretense for the entire world. Side with Georgie and then vote in November.  Georgie couldn't abide the &quot;greasy spoon&quot; mentality of his  political comrades.  Perhaps you won't either after viewing this film  through a pair of glasses with clean lens. Good luck and good viewing!
B0000026TD|5.0|I was recently inroduced to the music of Andreas Vollenweider during a  romantic weekend break in Rome.  My partner and I attented his concert  which was set in the beautiful grounds of Villa Cellimontana.  As the  darkness fell and the stars came out the music of &quot;Stella&quot;  (Cosmopoly) began to fill the air. It was a very moving experience that I  shall never forget. &quot;Cosmopoly&quot; and &quot;Dancing with the  Lion&quot; now provide a backdrop to all our intimate dinners together.
B00004TLMC|5.0|I was pleasantly surprised with this film; expecting little more than  high-class erotica (not that there would be anything wrong with that; but  Kubrick's final work should be rather heavy given his repuation).  What I  got was a profoundly disturbing journey into the darker recesses of the  human psyche.  This film is about New York yuppies having sex as much as  &quot;Apocalypse Now&quot; is a realistic account of the Vietnam War.    Eyes Wide Shut uses the sexual frustration of its characters as a  springboard to explore something more interesting and less definable.  The  film starts out in the same idealized upper class Manhattan we have seen in  hundreds of films.  Being a Kubrick film, everythig looks absolutely  stunning.  The lavish sets seem to shimmer; the actors seem haloed by  beautiful light. The story starts out with ordinary problems and ordinary  feelings (jealousy,etc.).  Then it takes a trip through the looking glass.   Like Roman Polanski's &quot;Chinatown&quot;, things become more and more  mysterious as we go along, and litle reassurance is offered at the end.   After the odd, non-linear, emotionally evocative plot unfolds, we are left  with a feeling that all is not right with the world--that a layer has been  pulled back and revealed secrets that could severely damage the knower. As  everyone knows by now, the most arrseting image of the film is an  unexplained ritual preformed at night in a lovely upstate mansion.   Unthinking viewers usually describe it as simply an &quot;orgy&quot; scene;  but what exactly is going on?  People wear elaborate masks and sometimes  robes (some are naked aside from the masks).  They seem to lose all sense  of self and personality while playing out this masked role.  None of them  talk or socialize.  They either stand around in a daze or act out stiff,  stereotyped motions at the direction of a man dressed as a parody of a  Catholic Cardinal. Why?  We never know.  They never seem to attain any real  pleasure or release from the behavior which seems purely compulsive and  empty (though strangely beautiful like an Aztec ritual or something).  The  hero who has blundered onto the ritual is forbidden to talk about it and  also forbidden to join the clique/cult/gang/whatever; even though he  becomes aware that some of his friends regularly participate. The  &quot;real meaning&quot; of the film may be debated forever.  It is  destined to take its place in history as a surreal, challenging classic.
B00003CXGG|4.0|OK, Romeo Must Die is just an up to date version of the classic Romeo and  Juliet. Exept that they are really different movies. I am not going to go  into the details of this film because if you know anything about Romeo and  Juliet, you may already know the plot. <br />But, please do not get me wrong,  this is not the best adaption to Shakespere's work. It is more of a guys  film. Like when their girlfriends took them to see Romeo and Juliet remake  in '96, this is their payback.<br />It has pretty good special effects. It is  from the director of the Matrix, which I thought would make it a little  better, but it did not really. Although the fire house scene was fairly  good.<br />The DVD was packed with a lot such as 3 music videos. The making of  Feature which I always love and alot more.<br />It is a pretty good choice  exept that it deals with racism and pretty much accepts it. The ending is  OK, but expected. Not really enough character development.<br /> I buy the DVD  if it were less then $15, it is not really worth over $20.<br />Have A NiC  LiFE!<br />Ryan
B000002UAR|5.0|When I first heard this one, I didn't think it was that good.  But it grew  on me.  I listened to it again and I loved it!  It's beautifully written.   My favorite song is &quot;I'm Only Sleeping&quot;. A great place to start  if you want to get into The Beatles.
B00003CWTI|5.0|i am not sure how to put this....<br />i felt so enthralled with this film,  it feels.... it is just beautifully cathartic... i know it's because i just  saw this movie so i may be biased..... but i cannot think at this point in  time of ever having seen a movie as emotionally powerful as this one. the  acting is incomparable to anything... the soundtrack and the score.... they  just pull you into the story in a way i cannot comprehend.... it is just  utter beauty...<br />i feel sorry for the people that didn't enjoy this ...  this is certainly one of the most beautiful masterpieces of our time... and  for the people that complained it was 3 hrs. long... i guess you prefer  Steven Seagal than good filmmaking. i will only tell you i felt crushed  when this gem was actually over...<br />it tore me to pieces that's all i can  say ... GO SEE THIS MOVIE!!!
6305161992|5.0|This film here was the first Brandon Lee American movie.  He had done some  limited TV spots and a film in Hong Kong prior to Showdown in Little Tokyo  though.  For a low-budget film, it's sure to keep both Lee and Lundgren  fans enthralled.  The fight scenes are well choreographed, and the banter  between Lee and Lundgren adds some humor as well.  Watching Lee's budding  talent, it makes you wonder what would have been had he not died on the set  of The Crow.  Don't expect the quality of The Crow here, but Showdown in  Little Tokyo is definitely worth picking up.  It would have been nice if  the DVD was offered in widescreen, and if some extras had been thrown in,  but the film alone is worth the price of admission.
B000002MG1|5.0|i found this album in the street when i was about 13, and took it home and  listened to it...THE WHOLE WAY THROUGH...it was, without a doubt, the best  album i have EVER heard!  the lyrics are very thought provoking and very  compelling. michael stipe's vocals are excellent...sometimes haunting...and  ever changing fitting with the particular mood of the song.  the  musicianship is outstanding...very different from r.e.m.'s prior  recordings...very somber, very melancholy, quiet...but, with hope.  this  album has been with me through the best of times, and the worst...i listen  to songs like &quot;nightswimming&quot;, and &quot;find the  river&quot;---and can't help but, think of harder times in life, or even of  better days gone by...and all of the memories that i have of both.  this  album struck such a chord with me...and i'm not quite sure why...maybe  because i found it when i was having some harder times...and i know it  sounds corny, but, &quot;everybody hurts&quot; has saved me more than  once...just kinda helps you realize.  well, anyway, to make a long story  short...this album will, if you are a true listener, invoke many emotions,  perhaps tears in you as well.  well, 500 c.d.'s and seven years  later...this album remains my favorite...buy it...you won't regret  it...it's very rare for any artist to put out anything that will truly make  a lasting impression on the listener...or to just plain put anything out  this good...in every aspect...lyrically, musically...there is not one  sub-par song on this album.  enjoy!
0782008119|5.0|Being the hard core grunge fan that I am I absolutley love this video.  It  helped me gain more knowledge of some of my favorite bands.  I've always  been intrested in the seattle music scene and this was just a tool to help  me learn more.  If you like this check out &quot;the sound and the  fury&quot; a good book on the seattle music scene.
0380002930|5.0|This book is amazing, you could read it for hours, and it takes rabbits to  a whole nother level. 481 pages just isn't enough in this book, and has  quickly become my personal favorite. I don't understand how anyone could  dislike this book. If you don't buy this book, you will deffinatly be  missing out. This is one of the best books I have ever read.
0684874350|1.0|The breadth of margin between lucre and nobility is the true test of  integrity.<br />I abhor the trivialization of poverty and ignorance.  There is  no shame in being ignorant or poor, but it is no great honor either!<br />Mr.  McCourt trivializes his dysfunctional childhood, buffering it with satire  in what one might say is nothing less than adolescent giddiness.  I don't  doubt Mr. McCourt's recall prowess. What I question is his motivation for  writing this book.  For the time it was published, its genre was quite  fashionable.<br />With regard to his writing technique, I found his turn of  phrase trickery - repetitive and gnawing.<br />I trust Mr. McCourt wrote this  book as he saw it, however, his subjective, defensive - albeit descriptive  - representation  is simply nothing more or less than pathetic  catharsis.<br />If one wants literature, read &quot;The Hours, by Michael  Cunningham&quot; and see what award-winning writing should be about!<br />The  only thing I possibly have gained from purchasing this book is that my  first edition may be of value someday. In this way, Mr. McCourt and I have  had a successful venture... but it's not all about money.   Now, is it...?
B00004TWZG|1.0|Total bummer about the sound.  Columbia has fixed the problem and will be  reissuing the disc on September 25th.  AMAZON should make note of this on  the order page and let us know how to exchange them.
6305718954|5.0|I loved this movie. Arquette has the perfect face for an actress:  expressive and intelligent without being hollywoodean. She uses her face  and gaze as a precision knife. Great body too. I suppose I am a fan.<br />The  movie is about the mysterious in our life. Stigmata (the wounds of Christ  inflicted on very spiritual persons) must be one of the more colorful  elements of Christian mythology, and it is fascinating to see them realized  within the modern world. Our heroine, Frankie, gets the wounds even though  she is unreligious and quite earthly - but she is honest. How does an  honest person react to the sacred, to the otherworldly, to a mysterious and  overwhelming visit by God? Think of it. It is just a very interesting idea  and this movie makes it justice.<br />There are two other themes in the story:  a scientist priest who falls out of love with the church and into love with  Frankie, and a (quite fictitious) gospel of Christ and the Vatican's  efforts to suppress it. There is also a demonic thread in the story which I  personally found off-key. All of these themes are joined into a well  crafted movie with intelligent use of color, music and Christian symbols  aplenty (streams of water, drops of blood, pigeons, fire). I found the  movie to be immensely viewable.<br />The DVD includes the director's  commentaries, a very worthwhile addition.
6304578458|4.0|Comedies of any sort generally have a short half-life with me. Once you've  seen the gags, they don't usually bear repeated viewings. So, when I find  one of those rare comedies that's still watchable and enjoyable after the  third or fourth time I see it, I know it's a keeper.<br />And Grosse Pointe  Blank is definitely a keeper. Black comedy with some verve is very, very  hard to do well, but here the hard thing to do is find a flaw. The  characters are interesting and don't act in predictable ways. The casting  is right on (I even liked Minnie Driver in this and I usually don't much  care for her). Everyone plays their role with just the right level of  intensity - it would have been very easy to overdo this (Dan Ackroyd,  especially, could have gone totally overboard but instead he plays a very  disturbed person just so, and we end up believing him; in less talented  hands, that character would have been a mess). In fact, if anything the  cast errs on the side of downplaying the oddness they're all swimming in (a  must for a good black comedy).<br />I rarely buy new tapes. I just know I  won't want to watch them enough to justify the expense. Not so Grosse  Pointe Blank. Don't dither, buy. This movie is great!
078322608X|5.0|I have always been a science fiction fan. From the original Star Trek down  to the latest issue of The Incredible Hulk, I know it all like the back of  my hand. 12 Monkeys is waaaaaaay up there on my list of favorite sci-fi  tales, nay, favorite movies ever made (it currently resides at #10 on my  list). It tells the tale of a confused Jesus figure (Bruce Willis) who is  sent back in time to collect a pure sample of a plague that nearly wiped  out humanity. With astonishing performances from Willis, Brad Pitt,  Madeline Stowe, and Christopher Plummer, along with the wonderful direction  of former Python Terry Gilliam, 12 Monkeys is a must have. Buy it. Buy it  now.
B00003CXGG|4.0|There was something about the previews of this film that failed to engage  me. I'm not sure what, but I wasn't attracted to seeing it - and ordinarily  I'd have been to a movie like this on opening weekend. So, when my friend  &amp; I rented it on DVD, I had low expectations.<br />Boy, was I surprised.  This movie is awesome! It's got it's share of the de rigeur action-movie  sequences, but one thing I particularly liked was that this is not all that  typical. Several conventions are blessedly ignored (I won't say which, for  fear of giving things away but I will say that this flick follows more in  the footsteps of The Replacement Killers than your more usual action-fare).  The plot is derivative, but they acknowledge as much in the title, so  that's okay. What they do with the Bard's work (often derivative itself) is  a joy to behold. The characters are worth investing in a little and the  good bits are handed out pretty fairly - a date might even like this one,  since they've definitely followed the laudable recent trend of letting the  women in action movies have some backbone, too (IOW, Aaliyah's character is  a terrific example of a strong woman in a traditionally masculine arena).  The comedic touches are lightly handled and not too prone to the kind of  strained one-liners that infect so much of the genre. The fight sequences  themselves require a larger-than-average degree of suspension of disbelief,  but I doubt anyone would mind - they're often mind-blowing.<br />A comment on  the DVD itself is in order: the sound is straight out of the theatre.  That's great if you have a good surround sound system, but the system we  watched it on did not. That led to numerous fumblings with the remote to  turn the sound up for dialogue then back down for music or particularly  loud effects. Most of the dialogue is shunted to the center channel, so  you'll be backing up to hear things right after a loud sequence unless  you've got the right system (or you're not worried about bothering the  neighbors during the louder parts). Otherwise, the DVD is a beaut. Several  extras, including the original trailer that somehow falied to inspire me,  some nifty behind-the-scenes stuff and two videos.<br />All in all, an  excellent choice.about bothering the  neighbors during the louder parts). Otherwise, the DVD is a beaut. Several  extras, including the original trailer that somehow falied to inspire me,  some nifty behind-the-scenes stuff and two videos.<br />All in all, an  excellent choice.
078322608X|5.0|I have always been a science fiction fan. From the original Star Trek down  to the latest issue of The Incredible Hulk, I know it all like the back of  my hand. 12 Monkeys is waaaaaaay up there on my list of favorite sci-fi  tales, nay, favorite movies ever made (it currently resides at #10 on my  list). It tells the tale of a confused Jesus figure (Bruce Willis) who is  sent back in time to collect a pure sample of a plague that nearly wiped  out humanity. With astonishing performances from Willis, Brad Pitt,  Madeline Stowe, and Christopher Plummer, along with the wonderful direction  of former Python Terry Gilliam, 12 Monkeys is a must have. Buy it. Buy it  now.
0446677450|1.0|Even by the low standards of pop business tomes, this book is pretty poor. Kiyosaki, with co-\\"writer\\" Sharon Lechter, affects a breezy and remarkably unsophisticated manner as he throws out pronouncements on personal and business financial goings-on.    An interesting contrast to Kiyosaki's book is Andrew Tobias' \\"The Only Investment Guide You'll Ever Need.\\" Tobias -- who (unlike Kiyosaki) can actually write -- also affects a casual manner. But whereas Kiyosaki comes off as merely callow, Tobias' tone is intended to lighten and have fun with his sound and tough-minded advice.    Though an amiable book and not without the occasional sound nugget of advice (e.g., curtail spending on worthless gizmos), \\"Rich Dad, Poor Dad\\" offers little in the way of help for us everyday folks. A big focus is Kiyosaki's own alleged success in real estate investing, a notoriously risky field even for seasoned investors, and one he passes off as a cinch.    Annoyingly, Kiyosaki refers throughout the book to his own father as \\"poor dad\\" and to a childhood friend's father (and surrogate father to Kiyosaki) as \\"rich dad.\\" \\"Rich dad\\" is honored for his bland and meaningless pronouncements as a Yoda-like fountain of wisdom.    Meantime, Kiyosaki's animus toward his financially underperforming father always lurks, making \\"poor dad\\" (clearly contrary to Kiyosaki's intent) a sympathetic figure. In any event, both \\"dads\\" are underdrawn and the book itself is undercooked, its advice unrefined and at times obvious.    It's hard to see what Lechter, a CPA, adds. Wouldn't Kiyosaki have been better off with a ghostwriter who can actually write? The book feels as though no professional editor even read it, much less took a pen to it.    Throughout, Kiyosaki's leaden tone and nonexistent wit are displayed, permitting statements like the following without a hint of irony: \\"The problem I sense today is that there are millions of people who feel guilty about their greed\\" (pg. 158) and \\"Don't listen to pooror frightened people\\" (pg. 170).    At one point, Kiyosaki even tells a professional reporter, \\"I am a terrible writer\\" (pg. 132). Yup.
6304696566|3.0|The key word here is &quot;Overrated&quot;. This film appears to be the  victim of heavy editing, as if Ford intended to tell a larger story, but  was constrained by producers to limit the film to two hours. We never learn  through word, expression or act why Ethan's attitude towards Indians  changes. For that matter, we never learn anything about Ethan's inner  feelings or motivations. Why does he leave at the end? It appears to be  nothing more than a sentimental indulgence in the &quot;Lonely Hero&quot;  myth. The fight scenes went beyond unrealistic, all the way to comic strip  silliness. The photography is excellent. Even allowing for the differences  in attitudes and expectations for verisimilitude, this movie is only a 3.
B000002NHN|5.0|I bought this album for the same reason a lot of other people did: because  I heard &quot;Mummer's Dance&quot; and figured the rest of the album had to  be as good. Lucky for me I was right. The whole album displays a rich  tapestry of musical influences that combine to create songs that have more  than great lyrics and instrumentals, they have great atmosphere.   &quot;Mummer's Dance&quot; is of course great, &quot;The Highwayman&quot;  is probably my favorite of the whole album, just because of how the music  lends to the poem being told. Like most of the songs on the album, its a  real &quot;light some candles and brun some incense&quot; kind a song.    The most surprising part of the whole cd however,is that the quality of  this album comes through even to those who do not follow celtic music. Buy  it!
0783246641|5.0|I have waited a long time to see this movie and I was worried about  getting disappointed. But I shouldnt have been worried, Mary Herron  created a masterpiece with this movie, and this movie captured a lot of the  fascination of the book. So if you liked the book, you will like the book,  but if you liked the book but thought it was too detailed in explaining  Batemans acts of violence, then youre gonna LOVE the movie. Because Mary  Herron tries to scare you by what you not see. The movie shows mostly the  bitter black humor of the book, and the actors are brilliant. Christian  Bale is at his best, he plays with such a credibility that youre are kinda  worried about a possible dark side in the actors life.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Is a good Cd and very powerfull. You hear this Cd and you remember the old  Iron Maiden group!!!  The voice of Bruce Dickinson is still the same of the  80s. Many heavy metal bands change the metal music but Iron Maiden NOT!!!  If you can buy this Cd do it now and UP THE IRONS!!!!!!
B000002HPT|5.0|This is Dream Theater's best album, one that non-DT fans could like, but  also one that big DT fans might spurn. This truly is a move towards AOR by  Dream Theater-and in a lot of ways I consider that a good thing. Songs like  &quot;You Not Me&quot;, &quot;Burning My Soul&quot;, and &quot;Hollow  Years&quot; are some of their strongest songs yet, and they are tighter and  more accessible than any of the bands previous work.     Why I like this  album so much however, is because the album allows itself to have it both  ways. There are still the 10 minute epics like &quot;Lines in the  Sand&quot; and &quot;Peruvian Skies&quot;, but they are blended into a  consistent whole that makes this album one for more than just those  enamored with DT's technical, rather than songwriting abilities. This is an  album that the non-musician can enjoy for the music, rather than simply the  complex and unusual time signatures (which are still here in many places).  Quite simply, this is the definite album for a new Dream Theater album to  buy, and one that should be judged more objectively by those out there that  want only technical proficiency on their DT albums, rather than soul.
B00000G3Q4|5.0|This movie is the best of the horror classics.  The camera work and artistic quality of this film bring out the primal instinct of fear in  everyone.  This is one of those movies you can watch over and over and over  and find something new each time.  WATCH THIS!
B000002JKA|5.0|This is Dream Theater's second best album after FALLING INTO INFINITY.  While IMAGES AND WORDS features &quot;Pull Me Under&quot; and &quot;Take  the Time&quot; two of the band's best songs, AWAKE is much more consistent  and tuneful as a whole, with &quot;Lie&quot;, &quot;Caught in a Web&quot;,  and &quot;Mirror&quot;.       This album, much more than IMAGES AND WORDS,  is accessible to a crowd outside of those that care more about the bands  technical prowess than the quality of the songs. In general, Dream Theater  has more soul and better written songs than almost all of their peers (with  Queensryche being the only possible exception), but this music does take a  lot more patience than more conventional rock bands like Metallica or  Megadeth. However, if you want a little more meaning in your rock music,  give these guys a try, it's worth it.
B000002INR|5.0|This album belongs in the collection of any 80's hard rock fan (chiefly  any that like BON JOVI, CINDERELLA, WHITE LION, or any of their peers).  While I like this album a great deal, I've always thought of it as a  collection of several great singles rather than a wholly consistent album.       Still, those singles are great: &quot;18 and Life&quot;, &quot;I  Remember You&quot;, and &quot;Youth Gone Wild&quot; defined 80's hard rock.  If you are a fan of this kind of music, I can't imagine not having a song  like &quot;18 and Life&quot; in your collection.     I should add, however,  that this album is far from consistent, and all the highlights can really  be found on Skid Row's FORTY SEASON'S greatest hits album. While this album  does have Skid Row's big hits, it's also their weakest overall (SLAVE TO  THE GRIND, and especially their amazing swan song SUBHUMAN RACE are  essential albums). Anyways, it's safe to say that if you're a fan of 80's  hard rock, you'll enjoy this album, and there are songs here that could  bring a smile to even the most jaded JAY-Z loving face.
B00003CXFG|5.0|Please, please, please, do not compare this movie to 'Starship Troopers.'  Starship 'Droopers' was geared toward the pubescent teenager; it had a  comic book appeal with poor acting and an unbelievable plot.  Pitch Black  is a milestone in Science Fiction film-making.  Not because of the  acting...because, let's be honest, the acting wasn't that good...but  because of the way it was filmed.  The different colors and sounds that  would truly be evident on a foreign planet, the thinning air, the different  biologies of the creatures, all make this story believable.  It reminds me  of when 2001 first came out and people were saying &quot;what the...&quot;  about it.  I do fear, however, that something will be lost when those of  you out there watch it on DVD or VHS.  On the big screen it was highly  impressive.  On a smaller screen, I fear that much will be lost to the  senses.  This is definitely a movie of the senses.
B000002J3W|5.0|This album went almost totally unnoticed and unappreciated when it was  released, which was not surprising considering the period. However, Skid  Row's swansong is a much more mature and focused record than anything else  they have ever producing. Moving past the hair metal posings of their debut  record, and the inconsistency of their second, this album puts the band on  a pedestal comparable (as surprising as this may sound), to Guns N Roses.  Yes, that may sound strange, but songs like &quot;My Enemy&quot;,  &quot;Firesign&quot; and &quot;Into Another&quot; are that good. I was a  decent Skid Row fan until this album came out, but this one made me a huge  fan. All fans of great Hard Rock/Metal out there: Here's a great one you  would never expect!
B000002C4J|5.0|I think this cd is pretty good.  It is better than &quot;Falling into  you&quot; yet not quite as great as &quot;All the Way: A decade of  songs&quot;.  It is still quite relaxing, (as all Celine cd's are)and had a  great variety of beats.  I like the slower songs myself, they seem to calm  people down more than the fast beated songs.  Of course this cd has the  &quot;Titanic&quot; theme song on it, which the radio stations around the  globe repeated every five minutes.  This is definately a cd that should be  added to everyone's Celine Dion cd collection.  HOO-YAH!!!!  Thank a war  vet.
6305897786|4.0|First, sorry for the mistakes; I usually speak french.<br />I heard a lot  about this movie before I decided to rent it. Mostly &quot;It doesn't make  any sense&quot;, &quot;They don't explain anything&quot; and &quot;Worst  ending ever&quot;. <br />While it's true that you know very little about  what's happening and why it's happening, it's a definite plus and it got me  hooked very quickly. I really HATE movies where the main characters explain  every little detail in some cheap dialog designed to protect the viewers  from having to THINK. This movie doesn't treat you like you were dumb,  unlike most. In addition, the ending isn't grossly predictable, a flaw that  is all too common.<br />Ah, yes, the so-called &quot;worst ending ever&quot;.  Of course to someone who's just sitting there waiting for everything to be  explained or for a big, spectacular ending with a major event where  everything blows up and the main character barely escapes death, it will be  very dissapointing. Nothing is explained. And in this case, the purpose of  the movie's ending is to &quot;end&quot; the movie. Unbelievable, huh?  <br />Small note: the general atmosphere of the movie is very special, and I  liked it very much. A nice change from the usual.<br />Finally, I think that  the actors did a pretty good job. Nothing out of the ordinary, but above  average. In particular, I don't understand why people keep saying that  Emmanuelle Seigner did a terrible job. Maybe it's because she is Polanski's  wife. &quot;If she's the director's wife, she can't be a good actress,  right?&quot; Well, I think her acting is perfectly appropriate for her  character, which is, in my opinion, the most interesting in the whole  movie; the unnamed, mysterious woman whose true nature remains unknown.<br />I  am always reluctant to give something a 5-star review, and so I will give  this movie 4 stars. It might not be the kind of movie YOU like, but I think  it is well worth it to see it for yourself instead of listening to other  people's critics. I am very glad I did, and I am seriously thinking about  buying it.
B000002BHE|5.0|I used to always listen to this cd before I went to sleep and as I slept,  until I got the latest Celine cd.  I decided I wanted this cd when I was  woke up by &quot;It's all coming back to me now&quot; playing on the radio  in 96'.  It was the middle of the night and the first time I had heard the  song, and I loved it.  I got the cd and listened to it every night for over  two years.  I guess that tells you how great I think this cd is.  It is  very great.  I recommend this cd if you do not all ready have it.  For  $8.99 it is most definately worth it.  HOO-YAH!!!!  Thank a war vet.
B000002U8G|4.0|Having read many reviews about this CD recently, I was slightly  disappointed when I bought it just a few days ago.  But, let me tell you:  if it's raining outside and you're just relaxing, then I wouldn't recommend  any other album over Meddle.  Overall, Meddle is a little more boring than  Dark Side and very quiet, and the tunes aren't exactly the kind you'd hum  in the shower (except maybe for Echoes).  Here's my song-by-song analysis:  1. One of These Days - A bright, energetic spot on an otherwise dull first  side of the album.  This is a great instrumental piece, and great music for  jogging, if you put in on repeat several times.  The beat and energy is  very similar to another Pink Floyd song, Sheep (found on Animals), which  I'm also quite fond of. Rating: 4.5 (out of 5). 2. A Pillow of Winds - the  best song on this album to listen to when it's raining, since it's about  the coziness of home and bad weather and such.  But, once again, not very  entertaining otherwise. Rating: 3.5 3. Fearless - some people say this song  has a great melody, but I don't quite see it.  I think the vocals here are  too soft compared to the drums, although the calm vocals and obstinate,  determined lyrics match quite nicely.  Rating: 3.5 4. San Tropez - this is  actually a nice surprise - a &quot;tropical paradise&quot; song.  It has a  good, catchy tune, but still very quiet.  Rating: 4 5. Seamus - Weird song  which can be disregarded since it's only 2 minutes long, while the backing  vocals are provided by a fairly talented dog.  Rating: 2 6. Echoes -  Instantly one of the best Pink Floyd songs, as soon as you hear it for the  first time.  So far, I've only listened to it four or five times, and I'm  sure it'll grow on me.  However, I still think that Time and Shine On You  Crazy Diamond (parts 1-5) are better because they sound more, shall I say,  assertive.  I think the difference is that Gilmour's guitar is featured  more prominently in those 2 songs.  But, to its credit,Echoes is far from  a drag and doesn't seem like it's 23 minutes long.  In short, this is  probably the closest that I've heard rock-'n-roll resemble good classical  music, except using guitars and keyboards and other layered sounds instead  of orchestral instruments.  Rating: 5
B00001NFCY|5.0|This cd does not have one song on it that I do not like.  If you like  &quot;Higher&quot; and &quot;Arms wide open&quot; then you will like this  whole cd.  The words have meaning, they make sense, and they are poetic.   The bass on this cd is awesome.  The musical beat is near perfect along  with such great words, make a near perfect cd.  They are not a christian  band as most people believe.  Look up their official web site and you  should find the interview of them which says they are not a christian band.   Yet there is nothing wrong with this cd.  No cursing at all.  HOO-YAH!!!!   Thank a war vet.
630575067X|5.0|A maximum of 5 stars... You gotta be kiddin me. I would rate this as 99999  repeated%. In other words, the best possible anything. From diverse plot to  the surprise ending to even the wonderful actors, this movie beats all that  is possible. Ewan McGregor and Liam Neeson make stnning performances, as  well as Ray Park and Natalie Portman. All the other actors did great too. I  won't give away the surprise ending, but it had me in tears. I also liked  the surprise identity thing too, although I knew from the moment the chage  occured that something was amiss. <br />    The saga really begins with a  blockade on the peacful planet of Naboo.  Jeid ambassadors Qui-Gon Jinn and  apprentice Obi-Wan Kenobi venture undercover to negotiate with the evil  nemodians of the Trade Fedaration.  They find much ammiss, and barely  escape with their lives.  They venture to meet a wily Gungan name d Jar Jar  binks on the surface.  Being a swamp dweller, Jar Jar can take them to  safety in the underwater cities.  The trio makes it to Naboo in time to  rescue the queen and escape.  Forced to make an emegency landing for parts  on the remote planet of Tattooine, Qui-Gon discovers Aniken Skywalker, a  nine year old boy with emence powers in the force.  He is, however,  untrained.  This is just a glimpse of the begining of the Saga we all like  to call Star Wars.
B000031XCR|2.0|The girls seem to like her music though.
B00004T9UF|5.0|I have to admit I have always been a fan of hip hop but this just blew me  away!  The Marshall Mathers LP is probably the best CD ever made!!!  The  way he puts his lyrics together to form coherent stories is just awesome!!   He's not just re-recording what all the other rappers rap about: money,  women, bling-blingin'...he has real stories that people can relate to!   Please, this is not a waste of your fifteen dollars, but the Marshall  Mathers LP!!!!
0780626966|5.0|I NEED HELP ANYONE OUT THERE WHO BEAT THE 8TH DISC CAN YOU HELP ME WITH A  WALKTHOUGH PLEASE NEED HELP BAD. THANKS EMAIL FREDDY_49002@YAHOO.COM
6301174240|5.0|I'm such a huge Michael fan, I love everything he does. Moonwalker is so  good, I loved every minute of it, I have watched it so many times. I Cannot  wait until his new movie comes out next year, He's going to be portraying  Edgar Allen Poe. Believe me I'll be the first in line to watch it. Michael  is a genius, there is no other male singer that can come close to Michael.  He is the true King. I'll always be a Michael Jackson Fan, I'm not ashamed  to say that.
6305810109|5.0|Excelant condition, and received it quickly...Thank You
B00004TRD8|5.0|Okay, I wanted to get the original edition on Amazon, and then I saw this  Ultimate Edition. I didn't know there was a difference, so I checked it out  and what I saw made me wish it came out sooner! I got the DVD the day it  came out and then I played it all night long! I played the Theatrical  Version, then I played the Special Edition, and then I checked out all the  biographies of Arnold, Linda, Eddie, Robert, and James Cameron. I then  thought I was cheated but I first flipped the other side and I got all the  other great features. So many great features you need both sides. I checked  out the Trialers and Teasers, the Documentries, the supplementary features,  the story boards, and I read some fo the script, which is a great addition.  I then read the booklet over and over. And after seeing the Special  Eddition, this is now my favorite movie!!!!
B000021XR5|5.0|Their talent is unmeasurable. It is true that this album is not as  radio-friendly and possible singles aren't as immediately identifiable as  some of their previous work. For example, I'm sure the guys at Atlantic  were fantasizing about millions and millions of dollars upon hearing the  first five seconds of &quot;Plush&quot; demo. I went through the whole CD  in five minutes, flipping to the next tune and finding nothing to keep me  there. I started off liking only &quot;Down.&quot; So one fateful day I was  at the computer and slightly distracted, I forgot to turn off the CD after  Down was over. When I got to &quot;Church on Tuesday&quot; half-way through  it I realized what a great song it was. I kept listening to every song all  the way through, and the album got increasingly better. The realization of  how masterful this album truly is, was a slow one. This is some of the best  stuff they've ever done. Scott Weiland's voice has such an amazing  variability, it is unreal. His voice is a cameleon which matches itself  with the mood of the music. Possibly one of their best songs ever is  &quot;I Got You,&quot; not only because of how agreeable it is to the ear,  but because this is true sensitivity; real emotion. It's true Stone Temple  Pilots are starting again almost completely from scratch. This album is  surely excellent enough to regain the faith of old fans who want MORE. Can  I, uh, fast forward a year or so and hear their fifth album? I can't wait  that long. Oh well I think their gonna have a Doors tribute album some time  soon, so that'll be my next.
B00003CXBK|5.0|yeah, i rented this movie yesterday and i've seen it 3 times so far. this is by far the best anime movie i've seen to date.  actually, this is the  best movie in general i've seen to date. the animation is ..well.....i  don't think there's a word for it, but WOW comes pretty close. Then there's  the plot/storyline, IT'S JUST SO FREAKIN GOOD, DAMNIT!  ok, i'm getting  too emotional, just watch it, it'll be worth your time, *sniff it's so  beautiful....YEAH!  oh cripes, i think i hurt something...
6305107122|5.0|Halloween was and still is the greatest horror movie ever. John Carpenter  did a brilliant job executing(heh heh) this masterpiece.<br />While I love the  Limited Edition version I found a couple of minor things about this version  I didn't like. I didn't like the scratchy loud music in the sudden shock  scenes. Also I wouldn't have made it widescreen because I prefer fullscreen  and I thought the fullscreen view was a lot better. But I loved the  Halloween: Unmasked segments, trailers and the TV scenes but I would have  put them in the movie.<br />If I were you I wouldn't miss this, but I don't  know how many are left.
0441172717|5.0|Complex, political story with an environmental theme...just enough action  and heroics to make you want to wade through the in-fighting and vague  mystical references.  The first, and by far, best of the Dune series.
B00000JPH5|5.0|Come on, when the worm asks you inside, you want to go in.  You know the  'missus' would be even cooler.  'Labyrinth' is an unsung classic for little  kids and big kids alike.  I never tire of this movie, and I've been hooked  since I was six.  I'm twenty.  At first, it was the Muppets and the  heroine, Sarah.  Then it was David Bowie as the Goblin King (ooh, I'll come  be your queen anytime.  Who wouldn't?).  Then it was the amazing art,  music, story, everything.  I can't get over this movie, and it's shocking  how much I see it's influenced my preferences to this day... Muppets,  fantasy, Brian Froud's art, Maurice Sendak (this is where the Wild Things  are), David Bowie...  If you've never seen it but have some little ones,  pick it up.  I promise you it'll last much longer than Pokemon.  A true  classic, and better than a lot of Disney movies (sorry, Walt).  One of the  best things George Lucas has attatched his name to.  There are no annoying  sidekicks!  You'll always find something new to exclaim over.  One of my  top three of all time.
B000035Z1Z|4.0|Leonard Maltin is flat-out wrong to call this a \\"charmless contrivance\\".   Kline and Ryan have appeal to spare, easily managing to conjure up  chemistry against the backdrop of sumptuous France.  Though the setup may  seem implausible to the untraveled, it's actually not all that farfetched.   Coincidence is more obvious when you're traveling, if only because you  don't have the blandness of ordinary living to block your sight.   FRENCH  KISS merely highlights the possibilities of such coincidence.  It certainly  doesn't wallow in \\"contrivance\\" any more than, say, CASABLANCA, whose  entire storyline depends upon the unlikeliness of a drifter becoming a bar  owner in a backwater part of the world so that his former lover (in town  for a refugee convention) could happen to get thirsty.  I'm not saying  FRENCH KISS is as good as CASABLANCA, of course--merely that coincidence is  indeed possible, and that at least the coincidences here are of a smaller  order.<br />If anything's wrong with the movie it's that it follows Ryan's  standard 90's comedy formula.  Ryan starts with a fiancee who's as likely  to marry her as a security guard is to survive an episode of STAR TREK.   She eventually dumps him, ostensibly so she can be on her own and figure  herself out, but really so that she can make it with the guy who gets top  billing.  Some confusion ensues about the guy's identity and/or innate  value, and, after that's all sorted out, the credits roll.  It's not a bad  formula.  It really IS engaging and likeable.  But it's still a formula.   FRENCH KISS is no different, really, from SLEEPLESS IN SEATTLE or YOU'VE  GOT MAIL.    Except...there's Kevin Kline.  For my money, Kline, or at  least his character, is a much better foil for Ryan than Tom Hanks.   He  comes much closer to being the kind of complicated, combative, difficult  man that Billy Crystal gave us in WHEN HARRY MET SALLY.  There might be  cause to take exception to his accent, as has been pointed out elsewhere,  but he's a more interesting character than Ryan has seen lately in a light  comedy.         <br />[DVD Notes: This DVD is sadly inadequate.  There's  really nothing on the thing aside from the movie and trailers.  It clearly  wouldn't have been so difficult to have assembled at least an audio  commentary.]
B000002LAB|1.0|After listening to the tracks Tutu and Full Nelson from the &quot;Miles  Davis: Live Around the World,&quot; I decided to buy the original album.  However, Tutu didn't meet any of my high expectations. It lacks talent,  originality, and imagination. In fact, it is the worst Miles Davis' album I  have ever heard!!
0804106304|5.0|This was the most wonderful touching book I've read in a long time.  I  expected it to be overly sentimental, melodramatic, and purposely out to  tug the heartstrings.  I was wrong on all counts.  The stories of the eight  women were incrediable and very real.  The strength of the women of the  older generations was very noble and amazing.  The ignorance of the  daughters on their mothers' true characters rang very true and was a little  too familiar.  The ending was perfect, a very fitting and moving ending to  such a terrific book.  Though it's not the fastest read everyone should sit  down one quiet evening or on a rainy day with it and atleast give it a try.
B00004TWZF|1.0|This is a textbook perfect example of the importance of editing and music  score in film as an art form. If this is Luc Bessards idea of what  &quot;Big Blue &quot; should look like, then it's time he left  hollywood...(especially after the &quot;Messenger&quot; fiasco!). Mr Samuel  Meyer, can we please have a 4.3 version of the original professionally  edited film, this time without the cheesy 'porn flik style score?...tell me  , would you rescore madam butterfly for the &quot;new generation&quot;??
B000003TA4|5.0|.......and &quot;Nevermind&quot; still sounds fresh. How? Nirvana were  just that damn good. Dave Grohl's drumming was not only powerful, but  lightning-speed fast (my personal pick for the greatest drummer ever).  Krist Novoselic's bass skills were amazing, melodic, furious, and catchy.  And Kurt Cobain, well, what can't you say about the guy? I can sit here and  say all these great (and true) things about Kurt, but I'll leave it at  this: there is a reason Kurt is a legend, and this was proven numerous  times before his unfortunate passing. All the classics are here, &quot;In  Bloom&quot;, &quot;Lithium&quot;, &quot;Come As You Are&quot; (my personal  favorite from the band), and, of course, &quot;Smells Like Teen  Spirit&quot;. But the album as a whole is amazing. &quot;Drain You&quot; is  one of the best Alternative songs ever made. &quot;Breed&quot;,  &quot;Territorial Pissings&quot;, and &quot;Stay Away&quot; are punk rock  perfection. &quot;Something In The Way&quot; is haunting (it's far superior  on their &quot;Unplugged In New York&quot; album), while &quot;Polly&quot;  is a glimpse of Cobain's &quot;softer&quot; side at it's best. Even the  worst ones here, &quot;Lounge Act&quot; and &quot;On A Plane&quot;, are  better than anything Creed will ever do (I guess that isn't saying much,  but you get the point, those two songs are still brilliant). Cobain was a  brilliant singer-songwriter, he could be filled with rage and self-doubt  one second (&quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit&quot; and &quot;Something In The  Way&quot;) and be funny the next (&quot;Breed&quot; and  &quot;Lithium&quot;). From lines like &quot;Here we are now, entertain  us&quot; to &quot;I'm so ugly, that's okay, 'cause so are you&quot;, not  many could even come close to the talent of Kurt Cobain. From start to  finish, Nirvana made one of those rare albums that manages to pull  everything out of the bare essentials (guitars, bass, drums) and make an  absolute classic out of it. Some of thesesongs sound better on the band's  live albums, and even &quot;In Utero&quot; was just as good as  &quot;Nevermind&quot; (despite what some say), and even those two albums  put together could not equal &quot;Unplugged In New York&quot;; but this  still stands as a landmark for not only rock, but music in general. It was  talent beyond anything mortal, that's for sure.
B00003CX95|5.0|I thought I was a macho man. I am not. Tears came into my eyes at the end  of this movie. No other film had ever done that before. I thought Mel  Gibson is in same category as Sly Stallone because of Lethal weapons. Man I  was wrong. Mel really is an actor with a huge A.  Everything in Braveheart  is marvelous. I mean EVERYTHING.  So... Loan it, buy it, steal it... Do  anything to get it.
B000000WCA|5.0|The Spice Girls have produced a brilliant album featuring the hit singles  'Wannabe,' 'Say You'll Be There,' '2 Become 1,' 'Mama,' and 'Who Do You  Think You Are.' &quot;Wannabe&quot; is their first single and a bouncy  Grrrl-Power song.  The voices come together great on this track.  &quot;Say  You'll Be There&quot; is another grrl-power anthem, with sexy lines from  Victoria and Geri to match. &quot;2 Become 1&quot; is definatley a safe sex  ballad and is very slow and sexy. &quot;Love Thing&quot; is a bouncy, fun  song and the teenyboppers'll love it. &quot;Last Time Lover&quot; is an  x-rated song with deep sultry vocals from Mel B and a great rap by Geri.   &quot;Mama&quot; is undoubtedly, the most thoughtful song o the album.  It  was obviously dedicated to their 'mums.' &quot;Who Do You Think You  Are&quot; is a disco-era upbeat power song with multitudes of GIRL POWER!   &quot;Something Kinda Funny' was the Spice Girls' demo song, and goes to  show how they got signed to Virgin.  &quot;Naked&quot; is another x-rated  sex song, with Mel B and Geri doing most vocals, Emma on the phone,  Victoria backups, and Mel C screaming. &quot;If U Can't Dance&quot; is an  upbeat hip-hop song with Mel B rapping and Geri rapping in Spanish.  This  song is my personal favorite on the album.  Over all, this album is a great  buy and you will love it to bits! :)
B000009ED0|1.0|This cd sucked. Mozart is better than this.
B000001Y42|2.0|I'm sorry if I'm offending Limp Bizkit fans, but there is no talent or  effort put into this CD at all. Many of the songs sound the same, and Fred  Durst is one of the worst vocalists I have ever heard. His screaming is  tired and repetative, along with his &quot;rapping&quot; skills. He always  whimpers instead of singing, and he is always either out of tune or coming  in at the wrong time. Wes Borland's guitar playing all sounds the same, and  the simple riffs give way to pathetic drumming by John Otto. He is one of  the worst drummers on the scene today, and I know of many, many underground  and unexperienced drummers who can drum better than him. He never seems to  try anything new with his set, always the same rythmns. DJ Lethal's  scratching is always the same; he has turntables and they should be used in  more than one way. Sam, the bassist, is the only band member that is  decent. He can actually play bass, has an explosive live talent, and is in  time with the rest of the band whereas the other instruments are all  slurred. The lyrics are all brainless, and they prove the utter stupidity  in the music. The sound quality is extremely poor, sounding like a demo  tape that's been played one too many times. The demo of Leech sounds  exactly like the rest of the CD, and I can't tell the difference really.  Indigo Flow is really stupid, and if they were going to do this song, they  should have forgotten liner notes. If you hate Limp Bizkit now and say  their old stuff is better, well you're wrong. They've always been bad, and  aren't worth checking out. The only song I like on here is Pollution (with  the intro.). Use your hard earned cash on something else.
B00004SCX6|4.0|I know a lot of people think Britney really sucks. And I have to say, she  doesn't write any of her own songs (well, one REALLY bad one) but this CD  is fun. She really is a good singer. Her vocal scale may not be up there  with Mariah Carey, but she really does have a beautiful voice. If you're  looking for a serious or really good CD, WHY ARE YOU HERE? Britney Spears  is not about that. She is about sex appeal and FUN music. And I admit- this  CD definately DOES have a few low points (like hmm... DEAR DIARY-the WORST  song in the world). But most CDS do! If you pay attention to the better  songs, like Oops and Lucky, this CD really is pretty good!
B00003CXGP|2.0|Not having read the book, I will take this film on its own merits.   \\"American Psycho\\" is a satirical horror film that had greater potential  than was realized.  Mary Harron's adaptation and direction seems to be the  problem.  Part of the story was a lampoon of the excessive materialism of  the 1980's, focusing particularly on the yuppie lifestyle.  That should  have served as the background for the character study.  However, Harron  pushed it to the foreground and exaggerated the portrayals of yuppie  superficiality and arrogance to the point where it became sophomoric.  She  then pounded on the point until it was threadbare.<br />The film would have  benefited from more development of Bateman's tortured inner self rather  than this obsession with his and his friends' way of life.  The story  presented an opportunity for a fresh approach to the horror genre.  Most  horror films are presented from the perspective of the victims, whereas  this story was from the killer's perspective.  In addition, since it was a  first person narrative, we had an opportunity to look inside the killer's  head.  Though some of that was done, too much of the introspection focused  on his thoughts about his lifestyle and not enough on his feelings about  the people he was killing or the acts themselves.<br />The acting by Bale was  excellent.  Though I didn't agree with Harron's vision of Bateman as the  poster child for yuppie conceit and tawdriness, Christian Bale played the  caricature to the hilt.  He was more pompous, supercilious and decadent  than your typical Roman Emperor.  The scene depicting his emotional  disintegration was terrifically done and very intense.<br />Overall, the way  the story was presented created an air of incredulity about all the  characters and their behavior which took the effectiveness out of the  psychological angle.  That left us with a mindless horror flick with only  mediocre effects.  Despite some excellent acting, I rated this film a 4/10.   A directorial hack job marred a good story concept.  Since it failed  miserably at the box office, the film's best hope is that it becomes a cult  classic in rental.  It is kitsch enough for that to be a distinct  possibility.
B00000F3TS|5.0|This is not a review.  I can't &quot;review&quot; this movie.  Seriously,  I love Goonies.  If you ever want to try and understand a generation of  kids, watch this movie.  It embodies the longing for adventure and combines  it with friendship to produce an entertaining movie that was, in a bizarre  way, a reachable dream.  These were normal kids with normal problems and  they go on a fun and exciting adventures and become heroes.  How can you  not like this movie?  Putting good and bad aside, it's just fun to watch.
B00002Z88D|2.0|the orchestration somehow doesnt fit together with the metal playing. you  think that u are hearing two different musics playing one song and who r  trying to sychronize themeselfs but they cant.<br />if u want to hear metal  with orchestra there is ONLY ONE album  and no other<br />RAGE- LINGUA  MORTIS<br />there the music is unique , the orchestration perfect, it sounds  like the orchestra was for many years playing with the band. if u once hear  the RAGE's album u throw METALLICA's one  away
B00000JCB2|1.0|PLEASE , PLEASE , AMAZON, FIND IT IN YOUR HEARTS TO LET THIS ONE REVIEW  MAKE IT PAST YOUR CENSORS. I HAVE HEARD,  AND WILL NEVER HEAR AGAIN,  THIS  CD.  THE MTV VIDEO OF THE LIMPS I SAW WAS SO BAD I NEARLY VOMITED.  I  FORCED MYSELF TO MAKE IT THROUGH  ALL OF BREAK STUFF ON THE RADIO AND I  NEARLY PULLED THE RADIO OUT OF THE CAR AND BROKE IT. THERE IS ZERO TALENT  HERE, FOLKS. I AM ONLY 28, NOT AN OLD FOGEY PURIST HOOKED ON  BILLY JOEL, I  CAN GET INTO SOME PRETTY ODD AND PRETTY HEAVY MUSIC, AND AM A SELF TAUGHT  DRUMMER. LIMP BIZKIT AND THEIR CRONY BAND BUDDIES HAVE LESS TALENT THAN THE  WORSE LOCAL BAR BAND PLAYING DRUNK, ON A BAD NIGHT, OUT OF TUNE, WITH A  SOUND MIXER WHO WAS TOO BUSY DRINKING BEER TO CARE. I WOULD RATHER LISTEN  TO NEW KIDS ON THE BLOCK THAN HAVE TO LISTEN TO LIMP BIZKIT. THIS IS ONE OF  THE WORSE BANDS EVER, INCLUDING BARRY MANILOW, N THE SINK, COLOR ME BADD ,  AND ALL DISCO. I HAVE HEARD SHOES TOSSING AROUND IN THE DRYER THAT SOUNDED  MORE MUSICAL THAN THIS. ATROCIOUS IS ABOUT THE BEST WORD I CAN MUSTER THAT  IS NOT ILLEGAL HERE. BY THE WAY , THE RECORD PLAYER IS NOT A MUSICAL  INSTRUMENT. AS THIS BAND HAS NO MUSICIANS IN IT, THEY MUST RESORT TO  SAMPLING AND  SCRATCHING RECORDS TO AUGMENT THEIR  TERRIBLE   DIGITALLY-EDITED PLAYING BECAUSE THEY COULDN'T CARRY A TUNE IN A BUCKET,  MUCH LESS CREATE A  SONG WITHOUT AID OF A MACHINE. THEY HAVE LEARNED THAT  BY TURNING ALL THE KNOBS TO 11 , ALL THE MISTAKES WILL JUST BY ABSORBED BY  THE N O I S E, AND MAYBE PEOPLE WON'T LAUGH AT THEM. BUT HEARING THIS TRASH  EVERY NOW AND THEN MAKES ALL THE GOOD BANDS SOUND UNBELIEVABLE. .  BLACK  SABBATH NEVER SOUNDED SO GOOD!!!
B00002Z88D|3.0|when u have listen to the album of RAGE &quot;Lingua Mortis&quot; u cannot  give more than 3 stars to this album.<br />many saying that metallica are the  pioneers in this style of music( metal&amp; orchestra) but i think that  rage's album was the first and much more perfect in sound and in the whole  mixing of metal and orchestra
6305754950|5.0|This film is my favorite Hawks movie, the one I enjoy the most.  It does  necessary means it's his most IMPORTANT in term of film history, (HIS GIRL  FRIDAY and RED RIVER should be considered his highest achievement, in that  sense); many would just say it's a remake of RIO BRAVO, one of his most  popular film. <br />But I actually enjoy EL DORADO more than RIO BRAVO because  of its playfulness. It is perhaps not the story itself is interesting, but  the way Hawks tells it and Wayne and Mitchum (two of my favorite  super-heroes, I must say) acting it. They fill the movie with a lot of  humor; not only the comic relief James Caan and Arthur Hunnicut who are  funny, but Wayne and Mitchum may get even more laugh than these  two.<br />There's nothing fancy about Hawks's direction in this film, but  everything is done so natural, casual and indeed perfect, which is, I  think, only a great master of this trade can achieve.<br />EL DORADO has  actually more dramatic element than RIO BRAVO, and these dramas are  actually far more carefully constructed to make the story more interesting  than in RIO BRAVO. For instance, Wayne's and Mitchum's camaraderie is  colored with a tint of old age: not only that Mitchum is a drunk alcoholic  (as Dean Martin in RIO BRAVO) but Wayne also becomes crippled. The  motivation of revenge gives the strength to this basically entertaining  plot. And these dramatic darker themes do not interfere with the enjoyment  of the story, which is amazing with Hawks, but rather reinforce the  excitement of it.<br />The new transfer is quite brilliant. It captures the  richness and depth of the original  IB-Technicolor print.  If you have  already seen the VHS edition, panned-and-scanned and with shallow colors,  you haven't really seen this film. With this DVD, you can enjoy the  masterful direction of Hawks, the beautiful score by Nelson Riddle (I think  the song is very good), and the harmony of performances of those incredible  actors who can become those characters just by being in front of camera  repeatedly. It's really one of the most enjoyable, entertaining movie ever  coming out from Hollywood.
6305128952|4.0|Why did the price on the Horse Whisperer DVD go up recently?  It's a great  movie and I was set to buy it, but then you raised your price.  At this  price - plus shipping and handling - I might as well just buy it at the  store.  When you run a sale on this movie please let me know.  Thank you.
0140434143|3.0|Ok, Austen is a good writer, and her creation of some of the characters,  especially Mrs. Norris, is superb, but I must say I found Fanny totally  unrealistic and therefore unrewarding. Austen's attempts to make Fanny seem  more human, for example through showing her jealousy of Mary Crawford, were  too few and far between and could not dispel the strong image of her, as an  unbelievable, pathetic creature, given at the beginning of the novel.<br />The  story is slow to progress and I was not satisfied with the out-come at all.  Is everyone completely blind to the fact that Edmund is Fanny's cousin? I  gave it such a generous mark because of the expert way Austen manipulates  her words.
6305128952|4.0|Why did the price on the Horse Whisperer DVD go up recently?  It's a great  movie and I was set to buy it, but then you raised your price.  At this  price - plus shipping and handling - I might as well just buy it at the  store.  When you run a sale on this movie please let me know.  Thank you.
B00000DLVA|5.0|&quot;this is where your sanity gives in...&quot;; The Cardigans on the  masterful 'Gran Turismo' concocted a collection of eleven tracks that could  best be described as an album of sonic lullabys.  Singer Nina Persson's  sweet yet melancholy voice provides the perfect narration for the mixture  of hope, depression, fear, slef-reliance and love that is this album.   Never before had the Cardigans attempted to put so much raw emotion and  meaning into a release before; it is almost as if they woke up and realized  just what kind of music they were supposed to be playing all along.  Songs  such as &quot;Paralyzed&quot;, &quot;Erase/Rewind&quot;, &quot;Higher&quot;  and the album's best cut, &quot;My Favourite Game&quot; prove beyond a  shadow of a doubt that this group is nowhere near the status of Top 40  one-hit wonders.  Being a listener who couldn't stand this band before, I  gave the album a listen; to say that I was impressed by the songwriting and  performances shown on it would be a vast understatement.  This album is  good anytime:  Driving fast down the highway, partying with friends,  intimacy with a loved one, or as music to fall asleep listening to, 'Gran  Turismo' marks the creative apex in a band's history that otherwise  wouldn't have gotten the critical praise and respect it now so obviously  deserves.
B000002I25|5.0|Try to imagine a freaky 24 year old hippy with minimal musical  credentials, with his film school friends, releasing the #1 album of 1967,  which would become an alltime classic rock album to boot.  Well, it  happened when Jim Morrison, Ray Manzarak &amp; the Doors released the  summer of love classic debut album.  Killer songs include the psychadelic  anthem &quot;The End&quot;, the pop flavor &quot;Light My Fire&quot;, the  sexually charged &quot;Back Door Man&quot; and a 60s classic in &quot;Break  on Through&quot;.  This album truely changed my perspective on music.   (Before this album my favorite band was Cheap Trick....ugh!)  For a 24 year  old, unemployed poet, Jim Morrison certainly had a powerful influence on  me, and will likely on you as well.  Check it out man!
B0000009SY|3.0|Oh that guitar.<br />I am a committed Zappa fan. But not the type that thinks  that everything he has done after &quot;We're only in it for the  money&quot; is rubbish. Certainly I love that master piece, but I also  adore the &quot;horns era&quot; (Waka/Wazoo), the 70s lineup with Underwood  and Duke, and many of the recordings of &quot;the last touring band&quot;.  I am a Zappa allrounder who appreciates the classical music, the fusion,  the irony and the cheap humour (from the Groupie Routine to the Illinois  Enema Bandit) and, of course, the guitar. All this so that you will  understand my perspective in this comment.<br />Joe's Garage's first CD is  probably the most boring unimaginative and bland record that FZ has ever  made. It is difficult to imagine a greater waste of Ike Willis. The  brilliant band is underused and the songs have nothing of FZ's creativity  (musical or otherwise). It is plain boring. I was surprised that FZ could  produce something as bad as this.<br />I was about to give up in despair, but  knowing Frank I thought I'd try the second CD. The story and the lyrics are  still trash. But what a musical change and what guitar solos. Some of the  best you're likely to hear. Zoot Allures eat your heart out!<br />You have to  buy 2 CDs for 4 or 5 songs, but it is worth it. <br />As FZ said himself...  &quot;Shut up 'n play your guitar&quot;
0060977493|5.0|This book was absolutely fantastic.  As Roy's characters grew up so did  her writing.  I can't believe people who didn't like the book actually read  the whole thing.  I can't wait to read more of her work.
0140186395|4.0|Steinbeck parallels this story with the biblical &quot;fall of man.&quot;   This story comes from the murderous rivalry of Cain and Abel and the  banishment of the Garden of Eden.  The novel is described as the collapse  of two families, the Trasks and the Hamiltons.  I, however, see it  differently.  Although both families certainly experience bitter tragedies  in this novel I do not see the story ending with those tragedies.  The only  presence of biblical texts is in the analysis of the murder of Abel.  The  discovery revealed is that &quot;thall shall&quot; (must) or &quot;thall  will&quot; (it is inevitable), but that &quot;thou mayest,&quot; that the  only constraint laid upon us it that of permissability - no restraint at  all.  In essence this leaves the end result up to man.  Without debating  the inherent goodness of man one need only see the beauty in which  characters of this novel exist.  The end result is not unknown, only the  circumstances.  <br />Although a long read it is a great one.  Partially  because of the length of the book and partially because of its depth this  novel can be a very weary read.  I suggest reading it a bit at a time, and  allowing time in between reads to let the content filter into you. <br />Have  patience; you will be rewarded.
0385484518|5.0|Wow!  This book is a terrific quick read that everyone can enjoy.  Life is  looked at throuh an entirely new perspective when looked at through the  eyes of a man who has accepted that death may come at any time.  Societies  accepted views of life are turned upside-down by the new views of an old  man.  Being crippled by Lou Gherrigs disease Morrie, an ex-college  professor, shares his views on death, forgiveness, money, marriage, and  much more.  However this is much more than a book of the philosophy of  life.  You feel like you soon know Morrie as you watch him wither in your  mind.  Another great bonus is that the actual tape of Morrie's interview is  easily attainable for you to watch afterwards.  This is a book full of life  views that are the complete oppisite of today societies expectations which  makes this book a great hit.
0441172717|5.0|A book which unreservedly deserves 5 stars if there were 10 available I  would give it 10. Simply one of the greatest science fiction masterpieces  ever written, there are some others which rate a close second such as the  Foundation Trilogy by Asimov, The Galactic Millieu by Julian May or Enders  Game by Orson Scott Card but they try to live up to this epitome of the  classic. Not only a classic but one you must read rather than the usual  attuitude to classics which everyone knows about but doesn't read. The  superb story concerning Paul Atreides and his parents as well as the  various remarkable characters which inhabit this Galactic Empire such as  the Bene Gesserit or the Sardaukar which stand out in the same way as the  Fremen as incredibly tough, proud warriors which would make a marine look  to them in awe. The whole world created as well as the politics,  psychological intrigue and so on are incomparable, the excitement involved  with the warrior ethic imbued in young Paul, it just doesn't get any  better, intelligent, exciting story telling.
B00000J6AG|5.0|This is a truly edgy, hypnotic display of techno-trip-hop grooves backspun  into the eerie cosmos of sound and rhythm. Moby has a masterful gift for  song crafting and this is just pure math, formless and metaphysically  beautiful. In each turntable spin and moan, groan, wail, echo you can feel  the earth move in the world of imagination and soul. An enriching form of  melodic dreamscape. Like a neverending dream, you pray no one wakes you up  from. Moby entangles you in his universe, his extreme and patient universe  with the symphonies of solar systems. He's speaking the hymns of the  spirit, it's up to you to listen.
B00000DFTH|5.0|I can't beleive the comments saying that this album is an embarassment.The  CD ROCKS.Yes , Ozzys voice has lost that sharp keening quality somewhat,but  Ozzy is still Ozzy. Bills drums may have been overdubbed somewhat- I don't  know, and I don't particularly care.Almost every live album has some  overdubs, so there's no need to critisise it on that grounds. Give Bill a  break people, he had two minor heart attacks before this was recorded.The  real star of this album however is Iommi. I've never heard a live album  with so much menacing energy, all the more remarkable by the fact that  Iommi was nearing 50 when he recorded this.Some songs are inferior to the  studio takes, but others really take on a fresh identity on this album,  particilarly Electric Funeral and Behind the Wall Of Sleep. I am not a  fanatical Sabbath fan( although they are one of my favourites) but to give  this album anything below 4 stars shows some serious short sightedness.
B000002KIC|5.0|This wonderful 2CD set is worth it for the Danko's performance of &quot;It  Makes No Difference&quot;. Find a more passionate vocal performance on  record, I doubt you will be able to.<br />Check it out, but also check out the  other great cds from The Band
B00003CXA6|5.0|The film that led thousands to the reenacting hobby.  It's the best!
0812550757|2.0|Card states in the introductions to the recent editions of both  &quot;Ender's Game&quot; and &quot;Speaker for the Dead&quot; that Speaker  was not originally meant to be a sequal and that he only rewrote his short  story &quot;Ender's Game&quot; as a novel to set up the events of  &quot;Speaker.&quot;  This was very encouraging because the biggest problem  with sequels is that they are often forced:  Writer's often produce  pointless follow ups to cash in on a books success.  Ironically, in spite  of the fact that the idea of &quot;Speaker&quot; came independently of  &quot;Ender's,&quot; this book reads like a poor attempt cash in on the  success of &quot;Ender's Game&quot; and set up the story in  &quot;Xenocide&quot;, while offering very little the the reader  itself.<br />To be fair, Card is a very good writer and his talent shows  through often enough in individual scenes.  But the story as a whole and  many of the parts are unsatisfying.<br />The two biggest flaws are Cards  dependence upon the irrational actions of one of the books main characters,  Novinha, to set the story in motion and keep it heading in the right  direction, and the fact that much of the story centers around an unfolding  mystery that alert readers should have solved by the end of chapter  two.<br />The answer to the mystery is locked away in a file by Novinha  because she believes that this knowledge will lead to the deaths of whoever  knows it.  She even refuses to marry the man that she truly loves because  as her husband he would have access to files that she had sealed.  The book  offers no rational explination as to why Novinha feals the way she does,  and though she is a somewhat troubled character, their is no other  indication in the book that she is completely irrational or insane.  Making  her decision to seal these files inconsistant with her character.<br />But the  reader won't have to wait until the end when the files are opened to figure  out the incredible mystery thatlies within is because the mystery isn't so  hard to see and even if you can't figure it out immidiately (but you  probable will) Card drops loads of hints along the way--however their is a  small but interesting twist which isn't nearly as obvious as the bigger  mystery.<br />So people felt that Ender's Game had the same problem and that  the surprise at the end was no surprise.  I disagree, but I feel that if  you figured out the twist in &quot;Ender's&quot; in advance it stil  wouldn't ruin the story.  But &quot;Speaker&quot; depends to much on the  unfolding mystery aspect of the story and at times reads like an Agatha  Christie novel.  Which would be a good thing if Card hadn't spilled to  beans so early.  As it is this makes for a dull read.<br />However as usual,  Card's style is easy to read yet effective.  If you loved Ender's game and  want to read the sequel my advice is go ahead; it won't take very long and  their are some nice touches.  Aside from Novinha the character's are real  and easy to connect to.  I did not find the book to be either preachy or  full of moralizing as some have complained.  The book isn't a complete  wasn't of time for fans of the first book, but don't expect it to be in  anyway equal.  And if you've weren't blown away by &quot;Ender's Game&quot;  or have never read it then don't bother to read this one.
1567407757|5.0|This book touched me in many ways.  I was inspired by the spirit of Morrie  that was not destroyed by his terminal illness.  In a way it was more  evident because of the limits his illness had placed on him.   Through his  weekly teachings his old student saw how each moment of each day can be  special and satisfying on its own.  Even in the worst of times Morrie  was  happy to have time time to say good-by to the people in his life and to  forgive himself  and others, something he said really robbed one of many  hours of satisfaction and happiness.  He truly lived in each moment,  whether it be in pain or in joy in seeing the leaves turn color in the fall  or to share some time with people he loved.   I came away from reading the  book with new appreciation for my life and all the beauty and people in  it.<br />If you like this book I think you will love &quot;Working on Yourself  Doesn't Work&quot; by Ariel and Shya Kane.  It too tells about how truly  living in the moment can change your life.
0783246641|4.0|This film, based on the impenetrable 1991 novel by Bret Easton Ellis,  performs an act that perhaps has never been done before by any film based  on a book: it improves the story.<br />Not that there was a whole lot of story  to begin with: a Wall Street account manager goes to a lot of clubs and  parties, frets about restaurant reservations, delivers wry, condescending  political manifestoes to amuse his friends, catalogues his own and his  friends' clothing (endlessly), reflects in curiously erudite fashion upon  '80s pop music, and.......oh yes, commits spectacularly violent murders in  his off-hours. <br />In the book, the scenes seem cut-and pasted together, the  characters and events completely interchangeable. If the story in the  classic novel is supposed to represent an arc, perhaps this story might be  well represented by a flat horizontal line. (EKG visual pun not intended.)  Ellis has trouble writing actual stories. But he has some literary gifts:  he can compose witty dialogue, composes apt descriptions of settings, and  is a decent expository writer. Somewhere along the line, Mr. Ellis may have  gotten the mistaken idea that a novel is merely the sum of its parts.   <br />Mr. Ellis also has a most un-writerlike knack for publicity. It is of  course this gift that made his book such a notorious success.  It was bound  to be made into a movie, and, to the delight and chagrin of many, it was.  It was not a great book. The movie, however, is very good. <br />Part of this  is because violence for its own sake is more a subject for films than  books, and part is because director Mary Harron took advantage of the  book's lack of structure and of distinctiveness of its characters by  ruthlessly editing the book. She cuts out scenes, moving dialogue freely  from one character to another, moving action from one location to another.  She has eliminated all the book's novelistic pretension and fashioned a  film of visual elegance and sly wit from the remains. <br/>Right off the bat,  Ellis' infuriating digressions on attire are easily disposed of by, well,  the very medium of film. The characters wear the clothes. You can see them.  They're very nice. You can't afford them. Point made. <br />In addition, the  book's amusing but context-free essays on pop music are woven into the  film's story as eerily out-of -place monologues by the protagonist Bateman  as he prepares his grisly work, helping define him as a person utterly  without social responsibity. In one such scene that recalls the famous  Michael Madsen &quot;ear&quot; dance from Tarantino's Reservoir Dogs,  Christian Bale as Bateman jogs with manic joy around his living room,  brandishing a raincoat and axe to the tune of &quot;Hip to be Square&quot;  while pleading the case of Huey Lewis and the News for musical posterity to  Jared Leto's drunken, hapless victim Paul Allen.<br />Christian Bale's  performance as Patrick Bateman is a tour de force of smugness. His delivery  of Bateman is sheer hyperbole, a caricature of the voice of a spoiled urban  prep-school brat. He must have known that this material could not possibly  succeed if it were played straight. It is the single most redeeming feature  of this film, this oddly off-kilter starchiness of  Bateman, and it is  never less than fascinating. He never betrays a single genuine emotion  (except murderous rage) , and you wonder why it works. <br />I am not sure  that the reaction to this film will be what Harron intended. Apparently the  film was meant to be a withering indictment of greed and testosterone, and  yet I can visualize fraternity brothers across the country rewinding the  &quot;Huey Lewis&quot; scene countless times in the TV room and hooting  with glee. <br />It is to be admitted that this film will certainly do nothing  to remedy the de-sensitization of the American public to media violence.  But said de-sensitization is, for many, sad to say, a fait accompli. Seeing  as how we cannot make violencetruly horrifying again when seen on film, it  is refreshing to see  work by people who at least know how to make it  entertaining.
B00000J7JO|5.0|This is their best album yet!!!! My favorite songs are &quot;Around the  World&quot;, &quot;Scar Tissue&quot;, &quot;Otherside&quot;,  &quot;Californication&quot;, and &quot;I like Dirt&quot;!!!!!
B00003CXDG|1.0|This film let me down tremendously. Tom Cruise just mopes around and stares. After his brilliant turn in &quot;Magnolia&quot;, I expected so  much better of him. I also expected better from John Woo. Man, this movie  really dissapointed me. I could forgive the incoherent plot if the actors  would've shown a little bit of enthusiasm and excitement for the project  they were working on. Even the action sequences were a dissapointment. Just  by-the-books stuff. Nothing new. Nothing spectacular. I highly do not  reccommend this. Even if you are an avid action fan, this is a real  letdown....
0788811355|5.0|Upon first seeing this movie, I was swept away.  The air of mystery that  prevailed throught the film was evident from the very beginning, and I was  curious to know what was behind the characters.  And although the ending  was not at all what I expected, I actually enjoyed it more.  Perhaps I'm  just a sucker for stories of doomed love, but I honestly don't see how  anyone can see the relationships between the characters as flat and  one-dimentional.     This movie is one that I was still thinking about days  after I had seen it; I still become lost in the story every time that I  listen to the soundtrack.  My point is that, if you haven't seen this  movie, go now.  And don't let the fact that it seems slow at parts fool  you- the movie is complex, and it will all make wonderful sense in the end.
B00004WG28|5.0|I went to this movie expecting to dislike it or even hate it because I totally adore the Rogers and Hammerstein musical version.  What a wonderful  surprise this movie is!  Thorougly gorgeous, majestic, and much more  emotionally moving than the musical. (which I still love, by the way) I  find Yun-Fat Chow to be incredibly believable in his role as King in power,  tenderness, and when he is poignantly caught between what his heart wants  him to do and what he feels he must do to keep the confidence of his  people.  I also really enjoyed Jodie Foster much more than I though I  would.  This movie is GREAT!   I wish that it had received some academy  award nominations because it was definitely my favorite movie of the year.   If you haven't seen it yet, give it a try.  It certainly won my heart over  in a BIG way!
0783246641|4.0|This film, based on the impenetrable 1991 novel by Bret Easton Ellis,  performs an act that perhaps has never been done before by any film based  on a book: it improves the story.<br />Not that there was a whole lot of story  to begin with: a Wall Street account manager goes to a lot of clubs and  parties, frets about restaurant reservations, delivers wry, condescending  political manifestoes to amuse his friends, catalogues his own and his  friends' clothing (endlessly), reflects in curiously erudite fashion upon  '80s pop music, and.......oh yes, commits spectacularly violent murders in  his off-hours. <br />In the book, the scenes seem cut-and pasted together, the  characters and events completely interchangeable. If the story in the  classic novel is supposed to represent an arc, perhaps this story might be  well represented by a flat horizontal line. (EKG visual pun not intended.)  Ellis has trouble writing actual stories. But he has some literary gifts:  he can compose witty dialogue, composes apt descriptions of settings, and  is a decent expository writer. Somewhere along the line, Mr. Ellis may have  gotten the mistaken idea that a novel is merely the sum of its parts.   <br />Mr. Ellis also has a most un-writerlike knack for publicity. It is of  course this gift that made his book such a notorious success.  It was bound  to be made into a movie, and, to the delight and chagrin of many, it was.  It was not a great book. The movie, however, is very good. <br />Part of this  is because violence for its own sake is more a subject for films than  books, and part is because director Mary Harron took advantage of the  book's lack of structure and of distinctiveness of its characters by  ruthlessly editing the book. She cuts out scenes, moving dialogue freely  from one character to another, moving action from one location to another.  She has eliminated all the book's novelistic pretension and fashioned a  film of visual elegance and sly wit from the remains. <br/>Right off the bat,  Ellis' infuriating digressions on attire are easily disposed of by, well,  the very medium of film. The characters wear the clothes. You can see them.  They're very nice. You can't afford them. Point made. <br />In addition, the  book's amusing but context-free essays on pop music are woven into the  film's story as eerily out-of -place monologues by the protagonist Bateman  as he prepares his grisly work, helping define him as a person utterly  without social responsibity. In one such scene that recalls the famous  Michael Madsen &quot;ear&quot; dance from Tarantino's Reservoir Dogs,  Christian Bale as Bateman jogs with manic joy around his living room,  brandishing a raincoat and axe to the tune of &quot;Hip to be Square&quot;  while pleading the case of Huey Lewis and the News for musical posterity to  Jared Leto's drunken, hapless victim Paul Allen.<br />Christian Bale's  performance as Patrick Bateman is a tour de force of smugness. His delivery  of Bateman is sheer hyperbole, a caricature of the voice of a spoiled urban  prep-school brat. He must have known that this material could not possibly  succeed if it were played straight. It is the single most redeeming feature  of this film, this oddly off-kilter starchiness of  Bateman, and it is  never less than fascinating. He never betrays a single genuine emotion  (except murderous rage) , and you wonder why it works. <br />I am not sure  that the reaction to this film will be what Harron intended. Apparently the  film was meant to be a withering indictment of greed and testosterone, and  yet I can visualize fraternity brothers across the country rewinding the  &quot;Huey Lewis&quot; scene countless times in the TV room and hooting  with glee. <br />It is to be admitted that this film will certainly do nothing  to remedy the de-sensitization of the American public to media violence.  But said de-sensitization is, for many, sad to say, a fait accompli. Seeing  as how we cannot make violencetruly horrifying again when seen on film, it  is refreshing to see  work by people who at least know how to make it  entertaining.
0312199066|5.0|Gene Cernan captures your attention in this well-written look at  everything from the U.S. vs. Soviets race to the moon to the daily grind of  an american astronaut.  From humerous stories about the space race days to  tragedies like Apollo 1, this book covers all aspects of U.S. space travel  from beginning to Gene Cernan himself being the last human to walk on the  moon.  This book is a MUST for any space enthusiast and highly recommended  to anyone interested in learning about this exciting time in American  history.  Also recommend:  Leap of Faith (G. Cooper)
6302561841|5.0|This is Charlie's best film! It is as true as ever and will leave your  sides hurting for the whole day! A comedy about a factory worker who goes  insane by the machines of the modern age!
6304178352|5.0|Every time I finish watching this movie, I just want to rewind it and  watch again.  It is the best musical ever!  Sure, that is a big claim to  make, but it would be an even bigger one to deny it (in my opinion).  The  love story, the songs, the clothes-they're so great.   But what really made  me fall in love with it that it is a love story.  What girl doesn't (at  least secretly) wish that they could get dressed up in beautiful clothes to  go to a ball with the man of their dreams?  The only problem is that I  really feel badly for Freddy in the end, not having won Eliza's affection-  he was so nice to Eliza, and he wasn't afraid to tell her how he felt about  her, unlike Henry.     But that point aside, this movie is such a fun  story, and you really want to see how it turns out.  A true classic among  classics, My Fair Lady is a must-see for anyone who has ever dreamed of  being swept off their feet.
B000001IQH|5.0|Rancid conquered classic punk on this album so they could go on to  experiment with other things on Life Wont Wait. For catchy rock and roll,  it doesn't get any better than this, folks.
0783246641|4.0|This film, based on the impenetrable 1991 novel by Bret Easton Ellis,  performs an act that perhaps has never been done before by any film based  on a book: it improves the story.<br />Not that there was a whole lot of story  to begin with: a Wall Street account manager goes to a lot of clubs and  parties, frets about restaurant reservations, delivers wry, condescending  political manifestoes to amuse his friends, catalogues his own and his  friends' clothing (endlessly), reflects in curiously erudite fashion upon  '80s pop music, and.......oh yes, commits spectacularly violent murders in  his off-hours. <br />In the book, the scenes seem cut-and pasted together, the  characters and events completely interchangeable. If the story in the  classic novel is supposed to represent an arc, perhaps this story might be  well represented by a flat horizontal line. (EKG visual pun not intended.)  Ellis has trouble writing actual stories. But he has some literary gifts:  he can compose witty dialogue, composes apt descriptions of settings, and  is a decent expository writer. Somewhere along the line, Mr. Ellis may have  gotten the mistaken idea that a novel is merely the sum of its parts.   <br />Mr. Ellis also has a most un-writerlike knack for publicity. It is of  course this gift that made his book such a notorious success.  It was bound  to be made into a movie, and, to the delight and chagrin of many, it was.  It was not a great book. The movie, however, is very good. <br />Part of this  is because violence for its own sake is more a subject for films than  books, and part is because director Mary Harron took advantage of the  book's lack of structure and of distinctiveness of its characters by  ruthlessly editing the book. She cuts out scenes, moving dialogue freely  from one character to another, moving action from one location to another.  She has eliminated all the book's novelistic pretension and fashioned a  film of visual elegance and sly wit from the remains. <br/>Right off the bat,  Ellis' infuriating digressions on attire are easily disposed of by, well,  the very medium of film. The characters wear the clothes. You can see them.  They're very nice. You can't afford them. Point made. <br />In addition, the  book's amusing but context-free essays on pop music are woven into the  film's story as eerily out-of -place monologues by the protagonist Bateman  as he prepares his grisly work, helping define him as a person utterly  without social responsibity. In one such scene that recalls the famous  Michael Madsen &quot;ear&quot; dance from Tarantino's Reservoir Dogs,  Christian Bale as Bateman jogs with manic joy around his living room,  brandishing a raincoat and axe to the tune of &quot;Hip to be Square&quot;  while pleading the case of Huey Lewis and the News for musical posterity to  Jared Leto's drunken, hapless victim Paul Allen.<br />Christian Bale's  performance as Patrick Bateman is a tour de force of smugness. His delivery  of Bateman is sheer hyperbole, a caricature of the voice of a spoiled urban  prep-school brat. He must have known that this material could not possibly  succeed if it were played straight. It is the single most redeeming feature  of this film, this oddly off-kilter starchiness of  Bateman, and it is  never less than fascinating. He never betrays a single genuine emotion  (except murderous rage) , and you wonder why it works. <br />I am not sure  that the reaction to this film will be what Harron intended. Apparently the  film was meant to be a withering indictment of greed and testosterone, and  yet I can visualize fraternity brothers across the country rewinding the  &quot;Huey Lewis&quot; scene countless times in the TV room and hooting  with glee. <br />It is to be admitted that this film will certainly do nothing  to remedy the de-sensitization of the American public to media violence.  But said de-sensitization is, for many, sad to say, a fait accompli. Seeing  as how we cannot make violencetruly horrifying again when seen on film, it  is refreshing to see  work by people who at least know how to make it  entertaining.
6302797519|3.0|Lord Jim is a good film, but there's something missing! It is incomplete  in many ways, escept the acting. Peter O'Toole is always marvelous to  watch....his acting in Lord Jim echoes that of Lawrence of Arabia.
6305079900|5.0|you all know the story, and i just wanted to write my opinion about this  movie. others will give a huge synopsis. i love the story. i think the best  part of it is at the dance club when the three main characters first meet.  one thing we forget so many times is the impact of music in the movie. the  song they used there in that scene fit perfectly, (&quot;you got me  runnin'&quot;). on the whole the music in the movie added such adrenaline  to the whole that you can't help but love it.
0440219078|5.0|This book The Giver is the best book that I have read all this summer.  I'm in the 8th grade at Lainer Middle School, and are language arts class read this book. At first I was not so shure that this book would be good  but after we started to read it I just kept on wanting to read it and read  it.I gave this book A 5 star cause it's wort it .This book always keeps you  wondering what is going to happen next. There are also somethings in this  book that are just sick in some ways . There for you is my REVIEW on this  wonder full book The Giver... I wish that everyone would read this book it  well make you think about what you have .
B00002DEQQ|5.0|Tom's vocal cords have remained in the background, obscured by his sex  symbol image, for too long.  While the MAN can't help being the sexiest,  coolest man in the universe - take a listen to those pipes.  AMAZING.  And  they're still as awesome today as the day he was discovered.  MAMA TOLD ME  and YOU NEED LOVE are sizzling, soulful covers. Tom's a SEX BOMB - but he's  also one of the most astounding pop voices EVER.
B000021XS0|5.0|Dream Theater once again proves why,musically,they are the greatest rock  band of our time. This album is absolutely flawless. The story line could  be made into a full length motion picture. Of course the musicians are once  again perfect. James LaBrie's vocals have matured greatly, John Petrucci's  guitar work is blazing as usual, John Myung's bass is incredible, Jordan  Rudess is by far the best keyboardist to play for DT, and Mike Portnoy is  simply the most incredible drummer ever. The song writing is amazing and  they have once again outdone themselves. They can blister you with  great,straight ahead rockers like &quot;Home&quot;,and are equally as  effective on more mellow tracks such as &quot;The Spirit Carries On.&quot;  How many other bands can rock like DT, and mix in classical piano on  &quot;One Last Time&quot;, a string arrangement on &quot;Finally Free&quot;  and a gospel choir on The Spirit Carries On&quot; and be so effective on  each. This is truly a classic album and classic concept album in the spirit  of Queensryche's &quot;Operation:Mindcrime&quot; and Pink Floyd's &quot;The  Wall.&quot;  No rock cd collection should be without &quot;Scenes From A  Memory.&quot; It will truly blow you away.
B00000K0DT|5.0|i thought it was an interesting movie, but i knew from the start what kind  of twist the ending would provide. it may be just because of kevin spacey's  oscar, i figured he was not who he was. but the movie was well done and  well acted.
B00003CXCS|3.0|While the transfer of this fine film to DVD has been long awaited, I found  the DVD very disappointing due to significant skips, stalls, image  distortions, and lip sink problems occuring in major scenes and songs  (played on an RCA DVD player which up until now has not ever been  problemmatic with DCD playbacks). Problemmatic sequences included  &quot;Maria&quot;, &quot;The office of the Mother Abbess&quot;, &quot;So  Long, Farwell Reprise&quot;. I hope this is an individual problem, would  appreciate hearing if I got a bad disk or whether these are known technical  flaws. Have not played this on my powerbook yet.
B00004T9UH|4.0|This was a great CD For Youger teens if their parents do not let you  listen to swear words!
0671034065|5.0|Linda Howard has scored another success.Although I feel that her earlier  books are some of her best, this one had the elements of humor, romance and  mystery that I have come to associate with Linda Howard.  The tension  between the hero and heroine is great, and I love the humor (especially  when Jaine sees Sam in through the window and can't keep her eyes from  every inch of him).  Corin/Leah was a great switch because there aren't  that many female serial killers.  Linda Howard, please keep up the good  work--you have a lot of loyal fans!
0060273224|5.0|SABRIEL is easily one of the very best works of fiction I have read in the last 5 years. It is elegant, pure, lovely and lyric. Though towering with a  sad grandeur, SABRIEL yet retains a warm and sincere intimacy, embracing  the reader with Fine Company. Sabriel and Mogget are a matched set, each a  powerful being contained in an innocuous vessel; Abhorsen, seemingly dark  and stern - even menacing - but hiding a great and secret mirth for those  with eyes to see.  There are no unimportant characters cluttering this  story; each has a distinct and readable story - even if it isn't written  down; even the most minor characters are wonderfully alive and real.  SABRIEL has a refreshing lack of two-dimensional characters.  There is  also in this book an unshakeable hope - not a pollyanna sort of hope, but a  hope that good will triumph over evil at any cost. There is beauty as well:  the beautiful, real love which is a laying down of life; the beauty of life  freely given up. There is death in this book - the death of body, death by  selflessness, and death by selfishness - death of the soul (and a clear  delineation twixt the two).  I wish more of the &quot;adult&quot; stories  I read had the depth of insight, the power to move me as deeply as SABRIEL.  There is nothing of the vulgar or trite or cheap or mean in this book. This  is FAR more adult fiction (in the best sense) than most of my  &quot;adult&quot; reading. To be too &quot;adult&quot; to read and  appreciate a book of this caliber is to be dead inside. If you want your  children to read something that will make them grow spiritually and  mentally, I cannot recommend this book highly enough.
B00003CXCS|3.0|While the transfer of this fine film to DVD has been long awaited, I found  the DVD very disappointing due to significant skips, stalls, image  distortions, and lip sink problems occuring in major scenes and songs  (played on an RCA DVD player which up until now has not ever been  problemmatic with DCD playbacks). Problemmatic sequences included  &quot;Maria&quot;, &quot;The Office of the Mother Abbess&quot;, &quot;So  Long, Farwell Reprise&quot;. I hope this is an individual problem, would  appreciate hearing if I got a bad disk or whether these are known technical  flaws. Have not played this on my powerbook yet.
B000006NPY|4.0|me, i been hating de pompkins longtime, mon.  (i call dem de pompkins for  because dey so very pompous/bombastic, dontchaknow).  oh but dis be de disc  for de peeps what hate de pompkins, for de folk dat only like de  &quot;1979&quot; cause it remind dem of de greatest band in de  universe--dat would be New Order, mon... but a course you ben knowing dat  longtime, eh?!)  i hatey-hatey Billyboy's crooning much-much, but dis  records sompfin else, mon.  it good!  me biggy-big surprise!  rock on, most  hated man in rock!
B00000J7S8|3.0|This recording is not up to par with D. Krall's previous two.  The band  really cooks on the numbers that do not include orchestration.   Unfortunately, the orchestrations, while very professional, sound phony and  IMHO do not enhance what Diana Krall and her terrific trios do best:   swing!!
B00004KD1A|4.0|In actuality I would rate this CD 4and1/2 stars. I agree with the above  reviews. I had the pleasure of seeing Rory on Septmber 12, 1979 only a few  months before the tour from which these tracks are   taken. His  performances brought me back 21 years to Hartford Ct. and how awestruck I  was being a part of his performance.  The reason for my rating has to do  with the way each song roughly transitions to the next without any build up  and without hearing Rory introduce the songs as he did so well with his  polite Irish charm:\\"Here's another song you might like... My biggest  disappointment however is how at the end of the last song Shadow Play, the  song slowly fades out while Rory is still playing. The song may have gone  on for another 30 seconds or more. It's the crowd that should have been  fading out after Rory left the stage. Otherwise I am happy to own the  definitve live Rory Gallagher performance
0553579908|5.0|A Clash of Kings is a great book, and a fitting sequel to his original  work, A Game of Thrones.  Martin continues his story line about the fight  to gain the Iron Throne and in so doing gives the reader insight into the  power and politics of medieval life.  Martin tells his tale through  parallel story lines that develop a variety of characters.  Some of these  you will love, and others you will hate, but each gives a different  perspective on the events of the time.  My favorite is Tyrion Lannister.   Though he is carnal and self-serving, his wit and cunning won me over.     While the events in the story line are not always uplifting, and the  narratives are at times graphic, both these lend the story a sense of  reality.  There was no shortage of death and deprivation in medieval life.       I hope we don't have to wait long for the third installment, I am  anxious to see how this story ends.
6302293553|5.0|The best Monty Python movie out there, this isn't just a great parody of  the Arthur's Holy Grail odyssey, but it's also a rapid fire of killerjokes.  I don't honestly think there is a minute you don't find yourself laughing  with this. Now, even though someone writes as funny script than this, he  will still have a very difficult time making it as funny as this, because  the Monty Python gang members were arguably the six funniest lads in  England that time (probably in the whole world, because the Yankees were  laughing at turkies like &quot;Herbie Goes To Monte Carlo&quot; oh  mother!!!). especially Eric Idle and John Cleese give a breathtakingly  funny performances. So, whatever anyone says, this is still the best movie  about the theme. Gosh, why do everyone keep laughing at 70's? (It's the  clothes, moron!)
B0000203Y5|3.0|After getting through the &quot;novelty&quot; of being a document about  Cuban musicians-- me, being an American, who has been cut off from Cuban  culture and music, by the American government's economic and social  embargoes, I couldn't help thinking that every single town in the world has  a handfull of bands like this-- bands that played in a small neighborhood  bar on Saturday night.. Well, bands like those have their time, then they  break up, like this band.
B00004TRD8|5.0|There is little I can add to what has already been written about the film  T2 itself, and this Ultimate DVD Edition.  The film is definitely one of  the best ever made, in any genre, and deserved to take the zillions it  grossed at the box office. The Ultimate Edition is what DVD is all about  and sets the benchmark for any studios interested in making use of the full  potential of that medium. I agree though with others who have written that  it was unfortunate all this content couldn't have been included in the  original DVD release. Well, it could have been, but then suckers such as I  would have parted with less hard earned cash, which of course is what  matters to the studios. (I wouldn't be surprized to see at least 5  different DVD versions of the Star Wars movies released, once Mr Lucas has  flogged the VHS market to death of course.) Anyway, I thoroughly recommend  this DVD, especially to anyone who sells the players and sound systems. Let  customers see &amp; hear this one and your stock will fly out the door!  Also, not previously having heard a DVD with DTS, I was amazed at how good  it was. Flipping between that soundtrack and the Dolby Digital (which  virtually all other DVDs use) made me wonder if I'd had my system mis-wired  all this time! DTS was streets ahead and I hope to see a lot more of it in  the future. This film has stood the test of time (it's almost incredible  that it's nearly ten years old) because along with the ground-breaking  effects, there came an exceptional script. My only concern about the  forthcoming T3 is that it won't, and as so often in the past, had the last  of the series come first, it would have sunk without trace and the others  would never have been made - Godfather 3 &amp; Phantom Menace spring to  mind as good examples. So then, buy this DVD; I don't think you'll regret  it.
B000002NG7|5.0|I've enjoyed Faith No More for years now. Each album is full of suprises.  They can mix any style that they like and it still sounds like them.  They've had a big impact on jamie smith band for that reason. Mike Patton  is one of my favorite singers of all time. I saw FNM 3 years ago on this  tour in Milwaukee and couldn't believe how great this band was live. It's a  shame that they never really got their props!
0446677450|5.0|I think this man is a little taken with himself.  The premise that he  has...that the rich deal and think about money different than the poor...is  most likely true.  However setting up his rich dad (mentor) and his poor  dad (birth father) as good and bad role models is REALLY in bad taste.  I  agree with another reviewer...There are no specifics, just rather long  winded stories.  Maybe that is his point.  That the difference between rich  and poor is in your mind and not in financial formulas, but I'll tell you  this... he is richer by the price of this book and I am poorer by it so....  I don't think I quite have it yet.  My biggest gripe is setting his father  up to look somewhat lame... I just think it's in poor taste.  I think alot  of people did get alot from this book.  I just felt it wasn't specific  enough and the author was too impressed with himself.
B000000OQF|2.0|The sad thing about the album is that it is the best thing they have had  to offer. I think Rocket Queen is the best song they have written. Axl  can't sing. The drummer blows. Slash can't make it out of the box and his  tone sucks. The bass player failed at guitar and continued his tradition on  the bigger guitar with two less strings to screw up. I saw them live and  had to bail.
B00004W5UA|5.0|This film is bizarre. Very bizarre! The darkness and weirdness in the film will definitely keep you on the edge of your seat. It might also attract  you in an appalling and guilty sort of way. The Fight Club illustrates  society's ugliness through the odd behavior of Edward Norton's nameless and  insomniac character and his mysterious friend Tyler (played by Brad Pitt,  of course). The violence in the film is gruesome, there's no doubt about  that. But the film has a way to illustrate the decay of society in a  clearer -- and perhaps more disturbing -- way. I cannot be specific about  the plot -- that would defeat the viewer's purpose and expectations. I  really enjoyed Norton's narration; his voice has irony and darkness, which  is very appropriate for the film. Brad Pitt's portrayal of Tyler is  excellent. I also enjoyed Helena Bonham Carter and Meatloaf's supporting  roles. I wish I had read the novel this film is based on. It looks as  though it would have been quite an interesting read. Nevertheless, the film  will shock you into consciousness. But this film isn't for everyone. Make  sure you'll be able to handle the violence and complicated plot.
B000031XCR|1.0|This woman has been putting out this garbage for years. I gave it a 1 star  rating because the browser wouldn't let me deduct stars she's already  received. All the tracks on this cd are painful to listen to. I can't  believe she needs help to write songs this lame.I loved the Titanic movie  but jumped out of my seat and scurried out of the theater during her lame  song that someone else had to write for her. On my way home from the  theater I decided that a movie of that caliber needed a song with more soul  than Celine was capable of. I wrote Frozen Tears that evening as a tribute  to the film.
6303979882|5.0|I can't say a bad word about this film! I'm from England and it was only  out here a year ago during the summer and when the summer finished Sky and  Digital stopped showing it but thank god i bought the video because  everyone i know wants to borrow it and they all love it! Its great. If  you're tempted to buy it but think you or your daughter or whoever, will  only watch it once and put it at the back of a cupboard they won't they'll  watch it again and again! Just BUY it!
6305807086|4.0|Through the entire movie I kept saying to myself, &quot;What the?&quot;  An amazingly interesting plot, Being John Malkovich nearly shot itself in  the foot with its odd ball advertising scheme, the trailers and t.v. spots  were so confusing that noone I know wanted to see it.  But I was strangely  intrigued.  So I waited until it was releaed on video and quickly grabbed  it.  I was immediately sucked into the movie within just a minute.  The  style of acting is so real from Cusack, I had never seen him so natural in  a role.  But then the movie takes off, twisting and turning itself into one  of the most original scripts that I've ever seen outside of a film  festival.  I guess thats what happens when you give an original story  financial backing, a movie that really takes off.  This will change your  take on what a movie/script is and can be.  It moves itself very well  towards its climax, and flows so easily that you don't even realize you  were watching a movie until its over. Its definately worth viewing
6301942647|4.0|This movie is a transferral directly from the realm of dreams to the realm  of screens.  The challenges of how to faithfully render a dream world on  film would seem to me to be quite hard to overcome, yet Kurosawa creates  magic on the screen.  The film can be slow as some dreams are less  intriguing than others, however that only accentuated its veracity, as some  dreams run away with you, and some dreams get stuck in a rut or a circle,  and most dreams are frought more with anxiety than with plot.<br />Even the  dreams I didn't enjoy so much seemed familiar to me as I was able  throughout to see and hear the images and symbols and characters as if I  were dreaming them up in my head and not just seeing them on a screen.  The  execution does not at all seem effortless, but nevertheless perfect and  brilliant.<br />Dreams have a way of symbolizing something surreal within you.   That is what this film invites you to do, delve into your own subconscious  - to find the meaning of the dreams, to find a subconscious connection  between yourself and Kurosawa, and with all of humanity.  The  cinematography is beautiful.  The imagery is chilling.  The music is  perfectly selected to contribute to the film.  The stylized movement  enchantingly expert.  If you enjoy movies such as Jacob's Ladder, Ran, or  other movies that use film imagery as an art, if you have a tolerance or  even enjoyment of symbolic material, you must watch this film.<br />Be  forewarned, some of the scenes toward the end get a little preachy, which  is a clumsy addition to an otherwise wonderful and magnificent film.<br />Now  I will indulge and say The Peach Orchard was enchanting and delivering and  The Tunnel was grippingly powerful.
068818071X|5.0|Well, it wasn't exactly a fantastic holiday, but it is one that could  change her life forever. I found this book to be both hilarious and  touching at the same time. I love the characters, especially Luke. The only  bad thing about this novel is that Keyes has a tendency to stereotype  races, including the Irish. That's a big no-no in my list. However, I have  appreciated Keyes's great wit and attention to detail. What a great read!
B00003CX59|5.0|Man, this movie was really wonderful, and it is one of the few movies  which I can regard as &quot;a work of art&quot;. Briefly, every aspect of  this movie was nearly perfect, which is the most distinctive characteristic  of Sleepy Hollow. Yes, every aspect! Marvelous costumes; impressive music  by Danny Elfman; fascinating cinematography; splendid direction and film  editing; excellent art direction, which brought it a well-deserved Oscar;  breathtaking plot (Washington Irving- Andrew Kevin Walker: se7en )  and  finally great cast-including Christopher Lee and Martin Landau- and awesome  acting!I think the cast was  the greatest of this year; Burton always works  with such cast; e.g. the cast of Mars Attacks was  terrific,too. I  especially loved Christopher Walken portraying the Hessian Horseman-  yelling cruelly and mercilessly all the time- and also his teeth!! He has  been my favorite villain since Dart Maul ( Ray Park ) in Star Wars.I also  would like to point out that Ray Park also gave a cool portrayal  of the  headless horseman, swinging the sword and killing people ranging from 6 to  60! Moreover, during the prologue to the film, what a nice surprise was it  to see Martin Landau!!!What  a nice favor of him!   Finally, I would like  to express how silly it was to gave the Oscar for the best cinematography  to American Beauty instead of Sleepy Hollow. Well, the award went to  American Beauty, but certainly, Sleepy Hollow was the one which had really   deserved it! I recommend this movie to everyone! Go and  see it and do  yourself a favor!
0380788624|5.0|This is the most intelligent book I've read in years, clearly ahead of the  curve in predicting near term events, as well as human interactions and  emotional complexities. Exciting, entertaining and brain expanding.
0446310786|5.0|I had to read To Kill a Mockingbird for school and I thought, a book for  school, this will suck.  After a few chapters, it got really good and I  didn't want to put it down.  The back of the book doesn't describe it well.   It is not a love story (I don't know what that's about, there's no love),  but about this guy Atticus who had to defend a black man who was obvously  innocnet (if you want to know the end scroll to the bottom).  the narrator  figures out her views of life a rasism through the issues raised.  It's a  great book, a must read (esp. for me).  I must admit though, once you take  notes on it, it looses some charm.<br />Off2mars2@aol.com The end of the book  is below<br />The end of the book: Atticus's client is guilty, and gets killed  running away from jail.  Bob Ewell get's killed tring to attack Jem, how  ends the book unconsouis from the attack.
B00004RHZU|4.0|Everyone who's saying Pink is a rip off or her songs sound copied needs to  take a rest because the fact is Pink is only 20 and she's just putting out  an album for people to enjoy listening to, nothing else. Her songs cover a  lot of subjects that can relate to young people like me, I'm 17. Her best  song is &quot;Stop Falling&quot;. Its a slow song, the kind that Mary J.  Blige or Mariah Carey do. But Pink put so much soul and power in this song  that it can make you cry if you share her experiences. She talks about how  she's not ready for love yet and it's hurting her but she knows what's  best. I love it. It's the second slow song next to &quot;Love Is Such A  Crazy Thing&quot;. I also like that one. I spent my money on this because I  liked &quot;There You Go&quot; but it turned out its not the best song.  It's not! And Pink has so much talent I'm counting, waiting, until her next  album comes out.
B00000JCOV|5.0|the best c.d i ever heard forget what the other people sez if they give it  one star their stupid people that don't know anything about music this is a  real hard rock all the songs in here are all good sic,spit it  out,sufacing,wait and bleed,and more there all good if you love rock or  metal music this is the album for you for you other people if you don't  really like rock music then why are you reading this profile if you want  this c.d get and see for your self
B00004RHZU|5.0|I think I've just become Pink's real biggest fan. I got her CD Can't Take  Me Home last week and I haven't stopped listning to it since then. Pink's  voice is amazing. She has RnB dance cuts and slow jams (Stop Falling is the  best). She can sing on those jams, believe me. But my fav song has to be  Most Girls. It's really catchy and very fast. I love it! I also like Split  Personality and Hiccup. Hiccup is the second best. Hiccup is bomb. It  sounds like that Biggie song where he hiccups. This CD has moods. If you're  feeling happy and gotta dance, put on Most Girls or Hiccup. If you're  sitting with your lover on a couch listening to it, put on Love Is Such a  Crazy Thing or Stop Falling. The CD even has cuts of Pink speaking to  friends, on the phone, or talking to herself. Some of the stuff she says,  her whole attitude, it's funny. Like in Hell With Ya where she talks about  how her man left her for another girl, after Pink sings &quot;So I heard  I've met the b**ch before&quot; she says in the background &quot;Yeah, and  I remember that time we went to Pizza Hut you said she was your  cousin!&quot;. I cracked up. Pink's style is all her own. She has a hip hop  and punk image mixed together so she's original. No song here is bad. Trust  me. Buy it today, baby. As she says: &quot;it's a Pink thang!&quot;
6304539282|5.0|The whole Star Wars saga in my opinion is the most extradorinary,  compelling, and it has many story lines a person has to follow.  When  Episode 2 and Episode 3 comes out we will learn more about the story of  Anakin Skywaller and how he becomes Darth Vader.  Every movie has a purpose  and every movie makes this wonderful saga to fit like a perfect puzzle.   Yes Phantom Menace was a great movie, people are very short sighted not too  see that.  Phantom gave a lot of clues about what is going to happen in the  future, all you have to do is follow it closely.  To people who don't like  Star Wars, GET LOST!  No matter what anyone thinks Star Wars is the most  popular and most talked about movies of our lifetime.  99.9% of people you  ask have watched Star Wars.  All we need is to wait til 2005 and I can pick  up all 6 of these movies on DVD, now that will make everything complete!
B00004TLMC|4.0|Eyes Wide Shut was ill-suited for the summer movie corridor. It has no  explosions, no running, shouting, or a single gunshot. What it has are long  scenes in which characters talk to one another. Slowly and carefully.   <br />The film was marketed as having white-hot sex scenes and plenty of  gratuitous nudity, while it has neither. There is plenty of naked flesh,  don't get me wrong, but in exactly the opposite way that the ads make it  appear. This is not a movie about being sexy and naked -- it takes a more  dispassionate, analytical approach to sexuality. The result was  disappointment for the many people who bought tickets looking for some  high-class porn.<br />The film is a meditation on sexuality and how it relates  to marriage, death, and money. It's a fascinating commentary on modern  life, and a rare movie that dares to examine sex as impassionately as any  other issue.<br />The tension in the plot and the issues that the film  discusses aren't telegraphed to the audience, they're hinted at in the  dialog. There is no neat resolution at the end, life simply goes on. The  subtlety of the plot doesn't mean Kubrick didn't have anything to say,  however, it means the viewer has to do some work as well.<br />The directing  and cinematography alone would be worth the price of admission without the  social commentary. The sets are an integral part of the movie; they breathe  and glow and live. Kubrick was a master director, and he uses long shots  and dissolves to great effect. Cruise and Kidman are at their best, and the  supporting cast is also strong. It's Kubrick's magic work with the camera  that holds the film together.<br />All in all, definitely worth seeing for the  un-uptight. It's possible to watch this film and actually think about it  for hours afterward.  Adjust your attention span and expectations, and  you'll enjoy it.
630414542X|5.0|THERE'S A SPOILER IN THIS REVIEW SO IF YOU DON'T WANT TO KNOW HOW THE  MOVIE ENDS DO NOT READ ON.<br />Highlander has the most beautiful, moving, and  emotional story that has ever been conceived. Connor MacLeod risks his life  and fights evil immortals so that mortal man will not have to suffer an  eternity of darkness. And in the end, with all the power he has from  winning the prize, he uses it to benefit others instead of himself. That is  absolutely the most beautiful and most altruistic thing I've have ever  heard of. One of the world's greatest tragedies is that those who took  Highlander away from Gregory Widen have no concept of what makes it so  special. How they actually managed to capture this spirit in the tv series  with the noble and heroic Duncan MacLeod is beyond me. Because it was  mutilated by Highlander 2: The Quickening and butchered yet again by  Highlander: The Raven.
B00000I8BX|5.0|This is far by one of the best CD's i've ever heard. With songs like  Edgecrusher, Hi-thech fate, and Obselete, this CD rules. The song  edgecrusher sounds like something that SlipKnot would do. I was amazed at  the heavyness of the CD. It definetely beats out heavymates like  Spineshank, Coal Chamber, and Type-o Negative. This is the best CD you'll  get out of Road Runner besides SlipKnot. Get this CD right now. But the  song &quot;Cars&quot; is really dumb. But this is a great CD!
6304994540|5.0|This is probably the most rewatchable movie i've ever seen.Excellent  performances by everyone involved,especially The Dude as the lazy slob and  Walter as the Vietnam vet with a short temper.The movie is very laid-back  and moves at it's own pace,it usually doesn't worry about falling away from  any plot-structure.The plot (which involves mistaken identity and and  ransom) isn't the reason for watching this movie,the reason is for the  perfectly casted characters and the hilarious dialogue.I also recommend  watching it more than once before judging it,the first time i watched it i  thought it was dull,now i'm addicted to it and know every line.So basically  this review is just to prepare you for what to expect when watching this  so.....just buy the movie
6305205620|5.0|If you even remotely like Metallica, get this DVD!  This may even be a  good reason to invest in a DVD player, this is as good as it gets.  The  video quality is exceptional, but it's the audio where this really stands  out, man!  You can really hear all of 'Tallicas songs well, especially my  favs &quot;Enter Sandman&quot;, &quot;Sad But True&quot; and &quot;Wherever  I may Roam&quot;, they sound great, and the crowd is absolutely nuts!   Whoa, I wouldn't have especially wanted to be there, moshing in an arena  that's seats are set at a 60 degree angle, that's extreme!  But the music  on here is fabulous!  Although young children probably shouldn't hear this,  there's some pretty bad language, especially on &quot;So What&quot;, but if  you are about 12 or older, this is probably okay for you, so enough, go out  to your local Record Town, or wherever, and get this 2 DVD set!
B00004TRD8|4.0|This is one of the best action/science fiction films I have ever seen. One  of James Cameron's best collaborators is Arnold Schwarzenegger and that is  well proven here. This film is, in my opinion, light years better then the  original Terminator in every aspect. Cameron is great at creating action  films with elements of human drama. The ending is a bit cheesy and over the  top but not enough to make this a bad film. The acting is pretty good. I'ld  say the best performance is given by Linda Hamilton as the hardened and  determined Sarah Connor. The music is okay. The special effects are  terrific. The DVD is great and loaded to the gills with extras. I  particularly like the &quot;making of&quot; documentary which includes  interviews with Arnold, Cameron, and other cast and crew members. The  documentary also shows the process behind the computer and make-up effects.  The picture quality is fantastic. If you don't have this DVD, get it!
0613181050|5.0|A beautifully written book that traces the development of classical number  theory in a way that its &quot;humaness&quot;, if you will, makes clear  that even the most abstract of thinkers in this most abstract of all human  endeavors, is very human, indeed.  Particularly to my liking is the  author's covering of the important women in mathematics, especially his  excellent coverage of the contributions of French mathematician, Sophie  Germain.  That she had to work and publish under an assumed masculine name  says a lot about the way we were; perhaps the way we still are in some  instances.  But finally revealing her identity to the great Guass, and  receiving his praise for her work is simply delightful to read.<br />I cannot  recommend this work too highly. A masterly performance that will reward the  reader with at least a small appreciation of the power, the beauty of the  human mind.
B00000I2VF|5.0|words can not explain this album,  buy it. i swear too you after a few  listens youll be hooked
0684833395|5.0|I didn't know what this book was about when i bought it just that it was  supposedly a classic. After the first few chapters I was so glad i bought  it. This is probably one of the funniest books i've ever read. It is full  of dry humor and paradoxes. And it also makes you think quite a bit about  the rationality of some things. I hope everybody reads this book.
B000003FMY|5.0|Reiner's performances with his Chicago Orchestra can barely be matched by  any other conducter\orchestra . The sound, mostly from the 1950's rivals  todays best. &quot;Pictures at an Exibition&quot; is no exception. In 1983  I heard an original &quot;shaded Dog&quot; Lp of this &quot;Pictures&quot;  and was hooked on Reiner\Chicago team. Although the sound of the Cd does  not match the LP, it is still a must for any classical music fan to own  this CD.
B000002N2P|5.0|Does this band need any introduction?  Green Day rules!  How do they get  all that awesome sound out of 3 guys?  Buy this CD!
0553108034|5.0|George R.R. Martin is one of the most best writer I know. He must be  gifted by God to write like that!!! A Clash of Kings his a fantasy storie  that you can't forgot. The way he write ( instead of puting chapters, he's  putting character name..) is so complex and God be Good we have the  appendix of kings and their courts at the end of the book. It's not a dj  vu book. Many tales come from him and no other author have put this in  books. It is PURE... A story of corruption and power. Every people who like  fantasy will fall in love with this series... I can't wait for the next: A  Storm of Swords. If I could put 10 stars on it, I would put it on!!!
B00001NFCY|1.0|led zeppelin shows their true talent on physical graffiti by accessing the  secret code known only to the secret society of secret rock classics.  but  shhhh, keep that a secret ok?  and buy led zeppelin albums, containing all  there secretive rock classics with all the secret lyrical dialogues.  <br />LONG LIVE THE ZEP ZEP LED LED!  RAMBLE ON!!  IN MY TIME OF  DYING<br />secret society workers have often tried to infiltrate the society,  but you can show them by buying physical graffiti and become in on the  secret of rock classics.  become a member, purchase it today.  <br />who is  creed anyway?  LED ZEPPELIN!!!!!<br />they really show the style that is  emphasised in competence, not estamating the endevours of their previous  advents of becoming the pedegogal pre-emptitude obsequiously supposed to be  a secret rock classic society.  ha!  i scoff at such inadequacy!
B000002H33|5.0|Listen what's up with all of these stupid boy bands, rappers and little  girls who are singing..........maybe. Metallica was a band before Britney  Spears was even born. They've sold millions of albums and are possibly the  best band. I'm only 13 and all of my friends like bands like Limp Bizkit  and Korn or rappers like Nelly and Eminem. Metallica has had nine albums  all gone over platnum. Kirk Hammet is probably the best guitarest out  there. MUCH better than Wes of Limp. They've resently played with one of  the most respected symphony orchestas in the world. Metallica did not ask  them to do it with them, the conductor and composer asked. Have you ever  seen *NSTINK or Britney with an orcestra. NO YOU HAVEN'T. Master of Puppets  has four singles and many songs that should. With the songs Battery, Master  of Puppets, The Thing that Should Not Be and Welcome (Sanitarium). With  James Hetfield or rythm guitar, Lars on drums, Cliff Burton on bass and  Kirk Hammet on lead guitar, what's not to like. I know theres this big  thing with napster and people weren't really liking them, how would feel if  YOUR music that YOU wrote was being stolen.Can you tell me a band were the  bass player was crushed by a bus and the singer gets burned half to death  and come back bigger and stronger? NO I didn't think so. .So yeah shut up  and buy the album. If you like metal then this is your type of album.
6305971935|5.0|If you like SCIENCE FICTION &lt;TIME TRAVEL&gt;, this is one of the 20 best from the 20th century!
B00003OSSL|2.0|When Harrison Ford was shown the script of RANDOM HEARTS, I can imagine  him saying: &quot;Well, here's a real challenge.  A two hour and a quarter  movie with absolutely no plot.  It gives me a chance to act when there is  nothing to act about.  This will surely test the limits of my skills as an  actor!&quot;  And so the cameras roll. There is an exciting airplane crash  to begin the movie, but we don't see it.  We only see talking heads talking  about it on TV.  We get a shot of the plane that has crashed in the ocean.   Look!  Tail sticking out!  Well, now that all the drama in the movie is  over, we start following these characters around.  Our hero has a quest but  he gets nowhere.  He doesn't solve it.  Our heroine is trying to win an  election for Congress.  She doesn't win it.  At the end, hero and heroine  see each other at an airport.  Will they get on the plane together?  If  they do, will the plane crash, thus bracketing our film with a plane crash  at the beginning and another plane crash at the end?  No, they don't even  get on the plane together.  Instead, the ending is exactly in tune with the  entire movie:  HE: &quot;What do you say I call you up sometime?&quot;   SHE:  &quot;Wouldn't that be something?&quot;  And that's it.  That is the  exact last line of the movie.  I know, because I forwarded through the DVD  just to make sure.  Yes, indeed, that would be something!  Not quite  &quot;this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship.&quot;  Not quite  &quot;Tomorrow is another day.&quot;  No, not at all.  Something less than  that.  A move without a story ends on a question.  Enigmatic,  heart-rending, passionate, mysterious, thrilling -- none of those words  apply to this movie.  Bottom line:  The best movie without a plot that  you'll ever see--good cinematography, good editing, good acting--all add up  to a big two star rating but only because I'm writing this on a Friday  night and feeling generous.
B00000J7J4|4.0|great stars help carlos do this, very good solos,just like classic  santana.
B00004YRQA|5.0|The new memory cards are great. They are much, much, much faster then the  other ones for the regular playstation.
B000002KJL|5.0|This is one of the few perfect albums and with the most perfectly crafted  song in &quot;Sultans of Swing&quot;. In this one song, MK synthensized the  major styles of popular music - starting with rock and roll and blues, then  a hint of jazz (including references to Duke Ellington's song) and  finishing it off with country and blues guitar solo. The lyrics has many  layers of meaning:    1. As a paen to jazz players who are under  appreciated and yet play for the love music;    2. As a celebration of life  and freedom when one accepts and enjoys one's fate and love without regard  for what other people think; The instrumentation is so interesting - how  one instrument's sound anticipates another. Listen to this several times  and each time concentrate on different instrument and you will enjoy this  song even more. This was their best effort without question. This is still  under appreciated by general public and most critics.
B000002UAR|5.0|Uhh, this is really great, but everyone seems to think that it was the  breakthrough CD for the Beatles-that is, the one that moved from Beatles  era 1 to 2.  But it was actually Norwegian Wood on Rubber Soul, released a  year earlier, that was the turning for the Beatles.
B000002LQR|5.0|Blood... a fluid that carries nourishment and oxygen to all parts of the  body.<br />Sugar... a sweet, white crystal.<br />Sex... a sexually motivated  phenomena or behaviour.<br />Magik... supernatural power over natural  forces.<br />Hmm, a self-reviewing album title.  Like the four elements  (earth, wind, fire, and water), the title of this album perfectly  encompasses all that lies within it.<br />The blood speaks to the power of the  funk; a force that (as George Clinton says) not only moves, but removes.   The tight syncopated grooves put forth by these musicians are definitely  life enhancing.  There was a period last year when this album stayed in my  CD player for months and months. I'd never get tired of listening to it, or  dancing to it, or mellowing out to it.  Check out &quot;Power of  Equality&quot;, &quot;If You Have to Ask&quot;, &quot;Funky Monks&quot;,  &quot;Mellowship Slinky&quot; and &quot;Apache Rose Peacock&quot; for real  hardcore funk that moves from vivacious party jams, to laid back slow  burning grooves.<br />The sugar speaks to the incredibly simple yet beautiful  pop songs that ease into the mix every once in a while.  &quot;I Could Have  Lied&quot;, &quot;Breaking the Girl&quot;, and even the more uptempo  &quot;My Lovely Man&quot; (about the late Chili guitarist Hillel Slovak)  are great examples of this.  And then of course there's &quot;Under the  Bridge&quot;, a song whose power is so awe-inspiring that I played it in my  room over and over even at the height of its popularity (those who know of  my iconoclastic tastes can testify that this is a remarkable feat).  It  ranks as one of my all-time favourite 'songs'.<br />The sex refers to the  primal energies that flow through the entire album.  The Chilis have said  that their songs are formed through intense jam sessions, the four packed  together in a darkened room and playing together until they reach a  Zen-like state.  They have this innate power to tap into that collective  sexual energy (conception) and produce something new and beautiful (birth).   I can't think of anything more sexual than that.<br />The magik refers to the  interplay between John Frusciante (guitar) and Flea (bass).  I've always  thought that when I reach the Pearly Gates, I'd like to look off to one  side and see John and Flea, shirtless, standing face-to-face, holding  guitars and looking into each other's eyes.  They'd be playing the most  beautiful and soulful and satisfying and magical tune that my ears have  ever heard.  They have a great musical partnership.  It saddened me deeply  when I first heard that John had left the group (especially since I was  just about to seem them live for the first time; I'm ecstatic he's back).   He and Flea, two musicians who are fantastic on their own, form a tandem  that I can listen to for hours.<br />This album has been a constant for me  over the last nine years.  It is safe to say that it will always be on my  top-5 desert island list.  There is not a down moment over its seventy-plus  minutes (except maybe the Robert Johnson cover of &quot;They're Red  Hot&quot;, which is a little too hardcore-punkish for my liking; but I can  easily overlook that because it's barely a minute long).  Enjoy...
B00000JCB2|1.0|what do you call this? i broght the album cause i thought it was good,  since break stuff and re-arranged sounded cool and n 2geter now had a  catchy tune, so the album sould be good right? WRONG! this album is the  WORST album i own. yes break stuff and re-arranged still are ok, but n 2  gether now got old fast. the rest of the songs are something that's not  rock, not hip hop, not pop, just something that is NOT music. guess what,  do your self a favor and download break stuff on napster or something, and  if you dont like the downloading stuff buy the cd single of break stuff, i  think its out, cause break stuff is the only good song in the whole album.  but if you think what i'm writing is NOT most dependible and still want to  buy significant other ask a friend if you could borrow the album and ask  your brother if you could borrow any nine inch nails, smashing pumpkins, or  nirvana album.  then first listen to the album your borrowing from your  brother, right after that listen to limp biskit. then you'll know whats  good and whats bad.
B000031XCR|5.0|All the Way is essential for anyone who loves Celine Dion.The hits are  here,(The Power Of Love,Beauty and the Beast)as well as some powerful new  tracks.(That's The Way It Is,I Want You To Need Me)The essential Celine  Dion CD,if you ask me.
B00004Y635|2.0|Seeing how scream was one of the greatest movies of my time, any movie following it's footsteps will be decent.  Scream 2 was a sad and hurried  attempt to cash in on scream 1.  The same does not apply to scream 3.  In  scream 3 the overall ranking is better than scream 2, but it does not even  come close to scream 1.  Scream 3 has it's moments, and a decent(but corny)  ending.  Actually the whole movie is corny, scary, kinda funny and worth  buying if you like the first one.
6304779356|4.0|When this movie came out in the eighties, I dont think many people  realized that it would become a classic film from that decade. Its not just  a good vampire movie, its a good movie...period.<br />Jason patric and Corey  Haim are brothers whos mother has moved them to be with their grandfather.  Their new home is Santa Clara,  otherwise known as the murder capital of  the world.  While there the older brother Michael (Patrick) meets a gang of  teenagers who just happen to be vampires responsible for most of the  murders. The younger brother Sam (Corey Haim) runs into a couple of self  professed vampire killers. The fact that they are twelve doesnt douse their  intensity. Michael appears to be on his way to becoming a vampire and the  only way to stop it from happening is to kill the head vampire (The  identity of which is revealed at the climax of the movie)<br />The movie flows  nicely with a good script. The acting is good, the effects are good, the  music is great. The humor throughout the movie adds some chuckles without  forcing it. It all gels together into the best vampire movie I have ever  seen. (My humble opinion). <br />The movie is one of my top ten favorites, but  I was a little dissapointed with the DVD. There are very few extras, just a  trailer and some production notes. Still worth adding to your DVD  collection, but I have my fingers crossed for a collector's edition.
B000002U9Y|4.0|Early 1968 was a bad time for the Pink Floyd, the darlings of the London  underground. Coming off a whirlwind of Britain with the Jimi Hendrix  Experience, Amen Corner, and a host of other bands, the Floyd were tired-  and more than a little concerned about their guitarist and visionary  leader, Roger &quot;Syd&quot; Barrett. He had become erratic, to say the  least- playing tunes on stage that differed than what the band played;  sometimes he didn't play at all and the band laboured on..Syd was a  concern...<br />David Gilmour of the Joker's Wild, a childhood friend of  Barrett's was approached to join the band in late '67; he did in early  '68..the band decided that Barrett could write tunes (the resident Brian  Wilson) while Gilmour played with them live...it was an uneasy situation;  one that led to Barrett's unceremonious ousting.<br />Amidst this inner  turmoil came the Floyd's sophomore effort, &quot;A Saucerful of  Secrets.&quot; This lp is a difficult one to guage due to the monumental  changes occurring in the band. Unlike their amazingly groundbreaking debut  lp &quot;Piper at the Gates of Dawn,&quot; where he wrote all but 1 song,  Barrett offered only 1 contribution to Saucerful..Roger Waters and Rick  Wright penned the rest of the tunes...at moments the songs are weak and  showed the 2 newcomers to the writing game as the novices they were..but a  few were amazing, too.<br />Waters' contributions range from the silly, inane  &quot;Corporal Clegg&quot; (foreshadowing Waters' later obsessions with  war, his fathers' death and the like)to absolute gems like &quot;Let There  Be More Light,&quot; and the most astoundingly spaced out track on the lp:  &quot;Set the Controls for the Heart of the Sun,&quot; arguably among  Waters' greatest achievements ever, and among the small handful of Waters'  tunes I care for<br />Wright, who later proved that his songwriting skills  were always subpar, showcases his psychedelic silliness penchant with the  loopy &quot;Remember a Day,&quot; a throwaway from the &quot;Piper&quot;  sessions, and features Barrett, in a rare appearance, playing his signature  glissando guitar style. &quot;See-Saw,&quot; Wright's other credit, can  also be dismissed as a product of the times.<br />The lp's title track is  based on experimentation revolving around a Nick Mason drum loop, climaxing  into a beautiful Wright organ coda that would be the basis of another freak  out lp- Tangerine Dream's orgasmic debut lp &quot;Electronic  Meditation.&quot;. The coda, which showcased church-like vocal stylings by  Gilmour, Waters, and Wright, is a highlight of the lp.<br />The lp closes with  Syd Barrett's lone contribution, the intensely personal and scizophrenic  &quot;Jugband Blues,&quot; which had been written several months earlier.  Whether Barrett knew and sang about his psychological demise on this track  is a matter of conjecture, but the track is eerily powerful, with Barrett's  musings of &quot;what exactly is a dream, and what exactly is a joke?&quot;  an ironic ending to his tenure with the band he created. An uncannily  direct probe by a disturbed young man.<br />This lp will stir debate among the  2 Floyd camps. The Barrett camp (to which I belong) will argue that the  lack of Syd weakened the lp and highlighted just how lost the band was  without his leadership. The rest of the Floydians dismiss the lp as  psychedelic lunacy. After all, &quot;Dark Side of the Moon&quot; is when  Floyd started for most of their fans. <br />Both camps are wrong.<br />This lp  was an important first step for the post-Syd band to make- it led directly  to Ummagumma, (the last purely experimental work that they did, and for me,  the last Floyd lp worth listening to) Atom Heart Mother, and down that  slippery slope that ended with dark Side of the Moon and the increasingly  insipid lps that made after that. Saucerful is important listening for the  majority of Floyd fans who feel that Dark Side is the end all be all.<br />To  say that the lp was weakened by a lack of Barrett, while in some ways very  true, is also an unfair statement to make. Syd couldn't have added to the  amazing beauty of &quot;Set the Controls for the Heart of the Sun.&quot; It  is a perfect track as is. And what Barrett did add to the lp (other that  Jugband Blues) wasn't earth shattering, and even clutters it  some.<br />&quot;Saucerful of Secrets&quot; needs to be listened to on its own  merits. &quot;Set the Controls&quot; is by far the best track on the lp,  and &quot;Let There Be More Light&quot; is also excellent. The rest of the  lp wavers some, but the roots of what the Floyd became, for better or  worse, show on this lp..<br />Highly recommended..get &quot;Piper at the Gates  of Dawn&quot; first, but keep &quot;Saucerful of secrets&quot; in mind..it  really IS better than given credit for.
B00003ZKSP|5.0|Slipknot came and rocked me for the first time a year ago. I was at  OZZfest '99 and once they came on stage im like &quot;WHAT THE HELL!&quot;  I was instantly a fan. That very same day after Slipknot wrapped up I  skipped the rest of OZZfest to go by the CD. I spent the rest of the day  listening to it over and over again and I still do after a year. So if yer  a fan of Pantera, Slayer, Cannibal Corpse,AMON AMARTH, or Factory 81 just  buy this eerie album.
B00004RFFU|5.0|I would just like to say that this movie, although different from the book  in some ways was faitful mostly and that although it breaks the mold of  most horror films it still can send a chill up your spine.
B000002H6C|4.0|This album could have been alot better, if it wasn't for the poor  production of the album.If it wasn't for the amazing guitar solos James and  Kirk would have to struggle to make themeselves heard because Lars steals  the show with his powerful drumming. Any metal fan who doesen't own this  album has something wrong with them! BEST TRACKS:Blackend&amp;Frayed ends  of sanity
B00003CWTI|2.0|&quot;Magnolia&quot; is a film that I greeted with high expectations --  anyone who has seen P.T. Anderson's first film, &quot;Hard Eight&quot; -- a  brilliant, tight little thriller -- understands my sentiments. But I  literally could not sit through this in a theatre, and forced myself to  watch the ending months later, on video. I've seen over 2,500 films in my  life, and &quot;Magnolia&quot; is the only movie I've ever walked out of...  for several reasons.<br />First, although Anderson clearly aspires to be an  auteur in the mode of the masters (Fellini, Bergman, Kubrick, Fosse, etc.)  he demonstrates no sense of the aesthetic orchestration that became so  essential in the works of his predecessors. For instance, if one looks at  Bergman's &quot;Persona,&quot; one will see that every piece of dialogue,  every camera movement, every sound, and every physical movement (of the  actors) has a definite purpose and adds to an overall aesthetic in the  film. Yet Anderson's movement is helter skelter... as the opening sequence  reveals. The camera whips in and out, speed zooms, trucks around  frantically, and pans from side to side. The result is completely anarchic  and nauseating. Anderson demonstrates no control and no consistent  orchestration. Like Scorsese, he seems fascinated with aesthetic for  aesthetic's sake.<br />Second, the characters are, quite simply, much too  similar, in actions and dialogue; every character has a broken life, and  every character has at least one major vice (sometimes, several). As a  result, most of the characters are completely interchangeable, and all  tonal control is lost (forty-five minutes into the picture, I didn't care  about ANY of the individuals on screen). The Southern California dialogue  is consistently filthy and indistinguishable from person to person... f---  this and c--- that... it becomes exhausting to listen to the gutter  language. Granted, I'm not objecting to profanity *per se*, but I am  objecting to a set ofcharacters who all have the same rhythm and all use  the same expletives, regardless of psychological makeup or background. The  Coen Bros.' &quot;Fargo&quot; is a remarkable example of a film that dealt  with seriously disturbed characters, yet created a unique rhythm for each  one.<br />&quot;Magnolia&quot; is often compared to Robert Altman's  far-superior &quot;Short Cuts&quot; (1993) because of its similar  structure, but the beauty of Altman's film is that it provides a synthesis  of many moods, from black comedy to tearjerking drama to tragicomedy, to  (in the case of Lori Singer's suicide) pure tragedy. But the mood in  &quot;Magnolia&quot; never wavers -- it remains consistently dour and  depressing -- from the Frank T.J. Mackey Sex Guru subplot to the subplot  involving &quot;grown-up whiz kid&quot; Donnie Smith. When the uniformity  of mood is coupled with a running time of three-and-a-half hours, the film  could pose a serious problem for some viewers.  <br />And much has been  mentioned about the film's bizarre final sequence. Let it be said that not  since Mike Sarne's &quot;Joanna&quot; (1968) has a film repeatedly defied  its own logical fabric. Here, the shifts occur in two major instances: 1)  When the characters suddenly burst into song, and 2) During the rain of  frogs. Another general rule of filmmaking is that anything can happen in a  movie, as long as the basic logical fabric is established within the first  10-15 minutes. Perhaps that's the reason I found it so difficult to accept  the major logical twists.. because the earliest sequences of the film did  nothing to prepare the audience for the bizarre and unexpected events to  follow.<br />The great thing about film (or any art form, for that matter) is  its complete subjectivity. I loathed and detested this movie, and regard  the sex guru scenes (in particular) as some of the most upsetting moments  ever dramatized on film. Yet I've talked to countless people who insist  that they've watched &quot;Magnolia&quot; four and five and six and ten  times, and that every time they watch it, they learn something new -- one  of my friends even insists that &quot;Magnolia&quot; convinced him to  pursue a career in the ministry! Who can argue with that? I find it  impossible to take a positive viewpoint about this movie, but opinion seems  to vary from person to person. In any case, watch at your own risk.
6305428042|3.0|I enjoyed this movie because it had a nice variety of humor to the  Halloween movie.  Disney did a GREAT job with this one. I just wish it  would come out on DVD.
B000001EGA|4.0|Elton and Bernie took artistic advantage of their outrageous popularity by  writing and producing an album that was essentially autobiographical,  exorcising a few of their own demons along the way.  The remarkable thing  is that it emerged as immensely commercial as well; the conceit paid off.   The opening tune is easily one of the more interesting songs by the duo;  Someone Saved My Life is moving and intensely melodic, if a bit  self-involved.  My favorite song is Writing, which somehow conveys the  breezy joy in the creative process.  Again, it is disconcerting to include  songs not meant to be part of the concept (Phil. Freedom, etc.)
B00000490M|4.0|In this movie Manncio plays the part as Daniel Laruso. In the beginning Daniel meets this very attractive girl named Ali(Pat Motina).  Also Daniel  had a problem with Lawrence Ali's ex-boyfriend and his Kobra-kais. the  teacher in this movie is a very strict guy his saying is &quot;First hit,  hard hit, and no mercy&quot;. This &quot;gang&quot; tries to ruin his life  until Maccnio meets up with Miyagi a handy man at his Apartments. When  Miyagi saves Daniel from one of their beatings Daniel asks him why he  didn't tell him earlier that he knew Karate. Daniel asks him if he could  teach him the art of karate. Miyagi teaches Daniel(Manncio) the art of  Karate. Daniel learns a very special move called the &quot;Krane&quot;.  Miyagi teaches him by the method &quot;Wax on Wax off&quot; and &quot;Paint  the Fence&quot;. In addition to this Miyagi teaches him how to keep his  balance, how to punch, and also to kick. Then, the fight is on. In the  competition Daniel goes through everybody and then faces Lawrence for  the<br />championship. The &quot;Krane&quot; proved to be helpful in this  match with Lawrence but Daniel is still sucsessful. Daniel uses Karate  against the Lawrence to beat him at his own game. For people who like  Karate this would be a very interesting movie. I would give it three thumbs  up. (If I had three.)
B00000JCOV|5.0|Slipknot is the best CD I have ever gotten.  This is the first CD i got  that wasn't country.  It was worth every penny.  I love the way  &quot;Surfacing&quot; talks about not caring about what other people think  and to take them as they are.  I'm sure anyone who gets this CD will love  it.
0767802624|5.0|This is simply one of the finest quality DVD productions I have seen. Even  the menus are creatively assembled, organized and presented.<br />There are  plenty of behind the scenes interviews with Director, Sonnenfeld, as well  as Jones &amp; Smith, special effects wizard, Rick Baker and on and on.  There are numerous filmclips of unused footage, special effects takes and  re-takes, including blue screen images. You even get the music video  featuring Will and &quot;Mikey.&quot;<br />For anyone who's seen MiB and  enjoyed it as I have, this DVD is a marvelous addition to your collection.  I would actually rate the DVD quality and value as &quot;5&quot; stars and  the film itself as &quot;4 1/2&quot; stars.<br />By any standards, don't miss  this one!
630518299X|5.0|This movie is the best that I've seen in a long time - mostly because on  each subsequent viewing I have discovered more about it.  Unlike many  reviewers, I even enjoyed the start - the music actually brought a lump to  my throat in a way that no other movie has!  My favourite element of the  film?  Probably the symbolism, and the names - Meryl (Streep), Marlon  (Brando), Angela (Lansbury), Vivien (Leigh)...they were all wonderful!  My  favourite character was the 'god' Christof, and I must comment on the  wonderful music, which never failed to set the scene.<br />This movie has its  roots deep in ethical issues, and as I type this I'm not sure whether there  are cameras in this room tracking my every movement - not a film to be  taken lightly.
0780624890|5.0|The movie Blade, starring Wesley Snipes and Stephen Dorff, was a wonderful  story of a half human, half vampire(Wesley Snipes), who would go out and  hunt all the vampires. He was trying to kill the vampire that had sucked  from his mother and basically made him what he was.  Deacan Frost(Stephen  Dorff) was, as you could say, a ruthless vampire who wanted to take over  the vampire world and make it his own.  Blade therefore is always after  him.  In the ultimate fight of good and evil, Snipes is forced to go one on  one with Dorff to protect both worlds. <br />This is a wonderful movie because  it shows how the worlds of good and evil can collide and make a big boom  without making the movie too simple but with out all the over exaggeration  that it could have had.  So, therefore, even with all the violence, though  it was not that violent, you got the point that the major fight of the  century was going on and that just made it really good in my opinion.<br />If  this movie could have been better, which I don't think it could have really  been, the woman that falls into his world could have at least been in the  ever after of the outcome.
B00000IQC8|5.0|This movie shows that you don't need Steven Spielberg or Quentin Tarantino  to make a great movie. Kevin Smith writes about what he knows, North Jersey  and the characters that live there. Because he keeps the dialogue so  authentic is why it succeeds.  B&amp;W is perfect for this film because in  comparison to the glamorous life of the Hollywood movies that is what life  is like in his world.  If you liked the banter of Mallrats and Chasing Amy  but want to see the real Kevin Smith, BUY THIS MOVIE.
B000002UB3|5.0|Is there any doubt that this is the best Beatles album?  I would argue  that not only is it their best, but that Abbey Road is the best album of  any artist ever! (I would rate Elton John's Goodbye Yellow Brick Road and  Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon as notables.) Each song blends  majestically and flawlessly  into the next.  And what en ending. Thirty  years later I still consider it a mainstay in my collection and listen to  it frequently- a true mark of a great album- you seldom tire from playing  it over and over again. This album is truly a masterpiece.
B00004THAY|5.0|To Eric and B.B.King<br />I have your CD and it is absulutley superb and I  love no.4 (I wan't to marry you) perfect intro and Eric I have a visual  dictionary of your life with 'the Yardbirds' and John Mayall. I love your  music and I think you are really cool.<br />From your Faithful Musician<br />SAM  DOWLING<br />P.S   I would really like to meet both of you in Australia if you  ever come out.         I am only 13 and I wouldlike to learn from the  masters.<br />also I am John Dowlings son. THANK YOU
B000002MG1|5.0|This is the pinnacle of the band's achievements and this cannot be  disputed. REM has come a long way since the early days of college music and  Michael Stipe having mustard in his hair. If the enormous success of Out of  Time didn't establish them as one of the greatest bands of the 80's &amp;  90's, this album leaves absolutely no doubt about that!<br />REM tones things  down on this masterpiece and makes wide ranging social commentary.  &quot;Drive&quot; starts by instucting voters not to get  &quot;Bushwhacked&quot; in the line &quot;smack, crack, bushwhacked, tie  another one to the rack, baby&quot;. The hauntingly beautiful  &quot;Everybody Hurts&quot; has won numerous MTv awards and these are all  justified. Many critics believe that this suicide ballad is very  depressing, but upon closer inspection it is in fact an incredibly  uplifting song. &quot;Take comfort in your friends&quot; and &quot;you are  not alone&quot; shows that there is hope and solice to be found in those  around us. &quot;Try not to Breathe&quot; is often refered to as commenting  on euthanasia and Dr. Death's practises. &quot;monty got a Raw Deal&quot;  discusses the life and career of actor Montgomery Cliff and the happenings  during his life. The legendary Andy Kaufman is immortalised in the track  &quot;Man on the Moon&quot; and later in the movie by the same name. the  orchestral arrangement on &quot;Nightswimming&quot; is breathtaking while  the final track &quot;Find the River&quot; leaves us a hope-filled final  line:&quot;All of this is coming your way&quot;. <br />Comparisons will always  be made. It is important not to make this comparison according to sales  figures, but based on the contribution that an album makes to the industry.  This album's value cannot be underestimated. It has severed as inspiration  to artists like the late Kurt Cobain, Counting Crows and Live. Some have  gone as far as to compare it favourable to the Beatles &quot;Sgt.  Pepper's&quot;. <br />This isa must have album, not only to fans of the band,  but to lovers of exceptional music.
0345377370|5.0|And I mean it, I'm a spy buff and have read a lot of them, ranging from  the best to the worst and this is amongst the best!  It's a story about a  British spy runner, Alec Leamas, who takes care of all the defectors from  the other side of the Berlin Wall but when his agents start getting found  out and killed one by one(by the head of the Abteilung, Fiedler) his boss  sends him to the other side of the Wall to play a disgraced spy who wants  to defect but who's real motive is to cause havoc in the Abteilung!  From  that moment begins the greatest quest for the truth in spy fiction history!      Le Carre is a true master of suspense, take my word for it, you won't  even get till the ending!     Deserves 5 stars!
B000002LFU|4.0|This is another exceptional album by an exceptional band. REM's uses this  album to build from the critically acclaimed and very successful  &quot;Document&quot; towards their most renowned works &quot;Out of  Time&quot; and &quot;Automatic for the People&quot;. This is evident in  their use of different instruments. In &quot;King of Birds&quot; on  &quot;Document&quot; we get a glimpse of this shift and are then giving a  good taste of things to come in &quot;You are the Everything&quot; and  &quot;World Leader Pretend&quot; on &quot;Green&quot;. The band's lyrical  genius is clear for all to appreciate in lines like &quot;This is my world  and I am a world leader pretend.This is my life and this is my time. I have  been given the freedom to do as I see fit. It's high time I razed the walls  that I've constructed&quot;. This album also shows the turmoil that is part  and parcel of rock stardom. Stipe wails &quot;Sometimes I feel like I can't  even sing&quot; in &quot;You are the Everything&quot;.<br />Although ythere  are well-known tracks such as Pop Song 89 and Stand on this album, I  believe that the magic of this album is in the lesser known songs like  those mentioned above. This is not merely an album for collectors, but will  have a worthy place in any CD collection.
0446608955|5.0|Everyone who ever breathed, should read this book. OK  - predictable but  wonderful.  I loved it. It is about life for all of us.
0060975768|5.0|If you're looking for a book on Vietnam that tells the story of the troops  on the ground and what it was like to fight in Southeast Asia this is  definitely it.  General Moore and Joseph Galloway have done a superb job  telling the story of the first large battle involving American troops in  Vietnam in the 1960s.  It is full of heroism, leadership, mistakes, and  hard fighting.  It reads like a novel, is definitely a page turner, and it  hits you part way through the book that you really are reading about young  men fighting for their lives of far away battlefields at distances where  you could throw rocks. Moore and Galloway are to be congratulated here for  they have told a tale of bravery, endurance, and fortitude that few authors  have been able to accomplish.  Unblooded American troops met and defeated a  skilled and determined enemy on his ground, though not without loss and  mistakes.  The bravery of the common soldier is unbelievable, as are the  conditions under which he was asked to fight. This book is highly  recommended and is one of the best this reviewer has ever read.  It is  accurate, well-written, and one of the best battle studies produced in a  very long time.
B000003BEV|5.0|After &quot;Beggar's Banguet&quot;, this is track-for-track The Rolling  Stones' best album.  &quot;You're joking, right?&quot;. No. The only  semi-weak cut on &quot;Satanic Majesties&quot; is the closer, &quot;On With  The Show&quot;, a harmless ditty with a pleasing melody and jokey  &quot;end-of-trip&quot; atmosphere like &quot;Something Happened To Me  Yesterday&quot; off the previous album.  But what precedes it is intense:  the kaleidoscope of sounds stays in the mind long, long after the record  has stopped playing.  Musically, it is by far The Stones' most progressive  and experimental album (let alone &quot;psychedelic&quot;), but what is of  particular note is how good the band are at a genre they claim to have been  uneasy with.  &quot;Sing This All Together&quot; is a mantra for the ages,  replete with rolling percussion effects; &quot;Citadel&quot; boasts one of  rock'n'roll's all-time great guitar riffs, bouyed by its glorious  &quot;Candy and Cathy&quot; chorus; &quot;In Another Land&quot; is a clever  dream-within-a-dream effort; &quot;2000 Man&quot; might have sounded  strange then but is 100% applicable now (and is probably the  earthiest  track in musical terms), the much maligned &quot;Sing This All Together  (See What Happens)&quot; is actually a *superb* jam which incorporates  electronic, Indian and middle eastern elements and climaxes in screams that  bring to mind a harrowing psychedelic version of the shower music from  &quot;Psycho&quot;; &quot;She's A Rainbow&quot;--the perfectly  orchestrated, wonderfully melodic psych-pop masterpiece; the pensive  &quot;Lantern&quot;, with its bluesy intro and distant, lonely horn calls;  the hypnotic &quot;Gomper&quot;, a monster of a track that starts with a  gorgeous fragment of a melody (&quot;by the lake with lily  flowers...&quot;) and then evolves into an intensely hypnotic  organ/flute/conga/guitar jam which sounds like Africans playing on Mars;  and finally, you're taken two thousand light years from home via Brian  Jones' mellotron and a fantastic maracas-shook rhythm that is at the heart  of all Rolling Stones classics.  It sounds like The Rolling Stones, and it  doesn't.  And none of it sounds like &quot;Sgt.Pepper&quot;.  I don't know  why some people don't like it. Everything here sounds loud, proud and made  for stereo.  In terms of the group's musical evolution it should have been  considered as important a step forward for them as &quot;Sgt.Pepper&quot;  was for The Beatles, but who knows what was going on to make people think  it was a &quot;Pepper&quot; rip-off??  If anything, it took the innovations  of its influence a step further, while for the most part keeping the  songwriting (ie. &quot;Citadel&quot;, &quot;She's A Rainbow&quot;,  &quot;2000 Light Years From Home&quot;) wonderfully intact.  At least the  group had the grace the play the latter two tracks in concert, now how  about &quot;Citadel&quot; or &quot;2000 Man&quot;?
6304414048|5.0|What words can be said that can truely express the genius of this movie?  Well, here's a go at it. Not only does this movie provide two hours of  amazing filmography, but the acting is astonishing. It's no wonder that  Nicolas Cage recieved best actor for his portrayal of the alcohol guzling  Ben. From many hidden religious symbols lurking in the background, to  an  all around wonderful and creative script this is a movie to watch again and  again. Any film goer that enjoys the intense realism and beautiful imagery  of Figgis will agree that this movie puts him right up there with Scorsese.  In short, this movie absolutley satisfied every movie expectation I could  ever have. WATCH THIS MOVIE!!!! You'll not be let down.
B000002JEV|5.0|I am only writing this brief review to make it clear that much more  archival live material like this should be released by Led Zeppelin in the  future.  After years of having the decent--but by Zeppelin standards,  highly mediocre--&quot;Song Remains The Same&quot; represent their magical  live aura, along comes this two-disc set of their BBC  work, including one  whole disc live in Paris from 1971. The first disc covers material from the  first two albums and is (not surprisingly) awesome.  The Paris set,  however, blows &quot;The Song Remains The Same&quot; out of the water and  at last gives the uninitiated a taste of what Zeppelin could be like on an  &quot;on&quot; night.  What is even more  astounding is that while this  show would easily rank in  a top five list of the greatest live albums ever  made, it is *still* slightly reserved compared to several other shows  available on boots.  &quot;Live At The BBC&quot; is an excellent start,  guys--now let's see something like The Grateful Dead's &quot;Dicks  Picks&quot; series follow it, OK?
B000002AP1|5.0|This is the most powerful album of all time! Even with the volume turned  down low it still blasts out of the speekers at an almost untolerable level  (esp. &quot;Your Pretty Face Is Going to Hell&quot;). This is the stuff the  laid the foundation for true to the word &quot;punk&quot; music, not that  Blink 182 crap you hear today. So buy the CD, turn it up loud and dance to  the beat of the living dead!
0679410503|5.0|I knew about Anne Rice, but I had never read any of her books before. I  read Interview With The Vampire, and I couldn't put it down! It's one of  the best books I've ever read. Now I'm reading the whole set. It was great!
0380730405|4.0|This book is one of the best I've read.  The description is brilliant, the  plot clever, and the voices of the characters realistic.  The only thing is  is that it isn't a book you can read over and over.
B00003CX6P|1.0|Okay, I just finished watching this movie, less than twenty minutes ago...   It gave me a serious headache, and the only suspense was when it would  end!!!<br />I selected this movie with such high expectations... The cast,  starring Matt Damon, Jude Law and Gwyneth Paltrow have all had very high  marks on their acting careers.  This will most definitely be one of those  movies that they will look back on years from now as 'one of the other  movies they starred in' as they would be nuts to claim this as one they are  proud of!<br />I guess I should have been tipped off by the director, Anthony  Minghella, who also directed 'The English Patient', which I considered a  very painful movie to watch.  That stated, I would have preferred to watch  a 'movie marathon' of the 'English Patient' for 24 hours than to watch this  movie once!  <br />The movie starts with such great promise... The costuming  and the scenery are magnificent.  However, even the very start with the  `jacket incident' began to grate on me.  As someone who works in a job  where dishonesty could cost someone their life, Ripley's deception is not  something that I find humor in.  Then, at the pier in Italy, and so on down  the line, his willingness to lie (and for no apparent reason) got onto my  nerves.<br />Dickie Greenleaf, played by Jude Law, does an accurate job of  portraying the `typical' wealthy, young, irresponsible expatriate.  As a  former expat myself, (though not in the `wealthy' or `irresponsible'  categories!) who lived in Europe, I have met many people like those  portrayed in the movie, and can identify with them and they way they  behave.<br />Dickie's summation of Ripley while in the motorboat is entirely  accurate- `a leech'.  Here is a young man, who seemed to have such promise  early on in the movie, but with the more you watch, the more you learn that  he is a very troubled individual, a psychotic, repressed, burden on all  those with whom he comes in contact.    <br />This movie very much reminded me  of  Dostoyevsky's book `Crime and Punishment', which drags you through the  mud of a criminal's consciousness and his guilt ridden mind. While has it's  merits as literature, and does have a redeeming ending, (much unlike this  movie) it is not the kind of book which most people would simply sit down  and read for `pleasure'.<br />Now you could have made a great movie about an  actually `talented' and honest Tom Ripley (by the way, I couldn't find any  talent which Mr. Ripley had a monopoly on in the movie, other than being a  psychopath...) who goes to Italy to bring back a wealthy New Yorker's wayward  son.  That would probably make a great movie, and the scenery would be just  as good! <br />Thinking of the scenery, if you want to watch this movie to see  the `quaint' Italian countryside, please do yourself a favor and buy a  ticket there!  I live in Japan and the cost of a flight to Italy would buy  a couple hundred copies of this movie, but would be worth it, in order to  avoid the pain of watching it! <br />Personally, I stopped the movie at about  two-thirds of the way through.  I could not stand to watch another minute  of it.  However, at the request of my wife, I did watch the last portion of  the movie, which really has even fewer redeeming qualities than the  beginning!    <br />If you enjoy dark, very psychological movies which pause  and make you think about the depravity of a man's condition, or perhaps  enjoy sticking bamboo shoots under your fingernails, this is a movie for  you.  However, if you are looking for something to watch that may be  enlightening, or at least somewhat interesting, take my word for it and go  watch another movie.
B000002KY8|5.0|Since &quot;Soft and Wet&quot;, I have been a huge Prince fan and I have  watched from the begining how he developed into the international   superstar that he is today.  Just about all of Prince's albums are  wonderful ,but 1999 is my favorite.  Prince was at his creative peak during  the period between Controversy and 1999.  1999 as a result captures Prince  at his best. 1999 is a tremendous mixture of funky beats, sexual innuendo,  and incedible imagery.  I especially like DMSR, Lady Cab Driver, Let's  Pretend We're Married, and of course Little Red Corvette. Prince is a  genius and the album justifys it.
B00004S361|5.0|FFF has always been and will always remain my favorite Stevie record.  Something clicks here that's on a higher level than everything else I've  heard from the man. There's a certain sweltering heat generated on it  that's almost tangible; it reminds me of reading comic books in Central  Park during a hot New York summer.<br />Stevie goes about as deep as you can  go into these melodies. It's damn near impossible to pull more feeling out  of these songs. I couldn't care less what the lyrics are, they're decent as  far as song lyrics go but as meaningless to me as most of Bob Marley's or  Marvin Gaye's (in fact I believe that &quot;Let's Get it On&quot; with its  mostly sexual lyrics is a much more political record than &quot;What's  Going On&quot; but not in a way that's immediately noticable); it's  Stevie's uniquely deep melodic sense and soulful singing that interests me.  That speaks volumes on its own and is a constant source of inspiration.
B00003CXA6|5.0|I think that Gettysburg is probably the best made movie ever! The storyline is great, the shots are perfect, and the acting is superb! I am a  Civil War Reenactor and I have seen this film 46 times, and it NEVER gets  old! I strongly suggest anyone who is interested in Civil War to buy this  tape!
B00000099Y|5.0|I got this album to check out why everybody loves Tool so much. A lot of  guys at my work constantly play &quot;stinkfist&quot; but I never really  heard the whole thing. When I first listened to the whole thing I didn't  know what to think. It is like Helmet meets NIN. Many of the songs like H.  I've heard before. Although this is a very good album I kind of feel that  Tool though a couple of tracks together just to finish the album. I mean  whats with &quot;intermission&quot;? But there are a lot of differant  emotions mixed on this album. Stinkfist is always going to be a classic and  the long and complex &quot;third eye&quot; is almost scary. Most of the  songs are treated with with the trademark Tool sound to them. They start  off slow are progress into nightmare-ish alterna-metal and the vocals  instead of taking charge of the song sort of are like a carpet to the song,  calmly following the song's pace. That can be looked at as a good or bad  thing. &quot;H&quot; is a pretty good track but it dosn't really ever go  anywhere, it just kind of keeps progressing and getting louder and softer,  while you want it to break away into a full-throttle metal song like  &quot;stinkfist&quot;. This disc does have its ups and downs and can't  really be recommended to anybody completly that dosn't know who they are.  But you have to admit that this is a very interesting, very stange brand of  metal. Its everything Tool is good for and most of there best songs are  here. <br />P.S. Check out the hologram of the band on the couch in the  booklet. But its kind of gross.
B00004THAY|5.0|I've been a Clapton fan from the beginning and buy all his albums pretty  much assured I'm going to like them.  This was no exception.  Restrained  and matured, what it lacks in youthful fire it makes up in musical  maturity.  B.B. King's voice is pretty wobbly on high notes (esp. in the  last track, I'm Gonna Love You, which I first heard sung by Sophie  Tucker!)but Clapton's pure tenor voice and guitar and the gruffer King  makes for a nice blend. You can always tell who's who in guitar and  identifying while listening makes it doubly pleasant.  Accompanying  musicians are unobtrusive, adding without overpowering the sound.  It's a  sitting on the porch, PURE, jam session.  ENJOY!
B0000028M7|4.0|I hope that people will buy this album.  I just started listening to Alice  in Chains, because I like my music depressing.  And Alice in Chains gave  that to me.  Of course, &quot;Dirt&quot; contains the hit  &quot;Rooster&quot;, which is a great little song.  The rest of the album  rocks like a combination of Metallica and Pearl Jam.  Some songs are weaker  than others, but overall it's an album worth buying.  &quot;Rooster&quot;,  &quot;Them Bones&quot;, and &quot;Hate to Feel&quot; are the best songs on  it.
B00000612Q|4.0|This may very well be the last good Rod Stewart album ever made in his  long and creative career. &quot;Never A Dull Moment,&quot; Ron Woods last  apperance on a Rod Stewart album, is a record with the same great songs as  on previous releases, but shows a band in turmoil. Yet at the same time,  the rift in the group makes for great song material and intense lyrics. As  usual, many of the tracks are accustic but far from tiresome! This cd gets  better and better everytime i play it and will definately be a welcome  addition to any music lovers collection.
B000021XR5|4.0|&quot;Sour Girl&quot; really turned me off of this album when it first  came out, but I decided to give it a try anyway.  I must tell you, I was  pleased.<br />The album's mostly grunge, which I love.  In fact, there are  seven great songs and three bad ones, with only one that's so-so.   &quot;Down&quot; and &quot;Sex and Violence&quot; are the best songs; they  are thundering rockers that will remind you of &quot;Core&quot;.   &quot;Heaven and Hot Rods&quot;, &quot;Pruno&quot;, &quot;No Way Out&quot;,  and &quot;MC5&quot; are all great rockers as well.  Weiland's voice sounds  different some times, but the music remains awesome.  &quot;Church on  Tuesday&quot; is a mix of alternative and oldies, and it's a great song as  well.<br />&quot;Glide&quot; is only a so-so song- it's relatively  nondescript.  The three other songs are horrible.  &quot;Atlanta&quot; is  almost listenable, but make sure you skip &quot;Sour Girl&quot; and &quot;I  Got You&quot;.  Hopefully, STP will avoid these kinds of songs in the  future.<br />All casual Stone Temple Pilots fans should like &quot;No.  4&quot;, and fanatics should definetely get it.  It's a collection of their  three previos albums, and it rocks hard, at least most of the time.  This  is a worthy purchase
B00000JZIK|3.0|So far in all of the reviews, nobody has mentioned that the basic idea is  obviously inspired by Isaac Asimov's Foundation trilogy-- it contains a  mysterious character that no one has actually seen, but turns out you knew  who it was all along. Like when a band covers a song, everybody thinks they  wrote it. But I shouldn't be too hard on it, all good ideas come from  somewhere, the author of this screenplay, Christopher MacQuarrie, just got  to it first is all.     In this case, in order for a complex idea to appeal  to a mass audience, they had to dummy it down into a crime picture full of  empty hoodlums. Gabriel Byrne would have been a believable Keiser Soze  simply because he was the only interesting character, the natural leader of  the group; for that he made the least likely Soze. I should have figured  out the ending sooner, I just didn't expect that this wonderful idea would  be wasted on this shallow, unnecessarily violent film. I don't cringe at  movie violence, but when it's done &quot;well&quot;, like in Goodfellas or  Pulp Fiction, I do get a little shiver down my spine, thankful that I'm  only watching it and not in the room with these people. This film has none  of the tension, just one bloody scene after another.       People who are  amazed at the ending probably don't realize that it's been done before.  Years after reading Foundation, I still feel a sense of wonder at its  twists and clever manipulation. After watching the Usual Suspects, I threw  my hands in the air and went to bed, knowing it's going to spoil it for  anything that tries to use this idea later, disappointed that people might  think this film is a one-of-a-kind original. Just had to clear the air.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|I was initially skeptical of Fiona Apple's talent when her first album was  released, until I heard it.  Tidal quickly became one of my all-time  favorites, so when When the Pawn... came out I expected more of the same.   I was blown away when I heard the CD and it was all I listened to for about  a month.  The lyrics and performance are filled with more raw emotion than  99% of anything being played on the radio, and it's a shame that more  stations don't play them.  As for her image, it's refreshing that Fiona  Apple cares more about writing and performing quality music than looking  and acting the part of a pop star.  When the Pawn... is a truly unique  album that will leave listeners begging for an equally amazing follow-up.
B00003CXB6|1.0|At least he isn't going to further soil his reputation...<br />But, why did Steven considering making this film? Though his fantasy films are usually  more style than substance, this film is neither. The effects are  impressive, yes, but this film is just plain awful. Two hours where 15  minute would have been more than enough. Any and all questions were  answered the first time. And even the effects here really aren't any better  than the 1st JP film.<br />In the end, this film has no need to be out, get  the first Jurassic Park, it's good mindless fun and pretty much filler  free.
0553278355|4.0|Sylvia  Plath , is  the  most  realistic  writer  I've  ever  read. I   know  everybody  loves  fantasy , but  sometimes, we  all  just  want  to   curl  up  and  read  books  that  will  make  us  feel. Like  this  one.  She  words  things  really  well. I  think  this  book  makes  people  feel   better  for  some  reason. I  would read  it,it's  g ood!
B00003CXAQ|5.0|All three of the Indiana Jones Movies are Magnificent; nothing else describes them better.
B000002C2E|5.0|This is Dylans best since &quot;Blonde on blonde&quot;, the first track  &quot;love sick&quot; finds that thin wild mercury sound that only Dylan  can do.
B00002DESX|5.0|This album is a straightforward, succinct, turbo-charged,  aggressive, heavy, sometimes poppy, three chord surf and rock music.  An unprecedentedly perfect musical expression of punk attitude, effectively conveyed without cuss words.  The experience of listening to this album gets increasingly rich  with each successive listen.
0671027344|5.0|i began reading this book last december, my freshman year of high school. i finished it in two days. i honestly could not put it down, i have since  read it at least four more times. each time i read it, it gets better.  charlie's experiences helped me understand the politics of high school a  little better and appreciate my friends a little more. he seems to have  this untainted outlook on life that we all wish we had. he is able to see  the good in almost everyone, or maybe he's just able to block out the bad.  in any case he is a character that everyone can relate to and understand  completely, even though not everyone has had the experiences he has. he  makes you appreciate things a bit more, and see the world a little more  innocently. steven chbosky has done a wonderful job of creating an  emotional rollercoaster of a book. you don't have to be an outsider to love  this book. it's just wonderful.
B000002JB3|3.0|this is not really a review i would like more information regarding the  song written by mickela odone and what the song really means.  My son who  is 4 now was diagnosed with adrenoleukodystrophy in november last year at  the age of three.<br />I would love to know more about the song.  I know  mickela has passed away and I hope that i can continue the search and love  for my children who are both affected with this disease so that i may enjoy  them in a healthy state for a lifetime.<br />Mickela thank you for all your  hard work and care for lorenzo i know how tough this can be.<br />Jamie Balow,  mother of an ALD child.
0790749815|5.0|No introduction required for this one: Alfred Hitchcock's is one of the  most popular classic of all time, and it certainly deserves to be so.   Watching NORTH BY NORTHWEST is a pure joy of cinema. It's thrilling,  exciting and hilarious. You just get carried away with the master's perfect  art of storytelling.<br />Many critics tried to &quot;decode&quot; the deeper  meaning of this  film in a vain effort to &quot;intellectualize&quot;  Hitch's art. But the point is: there are really no serious message or  psychological which understanding is vital to understand the film (which is  quite the contrary from VERTIGO, his previous film, and PSYCHO, the one he  made right after this one).  The best way to understand this particular  film is to just enjoy it. And boy, how enjoyable this movie is!<br />The new  deluxe collector's edition DVD offers, first of all, a solid good transfer.  I must congratulate MGM for keeping such a good care of the original  elements. Unlike VERTIGO for which a lot of restoration works was required  (and the end result still has some unrepairable deteriorations, even though  it generally looks far better than how VERTIGO used to look for the last 17  years or so), NORTH BY NORTHWEST is preserved very well. This DVD  represents the magnificence of the original VISTAVISON/IB-TECHNICOLOR  images quite faithfully. The images are crisp-sharp  (one great virtue of  this now almost extinct process) and the colors are vibrant, deeply  saturated and very rich. However, some of the rear-projection process shots  (for examples, exteriors seen through a moving car window) look a bit faded  and need a little work to be done. But don't worry, the final Mount  Rushmore is transfered superbly, with all the miniature works, back-drop  paintings, matpaintings  and process shots are intact and are so effective.  In fact, when properly done, the old techniques look as good as the recent  digital CGI effects, maybe better.<br />I'm not quite sure about the Dolby5-1  stereo because the film must have been made originally with a Mono  soundtrack (or 3 channels Perspecta stereo), but at least it doesn't have  the awful redone foley job which sounded quite ugly on the restored  VERTIGO, so we can say it stays more faithful to what Hitch intended. Plus,  I have to admit the new soundtrack REALLY brings out the magnificent  orchestration of Bernard Herrmann's beautifully composed score!   <br />Herrmann was one of the very few film composer who did his own  orchestration. He was an uncompromised artist.  By the way, you can enjoy  the richness of the score with the music-only track as well.<br />An added  enjoyment is the original theatrical trailer featuring Mr.Hitchcock  himself, which was not on the previous LD release.<br />The DVD also features  a good documentary about the making of the film which, unlike a  conventional featurette where the filmmakers and the actors are just  glorified in a phony promotional manner, really tells you about how a movie  was made in those days. It even tells you how Cary Grant charged 15 cents  to every autograph he gave to the fans! Unfortunately, Hitch himself is no  longer with us to give a commentary for DVD fans, but the writer Ernest  Lehman (also known for the screen adaptations of WEST SIDE STORY and THE  SOUND OF MUSIC) tells about how he wrote this original screenplay and  cleverly points out the subtle intelligence in Hitch's masterful direction.  Critics and scholars (including myself, I must admit) often talk only about  big scenes and flashy camera works which catch your eyes at the first  moment you see them, but Lehman made me think how subtle a director's  genius is, and that makes the whole difference from all the poorly made  films that we see so often in the thriller genre today.
B000002JB3|5.0|When I first listened to the album, I thought it was a very varied album,  with very few or none songs of hit potential. I have listened to it over  and over again and I have to say it's  among Phil's best albums. I can't  say which songs are the best on this album, which is a quality sign (if the  album is worth listening too).  Some days I like songs like: &quot;Love  police&quot;, &quot;The same moon&quot;, &quot;That's what you said&quot;.  At other times it's songs like: &quot;Wear my hat&quot;, &quot;Oughta know  by now&quot; and &quot;Just another story&quot; i like listening to. There  are very few weak spots, but in my opinion the weakest songs on this album  are: &quot;River so wide&quot;, &quot;Times are a-changin&quot; and  &quot;No matter who&quot;. Overall this pop album is excellent quality,  uptempo, varied and with very positive songs, which will never never  produce hits like &quot;Another day in paradise&quot;. But who gives a s...  when the quality is so high all around and it's songs you can listen to for  ages.
B00003CX95|5.0|This is truly a masterpiece.  From beginning to end, this is an  entertaining film about one of the greatest heroes in history. While some  people complain that this isn't an historically accurate movie, that is not  the focus of this movie, it is not a documentary.  This movie tells the  story of a man who in the face of adversity and tyranny chose to challenge  the oppressors and fight for the freedom of his country.  This movie truly  depicts the power of the human spirit.<BR><BR> As for the quality of the  movie itself, the acting was great and well played, the cinematography was  superb, the directing was perfect and the battle scenes are breathtaking,  comparable to Saving Private Ryan.<BR><BR> Please disregard brain-dead  reviews like that one that says &quot;Overrated!&quot; (press CTRL+F to  find it, its from September 3). People like him are the type that might  consider Will Smith in &quot;Independence Day&quot; as a true freedom  fighter. People that critisize Braveheart as one that depicts the English  as savages are in need of a history lesson.  While I don't mean to  disrespect the brits, history itself has shown that when countries fought  for freedom, they did it so they could free themselves from oppressors.  Such a way to fight for freedom is called a cry of justice and not  terrorism as some of them think.<BR><BR> A movie about Simon Bolivar  fighting Spain for freedom would depict Spain as oppressors and Bolivar as  a man that broke the chains of injustice to bring freedom to many Latin  American countries. Men like him and like Wallace are true freedom  fighters.
B00000DG1R|5.0|What I meant to say is that &quot;Secret Ocktober&quot; and  &quot;Khanada&quot; were left off!  &quot;New Moon on Monday&quot; is on  there!!  Another good one left off, is DD's cover of David Bowie's  &quot;Fame&quot;.
630420065X|2.0|Contrary to the expectation of impressive gadgetry and topnotch thrills,  &quot;Mission Impossible&quot; is a dreary and overcomplicated action  thriller. The only incredible thing about it is that almost the entire cast  is killed within the first half hour.There are a few powerful action  sequences (such as the climax involving the helicopter and the train) but  the plot entanglements (with plenty of twists but no surprises) mar what  might have otherwise been a good cinematic version of the hit TV series,  which, in itself, was never short on suspense or sophistication.
B0000019PA|2.0|I had bought other Elephant 6 releases from the Apples and OTC, so I  thought this was worth a try, based on the reviews.  I've listened and  listened, and have come to some conclusions about it:<br />First, some of the  songs are pretty imaginative and have good, unique melodies.  Mangum has  songwriting talent.  He also writes very weird, skewed, abstract lyrics  that I can't figure out at all -- which according to most reviewers here,  is a good thing, I guess...<br />The thing that ruins it for me, though, is  his voice.  I can't get past it.  I tried to like it more, but I can't.   Unconventional voices are fine with me -- I like Bob Dylan, for instance --  but I just wince at Mangum's &quot;attempts.&quot;  OUCH!<br />There's some  talent here, definitely.  The ideas are good.  But the album, taken as a  whole, is just not something I can listen to without wishing that the  execution were better than it is.
B000002HMH|4.0|I bought this album about a year ago. My first Metallica CD was Re-Load,  and I bought it in 1998, beacuse I liked 'The Unforgiven II'. Then I bought  'The black album' and loved it just as much as Re-load. Then I bought  ...And Justice for all and Garage Inc. By then I was a huge Metallica fan,  but I avoided buying Load since evreybody had told me what piece of crap it  was. But since I live in a very small city, where you can't buy Puppets,  Lightning or Kill 'em all, and I was desperate for a new record, I decided  I would buy Load. After all, Metallica had made it. I was surprised when I  listened to it; this wasn't at all bad. It was good, really good. This is  as much Metallica as Puppets, Lightning and Justice ever was. Sure, the  songs are slower, and they don't sound like Metallica in 'the old days',  but they're still as powerful, and the lyrics are as great as ever, much  deeper and more depressed than before, I think.   A lot of people complain  about Metallica selling out and going mainstream. But Metallica has always  done whatever the f**k they want, and (I'm quoting Lars on this) &quot;what  we do isn't polluted by what somebody else expects or wants from us, that's  been the party f**king line from the start.&quot;  I recommend this album  to every true Metallica fan out there. 'The house jack built' and 'The  outlaw torn' are my personal favourites, but I like almost all the songs  just as much. So don't be afraid of all the bad stuff you've heard about  this record, listen to it and get your own opinion.
0694003611|3.0|I know that this is book is a classic and everything but my two year old and I found it a bit repetitive. By the third read, he was already reading  it to ME!
B00000JCB2|3.0|I give this album 3 stars just because of Fred's use of Scott Weiland  (STP). He knows an artist when he hears one.
B000001F6S|5.0|If you only intend to get one album of Alvin Lee's guitar work - THIS IS  THE ONE!  I first heard this as a kid rummaging through my big brother's  record collection and was totally FLOORED.  My dad, also a musician (it  runs in the family), felt that this version of &quot;Woodchopper's  Ball&quot; is some of the best guitar playing that he'd ever heard.  I've  enjoyed &quot;SHHH&quot;, &quot;Cricklewood Green&quot;, and  &quot;Watt&quot;, but this is the one that sums up what Ten Years After was  all about.  I can't recommend it highly enough.
6305750750|4.0|This is where it all begins.  How can you have the original trilogy  without &quot;The Phantom Menace&quot;?  <br />While the story is a little  weak, and the characters (especially Obi-Wan)are underdeveloped, I enjoyed  Episode I and am excited about how it sets up the next two films in the new  trilogy.<br />There has been alot of criticism regarding this not being the  &quot;Star Wars&quot; we are used to, but remember, the story does take  place a good 30 years prior to &quot;A New Hope&quot;.  <br />The special  effects are great, the battles are better than ever, and is just wetting  our appetites for Episode II.  Most of all, the kids love it.
630382790X|5.0|Knowing the outcome of this near fatal space mishap won't dilute viewer  enjoyment of this well crafted tribute to the graciousness and tenacity of  the human spirit 1 iota.<br />&quot;Apollo 13&quot; recounts the compelling  story of the 2nd worst space accident (the 1st of course, being  &quot;Challenger&quot;) in NASA's history.  On 13 April, 1970, the crew of  Apollo 13 were travelling to the moon on what was billed by the press and  public as another &quot;ordinary&quot; space flight.  However, on this day,  1 of  their oxygen tanks exploded, leaving the command module dark and cold  and seriously endangering the lives of the 3 astronauts.  The inside  temperature kept falling because the crew had to use vacuum hoses to  circulate air through the cabins of the command and lunar modules, which  were joined.  The water supply was threatened.  Humidity increased because  the 1 working spacecraft, the lunar lander, couldn't handle the excess  moisture.  Then, a water gun broke, leaking a quart of water into the  cabin.  These are the dramas which turned a &quot;routine&quot; flight to  the moon into one of the most perilous journeys ever undertaken by man  which became a desperate battle for survival, fought both in space and by  Mission Control, led by the persistent, unflappable Gene Kranz (Ed Harris,  in his finest performance yet), who, by keeping calm, inspired his  co-workers to do the same, converting a calamitous catastrophe into a  triumph of humanity and technology - the astronauts flew around the moon  and were able to return safely because they used reserve oxygen in the  lunar module and fired its engine to accelerate their slingshot orbit of  the moon and hasten their arrival back to earth.<br />Hanks, Paxton, Bacon,  Sinise, and Harris are commanding as the gentlemen around whom this event  centred.  The special effects, which are pivotal to the story, don't  detract from it one bit, rather they serve it in a way that no special  effects have serveda movie before or since.  They, combined with the  acting, screenplay, cinematography, score, and sharp, terse direction by  Ron Howard, portray this movie not as a docudrama but as the sublime  retelling of a piece of mankind's history and triumph.
B00004WGAI|5.0|I read the book before I saw this video and what struck me was how true to  the original story this version is.  The BBC does an excelent job with  beautiful settings and by following not only the plot of the book but also  the dialoge. And Timothy Dalton isn't that hard on the eyes either, though  by the end of the story, you are almost convinced that he really is as ugly  as the book protrays his character to be.  The BBC does not hurry through  the story as many of the other versions do.  This is a 2 tape set and  anyone who loves the book will not be disapointed in this version of the  story. Just make sure you have plenty of time to sit down and enjoy it.  It  is well worth it!
B00000J7J4|1.0|Pure marketing, commercial trash, Santana has always being famous for  doing covers and this is not the exception.
0783241569|5.0|I love this movie! It funny, and at the same time really romantic! I was  really surprised after watching this movie how good it was. It really  caught my feelings!
B00000IL1K|5.0|I have recently joined the millions of people who love to listen to Sarah  Brightman. This was only my second purchase of Miss Brightman's works, and  I found that I was hooked immediately with the first erethral strains of  &quot;In Paradisum&quot; and enchanted to the very end with &quot;The Last  Words You Said&quot;. This music tends to take you away. I have no idea of  what she is saying on the some of the tracks, but the feeling of it hits  &quot;home&quot;. If you wish to feel like you were somewhere else in this  busy world, then buy this recording immediately. And if you find yourself  as hooked as I am, then I also recommend her newest release &quot;La  Luna&quot;.
630310696X|5.0|Tom Hanks and Denzel Washington deliver the most sublime, superlative,  stupendous performances of their acting careers in this emotional powderkeg  story about the prejudice and injustice which not only contaminate a  million dollar Philadelphia law firm, but which also permeate society in  general.<br />Hanks and Washington received many deserved kudos and plaudits  for their portrayals of the 2 lawyers in this film.  Hanks plays Andrew  Beckett, a gay, AIDS infected corporate attorney who is fired from his  position at a prestigious law office for supposed incompetence.  Washington  portrays Joe Miller, a small time ambulance chaser who, when he reluctantly  consents to represent Beckett in a rafter rattling wrongful dismissal  lawsuit, is compelled to confront his own feelings and misconceptions, not  only towards homosexuality and AIDS, but toward everything and everyone in  this world which is perceived to be different.<br />Prior to this offering,  Tom Hanks had a large stable of fans who admired and appreciated his comic  efforts in movies such as &quot;Splash,&quot; &quot;Big,&quot; and &quot;A  League Of Their Own.&quot;  But in this film, a film that was literally  crying out to be created, he proved that as an actor, he has great  versatility and can be cast in a wide variety of roles.  There can be no  argument that this is his finest performance, and for those that love this  movie, his Oscar is merely the icing on the cake.<br />Undoubtedly  controversial, &quot;Philadelphia&quot; is a haunting picture which will  make the viewer think.  And cry.  And think again.
B000002MQ9|5.0|This stands, in my opinion, to be one of DCD's greatest achievements. Lush, haunting, achingly beautiful. None of these words really reach how  terribly brilliant this album is.<br />Highly original, influential, and  deservingly so.<br />In response to this album being called 'goth,' I disagree  entirely. There is a difference between 'goth' and something being dark.  One being that Dead Can Dance have said themselves that this could only be  'gothic'music in the classical sense; not the modern, subcultural  gossipy-git-at-a-club-smoking-cloves-and-dancing-to-some-dodgy-goth-band-ala-London-After-Midnight.  In other words; dark? Yes. Very much so. Goth? No.
B00000DD2D|4.0|This CD is a pleasant surprise and shows some heavyweights banding  together to honour an influence on them all.Unfortunately Jimmy Rogers died  soon after the sessions,but this can double as a tribute to him.The songs  express all that is infectious and pleasing about the rocking blues.The  energy and feeling put into this recording by the likes of Clapton Jagger  and Plant make a welcome for them.<br />Taj Mahal is great and this should  spark a desire in anybody to seek out Jimmy Rogers past catalogue.This  collection is well produced and would be a welcome collection to anybodys  blues library.
B00004RHZU|5.0|She was a totally new artist and she had only released one song off her  debut album so far, 'There you go'. I had heard her second 'Most Girls' and  I was very impressed! When buying, my main concern however was that I  wasn't convinced she could keep up this high level throughout her album. I  cast my doubts aside and bought it and now I am sooooo glad that I did!  After just one listen I was speechless! Her first two releases hadn't done  her justice! Even though the songs were great to listen to they hadn't  shown off her absolutely amazing voice! The album mixes slow and very  touching ballads with great up tempo numbers and there isn't one song I  would rate average by any means- like with many albums whose releases are  great but whose other tracks are mediocre to say the least. Whatever I say  in this review can not define how truly wonderful this album is- and to  find out you really should buy it!! You will be so glad you did! My final  word is don't be put off by some bad reviews. They have probably been  written by people who have no interest at all in this type of music and who  are too narrow minded to see Pink in her true light- an amazing vocalist  with an album that just blows you away!
1573300659|5.0|THis has many more videos and live performances than the first History on  film.  It starts off with the actual History commercial.  It then launches  into the legandary Motown 25 performance of Billie Jean were Michael  debuted the moonwalk.  Then it has an old favorite from the first History  On Film, Beat It.  Then it has Smooth Criminal from the Moonwalker Movie.   And then the higlight of the video.  Michael Jacksons performance at the  1995 MTV Video Awards.  He performs a 15 minute medly wich includes the  hits Dont Stop Till You Get Enough, The Way You Make Me Feel, Beat It,   Thriller, Scream, Black or White, Billie Jean, Dangerous, and You Are Not  Alone.  Then the rest of the tape includes the videos Thriller, Scream,  Childhood, You Are Not Alone, Earth Song, Stranger in Moscow, They Dont  Really Care About Us, and Blood on the DAnce Floor.  It also has the Brace  Yourself excert from the first video.
B000002OMN|5.0|It seems, in reading reviews, you will either love or hate this album. Certainly Meatloaf has the capabilities of polarizing listeners and that is an attribute of any great artist.<br />Perhaps the 3 1/2 star average is a testament to the fact more people love him than hate him. His production certainly at least warrants a listening from any potentional buyer. To start off with, I recommend listening to &quot;I would Do Anything For Love&quot;. This song epitomises the rest of the album, giving a good representation of whether Meatloaf would appeal to you. It contains everything that would normally be heard in a Meatloaf album.<br />Certianly it is overwrought, overblown and epical but personally that is what makes this album so great.
B000001FOL|3.0|Chelsea Girl is a very peculiar album. There's nothing particularly  stirring about the compositions or the music. Ten songs which are mostly  laid-back, down-tempo folk. The instrumental accompaniment is sparse: soft  guitar work, violins and reed instruments. It is the voice of Nico which is  instantly recognizable. She is cool, distant, and sings in an low monotone  with a thick German accent. Her phrasing is also odd. She drops the last  word of each line an octave, and holds the note for an extended period.  Sometimes this technique can be annoying, and other times \\"winching\\"  because she'll hit the note flat. I don't care for the eight minute  Nico/Cale/Reed composition `It Was A Pleasure Then.' The song sounds like  some sort of Velvet Underground East Indian noise composition: too long and  boring. Despite Nico's peculiar delivery and the unremarkable compositions,  Chelsea Girl has an exotic appeal. The combination of her \\"cool\\" vocals,  melancholy lyrics and \\"pretty\\" music can, at times, be calming, mesmerizing  and hypnotic.
6301174240|5.0|This video was my favorite movie when I was little and i still love it as  a teenager.  It begins with a live performance of Man in the Mirror.  And  then goes into a huge MJ medly wich include I Want YOu BAck, ABC, The Love  You Save, Whos Loving You, Ben, Dancing Machine, Blame It On The Boogie,  Shake Your Body Down To the Ground, Can You Feel It, Rock With You, Dont  Stop Till You Get Enough, Thriller, Beat It, Billie Jean, Human Nature,  State of Shock, We Are the World, The Way You Make Me Feel and Dirty Diana.   Then we see a little kid version BAD.  The clamation Speed Demon is next  and is very funny.  THen its the video Leave me Alone and then goes into  the actual hour long Moonwalker movie.  I think the best part of this whole  video is the 10 minute performance of Smooth Criminal.  Michael's dance  moves during this song seem to defy gravity.  He ends the movie with Come  Together.  If you stick aroung till after the credit you get the actual  Smooth Criminal music video which is pretty tame compared to the movie  version.
B000005AYM|4.0|When I first heard On &amp; on, I quickly labeled it the modern R/B that  we have to suffer through.  Boring, effortless, over-produced and  under-sang (if that's a term).  But after giving &quot;Baduizm&quot; a  shot, I quickly ate my words and removed the label I gave it. The album  flows like a Broadway show, with drifting and re-occuring melodies, but it  also has that classic R/B and jazz sound that made that music so popular  such a long time ago.   The album starts off with what would be the  equivalent of an overture, and closes with the same type of song, a truly  underused concept that can make or break an album.  Then you are treated to  the album's first single, and truly, the jewel of the album.  I can't  believe that at one time I thought this song was mindless, it's brilliant.   It has depth and feeling, something missing in most of the R/B today.  The  songs &quot;Appletree&quot; through &quot;Next Limetime&quot; play like a  mini movie, reaching their high points and low points, and all the while  keeping the classic feel and beat, and showing the diversity of Erykah's  voice.  &quot;Afro&quot; is what lost this album its fifth star, its the  pot-hole in the road, the thorn on the rose.  It makes you think you  actually don't like the album, even though the songs are so great.  I  really think the song &quot;Tyrone&quot; from Erykah's live album should  have replaced &quot;Afro&quot;, it would have the album an instant classic.     The rest of the album plays like the climax of the show, getting moody  and thrilling, and then closes with the opening song, and you get that  feeling like when you get back from a vacation, your happy to be home, but  you can't wait to go back.
B00003CXFU|5.0|Erin Brokovich has only one goal at the beginning of this movie--to support her three children and herself. She hires an attorney to help her win a settlement in a car wreck, and loses the case. In her desperation, she manipulates her attorney into giving her a job. While she is filing some papers in a case, she discovers that a large gas and oil company has polluted the water in a nearby community, causing untold numbers of cancer cases and deaths. She persuades her boss to let her pursue her investigation, and turns up evidence that the company was willfully negligent. Trying to balance the investigation, her job and a relationship with the Harley-rider-next-door, Erin comes into her own and out-investigates some so-called experts. She is saucy, irreverant, and profane, yet comes across as a totally likeable protagonist. This is one of the best acting jobs yet from Julia Roberts and is a very satisfying movie.
0800132009|5.0|Quite simply, this is the greatest war film ever made! Wonderful  cinematography, screenplay and acting. Alec Guinness gives a star making  performance! He will be missed by many who appreciate his work!
0140186409|5.0|I started reading Steinbeck in Middle School with The Pearl and Of Mice  and Men, both which were really good. The Grapes of Wrath is a compelling  story that reads very easily. Steinbeck uses great language and symbolism.  I recommend reading the book and then looking at cliff/book notes. I'm a  very good Eng student and understood most of the themes. But the notes help  to tie together loose ends, which saves the time of re-reading the novel  over and over.<br />Read this book
B000009ED0|1.0|And even then, I use the term music VERY loosely.  Dear God, what do the  demons of MTV expose the common man to?  Here we have Kid Rock, an  talentless performer, with an equally untalented band, creating bland and  repetitive music, filtered and over-produced for the masses.  And the  critics love it!  I have heard this album called revolutionary, and a  pioneer of the rap-metal sound.  Some musicians hve been combining rap with  rock for years, folks, and 99% of them do it much better that Kid Rock.  It  amazes me that a drunken hillbilly who raps(badly) about how great he  is(he's the bullgod, he's a cowboy, he's an american badass... sheesh!) has  attained fame, fortune, and regular rotation on MTV, while bands with more  musical talent in their big toes toil in semi-obscurity.  I don't know what  else to say, other than don't buy this CD!  Don't give into the mainstream.   Then use the money that you save, and please, check out at least one of  these bands: (hed)pe, reveille, linkin park, stuck mojo, or crazy town.
B00000265X|5.0|The Final Countdown is one of the greatest albums Europe has ever done to  date. I love every song on this album. This group/songs holds a lot of  GREAT memories. All their other albums are  great too, but this is the best  of them all.Why this band ever broke up I won't ever know, but hopefully  one day soon they will get back together and make another album like  &quot;THE FINAL COUNTDOWN&quot; They were one of the best bands that came  out of the mid 80's. If you haven't bought this one yet go out and get it.  It's a must for any Europe or 80's fan
B00000D9TQ|5.0|I usually hate remakes,but Phil Collins remake of &quot;True Colors&quot;  is one of the most beutifull songs I've heard in ages.The harmony is  perfection.My other favorites from this collection are &quot;Two  Hearts,&quot; and &quot;Easy Lover.&quot; This is my first Phil Collins  album.I always loved his Music,but never thought about buying his records  untill I heard &quot;True Colors.&quot;
B00004TL21|4.0|I have read reviews of this CD by all the major cable stations and  &quot;rock mags&quot; and it seems that NOBODY gets the DEFTONES! I have  read that they have &quot;gone soft&quot; and also they are &quot;Metal  without a hook&quot;. Forget all of this. Let me ask you a question or two  OK? Do you like the clever hopelessness of Depeche Mode on &quot;Black  Celebration&quot; and &quot;Violator&quot;? Do you appreciate the  psychological complexities of Tool's &quot;Aenima?&quot; Can you relate to  Trent Reznor and his biting yet &quot;dead-on&quot; descriptions found on  ALL of Nine Inch Nails albums? Then please BUY this CD at once!!   Yes,  this is a band from Sacramento. Yes, they are in their 20's, and yes, they  are grouped into this &quot;new metal&quot; genre. But believe you me. Do  NOT buy this CD thinking that you will listen to the &quot;new wave&quot;  of metal. The Deftones can NOT be stuffed into a category. Their songs are  deep, heavy, industrial, metal, powerful and unique. Just buy it and listen  with NO preconceptions. You will be amazed at the breadth and scope of the  band. &quot;White Pony&quot; is truly an experience. Turn down the lights,  open a window and just let the music bleed. Wounds heal and then reopen.  Power, beauty, perversion, love, sex, power, loneliness, isolation, teenage  angst and rebellion are tangible concepts that breathe and live. Hit  &quot;play&quot; and relax, &quot;White Pony&quot; will work it's magik...
B00004S6GL|5.0|From the moment i heard this CD, i realised the genius of Elliott Smith. I  had bought &quot;Either/Or&quot; before &quot;Figure 8&quot;, and although  the earlier is good, it was the latter that was awe-inspiring. From the  catchy, lush melody of &quot;Son of Sam&quot;, through the confused  &quot;Everything means nothing to me&quot;, to the final &quot;Bye&quot;,  this CD is a real progression and not one which hinders or dampens Smith's  artistic flair, trust me.
B000006TR5|4.0|After many years in the critical wilderness Bowie proves again with this  album that he is by no means a spent force. With the hard edged, diverse  backing of Reeves Gabrels guitar and a collection of rythmn driven tunes  that still retain the Bowie signature, he hits paydirt again. <br />Starting  with the frenetic and touching &quot;Little Wonder&quot;, a tune that  demonstrate that he still knows how to mix subtlety and raunch effectively,  the album follows in a techno/rock vein that still manages to be very  individual. Rather than pandering to current fashion he has opted to  develop his distinctive sound into new areas.  This is where the great  strength of the material lies.  It still retains the clever, off-balance  lyrics that distinguish his work but it manages to stay true to its roots  and develop further nuances in Bowie's style. <br />Vocally he cruises through  this album utilising his unique voice to effect with a variety of clever  studio techniques. If anything he doesn't really push his vocal skills as  far as he has in the past and could possibly have utilised his range more  effectively.<br />But this is small crticism of an album that is satisfying  mana for those who have followed his remarkable career.<br />Bowie manages to  remain true to himself and has create music that is stylish and very much  his own.
B000002B2T|5.0|this album is really something, especially with layne staleys voice. my  fave song is first one &quot;wake up&quot;....really relaxing. i recomend  you to buy it...if you like seattle sound you'll like this album. i think  it's really, really great, maybe best album ever.
B00003CXBK|5.0|this is absolutely one of the best movies (and stories) that i have seen in a long time. it combines myth with folklore to create an amazing tale.  the music is haunting and the movie will leave you speechless.
B00000J2L7|5.0|With so many reviews before me, I can't say I'll add anything here to its  praises, except to say that it is, for me, one of the all time best ever.   To say that it's funny or not funny is really to miss the point.  It's  comedy, yes, but this is a real chiller with a touch of real insanity too.   No boring scenes in this one, no pointless dialogue.  Kind of like when  your brain surgeon says &quot;Oops!&quot;  And if anyone says they haven't  seen this movie, they have at least seen parts of it, Major Kong's ride to  oblivion on the bronco bomb being the most famous.  And I can't imagine  anyone not having seen Dr. Strangelove's bad hand try to strangle him.   Most people have, in fact, seen parts of this movie, they just don't know  it.  This is a movie that's right up there with the best of the best,  worthy of every praise they give it.  I'd give it more stars if I could.
B000002KHH|5.0|This album is extremely old, and you'd think that along with all the other  music written in the late 60s and 70s it would be out of date by now. Well,  I've been listening to it a LOT lately and I can tell you it sounds really  good even when you hear it after a session of newer music like Metallica or  ICP. Sure, it sounds DIFFERENT - but in a way in which you can't tell its  age (in fact, the only &quot;old school&quot; aspect of it is that there  isn't any profanity). War Pigs still has a very thrumming epic mood to it,  Iron Man is still nonsensical and nice-sounding and Electric Funeral is  haunting, dark and moody. Oh, and Planet Caravan has the best guitaring and  the vocals and mixing in it are still being copied nowadays! Get this  album, it is a vital staple to a metalhead's collection - it is essentialy  the FIRST metal music ever published. The vocals are epic, the guitar  player is very talented, and the drums roll freely like the wind.
B0000062GE|4.0|From tracks 1 to 16 you are completely enveloped in dark and raw emotion. The opening track reminds me of Black Celebration by Depeche Mode, in just the music and how it sounds, but not the lyrics at all. The lyrics are very dark and sad and the music is just as dark. A lot of layered sounds and sound effects make this a very good industrial-esque hard rock album. The strongest (and saddest) tracks on here are Sometimes It Hurts, Desperate Now, and Waking Up Beside You. A very good soundtrack for the hopeless.
B000002GBD|2.0|Nazareth has at least 15 albums, and at least 100 great songs - but \\"Hair of the Dog\\" just has too many harsh tracks with non-melodic choruses.  If you get the import version that has the bonus tracks \\"Railroad Boy\\", \\"Guilty\\", and \\"Down\\" - this is a pretty good album, similar to \\"Expect No Mercy\\".  However the standard release without \\"Love Hurts\\" IS the title track Hair of the Dog - and a bunch of heavy but plodding, and at times abrasive songs. You might as well hit the off switch after \\"Hair of the Dog\\" ends, and \\"Miss Misery\\" begins, and it gets even worse at the end of the album with \\"Please Don't Judas Me'.  They both sound like something Nazareth dug out of Ronnie James Dio's trash can.  The middle of the album is a bit better, the 1st half of \\"Changin Times\\" is similar to the sort of vocals and rhythms you'd expect from Led Zeppelin (NOT what you'd expect from Nazareth), but the vocals on this and some of the other songs need to be remastered, they sound weak and tinny, similar to tracks on AC/DC's \\"Blow Up Your Video\\" album.  I repeat, \\"Please Don't Judas Me\\" - is nothing special, it has slow and plodding song with a simple march style rhythm, and repeats the hookless chorus again and again.  If you consider the songs \\"Monsters of Rock\\" or \\"Heavy Duty\\" to be the highlights of Judas Priest's career - you'll love Miss Misery/Please Don't Judas Me, as they are boring enought to put a zombie to sleep. \\"Whiskey Drinking Woman\\" is sort of a slow boogie that gives a nod to the blues and southern rock - and is the sort of catchy and rhythmic song you'd expect from Nazareth. \\"Beggar's Day\\" has it's moments, but the vocals are a bit too harsh even by Dan's standards on that one. <br /> I guess it's just a matter of  taste, it isn't a BAD album, the only TERRIBLE album Nazareth made was \\"Snakes and Ladders\\". This album is probably better than The Fool Circle, Playing The Game, Close Enough For Rock and Roll, and Exercises - but not many others. I don't think it's fairto compare it with most of their earlier albums, as they are so different musically.  I would recommend buying 2X's, Malice In Wonderland, No Mean City, Expect No Mercy, Cinema, Sound Elixir - even Move Me or The Catch well before this clunker.  Better yet, buy their latest album \\"Boogaloo\\" if you want a good album from top to bottom. Don't think you're going to get a solid top-to-bottom hard rock album like AC/DC's  Back In Black or Powerage with Hair - only the title track \\"Hair of the Dog\\" resembles that type of hard rock.  If you like metal groups like Sabbath or Zeppelin -  this album probably will please you.  I'd like to hear from more about why they rate this album  as Nazareth's best - the title track is awesome, but I just don't get it  after that - but everyone seems to love \\"Miss Misery\\" and \\"Please Don't Judas Me\\", so you might too.  2 stars because it has one of their best songs ever, but you'd be better off with a greatest hits album if you are looking to own one Nazareth Album.    If you have to try it, get the import version with \\"Love Hurts\\" and the bonus tracks.
B00003CWTI|3.0|Starts well enough  but falls apart half way through. Watch &quot;Short  cuts&quot; if you wanna see a good 3 hr movie about LA . This ones worth a  rental but not $21.
B00003ETJQ|5.0|Baraka does with sound, sight and the passage of time what poets only dare  to do with words.  The visual images filmed entirely on location on each of  the Continents is breathtaking.  There was no dialog, except that which  developed between mind and heart.  Watch it, let it sink in.  Watch it  again.  You'll see that I haven't exagerrated.
B00001ZUGJ|5.0|If you are a collector of movie memorabilia or a huge fan of Keanu, this  is a must have for you. Well worth the money. There is even an option to  send away for a free rolled poster instead of having to frame the folded  one that comes in the collection. (You do have to pay shipping and handling  though.)
0792846443|4.0|Writer Paul Sheldon receives injuries in a car accident, but is soon  rescued by his claimed No.1 fan, Annie Wilkes. Taking him under her care,  Annie's caring nature suddenly turns into violent rage when she demands  that he write his latest book according to her wishes. The intensity rises  and rises as Sheldon tries desperately to find a way out of his situation,  as well as the fact that investigators are wondering where he has  disappeared to so suddenly. First and foremost, the movie must be commended  on one thing: its striking resemblance to the plot of the novel. The film  has captured all the intensity and suspense King wished to convey and so  much more. Another commendable aspect of the movie are its two lead actors.  Caan gives a very notable performance, but it is Bates who fills the screen  with the true terror of the film, and her performance won a much-deserved  Oscar. The suspense of this film never stops moving, and one will soon find  themself totally immersed in the plot from beginning to end. Not to be  missed, Misery will chill you on a cold night in the dark.
B00003CX5A|4.0|Though I myself gave this a pretty high rating, I could understand why  many wouldn't.  My suggestion to you--have you not seen this movie-- is to  check it out at your local Blockbuster first.  The only people that I could  think that would instantly love this movie, are those (Like myself) Who did  the same with Beetlejuice, Batman, B2, Edward Scissorhands, Nightmare  Before Christmas.....so forth.  Do you love these movies?  Go for it.      The problem with this mainly is the dragging storyline and the ~in opinion~  'stupid' ending.  If you have a big screen and surround sound speakers, and  you just love heads rolling, cool sword fighting, and eye candy then this  DVD is great.  But there isn't much else except Ichabod Crane (Johnny Depp)  keeling over about every two seconds.
B00004T40X|5.0|A friend of mine let me borrow this album, and the next day I ordered it.   Well worth the $35 (plus the extra I paid to have it shipped to me faster),  especially since it is so hard to find in stores.  I could listen to it all  day, especially &quot;Full Moon.&quot;  The speed and vocal power of this  band are outstanding.   Clearly as good as Iced Earth, or Blind Guardian  after just one album, and I'm already waiting to see that the next album  brings.
B0000029LG|5.0|After The Beatles broke up, John Lennon released &quot;Plastic Ono  Band&quot;, a dark and unexpectedly gritty album in which he took listeners  on a tour through his troubled psyche by unleashing his deepest, darkest  emotions out in a storm of fantastic art. It was an incredible move from an  artistic perspective, but not from a commercial one (but since when are  true artistic statements commercial?) and the nakedly candid content didn't  exactly send fans rushing to music stores to buy it. The exact same holds  true for &quot;HIStory&quot;, which has turned out to be Michael Jackson's  true wild card. On the second disc, Michael has done what I've been hoping  he would do for ages--take all of his deepest troubles, dreams, hopes and  fears and unleash them all at once in a powerful wash of released emotion.  After all, he has quite a story to tell, and on this disc he finally does  it musically. Easily the most personal and angry album he has ever  recorded, Michael delivers a powerful emotional whallop which shocked and  alienated many from a commercial standpoint but artistically stands as the  greatest and most honest achievement of his career. In John Lennon  tradition, he releases EVERYthing here--as much as his legal court  agreement will allow, anyway (remember, he can only say so much). From the  excellent #1 hit &quot;Scream&quot;, a direct descendant of John Lennon and  Yoko Ono's &quot;Plastic&quot; work and especially Yoko's powerful track  &quot;Why?&quot; to the soft gentle plea of the heartbreaking  &quot;Childhood&quot;, Michael gives us rage, hope and every other emotion  in between. In some portions, this album is out and out frightening. You  most likely won't be won over instantly because Michael's main concern here  is expressing his feelings over everything he had experienced just before  this recording was released and not necessarily getting fans out on the  dance floor. But not only is it Michael's greatest artistic statement in  the sense that it allows us to get closer to the real him--so close, in  fact, that many will find it TOO close for comfort--but it is also touching  from a musicianship standpoint by showing how much Michael has learned over  his lifetime musically. After a lifetime of other producers and studying  his musical influences, Michael has FINALLY reached his artistic peak here,  proving that he can at last write, arrange and  produce an entire album all  by himself without any awkwardness, making all the creative decisions alone  and only calling in other producers to be under his command to flesh out  his vision! Watch out, Prince...Michael has just managed to prove that,  except for the wait between albums and not being able to play every  instrument except horns, he has indeed bettered you in all respects.
6302424887|5.0|This movie is violent and brutal, sparing the audience none of the blood  that's implied in the play and adding some gratuitous nudity to boot.  If  you read the play in high school English class, you're in for a shock or  seven with this version.<br />But I think that this is how Shakespeare would  have made a movie.  He certainly didn't direct his plays the way they're  performed today, all mannered diction and high art.  He put in plenty of  dirty jokes for the groundlings, lots of sensationalist death and  destruction.  Shakespeare's plays were intended to sell as many tickets as  possible; if Lady Macbeth wasn't played by a man back then, he probably  would have wanted her sleepwalking nude as she does in this  film.<br />Polanski has done an excellent job of rescuing &quot;Macbeth&quot;  from the constrictions of &quot;literature&quot; and making it shake its  moneymaker, as it were.  If you can handle some gore and nudity, You're in  for a heck of a ride.
B000002L9J|5.0|In 1986, the world was a bleak place. The junkyards were taking over the  country. My pool has leaves in it. A neighbor's dog came running into my  house. Hey man, buy a Porsche. Will the Jets ever win another Super Bowl? I  have a dog named Tino. The Don is semi-retired and Mike's in charge of the  family business. Mean Streets was a great movie. Mike Piazza is the  greatest hitting catcher of all time. Buy this CD, it's great.
B00000JCB2|1.0|Hello.  i am not going to write one of my normal reviews for this album,  seeing as i don't like the band, but used to.  All i can really say is that  Fred sold out.  the music is cool and all, but the person that it's coming  from is just stupid. Fred claims to be a reject (as in &quot;i came into  this world as a reject&quot;), but he was the jock in high school that beat  you up for being &quot;gay&quot;.  you know, the long hair gay.  Wes  Borland really shouldn't stay with Bizkit, but if he wants to, he can.  But  don't support Fred.
0060922583|5.0|This is definitely a must read for anyone who ever pondered the meaning of  reality or the universe.  It puts together a big picture of all kinds of  phenomenon and how they exist.  So many things about our mind, our world,  and our universe are explained if we adopt a holographic paradigm.  There  is convincing scientific evidence to support this too, such as the 1982  Alan Aspect experiment that showed that there was no locality between the  twin particles. This book is not some wacky theory, because it contains  quotes and studies from credible people and sources.  In addition, the  holographic theory is consistent with the view of reality by mystics and  the idea that we are all connected and one, which is why love is so  important because it brings unity.<br />The only unanswered question I have  that this book didn't seem to answer is this:  If the universe is a  hologram, then how is it that matter is solid to the touch?  Why does my  hand not pass through this table in front of me if it is a hologram?  Upon  reading the first 2 chapters closely, it appears that the answer to my  question is that since our hands and our bodies are PART of the hologram of  the universe, it would &quot;feel&quot; that other objects are solid too.   I am not sure of this though, but that is my interpretation of it.  If  anyone else who has read the book knows the answer to my question, feel  free to let me know.  My email address is WWu777@aol.com<br />Thanks, Winston
B000005RFQ|5.0|Although I am a big fan of all Sabbath eras,this is by far their best  non-Ozzy album.It has the crushing bass,screaming guitar,and the demonic  drone of the old Sabbath.Dio's albums were great,and heavy,but this album  will go down as a metal classic.Gillian's voice was perfect and  complimented the heaviness of the tracks.This album is truly a great buy  and a classic for any metal collection.
B00002ZMNV|5.0|S&amp;M is a very good album and dvd or video. It has a lot of their old  songs and new. Also two unreleased songs. All I have to say are two words,  &quot;Rock on.&quot;
6301930827|5.0|This is one of my favorite movies ... not just because it's well-acted and accurate: it's chillingly possible. I saw this in 1990 when HBO first released it and today's rogue nations attempting to acquire nuclear technology make this film perhaps even more prophetic. And the Russian Bear isn't dead yet BTW. They still have a large, recently upgraded, force of SS-27 TOPOL-M mobile nuclear missiles (similar to that presented in \\"Spies Like Us\\" - a great comedy). A rebel group of Russian nationalists steal a mobile Russian nuclear missile, sneak it into Turkey and launch what appears (erroneously) as a NATO attack on the Russian city of Donestk. The Russians launch an immediate response and both nuclear forces go on high alert.<br />The military aircraft were accurately portrayed. It's so frustrating to have actors refer to a certain type of military aircraft and then the filmaker uses stock footage of the wrong aircraft. The E-6 TACAMO planes (707's) are referenced here (Take Charge and Move Out - two planes control US subs over the Atlantic and the Pacific). The (ostensibly) Presidential successor, the Secretary of the Interior, is picked up by the E-4 NAOC 747 National Command plane in Louisiana. And the Air Force bombers are controlled by the generals in the EC-135 Looking Glass (707-type) plane. It's a race against time when orders are issued to the USA's 560-foot long Ohio-class ballistic missile submarines to retaliate.<br />Nicolas Coster is riveting as the General who carries out his duties, full-well knowing an ICBM warhead is coming down on him at 14,000 mph. Choosing not to flee, he stays to the end to fight the battle. He's come a long way since \\"Airport '79: The Concorde\\" (chillingly prophetic in and of itself given recent events). Rebecca de Mornay is a bit hard to take as a B-52 pilot (for typecasting reasons only) but she still does a good job. She seems a bit whiny though as the First Officer on a nuclear-armed B-52. Notice the voice of the B-52's radar officer: it's familiar. I believe him to be the brother of Dermot Mulroney of \\"Point of No Return\\" with Bridget Fonda.<br />All in all superb job. I ordered an extra copy so that I'm not without it when I loan it to friends. Language is a little too rough for the kiddies but no sex so a PG rating would be about right. As good as \\"Fail Safe\\", \\"Dr. Strangelove\\" and \\"The Bedford Incident\\". And infinitely more engrossing than \\"The Day After\\" (though \\"The Day After\\" did an frighteningly excellent job showing the launch sequence ordered by the Looking Glass plane).  How about a DVD version?
B00004TFK2|2.0|I love this movie and already own the VHS edition so was excited to see it  coming out on DVD.  I own a JVC DVD player and was very disappointed that  it did not play this DVD.  <br />I made a trip to my local electronics  retailer and we tried it in several DVD players.  Sony (of course!) players  worked as well as Panasonic and Samsung (go figure!).  Yamaha, JVC and  Toshiba did not.<br />This is not an unusual occurance, so caveat emptor  everyone, try before you buy, something made difficult by Amazon's return  policy.
006097625X|5.0|Understanding Comics is one of the most thought provoking prose about the  art of comics, but it doesn't stop there.  The lessons about telling a  story in sequential form can be (and often are) applied to filmmaking,  writing, advertising, and animation.  At once profound and simple,  Understanding Comics will help you grasp the concept of storytelling in our  pop culture society.  Highly recommended.
B000002B82|5.0|Like the title says this is another classic album from Ozzy Osbourne. It  is a perfect follow up to the amazing No Rest for the Wicked. (Look for a  review of that coming soon.) As far as the band goes they never sounded  tighter. On this album Ozzy has Zakk Wylde playing guitar, Bob Daisley on  bass, Randy Castillo on drums, and John Sinclair on keyboards. They sound  amazong together and are the perfect soundtrack for Ozzy's stories about  his life as a musician. In my opinion this is the finest example of Zakk  Wylde's guitar playing, he is truly amazing, Randy Castillo's drums also  compliment the talents of bassist Bob Daisley who played with Ozzy early in  his solo career. No More Tears is one of Ozzy's greatest albums.<br />The  first song on the album is Mr. Tinkertrain. It starts off with some  children's music like the beginning on Bloodbath in Paradise off No Rest  for the Wicked. You can also hear some children playing in the background.  After about a minute of this it then kicks into a full blown heavy metal  song with a very catchy chorus. The song is also filled with Zakk Wylde's  trademark vibrato. The hit I Don't Want to Change the World is up next. It  was co written by Motorhead singer/bassist Lemmy Kilmister. Zakk Wylde is  amazing on this song like he is on every song he ever played on. The ballad  Mama, I'm Coming Home is next. This is one of my favorite songs on this  album. It is a very catchy song, and the acoustic guitar sounds great. Bob  Daisley also does a fine job playing bass on this track. Desire is another  heavy track with amazing guitar as well as a catchy chorus. Next up is the  epic title track No More Tears. This song is one of the best on the album.  It was co written by Alice in Chain's bassist Mike Inez. The song is truly  a masterpiece. It's both heavy and soft. It features  The band also shows  amazing musicianship on this track. The keyboard part in the middle of the  song is especially great as well as Randy Castillo's drumming. The best  part of the song however is the guitar solo. It is one big build to the  solo, think Stairway to Heaven. S.I.N. has a great chorus and a great  guitar solo. Hellraiser is another song co written by Lemmy. This bass  heavy song is another amazing track. There's really not much to say about  this album, it's pretty consistant. The songs are pretty much all heavy  with catchy choruses and amazing guitar playing. Time After Time is a  change of pace. It is a power ballad. Zakk Wylde plays one of his most  impressive solo's on this track. Zombie Stomp is another bass heavy song.  A.V.H. has a very impressive slide guitar intro before kicking into a fast  paced metal song. The last song Road to Nowhere is a perfect account of a  musicians life. It's a heavy song but it's not a fast song. This is another  great song, and a perfect closer for an amazing album.<br />So there you have  it my review of No More Tears. I hope it was helpful and not too boring.  It's hard to write a review of a consistant sounding album. For further  listening I strongly suggest Blizzard of Ozz, Diary of a Madman, The  Ultimate Sin, No Rest for the Wicked, Tribute, and Speak of the Devil by  Ozzy, Stronger than Death by Black Label Society (Zakk's band), and New  Tattoo by Motley Crue (another good example of Randy's talents behind the  drum kit.)
0786860707|5.0|I'll get to the point quickly.  This is the BEST book about the process of  classical animation ever written. It is thorough, well written, and very  entertaining.  Without seeing it, it is impossible to understand the  immense amount of info contained in this volume.  It should be treated like  a text book for animators, and that is the way in which the authors have  approached the presentation.  Illusion of Life covers topics as diverse as  storytelling, sound effects, drawing hair, acting, pacing, comedy, and  design.  It was written by two of Disney's original animators, so they know  what they're talking about.  It's hard to imagine anyone in the industry  getting by without the knowledge contained within the covers of this  fantastic book.
B00003CX6P|2.0|I forced myself to sit through this thing knowing that Tom Ripley would  get caught and get his comeuppance in the end.  Got caught.  Didn't like  comeuppance.  What a waste of time!
B00000K3D4|5.0|I first saw this movie as a young child.  It was my first time seeing the  phenomenal David Bowie, now my favorite singer.  What's there to say that  hasn't been said?  The music is incredible (I love &quot;Underground&quot;,  &quot;As the World Falls Down&quot;, &quot;Within You&quot;, &quot;Magic  Dance&quot;,... I love them all.  David Bowie has such an incredible voice.   Combined with expert writing, it's magical).  It's funny, adventurous, and  witty.  It shows the value of thought and sheer will as well as the value  of might.  And through all of this, it manages to teach more than so many  movies while being among one of the most entertaining films I have seen,  even to date.  How many other movies teach a lesson, let alone a few,  without hitting the audience over the head with it?  It's rare among films  for older audiences, and almost impossible to find among children's movies.   This one does it.  <br />No matter how many years pass, it doesn't get old.   Labyrinth is a movie full of spirit and youth, with enough of an  indescribable something that adults will enjoy it as much as kids.  It has  that spark that so many things lack.
B00000724P|4.0|First off, I will say that this album &quot;And Justice For All&quot; will  not appeal to all Metallica fans.  Fans off their earlier material,  specificlly &quot;Master of Puppets&quot; will really enjoy this album, no  question.  If you are a person that only enjoys the later releases from  this band (I.E. Load, Reload), you may not necessarily get into  &quot;Justice&quot;.  It is without a doubt Metallica's most technical  album, James Hetfield (Lead Singer, guitar) writes dark complex vocals  relating to the government, and death (their origional bassist, Cliff  Burton, died before this album was made).  These vocals are laid over many  musical time changes and between long instrumentals.  Most songs are a  mixture of very fast heavy riffs one minute, slow melodic riffs the next  (I.E. To Live is to Die).  The average song on this album is probably  around 6 to 7 minutes long.  I highly recomend this musical masterpiece by  one of the most popular rock bands in the world.  The only reason why this  album was not given the &quot;5 star rating&quot; was because of the poor  production (basically the drums sounded like sticks hitting cardboard).   The production hurts the album in a minor way, still being a release that  is widely regarded as Metallica's best.
B000002VMH|5.0|What a wonderful CD!! An instant favorite!!  I loved Little Bird,  Why,Walking on Broken Glass. What a treat Keep Young and Beautiful was!!  This is one I will listen to over and over and over. Annie Lennox has a  spectacular voice and this is an excellent showcase for it. Thank you  Annie!
0790734850|5.0|LA Confidential manages to capture the lost genre of film noir and give it  a good shake. Superb cinematography combined with a wonderful cast demand  instant comparisons with Chinatown. Whilst never reaching the artistry of  Chinatown, LA Confidential provides an enthralling and entertaining  cinematic ride.<br />The real stars of this film are Aussies Guy Pearce and  Russell Crowe. Kevin Spacey and Kim Basinger demand and receive the kudos  of Hollywood stardom but it is really Pearce and Crowe that carry the film.  Pearce is a study in obsession - demanding, obsessive and ambitous. Crowe  is superb, controlling his performance like a coiled spring until he  explodes in a tour de force performance. Spacey, Basinger and De Vito  provide superb support but it is the above two who provide the emotional  drive for the film's narrative.<br />This story of corruption, murder and  greed set within 1950's Los Angeles Police Department is superbly and  tightly directed. The script is complex but never out of reach and leaves  no loose ends at the end. The cinematography is first rate and evokes the  1950's Los Angeles underworld/Hollywood world admirably.<br />This is a film  that is a sum of its parts. Direction, acting, cinematography and script  have combined to create a true modern masterpiece. DVD clarity is excellent  and the soundtrack sounds superb-adding to the overall atmosphere. This  film is a reminder that Hollywood can still do it when it wants.
B000005J56|5.0|When I heard this album for the first time, I remembered my childhood and  my grandparents listening Afro-Cuban music.  My mother almost cried when we  saw the movie, because she also remembered when she was a chlid.  Maybe  most of these exceptional musicians were unknown (or forgotten), but this  music is simply eternal.
B000001E8P|5.0|Jarvis Cocker as probably the best living, breathing English lyricist next  to Morrissey, and the best lyricist in the UK next to Stuart Murdoch. Like  alot of songwriters, most of Cocker's lyrics are based on autobiographical  experiences. But since Jarvis has lived a constantly amusing and eccentric  life - pulling stunts like falling two-stories out of a window while trying  to impress a girl; interrupting Michael Jackson's ostentatious display at  the '96 Brit awards  - his songs make for a fascinating read. Quite simply,  Cocker is a guy who's been through some frustrating, rough and embarrassing  times and come out the other end with a highly-developed, self-effacing  wit. Jarvis's lyrics have some of the wittiest stanzas since Paul  Westerberg penned, &quot;You wish up a star/That turns into a plane.&quot;  Here's a sample of some of Cocker's clever-clever songwriting that you can  expect to hear on &quot;Different Class&quot;:  <br /> &quot;This bed has seen  it all, from the first time to the last/The silences of now and the good  times of the past.&quot; <br /> &quot;Do you believe that there's someone up  above?/Does he have a timetable directing acts of love?/Why did I write  this song on that day?/Why did you touch my hand and softly say, 'Stop  asking questions that don't matter anyway'&quot;? <br /> &quot;And this hollow  feeling grows and grows and grows and grows/And you want to phone your  mother and say, 'Mother I can never come home again, 'cause I seem to have  left an important part of my brain somewhere, somewhere in a field in  Hampshire.'&quot; <br /> Now, some people here in the US have accused Cocker's  lyrics and the Pulp of being &quot;too British&quot; and &quot;too  eighties,&quot; which I think is grossly unfair. After all, Ricky Martin  was never criticized for being &quot;too Puerto Rican,&quot; or Busta  Rhymes's music as being &quot;too Stone Age.&quot; There are many  universals that Cocker's lyrics address on &quot;Different Class,&quot;  that encapsulate the way large segments of society feel. A segment that  didn't know how to react when first confronted with the inevitable  humiliation and confusion that springs up unexpectedly along the way in in  life. Cocker didn't either. And whether he likes it or not, &quot;Different  Class&quot; established him as the sarcastic spokesman for that segment.
B000000WFF|1.0|I hate the Spice Girls.  Nasty Spice, Rancid Spice, Rotten Spice, Stinky  Spice and Stupid Spice have no talent.  They can't act, deliver lines well,  dance or sing.  They're just a T&amp;A (Tattoos &amp; Attitude) version of  Menudo, New Edition and New Kids on the Block.  They are just a stupid  little fad.  These women couldn't sing their way out of a Chevrolet.  They  are truly abominable.  Pelt them with pies.<br />For REAL girl power, listen  to genuine talents like Mariah Carey, Melissa Etheridge, Joni Mitchell and  Madonna.  They're REAL talent and they're good!
B00000DATR|5.0|TB I was the the album that got me hooked on Mike Oldfield. TB II not only  expanded on the theme, but actually topped it.  TB III is the most powerful  piece of music I have ever experienced.  It speaks of a union of all with  God, a nirvana of the end of time, culminating with the end piece of  &quot;Far above the Clouds&quot;.  If this doesn&quot;t move you, nothing  will.
0875847706|5.0|Benjamin Zander is the conductor of the Boston Philharmonic Orchestra and  also presents leadership workshops widely in the business community.    Rosamund Stone Zander is a family systems therapist in private practice.   This unlikely combination of authors for a business text has written a  refreshing and hopeful guide to personal and organizational transformation  that results in innovative leadership.    The book outlines twelve  practices that anyone can use to create new possibilities in any situation.      The Zander's wide personal experience illustrates each practice with  unforgettable stories.<br />&quot;Standard social and business practices are  built on certain assumptions-shared understandings that have evolved from  older beliefs and conditions.  And while circumstances may have changed  since the start of these practices, their continued use tends to reconfirm  the old beliefs.  For this reason our daily practices feel right and true  to us, regardless of whether they have evolved to keep up with the pace of  change.  In just such a way a business culture arises and perpetuates  itself, perhaps long after its usefulness has passed.<br />&quot;This book  offers practices that are transformational-practices that may feel  `illogical' or counterintuitive to our normal understanding of how things  operate. The purpose is to initiate a new approach to current conditions  based on uncommon assumptions about the nature of the world. . .&quot;        p. 4<br /> For anyone wishing to have fun, be creative and change their  life and the life of organizations, the book is a must read.    Practical,  passionate and provocative, the book is for those who want to get more joy,  fulfillment and pleasure out of life and be a contribution to the whole  community of creation.
B00003CWL6|5.0|it's rare to see a movie take what is most available to all humans in life  and translate it into a glorious melange of people passing each other with  little regard to the ripples they cause to climax into one thread finally  entwined<br />pleasure to watch - i laughed for the adults, cried for the  children and wished i could have a piece of this life<br />i got home after  the movie, and realised that i do have parts of this life - thankfully only  parts
6304080921|5.0|Jeffrey Goines (Brad Pitt) is a paranoid schizophrenic, he's crazy.     Catherine Railly (Madeline Stowe) is a psychiatrist, she's not crazy.    James Cole (Bruce Willis) is a 'volunteer' who is sent to the 1990s from  the year 2035 to find out why 99% of the human race was wiped out, he's not  crazy either - of course no one in the 1990s knows that.   Terry Gilliam is  the director of this film. It's not really a science fiction, it's a  fantasy of the kind only Gilliam can produce.   David Peoples (Co-writer of  Blade Runner) and his wife Janet Peoples wrote the script. If you ignore  the excellent performances and the outstanding direction you'll find that  the plot is as brilliant as it is complex.    Watch this film!
B00004W5UA|5.0|when I got home after fight club, I couldn't sleep, so I got up again and  went to a bar to have a beer and then it hit me: I had just seen the most  history-advanced movie since clockwork orange.    I had just seen the truth  about life in our society and its absurd rules, I had seen soap as the  hammer of the gods.  Go see it and learn about yourself and your miserable  little lives
0805047905|5.0|I've had three children who fell in love with this book around age two.  It does a wonderful job of teaching colors, animals and rhyme to  toddlers.<br />Aided by Carle's unique illustrations, this book begs to be  chanted by the parent who will be reading it for the umpteenth time.  (&quot;Brown bear, brown bear, what do you see?  I see a red bird looking  at me.  Red bird, red bird, what do you see?  I see a .....&quot; etc.,  etc.) The cadence and rhythm of the words have fascinated my youngsters as  they learn to identify different colored animals populating the pages of  the book.  Strictly a teaching tool, the book does not have a story per se,  but it seems to be just right for the child who is just beginning to  discover the larger world.
B00004XPQL|5.0|Hello Everyone!             I am just writing to say how fantasic i think  final destination is and that if u have the chance to see it...see it. It's  got some really unexpected bits in it which twist the story amazingly and  most importantly for u girls who like them, it's got Devon Sawa in it and  the gorgeous Kerr Smith also.  Go and see the film or get the video, it's  great!!
6305949638|5.0|There is a lot of debate as to the content of this film and what people  say it advocates or makes light of. For instance, the ongoing battle  between pro and anti-abortionists. Not every woman in this film has an  abortion. Think about the involving circumstances and how tough that choice  is to make. Sometimes there is no other choice. If there isn't an abortion,  then it is another child waiting to be adopted. It is a sad situation with  no way out. There is no benefit to either and this movie only depicts a  good Samaritan at work who listens to these desperate women and gives them  the choice to give the baby away or to take it away. Then there are the  circumstances involving the time period. It was the 1940's, World War II  era. To become pregnant out of wedlock and at such a young age (and most of  these women could not even be called women yet) meant being disowned and  abandoned, left out in the cold. This is something that a girl did not want  to face; being ostracized by both family and friends. So they went to a  back alley doctor and had the dirty deed done but only to the destruction  of their health. This is the point that Dr. Larch makes in the movie when  Homer begins to reveal his issues with abortion. &quot;When they don't come  to someone who can do it correctly and safely, this is what happens!&quot;  he tells him. I will admit that this is a very delicated issue but Michael  Caine's character is the ear that is not often lent to all these women, a  man for all the men in the world who will listen, understand, sympathize  and give them a choice. This is what this film demonstrates, no more and no  less.<br />Now that I am past this argument, I wish to express the reasons for  my deeply felt connection to this movie and the performances reaped from  its distinguished and versatile cast. Tobey Maguire is excellent as Homer  Wells, the calm and self-assured protege of Dr. Larch (Caine) who is  edified on morality at an early age at St. Cloud's Orphanage and Shelter.  The father-son relationship between Homer and Dr. Larch is strongly  detected, and like any parent, he pushed Homer to excel in his medical  practice, endeavoring by illegal means to validate him as a professional  surgeon and general practitioner. Unfazed by Dr. Larch's tenacity, Homer  immediately begins to walk his own path when he spots a blonde beauty named  Candy Kendall (Charlize Theron), the girlfriend of a WWII lieutenant named  Wally Worthington (Paul Rudd) who requests an abortion at St. Cloud's. Upon  Candy's and Wally's departure, Homer jumps ship and heads out to unfamiliar  territory, attaining employment at Wally's family orchard. From there he  learns the delicate art of the cider-making business, the art of social  endurance, and the whirlwind of emotion that encompasses true love.<br />Since  her radical stints in movies such as &quot;Two Days In The Valley&quot;,  &quot;The Astronaut's Wife&quot; and &quot;The Devil's Advocate&quot;,  Charlize Theron has become a recognizable talent in the film industry and  is deserving of her critical praise in this literary adaptation of John  Irving's timeless novel. She is somewhat dizzy in personality at first  impression, but as time goes on, she shows that she is a very sympathetic  and heartwarming character despite her obvious flaws (adulterous). Michael  Caine as the indomitable Dr. Wilbur Larch is once again in top form, a  polished player with an untouchable and keen ability to texture every facet  of his character. I was first introduced to his stellar charm and  surprising comedic abilities as Lawrence Jamieson, the suave con in 1988's  &quot;Dirty Rotten Scoundrels&quot;. As for Tobey Maguire, I can only say  that he is a work in progress, one that will dominate the field in a matter  of years. With his cutesy candor in 1998's warm and fuzzy comedy  &quot;Pleasantville&quot; and aside Michael Douglas in 99's &quot;Wonder  Boys&quot;, he is climbing the ladder of recognition ata solid and steady  pace.<br />Little did I know after I watched the film and happened to glance  at the credits, I was surprised to learn that two of the smaller roles were  dominated by musicians, one of forgotten past and one of proverbial  present. Erykah Badu, an R&amp;B crooner with one Grammy to her name so  far, proved to be an impressive actress with little or no training as Rose  Rose, the daughter of Mr. Rose. In a profoundly smaller role but with a few  lines to suffice, Heavy D (a hip-hop presence of the 80's) displays a  minute amount of charm as Peaches, a fellow co-worker on the farm. Who I  was stirred by the most in the supporting roles department, however, was  Delroy Lindo as the loathsome Mr. Rose. His character seems a decent fellow  in the beginning but quickly becomes despicable to the audience after his  sickening affections for his daughter are revealed.<br />Overall, this film  touches base with serious issues, the more pronounced being abortion but  incest, adultery and addiction follow closely behind. Despite the numerous  faults of each of the characters, they all prove that love is the reason  behind their debauched actions. &quot;The Cider House Rules&quot; begs to  be understood and appreciated, and there is no argument to how well it  presents itself. One of the best films of '99 standing beside  &quot;American Beauty&quot;, it will reserve itself a place in people's  hearts and movie libraries for all time.a solid and steady  pace.<br />Little did I know after I watched the film and happened to glance  at the credits, I was surprised to learn that two of the smaller roles were  dominated by musicians, one of forgotten past and one of proverbial  present. Erykah Badu, an R&amp;B crooner with one Grammy to her name so  far, proved to be an impressive actress with little or no training as Rose  Rose, the daughter of Mr. Rose. In a profoundly smaller role but with a few  lines to suffice, Heavy D (a hip-hop presence of the 80's) displays a  minute amount of charm as Peaches, a fellow co-worker on the farm. Who I  was stirred by the most in the supporting roles department, however, was  Delroy Lindo as the loathsome Mr. Rose. His character seems a decent fellow  in the beginning but quickly becomes despicable to the audience after his  sickening affections for his daughter are revealed. <br />Overall, this film  touches base with serious issues, the more pronounced being abortion but  incest, adultery and addiction follow closely behind. Despite the numerous  faults of each of the characters, they all prove that love is the reason  behind their debauched actions. &quot;The Cider House Rules&quot; begs to  be understood and appreciated, and there is no argument to how well it  presents itself. One of the best films of '99 standing beside  &quot;American Beauty&quot;, it will reserve itself a place in people's  hearts and movie libraries for all time.
B000003S09|5.0|The rich, bold, and deeply textured structure of each song on &quot;In the court of the Crimson King&quot; reflect a variety of styles and a sound  unique to only King Crimson. While many people favour the heavy, brash,  jazzy benchmark tune &quot;21st Century Schizoid man&quot;, the lesser  known acoustic titles compell me. The soft, mello woodwinds in &quot;I talk  to the Wind&quot; ease tension with their beautiful voices. And the almost  renaissance quality of the album's title track flows gracefully throughout  the acoustic peace. Moonlight and Epitaph are wonderful tunes as well,  presenting a blend of acoustics with jazz, and comeplete the album's  outstanding sampling of genres. Any fan of Pink Floyd, or Spirit will  appreciate the conceptual nature of this work, and enjoy it's gentle  ballads.
6305949980|5.0|This has to be my favorite Tim Burton film. Danny Elfman's music/lyrics to  this film are completley phenomenal. It adds the perfect touch to the film.  It has the perfect mood which makes it a &quot;Tim Burton&quot; film. Danny  Elfman's music is the only thing that can cure all your problems and make  you happy again!
6300268470|5.0|Rio Bravo is one of a handful of movies (see also The Quiet Man) that  belies the one-note, tough-guy stereotype that so many people associate  with John Wayne.  Here he is endearing (his scenes with Walter Brennan are  hilarious and genuine) and, dare I say, even somewhat sensitive in his own  way (his firm method of &quot;treatment&quot; for Dean Martin's alcoholic  character is something a  counselor friend of mine finds priceless).  The  rest of the cast is wonderful as well:  Brennan is cranky, Martin is  wounded but charismatic, Angie Dickinson is sly and assured and Ricky  Nelson, surprisingly, does more than just hold his own and look pretty  (*and* he sings a duet with Dean Martin).  Everyone involved here obviously  had a ton of fun making the movie, but more importantly the film exudes  that sense of good cheer without undercutting the narrative tension.   Director Howard Hawks certainly had a great deal to do with the quick  pacing and the tightness of the ensemble, both of which assure that the  film never seems to drag, even in quiet moments.  In short, a western for  people who don't like westerns and a John Wayne movie for people who don't  like John Wayne.
0440180295|4.0|Vonnegut at the top of his form, which is a fresh style compared to most of the tired writers of this century.
B000006FYP|5.0|Many people say this and Batman &amp; Robin are the worst of the series,  well I think they are a whole lot better than that Micheal Keaton trash  that came before it!  Val Kilmer is the best Batman yet, Tommy Lee Jones  was hilarious as Two-Face, Jim Carrey was perfect as the Riddler (I can't  believe they almost went with Robin Williams on that role, don't get me  wrong, he's funny and all, but the thought of him in spandex makes me  shudder!), and Chris O'Donnell was brilliant as Robin!  I was lucky I saw  this before the first two, for if I saw what came before it, I would have  missed this entirly!
B000002KCC|5.0|Fans of singer/songwriter hits, beware! Despite Young's early successes in  the pop world, not every one of his albums should be considered as being  tame and accessible. Such is the case with &quot;Tonight's the Night&quot;.  No other Young album is quite like it. Released two years after it was  made, the album in question is a requiem to the early departures of  original Crazy Horse guitarist, Danny Whitten; and Crosby, Stills, Nash $  Young roadie, Bruce Berry; these two friends of Young died of drug  overdoses. In response to the anguish he felt about the passing of the two,  he put out &quot;Tonight's the Night&quot;, not entirely believing it would  pass muster with the fans, much less the critics. True, the album is stark,  and the band sounds less than sober while recording it; however, it is  Young's most important work, and a benchmark record, to be sure. The title  track relates to roadie Berry and his quick demise. Young's voice cracks  and sways uncertainly recounting the tale of tragedy. &quot;World on a  String&quot; only emphasizes the point of loss. &quot;Come on Baby, Let's  Go Downtown&quot; is an early Seventies' version of a song that Crazy Horse  did without Young. Danny Whitten's powerful vocal shines (in a live-concert  recording with Neil) and his song was added here so that people would not  forget the reason Young put this album together in the first place. It is  eerie to hear Whitten singing so vibrantly, when his body now molders in  the grave. &quot;New Mama&quot; is the only real positive track, relating  to a father's joy at the birth of a newborn...but is tempered by the last  verse, &quot;I'm livin' in a dreamland&quot;, perhaps suggesting happiness  is only available when the man sleeps. &quot;Tired Eyes&quot; recounts the  tale of a drug deal gone bad, and Young rattles off spoken dialogue between  the dealer's friends and those who found disfavor for what the dealer and  his kind have done. It is a violent story, one that is all too prevalent in  today's society. To all new listeners of this album: Don't expect a  well-polished gem here; sometimes the preciousness is in the message and  moral, not in the packaging or production.
630518299X|3.0|This movie was rediculas.  It had jokes almost as pathetic as the ones in  Big Daddy!  This guy's entire life broadcasted on TV?  From how old Jim is  he must have been born in the '60s, and I doubt they had the technology to  do all the stuff they did with the sun and moon back then (heck, I doubt we  have the technology to do it now!).  I also doubt this movie takes place in  the future since most of the stuff looks like it came out of the '50s!  Go  see EDtv, it's a whole lot more beliveable!
B000002UA5|3.0|Just before the end of the Sixties, Pink Floyd did the unthinkable, and  released a double album of four classic tracks done live in front of small  audiences, and another side of freaky, experimental works that, at best,  allowed each individual member a chance to display their own unique musical  vision; or, at worst, to be as terribly self-indulgent and deconstructive  as each member willed himself to be. &quot;Set the Controls for the Heart  of the Sun&quot; and &quot;Astronomy Domine&quot; bettered their studio  counterparts, with the latter actually stretched out in length. &quot;A  Saucerful of Secrets&quot; does nothing for me in its live format; perhaps  it was meant for the benefit of the stoners, who will no doubt enjoy the  spacy pulsations and Gilmour's wild fretting, desperately emulating Syd  Barrett's hell-bent style. Side Two is one of those things: a few really  decent songs amidst a lot of musical wanking that, quite frankly, doesn't  hold up to much repeated listening, and surely hasn't aged well. Rick  Wright's &quot;Sysyphus&quot; suite is O.K. in parts, but quickly loses  focus. Waters creates a pastoral bliss with his &quot;Grantchester  Meadows&quot; and &quot;Small Furry Creatures...&quot; is truly a blast.  Gilmour's &quot;Narrow Way&quot; suite doesn't show much in the way of  creative lyrical ability, but has impressive loopy guitar effects; still,  these get tiresome after a while. Nick Mason turns in the worst performance  on a Floyd album, with his &quot;Grand Vizier&quot; selections. Quite  frankly, guitar tape effects are one thing; tape loops of drums are just  truly boring. I'm glad the Floyd only attempted this type of musical  onanism once. I'm dismayed at the fact that they used up so much vinyl only  to throw out a product that could have been better served by judicious  editing. Still, enjoy the live tracks and Waters' solo contributions, and  it might be worth at least half of what you spend on this collection
B00003CXFG|1.0|I absolutely hated this movie.  I know that I'm part of the minority on  this forum, but by far, this was one of the worst movies that I saw last  year.  I did see it in a theatre, and I actually wanted my money back.<br />I  found the plot to be silly, the character underdeveloped, and the  cinematography (while I understood the statement they were trying to make)  to be... poor.<br />I guess that I just can't get into a knock-off of other  sci-fi movies that is supposed to be wonderful because it is shot  overexposed.  But that's just me.
B00004U8H4|5.0|American pyscho isn't as violent as the novel, but the moive is dark as  hell.  From the open scene to the closing frame, the movie prys at you in a  way that doesn't let go.  This is a movie that stays with you, and will  thrill you at every viewing.  By the way.  Christian bale delivers a  excellent performance as a man with no morals and values.
B000000HXK|5.0|Quite simply, if selected as a contestant on &quot;Survivor&quot;, my  luxury item would be a CD player &amp; headphones with a copy of Hex tucked  into the player.<br />So beautiful, so many layers, something new with every  listen. Do yourself a huge favor and find this album and give it a chance.   Hex is a true gem that does not dissapoint.
B000002C1V|4.0|Though it is clearly labeled a Pink Floyd album, the truth is that this  was nothing short of a Roger Waters solo effort. While guitarist David  Gilmour contributes vocals to one song, &quot;Not Now John&quot;, the rest  is undeniably the invention of bassist/creative force Waters. Seen somewhat  disjointedly as the less pompous sequel of &quot;The Wall&quot; (which it  undeniably is, as the story is seen from the eyes of the arrogant,  martinet-like teacher who gave Pink public remonstrations in front of his,  Pink's, peers in &quot;The Wall&quot;). Waters sees no hope for the western  world, with corrupt, untrustworthy leaders pushing all of mankind  inevitably toward a final Armageddon. The men who forged the victory from  1939-1945 have become truculent, drunken dreamers, completely devoid of  hope (as heard in the hush of &quot;Paranoid Eyes&quot;). In &quot;One of  the Few&quot; the teacher believed that at one time he could have used his  job to shape the minds of the young, but he cannot do it in a positive  way...so he must &quot;make 'em lay down and die&quot;...in a figurative  sense. The themes of desperation lasting over from the war years find their  way into the present era (1983) with Britain's war with Argentina over  possession of the Falkland Islands. Waters' disdain of &quot;Maggie&quot;  Thatcher and her supposed imperialism is very evident here. &quot;The  Fletcher Memorial Home&quot; blasts full away at the leaders whose  war-mongering destroys the lives of men in body and spirit, the  &quot;wasters of life and limb&quot; being &quot;incurable tyrants&quot;.  &quot;Not Now John&quot; is tongue-in-cheek, but definitely hits dead on  target about the so-called &quot;free-trade&quot; world. Waters, who is a  socialist, surely had scornful things to say about the corporate world, and  no doubt lays the blame on the past century's countless wars and holocausts  squarely on their shoulders; he wears his heart squarely on his sleeve.  &quot;Two Sunsin the Sunset&quot; ends the album on a true downer: a  nuclear blast which comes in suddenly, and makes humanity &quot;all equal  in the end&quot;. Powerful stuff! Though truly negative, it is overall an  impressive collection. My only quibble would be that Waters tends to  overwordiness, and some help from Gilmour on trimming it down would have  been welcome. The patented Gilmour solos are still here, but come only in  bursts. Those who are faint of heart would do well to give this one a wide  berth. Pessimism is rampant on this, Waters' eventual swan song with Pink  Floyd before expanding his devastating visions further in his solo career.  To more adventurous types, whether you agree or disagree with Waters'  opinion, he makes a startling case for thinking the way he does.
B00004TJTS|5.0|As I write, my eyes begin to glisten from the ending of this wonderful  film.  A story of a young boy struggling with the numerous problems of  growing up and how he copes with the help of Skip, a lovable and talented  dog.  &quot;My Dog Skip&quot; is an excellent family movie; however,  parents will have a tough time explaining to their children the emotional  heartbreak that will definitely follow.
0618002219|5.0|The Hobbit: a young hobbit (by their standards) by the name of Bilbo  Baggins is thrown into a great adventure with the 13 dwarves and the wizard  Gandalf the Grey. Their quest is to go to the misty mountains and reclaim  the treasure and let their dwarf leader Thorin take back his throne. They  were driven away by the evil dragon smaug many years ago now they are back.  Yet, the most important thing that happens in the quest has nothing to do  with any of this, although it will change the world forever...<br /> I  recommend this book, because it is an epic fantasy that is so well written  and truly mind boggling. Tolkien takes you were you never could have gone  with out him; he takes you to a different world. That seems almost realer  than ours. If you like fantasy you will cherish this book.<br />By: Michael
B00003BDXG|1.0|Don't waste time or money on this banal nonsense. Stone says nothing in  this uh...&quot;film&quot;...that hasn't been said more cogently and with  far more intelligence in other films and books. <br />One could possibly live  with the sheer ugliness of the screenplay...if it weren't so...well...just  stupid. You may hear the word &quot;creative&quot; bandied about by the  studio's apologists...but don't believe them. There's no creativity in  here; it's all utterly predictable. You've seen it all in TV sitcoms,  &quot;movies of the week&quot;, and an assortment of brainless commercial  things that pander to teenagers and the basest of adult tastes.<br />The only  difference is that Stone &amp; Company try to &quot;outshock&quot; the  others under the pretensions of being an &quot;art movie.&quot; It's  pathetic.<br />If you want an intelligent...and entertaining...cinematic  exploration of the nature of violence go back nearly 30 years to Kubrick's  &quot;A Clockwork Orange.&quot;  Now there's a master film maker  interpeting a literary materpiece on the subject. <br />This thing: it's just  awful...in all regards. Worthless.
B00004X0M6|5.0|She has an amazing voice.
6305784116|3.0|This is the first animated feature that was released after Walt Disney's  death, and it shows.  While the film is pleasant, the meandering plot,  rehashed jokes, and long chase scenes may leave some viewers wishing for  more classical animated fare.  <br />If you are a Disney completist, this is  definitely worth buying, and it's alright for something new to watch...  nothing outstanding though.  Very much a &quot;middle-of-the-road&quot;  picture.
0792842731|2.0|TOMORROW NEVER DIES is a remake of SPY WHO LOVED ME, which was a ripoff of  YOU ONLY LIVE TWICE.<br />In TND, a billionaire tries to maneuver Britain and  Red China into a war, using his stealth ship.  Bond teams up with a sexy  Communist Chinese counterpart to foil the billionaire.<br />In SWLM, a  billionaire tries to maneuver the US and USSR into a war, using his  submarine (stealth ship).  Bond teams up with a sexy Communist Soviet  counterpart to foil the billionaire.<br />In YOLT, a billionaire tries to  maneuver the US and USSR into a war, using his volcano (stealth mountain).  Bond teams up with a sexy Japanese counterpart to foil the  billionaire.<br />Maybe it's because Bond is an adolescent taste, but I grew  bored with Bond as I entered the 1980s.  Maybe.  But I also think the  earlier Connerey/Moore films (and the Fleming books) are better than these  Dalton/Brosnan films.<br />There's something anemic about TOMORROW NEVER DIES.  Brosnan has the dark hair and Brit accent, yet he lacks Bond's presence.  The women are attractive, but they lack the charisma of the earlier women  -- Barbara Bach is still the best Bond woman.<br />Maltin is right, there's  something mechanical about TOMORROW NEVER DIES.  Anemic characters going  through the motions, engaging in the requisite car chases and  explosions.<br />There is one good motorcycle chase, with some new stunt  tricks.  But most of the film is been there, done that.<br />It's gotta be  tough coming up with new stunts and chases.  How many ways are there to  knock over a fruit cart?<br />Odd, how I vividly remember the Bond novels and  films from when I was 13, but how the newer Dalton/Brosnan films blur and  fade in my memory.
B00000J7S8|5.0|the ideal music for those wee small hours of the morning :) Wonderfully  performed, great selection of songs. Given her young age the maturity of  her performance is quite astounding. Let us only hope that she won't become  a corporate victim :)
B00004S6GL|5.0|This is an incredible offering by Mr. Smith.  The musical and lyrical  development from his earlier work is amazing (not to say that his older  albums aren't quite nice as well).  The album starts out with &quot;Son Of  Sam,&quot; possibly the best single in the last few years, heads through a  large selection of wonderful ballads (&quot;Somebody That I Used To  Know,&quot; &quot;Everything Reminds Me Of Her,&quot; &quot;Everything  Means Nothing To Me,&quot; &quot;Easy Way Out,&quot; etc.) and perfectly  crafted pop/rock masterpieces (&quot;L.A.,&quot; &quot;Junk Bond  Trader...&quot;) culminating in perhaps his best song ever: &quot;Wouldn't  Mama Be Proud.&quot;  There are a lot of interesting strings of ideas  travelling throughout the record; multiple references to the military and  to hospitals.  An incredible, beautiful, intruiging album, best served with  his cover of The Beatle's &quot;Because&quot; from American Beauty.  I  haven't decided between this and Travis' &quot;The Man Who&quot; for the  best album of the year.  Buy this and make mama proud.
B000000H64|5.0|How can I compare this CD to any other? it's impossible! Fear Factory has  a completely unique sound that isn't quite Death Metal... but it's far  better than that Korn and Limp Bizkit crap! Demanufacture has been my  favorite FF album for a long time, mainly because it isn't as weak as  Obsolete but has is less &quot;Death Metal&quot; than Soul of a New  Machine. Trust me, if you've never heard Fear Factory, nothing can prepare  you for their assaultive style. Demanufacture (the song) is hard, fast, and  aggressive. Self Bias Resistor is my favorite song on the album because of  its incessant, fast kick drums. Raymond Herrera is a GOD!!! Zero Signal and  Replica are also heavy songs, more standard FF stuff there... then comes  New Breed. New Breed is a nice combination of techno and Metal, with a  definite respect for both in-studio remixing and performing. Dog Day  sunrise is a good song, even though they probably could have done without  using someone else's work... Body Hammer and Flashpoint are very agressive,  and H-K is fast and hard, with more of those killer drums. Pisschrist is  very good, with growling vocals turning into singing near the end. A  Therapy for Pain is a nice, soft way to end the album. My recommendation:  buy this album and make your CD collection complete. Nothing can prepare  you for this incredibly talented band!
B00003OSTN|5.0|My god, people!  I hear people saying stuff like, &quot;Joan didn't  deserve the Oscar&quot;, &quot;It wasn't great acting&quot;, etc. Let me  say that anybody who subscribes to that belief needs to look a little bit  closer!  This is the performance of the century. You may not like this  woman because of Mommie Dearest (which nobody knows is true), but that  doesn't mean you can shamelessly criticize a legendary actress's  performance, of which recieved an Academy Award!  Watch it again!  But this  time, don't watch the movie.  Watch Joan!   Can you honestly imagine this  film being a success with anybody else?  Bette Davis would have put it to  shame, as much as I adore her. And the same goes for Barbara Stanwyck,  Katharine Hepburn, etc.  This is Joan.  And if you don't like her, don't  watch it!  And if you like the movie, then you should like Joan, because  this is the definition of Joan Crawford.  She was beautiful and talented.  She represented all the glamour and grandeur of the past, as does this  film, Mildred Pierce.  And if you can't face the reality; that people and  films were VERY grand in the 1940s, then no wonder you dislike Joan  Crawford.
B00004WKII|5.0|Well, I admit......I haven't even put one CD in the player yet, but just  the feel of the textured purple box, the awesome memorabilia-filled book,  and of course, the 4 CDs filled with all the heavy outtakes and peak  performances make this a five star masterpiece, without a doubt...Hey, I  was weaned on this music! .........I've heard some of these tracks in  various forms over the years......but there are still many first-time-heard  treasures that I cannot wait to listen to....plus the overall quality and  sequence will surely make this a must-have for any Hendrix fan and/or music  collector.<br />What are you waiting for....load it in and turn it up!!!
B00004RHZU|5.0|First &quot;There You Go&quot; the debut single from this album has been  played to death on Pop radio, however holds on and never gets  tired.<br />However, I think the second single &quot;Most Girls&quot; which is  racing up the Billboard Hot 100 Singles Chart is even a better single. This  rarely happens in the pop world where the second single out shines the  first.  &quot;Most Girls&quot; is pop hook/production at its best.  With  top notch production and supreme vocals from Pink.  The song has it all  pop, r&amp;b and a little opera flava with a soul twist.<br />The rest of the  album is also outstanding with breakouts like  &quot;Hiccup&quot;,  &quot;Split Personality&quot; and &quot;You Make Me Sick&quot;.  This album  has it all and never lets down its fans.<br />I am just surprised this album  has not been a bigger seller.  Pink has a future with her vocals and stage  presence if this lady can keep getting top notch producers and songwriters  she will be around a long time.
B000002NBY|5.0|The poet, singer, musician and visionary Paul Simon scores a huge triumph  with \\"Graceland,\\" his foray into South African, Zydeco, and pure funk  rhythms and sounds.  He starts out strong with \\"The Boy In The Bubble,\\" an  almost profound musing on our contemporary world:  \\"These are the days of  miracle and wonder / This is the long distance call / The way the camera  follows us in slo-mo / The way we look to us all,\\" then takes you right  into the title cut, \\"Graceland,\\" on which he is joined by the Everly  Brothers, a song filled with poignant metaphor and memorable images:  \\"The  Mississippi Delta / Was shining like a National guitar / I am following the  river / Down the highway / Through the cradle of the Civil War.\\"  \\"I Know  What I Know,\\" is a catchy, fun song followed by the upbeat, rhythmic  \\"Gumboots,\\" on which he is joined by The Boyoyo Boys.  A hook of South  African rhythms launches the hypnotic \\"Diamonds On The Souls Of Her Shoes,\\"  which features an a capella intro that sets the mood for a wonderfully  transporting piece of music.  Then it's fun again with the funky \\"You Can  Call Me Al,\\" filled with subtle humor that's like an invitation to sing  along.  Linda Ronstadt joins Simon on the melodic \\"Under African Skies,\\" a  lilting tune with the pensive refrain:  \\"This is the story of how we begin  to remember / This is the powerful pulsing of love in the vein / These are  the roots of rhythm / And the roots of rhythm remain.\\"  The South African  sound predominates the driving \\"Homeless,\\" on which Ladysmith Black Mambazo  joins in; this song, which incorporates Zulu is not only uplifting, but  mesmerizing.  The South African band Stimela backs up Simon on the  syncopated \\"Crazy Love, Vol. II,\\" another song laced with subtle humor:   \\"Fat Charlie the Archangel / Sloped into the room / He said I have no  opinion about this / And I have no opinion about that.\\"  The Zydeco  influence takes over on the rousing \\"That Was Your Mother,\\" which rings  with accordion, drums, washboard and sax that evokes the spirit of Clifton  Chenier, the \\"King of the Bayou.\\"  And for the grand finale, it's one that  will really grab you, \\"All Around The World Or The Myth Of Fingerprints,\\"  on which he is joined by the East L.A. band, Los Lobos; it's a song that  will take you along with it, and have you singing all the way.  It's a  terrific finish to a terrific album.  This is one of Simon's best; it'll  grab you by the soul, and once it has you it isn't going to let you go.   For anyone who hasn't heard this album, it's a great experience just  waiting to happen.
B00004TRD8|5.0|1) Sharp images. 2) Cool metal case. 3) 3 Versions ( Versions 2 &amp; 3  didn't seem to show up in PowerDVD 1.5 - works with WinDVD 2.1 ) - no  easter egg codes reqd :) 4) Good sound. 5) Clips on the making of the movie  quite entertaining. 6) Other cool goodies (scripts, previews etc)
B00004WG28|3.0|This movie is amusing, but there's something missing. It's not bad, it's  just that the chemistry between the leads doesn't exist and the script  could have been better.
B00000K19E|5.0|Before seeing this movie I thought Keanu couldn't act, but the  Matrix  let's his talents shine through. Superb cast with special effects which do  not smother the plot. I really enjoy watching this movie over and over  again.
B00003CX6P|5.0|A strange and realistic movie.  Stays with you for a long time.  A sort of  modern-day Dorian Gray, with Tom Ripley sinking deeper and deeper into the  morass with each murder, but nothing staining his Dickie Greenleaf  persona.<br />The fight on the boat that leads to Dickie's murder was superbly  shot.  The Italian locations were just great.  Thought that the movie was  quite forward in terms of depicting Tom's sexual preferences.
0446608955|5.0|If I had know this was such a wonderful book I wouldn't have waited for  the paperback. As the beginning of the book warns, first I laughed and then  I cried. The love and devotion the 2 main characters found, through each  other and their faith, was truly memorable. This is one of the few books I  have read where I went back and read the ending several times, because it  was so touching. And the last 3-4 paragraphs blew me away - Mr. Sparks  writing allows the reader to draw their own conclusion to the final outcome  of the book. By far, his best to date!
B00000J7J4|5.0|This album is Carlos Santana at his finest.  Every song is so beautiful,  it's hard to pick a favorite.  The other artists on the album are  incredibly talented and add so much to Carlos Santana's outstanding talent.
0783226160|5.0|AN ALL TIME FAVORITE OF MINE!!!
0316777722|4.0|I was in tears I was laughing so hard during this book.  David Sedaris is  a wonderful writer.  He keeps your interest and the words flow so well  throughout.  Sedaris is great with dialog.  Every conversation is  realistic.  You only have to read his stuff once.  <br />Whether he is  describing music class when he is young or apartment shopping when older  Sedaris speaks with realism, wit and that ever present bit of sarcasism.   <br />I am not prone to peeking into other peoples windows but I love to walk  through the 'rich neighborhoods' and sort of NOTICE how those other people  live.  Sedaris describes his similar experience but with the humor that I  never thought of.<br />But this is a memoir not a novel so at times the book  losses a bit of focus.  It doesn't really go anywhere.  Even so it is  really fun to read and that's why I picked it up, to be entertained.  And I  was.  With that in my mind it is worth reading.  There are not many books  today that give you a good laugh and are well written too.
6305897786|1.0|What crap - reasonable start, suspenseful, nice nude scene, but then it  felt like they lost the last pages of the plot and just ran the  credits.<br />The only thing that's a bigger waste of time is typing a long  review of such trash.
6302824613|2.0|My parents took me to see this when it was in the cinemas in 1967. We were  expecting an actual BOND movie, with suspense, etc. And then we ended up  watching this poor attempt at slapstick satire. It's &quot;What's New  Pussycat&quot; warmed over. (And I don't even like &quot;What's New  Pussycat,&quot; even though Peter O'Toole is my favorite actor.) I will say  Herb Albert's theme song is brilliant, and almost worth the price of the  video, alone. I love that theme song!!
B00004SCX6|1.0|This is an album that has many catchy tunes with a good beat but I don't  think Britney &quot;did it again&quot;. The credit for both of her albums  popularity should go to the people whowrote the songs and music. It seems  to me that she is just a tool used to sell the albums by selling her  sexuality. Her singing is mediocre and very much drowned out by the backup  music. I've personally heard better karaoke. I did not write this to bash  Britney after all I have never met the girl;however as an avid music lover  I would not recommend this album to those who,like myself, would rather  listen to music whos popularity comes from the talent of a hard working  band, or the depth of lyrics written by the performer and not music that is  more of a fasion show.
B00004X0Q0|1.0|This is one of the worst CD's I have heard in quite a long time. Maybe I  had unrealistic expectations, but how can that be helped when a band is on  the Beastie Boys' label (Grand Royal), produced by Ross Robinson (Deftones,  Sepultura, etc....) and opened for Rage Against the Machine? If you are a  fan of any of those bands, I suggest you stay as far from this train wreck  as possible. I wish I could say one good thing, but I hated it all. The  vocals, the music, everything. I guess I can say that at least it was bad  consistently, every song was as terrible as the one before. Honestly, I  apologized to my CD player when I popped it out. I do not mean to step on  ATDI's fans, I just do not want anyone else to buy this CD under false  assumptions, as I did. If you are a fan of aggression, this is not the band  for you. This sounds more like Rufus Wainwright went lite punk. These guys  make Blink 182 sound hard. I guess Ross Robinson was tired of people  telling him they thought that Vanilla Ice hardcore CD he produced was the  worst album ever.
0783240503|5.0|I was very anxious to purchase this video when it came out, but worried  that the show would lose it's energy on video.  It absolutely did not.   Aside from a small gasp at the beginning &quot;Look...it's Donny Osmond  with long hair!&quot;, Donny absolutes owns this role.  Maria Friedman is  the best narrator.  She is hysterical throughout.  Everyone else was superb  also.  Sometimes I feel I am in the minority that believes theater is  **supposed** to be light and fun.  Just sit back on the couch, pop in this  video, and enjoy.  I dare you not to tape your feet and hum along!!!
0805062971|4.0|Desde el momento que lei el libro hasta que vi la pelicula, sabia que esto  era algo grande, cada generacion a tenido sus iconos, easy riders, Naranja  Mecanica, los libros de Castaneda y creo que la que define mejor a la  generacion de fines de siglo, sin duda es este gran libro, en cuanto lo lei  me senti identificado inmediatamente, solo quiero que recuerdes que: tu no  eres el contenido de tu cartera. tu no eres el auto que manejas...
6305662371|5.0|A beast of a movie!  This is everything you could ever ask for in a horror  movie(well,drama really,in this case,but that's nothing bad)!Great  acting,great direction,great effects(for their time),and of course,a great  screenplay authored by none other than Bill Blatty himself.  This is one  you can't miss.Forget all those teenybopper slasher flicks,this is the real  deal.Heck,it even bothers to stop and make you think(in what way does  Damien's mother ACTUALLY sereve the plot?Why did the clock stop when Father  Merrin was discussing the demon Pazuzu with the Arab?Who is the  white,glaring apparition that pops up during the exorcism,and in Karra's  dream?Could it be none other than...Satan?).  The Exorcist-coming Sept.22  to a theater near you with startling new footage.Be there...!
B00002MZ2C|4.0|To start off, I want to say something to &quot;A Music Fan&quot; who  posted these comments in his review of this album. &quot;I only bought it  for the song Guerilla Radio which is Da Bomb!ugh...(my shudder)Didn't pay  much attention to the rest though.&quot;  Listen here, FanBoy, you are the  worst of the worst kind of music listeners.  You take all the garbage on  the radio that is mostly crap anyway, and have what people tell you to like  crammed down your throat.  Finally, along come some good bands like Rage,  KoRn, Metallica, what have you, and you say &quot;Duh, I only like the one  song they play on the radio.&quot; BAAAAAAAAH.  BAAAAAAAAAH. You guys hear  that?  It's the sound of sheep following the radio stations!  Okay enough  anger, on with the review;<br />This album is great.  While it's not as  hard-hitting as their first self-titled album, it IS a great example of  well-thought out songwriting, and political views.  That reminds me: guess  what? Rage Against the Machine is NOT communist.  That's right.  In fact,  they were the big ticket at the &quot;Free Tibet&quot; concert, a tour in  which all the proceeds went to the Dalai Lama.  Yeah, sounds like a bunch  of commies would donate money to the Dalai Lama alright.  *sarcasm mode  off* Anyway, Rage has the same phenomenal guitarwork of Tom Morello, the  militant-poetry styled vocals of Zach de la Rocha, the on target hard-beat  drumming of Brad Wilk, and last, but not least, the pulse-pounding ryhthm  of bassist Y Tim K (formerly known as Tim Commerford).  De le Rocha's  &quot;rage&quot; (no pun intended) has never been expressed more clearly  than on this album, and his words have a strong sense of wisdom, hope, and  pity, for those caught up in the mind-numbing corruption of the modern  world.  Rage's lyrics almost PLEAD for YOU, the listener, to snap out of  your complacency and join the fight against evil.  These songs will make  your blood boil.  Rock on.
B00004YRQA|4.0|This is an item you actualy need for the ps2. whithout it you cant't save  which isn't much fun. Now I know it's a lot more expensive than past  psx[playstation] memory cards but it is a whole bunch larger. 8mb of  totally heart throbbing space for your saved games. Getting ps2,get this  memory card!
6305897786|2.0|Almost all the right elements were present; casting, cinematic mood,  musical score. All that appears to have been missing was a script. Not even  the brilliant performances of Johnny Depp, Lena Olin, Frank Langella and  Barbara Jefford can make up for the lack of true tension I have come to  expect from a Roman Polanski film. Its a fairly long film (133 min) that  spends most of that time building up to a totally non climatic ending.  Although the character development of the protagonist (Depp) was well done  and the photographic &quot;feel&quot; was superb, the plot lacked  sufficient substance to support all the build up.
B0000024UX|5.0|You can talk about the content of the new spice girls CD, but no saying  can say the content of music.<br />All i know is that this CD is music. And if  you are a spice girls fan, it's not for you.
B000002JS6|5.0|yessssss.. just be sure and crank the vol. to 11.  See this band live at  least once before you croak, and you will have lived a full and happy life.  long live rock and roll...
0780631153|5.0|This is the greatest movie than i ever seen!!!!!!!  Paul Thomas Anderson  is the best writer and director of all the 90, and an amazing peformance  of all the cast
B000001E7L|5.0|I have the 1st 3 CDs from the Cranberries and think that is one is the  best. I particularly like Zombie, The Icicle Melts, and No need to argue. I  really can't name a song that I don't like on the CD. I would suggest to  anyone who likes the Cranberries to buy this CD because I think it's the  best one.
B00000ILDE|5.0|Perhaps I should warn you right off that this review is probably biased  being that this movie is sitting atop of my favorite movies of all time  list. If you have never seen this movie before, you better clip your  nails.<br />As other reviewers have said before, this movie is completely  different from the original in its format. This is one hard-hitting,  fast-paced, throttle-your-throat type of movie. There aren't very many  pauses in the movie that allow you to breathe once the feverish action  begins.<br />It's a little known fact that this movie was actually nominated  for Best Picture at the Oscars, it didn't win, of course. Sigourney Weaver  was nominated for her role in this film, which isn't surprising since it  was a powerhouse of a performance. The film's endless unpredictability  keeps you on your toes, the frantic race for survival is enough to keep  your heart pumping as though you were on a treadmill. There's special  effects too (in which case DID win the Oscar for that category) which are  simply stunning for its time.<br />Then there's James Cameron. A notorious  perfectionist, he has remarkably turned the aliens into a frightening  revelation, and let's not forget to credit the design of those horrendous  creatures to H.R. Giger. One of the themes of this movie that some people  probably overlook is that of feminism. Cameron (think about his movies) is  a die-hard feminist, and in this movie, he lets his thoughts be well-known  with Weaver and the big bad momma that everybody on the block runs away  from. This movie, at its core, is really a fight between mothers,  protecting her child(ren). Their maternal instincts kick in and inevitably  heads towards a catalysmic fight. At the end, one realizes it's not so much  a fight of good vs. evil, but a matter of survival and protecting the  offspring. The marines, the planet, weapons, etc., are merely backdrops to  this confrontation. <br />I have to say, though, being a guy and all, I loved  watchingthe marines, their camaraderie, tough-guy attitude, especially  Hudson right before he goes down, that alone is a treat to watch!<br />It's  amazing that Cameron infuses such a powerful theme (never mess with mama)  and yet is able to create such a enjoyable masterpiece that I never get  tired of watching. <br />I've only seen the special edition on DVD a couple of  times (it was the first DVD I bought...of course) but I immediately liked  what I saw. This is one entertaining DVD packed with features and a very  nifty interface.<br />Get this flick...even if you're not a big fan of sci-fi  or Weaver, you'd definitely would appreciate this movie and see why it was  nominated for a few Oscars.
B00004SCX6|1.0|first of all she deserves 0 stars and no she didn't deserve a grammy.the  grammy awards are only for talented artists and who said that christina is  a copy from britney?..because you think that britney appeared before  her.well excuse me ladies and gentle men we all know that they both  appeared in the mmc club and the soundtrack of mulan was before (baby one  more time).which proves that christina already started her career in that  soundtrack.with her powerful voice and talent she got what she deserved and  i know how jealous you are people. now back to my review for this stinking  album first of all what's with the copy of mariah's butterfly album cover  don't u know how to create your own cover. i heared this album from my  sister's friend and it was annoying i was about to destroy her stereo.i  always listen to pop music but now i switched to r&amp;b because of today's  pop music disaster.i've noticed that mostly young people like her.no i am  not an old lady i'm 16 and i hate britney spears espeacially her ugly face  that i can't stand looking at and her robot voice gets on my nerves.i hope  she disappears very soon she is ruining the young by her fake breasts and  artificial beauty i mean come on have you seen her without makeup?
0790749815|5.0|NORTH BY NORTHWEST was my favorite Hitchcock film for many years.  I was a  teenager and much preferred Hitch's classy, sexy man-on-the-run film to any  of the films of the 80's (besides STAR WARS!)  The just-released DVD of  this 1959 film looks excellent.  The colors and crispness of the picture  are truly extraordinary.  Again, I praise the benefits of DVD!  And this  disc is such a great example of how to do it right, especially with our  older films.<br />The documentary that accompanies the film is hosted by Eva  Marie Saint (who is still a handsome and classy lady).  Although not as  thorough as the documentaries on recent Hitch DVD releases (MARNIE, THE  BIRDS...) this one will do.  There are some nice behind the scenes photos  and info.  The documentary director seems to skim over everything,  however.<br />My favorite thing about NORTH BY NORTHWEST (besides all the  obvious Hitch directing embelishments...) is the script by Ernest Lehman.  This is a GREAT script.  And no one writes sexy leading man and leading  lady dialogue like Lehman:  &quot;I'm a big girl,&quot; coos Eva Marie  Saint.  &quot;Yes, and in all the right places,&quot; responds suave Cary  Grant.  This is just perfect!  And the sex is implied.  I am not a prude --  it is just so smart the way Lehman &quot;hooks up&quot; Grant and Saint in  the train scene.  You don't need to show them having sex.  And when we get  to the auction scene later in the film, Saint gives such an emotional  performance that you know is rooted in the train scene.<br />And the chase at  Mt. Rushmore in the final reel is very exciting and stylistic all at once.   Hitch is a genius.<br />Welcome, NORTH BY NORTHWEST, to the modern world!   You've never looked better.
0671034065|2.0|I am a avid fan of Linda Howard. I believe I have read just about all her  books. She is a wonderful story teller and the flow of her narrative makes  for a fast paced read. However with this said , I was disappointed in this  book. The story line was very thin. Within the first hundred I had the  killer. Additionally it is never wise to use the dialogue alone to advance  the story line and that,s what this book does. I know this is a new genre  for her but All The Queens Men and Kill and Tell were also thin in s tory.  We want richer and more complex characters and story lines
B0000203Y5|5.0|It's amazing how little most of us know about Cuba or its people.  The  news gives us only part of the story, and most films look at either the  past or are purely political in nature.  Wim Wenders' &quot;The Buena Vista  Social Club&quot; provides a wonderful view of not only life in Cuba today,  but the glorious musical history of Cuba's past.  Forgotten musicians and  vocalists are shown at home, in the recording studio, and in concert  outside of Cuba, performing music that the people know, but apparently  don't (or can't) acknowledge publicly in their own country.  This is a  wonderful slice of life and culture that most Americans have no idea  exists.  Credit should go to Ry Cooder and his son, who comment on what the  music and experience means to them.  An enjoyable documentary.
B00004T9UF|1.0|Whoa, this is one bad dude! Reminds me of Vanilla Ice protesting he  &quot;came from the streets&quot; and showing off a scar he got shaving his  legs. &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; sounds like a sped-up nursery rhyme.  The other cuts are about &quot;Bubby's&quot; hard life, oh and a couple  about how hard it was to sell his first album 'cause it was so  groundbreaking (yeah it only went triple platnum?). Hey, great CD for  &quot;chillin wid my homes&quot; on the way to the mall in mom's Volvo  wagon. Peace, out!
0812589041|2.0|In retrospect, this was a good story due to the superior last two  chapters.  The first thirteen chapters barely kept my interest.  Through  out those chapters, I found it very hard to relate to a bunch of seven and  eight-year-olds who had the responsibility and intellect of grown men.  I  was also disturbed by what almost seemed like a deep seeded sexual interest  between Ender and his sister.  In the end, I almost didn't want to enjoy  the last seventy pages because by that time I had so much resentment for  the book--but those pages were just so good.
B00003CXDG|4.0|Hi, Everyone!<BR> <BR>  Personally, I think the problem mostly made MI2 not to be a SUPER movie is the story.  The entire movie is no long like  a spy movie as Mission Impossible 1.  It has became an ACTION movie at all.   And it's too simple to be a Big Hollywood movie.  <BR> <BR>  Tom  Cruise still gave his best to MI2 as the past movies he led.  In MI2, he  did a lot dangerous action by hiself.  That happened because (I think) he  knew the story couldn't capture the attention of audiences.<BR> <BR>   John Woo....I'm from Hong Kong and have been seeing lot of his movies  whatever he created in Hong Kong or Hollywood.  Yes, some of the action  looks similar to those in his past movies, but He is still the MAN who  create action sequences that lot of Hollywood top action directors couldn't  create.  For those American audiences, I hope you understand it's not easy  for a Chiinese director as John to direct a millions-dollars-production  movie in United States.  But I'm happy to see American people found  greatness from Hong Kong that's just a place as little as a tiny dot in  World Atlas.<BR> <BR>  Anyway, I would say MI2 is a Good movie.
B00000I2PG|5.0|No matter how you feel about &quot;eighties music,&quot; &quot;synth  pop,&quot; &quot;new romantic&quot; or any other now meaningless terms,  this is an incredible creative achievement that belongs in any serious  musical collection. Comparisons to Bowie and Roxy Music are appropriate,  but do not tell the whole story: this is one of the catchiest, most  enjoyable pop records of all time. The remastered sound and bonus track are  an extra plus. If you don't have this record, your collection is  incomplete, and your ears are poorer for it.
044022425X|5.0|I have read the series and can not say enough about this book.  The author  has followed through so well.  The book is wonderful. I have read other  series and can honestly say that this one picks up where the other left off  with out any confusion.  I have enjoyed this book so much and hope to see  the next very soon. My sister and sister-in-law read as much as I.  We  trade books and usually don't expect the books returned.  We just pass them  on to someone else.  These books I will keep so I may reread them again.  I  have not enjoyed a book as much as I have this writers books.  I would  recomend any one who enjoys reading about the Scottish and the early  America's to buy this series.  They are so entertaining and enjoyable.   Once you start to read the first it is hard to put them down till you have  read through all 4.  Then it leaves you waiting for the next to arive.  I  hope to see more of this series soon and other series of hers in the near  future.  She writes to make you fell you are a part of the book.  You fell  you are a part of the book and experiencing the scenes of the book  yourself.  If you buy this series you will not regret it.  It is money well  spent and will give you house of enjoyment.
B00003CXHJ|1.0|There is nothing in this movie that anyone needs to see.  It contains no  factual information and it is boring.
B00000637V|5.0|Everyone always gives Pink Floyd's The Wall, the most credit as being the  starting point for depressing material and albums. Though, six years before  Lou Reed's magnificiantly somber album graced us with its presence. I think  this album is a true work of genious, and at the end, I always yearn for  more anguish. Each track has a personality and destinction of its own, and  like all of Reed's work, remain fresh and original. From the haunting  opening track (sound effects of someone singing &quot;Happy Birthday&quot;  in a sadistic ghastly tone), to the beautifully bleak epilogue, each cue  makes me think more and more that Lou is one of finest lyricists/musicians  in history. I listen to this album atleast four times a week. Don't worry,  I'm not psychotic, just an aficianado of fine work.
B00003CXDG|1.0|If this movie sucked any worse we would all be in trouble because the low  pressure caused by such suckiness would create a black hole destroying all  life on this planet.  Matter of fact if it destroyed all copies of this  movie it might be worth it if the planet was swallowed whole by a quantum  singularity.
B00000IL1K|4.0|My favorite song on this one is The Haunting and Beautiful 'Deliver Me'  That's the main reason I got this CD. I then grew to like all the others. I  thought her Italian rendition of 'My Heart Will Go On' also just as  emotional and intense as Celine's version. <br />An beautiful and sweet album.
B000000Y2F|5.0|Of course we all love Charlie Rouse, but Monk and Trane together just has  such a great feel. This is one of those records that every jazz listener  should make a part of his early collection. I actually prefer the Monk  alone albums for Monk myself. Try Monk alone in S.F.
B00004TLMC|5.0|I can't put my finger on it yet. But it's really an intense and awesome  movie!!! It's one of those types to watch many times. You get more and more  out of it each time you see it. <br />The visuals are so 'A-La'Shining-esqe'  So is most of the instrumental music. The tempo of the movie is a bit  drawn-out and slow, but that just adds to the intensity and depth. It's a  very 'cerebral' movie. <br />The 'House' music was extremely  mesmerizing,haunting and the surreal images and the 'Ritual'scenes we come  upon is just sooooo captivating to the senses!!!<br />This movie seems like a  blend of 'Shining' 'Jacobs Ladder' and a bit of '9 1/2 Weeks'. Cruise and  Kidman put in excellent, realistic performances. <br />Hats off to Kubrick for  another thought-provoking film. He will be sorely missed.
B000003N7K|5.0|A must have for anyone who loves male jazz vocals. This is truly the best  Johnny Hartman has to offer. A great collaboration that makes you feel  truly blessed to own.
B000002L9M|5.0|This is one of my favorite Depeche Mode albums.  It has just the right mix  of synth and goth to paint the perfect shade of black.  It is moody,  mysterious, even puzzling, with songs like &quot;Black Celebration&quot;  and &quot;A Fly On The Windscreen.&quot;  There are wonderful slower tracks  like &quot;A Question Of Lust,&quot; &quot;Sometimes,&quot; and &quot;It  Doesn't Matter Two.&quot;  The coolest are &quot;Stripped&quot; and  &quot;Here Is The House&quot; which remain tops with me to this day.  The  3/4 tempo of &quot;Dressed In Black&quot; is different and not pretentious,  rather bold.  &quot;But Not Tonight&quot; is a great closer.  Overall a  dark aural landscape.  Many memories...
0060900075|2.0|This is an interesting book -- it is really two books in one -- &quot;The  Doors of Perception&quot;, in which Huxely recalls his first experience  using mescalin, and &quot;Heaven and Hell&quot;, which is considerably more  speculative. Of the two, the latter is by far the better book. The former  deals mainly with the mescalin experience itself, which I can assure you,  is impossible to convey in print. One caveat here for potential  psychonauts, however: Read Wilson's account of his own mescalin experiment  in his &quot;Beyond the Outsider&quot; as well as Sartre's experiment with  the drug. How one reacts to the chemical depends wildly upon one's own  personality. Most people will not react the way that Huxely did, as he  tended to intellectualise the whole world -- to think instead of doing. One  cannot expect a simply blissful experience regardless of one's state of  mind and personality -- these are factors in the trip. Huxely took a small  dose and never suffered from ego dissolution common with higher doses. If  he had, he may have had a greater insight into the ideas that he used in  his &quot;Perennial Philosophy&quot;. The Hindoos of India used to use soma  (a undetermined psychoactive similar to mescalin in its effects) to achieve  a sort of cosmic consciousness in which one regards oneself as being at one  with the Brahman, the all-pervading universal spirit. What he did not  mention is that mystics from many religious traditions mention that they  can often get into states very similar to mescalin-induced ecstasies via  meditation, something that is infinitely preferable to ingesting a foreign  substance, as it is not of much use unless reproducible at will. His ideas  in the latter volume are more along these lines, although he does mention  some things that could be dangerous. He suggests that most people could  benefit from a &quot;mescalin holiday&quot;. I totally disagree. For the  more indulgent, it could prove a disaster. Huxely was a man of exquisite  self-control; others who do not possess such control may be in for problems  if introduced to such a powerful drug (the &quot;Beat&quot; Poets come to  mind). Also, to many it would be merely unsettling and disturbing, while  for others a means of escape from the real world. His speculations about  the brain being &quot;Mind At Large&quot;, to use Broad's term, is  intriguing, but offers no evidence in support of it. The notions that most  religious experiences being closely related to the mescalin experience may  prove insightful, but as for now, most use this book as an excuse for  irresponsible recreational drug use. Comical, pathetic, even absurd at  points, it nevertheless makes a point that many others fail to grasp, which  he should have used to more effect in the &quot;Perennial Philosophy&quot;  -- that at the heart of religion and human life, is an experience of  reality which the conscious mind conceptualises until the world and life is  less of an experience than a symbol. Zen students may find this perspective  quite enlightening. For a more detailed look at psychoactive  experimentation, see R. H. Ward's &quot;A Drug Taker's Notes&quot; and the  notes from William James' experiment with Nitrous Oxide. Also, for  information on reproducing the mescalin experience at will, look into  research on Kundalini yoga and tantrism.
B000002BHE|4.0|From the echo of the chord that introduces the album's first cut (It's All  Coming Back to Me Now), this is a journey of the heart. Celine Dion has  found the realm of lost love and sings of her discovery.  The melodies and  words of her music will set your heart on a journey.  Listen with one you  love as the provocative Celine explores your deepest feelings with such  selections as track #5 (Seduces Me).  To know such love is to understand  the passion captured on this CD, and the spirit that this incomparable  vocalist has come to share.  This is an album in which Celine finds the  perfect way to sing love loud and strong with rhythm and with soul...soft  and deep with the voice's most compelling caress.  The album FALLING INTO  YOU will capture your heart as its melodies linger in your mind and its  passion haunts your soul.  It is an album that sings from Celine's heart  and yours.
B000002J6F|5.0|Stills didn't need this wonderful record to be a major rock'n'roll figure.   He'd written several great songs for Buffalo Springfield and CSN.  But his  solo albums were usually uneven except for this one.  By concentrating on  rock'n'roll and hard country he hit a songwriting streak for the Manassas  record.  There wasn't as much of the singer/songwriter material.  The  Manassas band featured superb slide and pedal steel guitar by Al Perkins  and Latin percussion by Joe Lala.  Ex--Byrd and Burrito Brother Chris  Hillman sang backup and played rhythm guitar and mandolin instead of his  usual bass.  He also co-wrote the best song on the record.  The only  complaint is occasionally hasty recording which couldn't be fixed by  remastering.  But that's a quibble.  This is a great record and it would  surprise both Stills detractors and Stills fans.
B000002BHE|4.0|From the echo of the chord that introduces the album's first cut (It's All  Coming Back to Me Now), this is a journey of the heart. Celine Dion has  found the realm of lost love and sings of her discovery.  The melodies and  words of her music will set your heart on a journey.  Listen with one you  love as the provocative Celine explores your deepest feelings with such  selections as track #5 (Seduces Me).  To know such love is to understand  the passion captured on this CD, and the spirit that this incomparable  vocalist has come to share.  This is an album in which Celine finds the  perfect way to sing love loud and strong with rhythm and with soul...soft  and deep with the voice's most compelling caress.  The album FALLING INTO  YOU will capture your heart as its melodies linger in your mind and its  passion haunts your soul.  It is an album that sings from Celine's heart  and yours.
B000002LIM|5.0|The 80's were considered the start of some of Elfman's best scores.  One  of those scores was for Batman.  It's very dark and gloomy and fits with  the gothic Gotham City and the movie's hero.  The Batman theme is simply  the best and most heroic theme I've heard.  Elliot's Batman theme doesn't  come close to the magnificence of Elfman's version.  The score makes heavy  use of it but it never gets old.  The score is particularly unique because  of the giant size of the orchestra which was uncommon back then but Elfman  handled despite being new to the movie business.  Joker's theme is  hilarious and sounds great as a crazy and dark waltz on track 18.  The love  theme is also great and fits well with the dark nature of the movie.  From  start to finish, this heroic score is worthy of any real soundtrack fan. I  HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT.
B00004S8Q9|2.0|Dusk is quite different than the two previous albums in the fact that it's  much more of a jam and little mistakes were kept. (timing,key) Gillan  sounds great but very different which is cool because he really sings in  his lower range a lot which is nice. Song writting is isn't too hot but if  you dig Badlands and have the other  two cd's then better get this one too.
B00004TJTQ|5.0|I watched this movie recently on pay-per-view. This movie is up thee as  probably the best I have seen. This movie was a excellent, clean, family  movie.
0440213525|5.0|&quot;Incredible&quot; is the only word that comes to my mind describing  this book. I think it's Grisham's best book so far. Though English is not  my native language, I found it amazing to enter the world of little Mark  Sway and go through his &quot;nightmare &quot; together with him.  Originally reading this book was meant as a mean of improvement of my  English. But within only few pages, I was tied up by this book and couldn't  stop reading regardless of the fact whether it would help me or not.<br />I  hope you'll make the same experience as I made with this book!
B00004TFK3|3.0|There's no need for me to write about this movie.  Many before have done  so, and many will follow, with the usual, \\"It's a great movie\\" stuff.  And,  unfortunately, this info will get buried with the reviews that follow. But  I hope a few of you get a chance to read it before it slides back into the  next pages.<br />For the extra bucks you pay for this Limited Edition of one  of my all-time favorite movies, here's what you get: a pasteboard box (NOT  a plastic keep case!) with the disk info on the back attached with  something a little more sticky than spit. That was my first, and very  lasting, impression.  <br />The extra disk, while briefly amusing, was a  disappointment. The part where the Edgar Bug Fight scene (and the MiB car  transformation scene) is deconstructed \\"using angles\\" merely allows you to  switch through five presentations from storyboard through final edit. By  using the angle button you actually destroy the evolution; if you allow it  to play it will start the sequence again at the next level.<br />The  long-awaited editing workshop is a joke. You are given three different  scenes, each with three shots. Then make one of three choices for each shot  and play the results. Looks good on paper, but it's actually much less  interesting. Quite tedious.<br />There is an extra audio commentary track, but  how many times do you actually watch a movie with the commentary track  turned on? And if you want to watch the music video, you have to go to the  second disk.<br />This is a GREAT movie. But the only way I can recommend this  version is if you absolutely have to have the full screen presentation,  which is unavailable on the \\"cheaper\\" model.
B000031XCR|1.0|no offense or anything to those of you who dig this stuff, but, imho:  &quot;please, spare me!&quot;
B00004WKII|5.0|There's really nothing I can say about this release except that it's 4  discs worth of Jimi!  What else is there to say?  No one was a better live  performer (half the songs are live performances) and no one else in history  that I can think of squeezed out so many classic and breathtakingly  original tunes in such a small span of time (3 and a half years).  It's all  here, live performances, alternate studio takes (hey joe is great!) and of  course the never heard before songs which are worth the price by  themselves.
B000025AJM|5.0|This is the best King Crimson offering I've heard so far. &quot;21st  Century Schizoid Man&quot; and &quot;In the Court Of The Crimson King&quot;  are wonderfully superb, progressively hard-rocking bookends. The pages of  this book contain somewhat somber, moody songs like &quot;I Talk To The  Wind&quot;, &quot;Epitaph&quot; and &quot;Moonchild&quot;. There is a  relaxed instrumental which follows &quot;Moonchild&quot; titled &quot;The  Dream And The Illusion&quot;. &quot;In The Court Of The Crimson King&quot;  is truly a work of art. You'll want to add this masterpiece to your  collection.
0792846303|5.0|this 1980 classic horror film returns to haunt a new generation from mgm  home video!! the only thing that disapoints me about mgm rereleases is when  they finally get to the release on dvd they dont release the versions that  were previosly out on laser that contained the all important commentary  tracks!! i cant wait to see what they do for the dvd of this one since  escape from new york has been announced for november 2000 release and will  sorely miss the commentary tracks.the point we all need to get across to  mgm is we want all the info that they can give us for the money we are  spending on these discs and how hard is it gaining the rights to the  additional supliments  that were on the originallaser release!the fog for  instance had a galore of addional juicy content ! apart from commentary the  laser contained behind the scenes making of,all the original trailers wich  there were about 10 or so,and a neat cover art front and back! we can only  hope by the time they release this classic on disc they will give it its  due comming!!<br />                             jackcrow67
6304681496|4.0|This movies great!  It has all the types of characters you could possibly  ask for.  All the actors do a great job!  That Malkovich makes a great bad  guy!  The action sequences are great, after a while you get more &amp; more  amazed by each event.  I love the music in the movie!  By the rock  guitarrest Trevor Rabin.  The hard rock fits the movie great.  One of those  action movies that you love to love!
630382790X|5.0|I can't imagine this is a true story. I want everyone to see this film and  know the truth. Tom Hanks played very good. I'd like to recommend everyone  this great movie. Thank you.
0380804557|5.0|Assuming that you're versed in the Sandman series, Stardust will be best  appreciated by those who hold the &quot;A Game of You&quot; story arc and  Sandman 17 (A Midsummer Night's Dream) in high regard. Like those, Stardust  allows Gaiman to play in the world of faerie... that's faerie, not fairies  -- Gaiman has no use for the happy little winged pests that haunt English  gardens. This book is populated with the type of faerie who are more likely  to play a horrible prank on you or outright kill you. Or maybe they'll  treat you like a king. Who knows.  Anyway, Stardust is fantasy of the  highest order. It's not the longest book [it was written in longhand  because Gaiman wanted to write a tale that wasn't bloated (his word, not  mine, during an interview with him) by 60 wpm typing skills] but it is  filled with Gaiman's usual unparalleled imagination (A flying boat that  fishes for lighting bolts in storm clouds!) and is a charming love story.  If possible buy the DC hardcover version with Charles Vess' beautiful  watercolor paintings and ribbon bookmark. Truly a treasure.
B000000WHX|5.0|1991 was an amazing year for music. There were many great and influential  albums. But this group from Bristol, England single- handedly invented a  new type (or genre) of music that would get the silly name of Trip -Hop.  But what's in a name anyway ? Massive Attack stood the world of music on  it's ear with this landmark disc. I don't know anyone who has listened to  this disc a few times who didn't love it. I won't try to describe the  music, I'll just tell you that it was so unique (in 1991) that it changed  music in the 90's as much, if not more, than any other disc has done  before. Get this CD and your buying a landmark disc that should be in  everyone's collection.
0195117298|4.0|someone is misunderstood, I did not read and pre-published hype for this  book so maybe my expectations were much lower.  But I found this book to be  useful in one way, the same way as I find all other books, it helped show  me another side of the story.  In a world that the winner gets to tell his  story, I love to hear this: &quot;Science advances in curious ways, and  scientists are often curiously unconcerned with foundation.  Descartes was  one of the greatest philosophers, yet in that first book in 1632 he never  gave a moment's thought to the defination of motion.  We are so used to  living on the solid earth that it seems unproblematic to say that a body  moves in a straight line.  If the Inquisition had not condemned Galileo,  Descartes would never have argued for the relativity of motion.  But for  the inconsistency of his system, Newton would not have made an issue out of  absolute spafe and time.  He would not have devised the bucket argument,  Mach might never have had his novel idea, adn Einstein would not have been  inspired to his greatest creation.<br />Had the Inquisition condemned Galileo  a few months later, Descartes would have published his ideas in their  original form - and general relativity might never have been  found.&quot;<br />This being a good thing that general relativity would have  never been found.  I understand some people may not even understand general  relativity, let alone understand what is wrong with it.  but it is  refreshing to see that the true great thinkers in our past are still fresh  in todays greatest minds! <br />Rock on Julian...
B00003CXDD|5.0|WILLOW is a terrific movie, one of my favorites of all time.  Val Kilmer, who can often seem a little too &quot;weird&quot; or simply annoyed to be  there in some of his other roles, is the perfect reluctant hero.  Joanne  Whaley (Kilmer) is the best female fantasy character ever filmed.  She's  neither too vulnerable nor too testosteroned.  The only other  &quot;princess&quot; that can even hold a candle to her is Buttercup from  THE PRINCESS BRIDE, but as much as I love TPB, I feel that Sorsha is a  cooler heroine.  Warwick Davis puts in an excellent central performance and  is the heart of the film.  The special effects were terrific, the story is  simple yet rich, so that the film stands up to repeated viewings.  Simply  put, this was the last great fantasy film, and certainly one of the best of  all time.<br />Now if only they would release it on DVD.  My VHS copy long ago  went the way of the socks in the dryer (i.e. lost between moves).  I know  Lucas invested $$ in Laserdisc, but it's time for him to give it up and  release STAR WARS, RAIDERS, and WILLOW on DVD.  Pretty please George?
B00003CXFG|5.0|Pitch Black was arguably one of the most overlooked films of the early  year.  Although the setting of the film could seem routine to a casual  viewer(space travelers stranded and bickering on a hostile planet infested  with alien nasties), director David Twohy's wonderful use of color and  stylistic flourishes more than makes up for any trivial complaints.<br />For  those of you curious about the film's plot, it deals with a group of  marooned space &quot;passengers&quot; who spend the majority of their time  searching for a way to evacuate a harsh desert planet. Their efforts are  unexpectedly forced to quicken however when they discover a particularly  vicious type of nocturnal alien ready to emerge to the planet's surface  during an eclipse. <br />Viewers can't help but like the film's villainous  hero(played by Vin Diesel of Saving Private Ryan and Boiler Room)who brings  to memory Arnold Schwarzenegger's famous role as the Terminator.  <br />The  film looks and sounds great and has more than a few moments of nail-biting  tension thrown in for good measure.  For Science Fiction fans this is a  must-see.  And as for the rest of you, try giving this fine movie a  chance.<br />You'll thank me when you do.
B00000K2SC|5.0|THIS MOVIE IS ACTION PACKED FROM BEGINNING TO END. THIS MOVIE LEAVE YOU  WANTING MORE. KEANU REEVES PLAYS HIS CHARACTER WELL AND DOES THE OTHER  PEOPLE IN THE MOVIE.IF YOU DON'T HAVE THIS MOVIE GO GET IT
0780627024|5.0|\\"Pleasantville\\" is the greatest movie of our generation, a movie that slaps the collectivistic liberal left in the face, and laughs at the attempts of the conservative right to dictate our actions. It is movie about individualism and the beauty of life for life's sake. Only after the characters truely understand what it means to be free were they able to turn color (notice how Reese Witherspoon's charcter, who takes her 1990's afforded freedoms for granted, takes the longest to turn color). The freedom the writers understand is not only political freedom (capitalism), but more importantly, it is a personal liberation from the perceptions of others.<br />This is not another tired movie preaching the liberal mantra of \\"tolerance.\\" Rather, this movie flies in the face of \\"tolerance\\" and begins to expose racism for what it is; another form of collectivism. Rather then preach tolerance of groups (another form of collectivism), Pleasantville tells us that real freedom is rooted in the individual. True freedom is the ability to act completely for one's own sake, and not to succumb to evil of selflessness (altrusim).<br />Pleasantville is my favorite movie precisely because it does not apologize for individualism.
B00000K2SC|5.0|THIS MOVIE IS ACTION PACKED FROM BEGINNING TO END. THIS MOVIE LEAVE YOU  WANTING MORE. KEANU REEVES PLAYS HIS CHARACTER WELL AND DOES THE OTHER  PEOPLE IN THE MOVIE.IF YOU DON'T HAVE THIS MOVIE GO GET IT
B00003CXHJ|1.0|OK. <br />I am a big fan of movies, and I love war movies, especially the old  style ones.<br />And I love 'Das Boot'. And I agree with everyone who says  these two films cannot be compared. Because, frankly, they can't.<br />'U-571'  is an absolutely terrible movie, not deserving of being rated alongside  such greats and 'Das Boot'. It is very difficult to get me to dislike a  movie, as all my friends will tell you. But this one did it.<br />The film was  promising. The fact that it was totally fictional did get to me a bit, but  I went along to see it with a couple of friends, with high-hopes.<br />But  man, were they dashed early !<br />The film did attempt to advertise itself as  'real'. At least over here, in the UK. This was a bad idea, because it's  innacuracy is incredible.<br />It is an insult to the real heroes who broke  the enigma. Who, was not, by the way, American. It was an Australian in a  British team who broke the code. And it did not involve hijacking a  U-boat.<br />The characters in this film are also incredibly 2D, if you can  actually differentiate between them in the first place. They all look very  similar, and do not develop at all. And, no, being told you can't be a  sub-captain, and then becoming one through fake (and impossible) disaster  and your ex commander saying 'go, you're in charge now', even though he was  your greatest enemy for the job does not count as development.<br />Also, as  my friend pointed out, if you could run a U-boat on 7 guys, they would  have.<br />The flaws in this film are just too many to count. You just don't  know where to begin. We were talking of them for ages after seeing the  film. So I guess it left an impression, and got us talking, and I guess in  the Andy Kaufman sense of things, that is good. But, you know, I don't  think it is when it's a blockbusting movie.<br />Why is it all war movies are  'Americans go in and save the day, no thanks to anyone else' ? (even when  they aren't IN the war at the point a movie may take place ...)<br />It is  annoying. I can put up with 'Saving Private Ryan'. It is an damn fine film,  and so you can overlook the fact that the British took that sector of the  Beach, and used completely different transports. It has humanity, and shows  war.<br />'U-571' shows nothing but a recycled attempt at a gun-ho film where  there's perfect evil (the Natzis - and they were not all that evil, a lot  were forced to fight ... 'Das Boot' shows this ...) and perfect heroes.  <br />The suspense is non-existant. The plot is very thin (if there is  anything more than 'capture boat, and keep box' then someone please tell me  !). The acting is on occassions good, but generally sub-par. The atmosphere  even is awful !<br />And, everyone in the cinema seemed to find it very  difficult to sit through this one, with many people leaving during the  movie (a lot of older people left, no doubt due to the insults this film  represents to a terrible point in thieir history). My friends and I sat  through it due to our policy of not walking out on films, but we were well  tested here.<br />One redeeming quality, the soundtrack is very good.<br />But,  please, don't see this film. If you do, do not believe a word of anything.  And do not believe that that is what war was like.<br />Better idea is to see  'Das Boot', for a sub film, or 'Bridge On The River Kwai' for an excellent  war film. And 'Saving Private Ryan' has the humanities part covered.
B00000J7J4|3.0|It is never popular to downplay a Grammy Award winning money maker,  however, this album just doesn't match up to all the hoopla.  I have been a  big fan of Carlos Santana since Bill Graham caught him sneaking into the  Fillmore West and allowed him to show the audience what he had to offer.   What he displayed was something entirely new at the time, an inspired  fusion of Latin Jazz mixed with a driving edge of irresistably primitive  rock. This album is another desperate attempt to veil Carlos' fading  innovation by hiding him behind the saleability of current pop artists.   The licks are great but the compostions are as weak as the age-old  mediocrity of &quot;Zebop.&quot;  What I find particularly insidious about  this release is Santana's choice not to give credit where credit is due.   The melody line for &quot;Love of my Life,&quot; featuring Dave Matthews'  sultry tones, is a direct rip-off of the 3rd movement of Brahms Third  Symphony.  At least Stanley Turrentine gave the classical master credit for  the same inspiration in his '74 release &quot;Pieces of Dreams.&quot;  Did  Dave and Carlos really think that no one would notice? The other problem I  have with Santana's self-aggrandizing approach on this recording is how  every artist invokes his holy name at the outset of each song as if he were  some kind of deity and they were under some kind of contractual obligation  to point it out.  There is something deeply insecure and offensive about an  artist who allows himself to be glorified in such a self-serving way, as if  his greatness wasn't borne out by his finger-licking virtuosity alone.  I  will never understand why the producers chose not to acknowledge Brahms and  his contribution. Do they really believe that their audience isn't  sophisticated enough to know or care how important Brahms is?  I don't know  about you, but I find that more than mildly insulting.  There are about  three keepers on this release.  I would recommend borrowing it or buyinga  used copy if you can't resist.
019431510X|5.0|It can help me improve my english.I want it.But it's too dear and I can't  afford it.
B00003CXFV|2.0|Judging from box office sales, I am one of the few that disliked this  film.  However, I found it boring and predictable and far too long.  While  a noble tale, I felt as far as entertainment goes, it was lacking.  Roberts  was her usual loud, obnoxious self, even though I found her acting better  than usual. This film could have been engaging if it weren't for so many  needless scenes which shamelessly detailed and emphasized Brockovich's  struggles to maintain the family, the bills, the boyfriend, and the job  (why did we need to watch her over and over again rooting thru the files at  the water plant?). I was very disappointed in this film.
0312117337|5.0|Even beginning tarot readers will find this deck easy to read. The  essential meaning of the card is printed directly on it, eliminating the  need to continually refer to the book for the meaning. But at the same  time, the details of the card are intricately designed. You notice  something new about a card each time you look at it. Something as  insignificant as the presence of a grasshopper could completely change the  way you see the card and its overall meaning. The artwork is outstanding  with plentiful use of bright colors contrasted with blacks and grays. My  favorite card is the &quot;We are the world&quot; card, which shows a ring  of rainbow-colored people dancing around the earth, set on a black  background. This is a thought-provoking deck that will cause all who  encounter it to think more deeply about their lives.
B000002KAT|3.0|Van Morrison has done some great work in his career, as his greatest hits  album will testify. However, I don't quite understand the praise heaped  upon this odd album. To me its most notable positive feature is the use of  an upright bass instead of an electric one. Other than that, it seems full  of sometimes unmelodic improvisational noodling. Van's voice is like a buzz  saw, which may work on some of his rock hits but which is quite ill-suited  when unrestrained during mellow songs. After a while I wanted to turn it  off so I wouldn't have to hear his caterwauling.
0783222955|5.0|I am an 8th grade girl, and I was assinged to read To Kill A Mockingbird  over the summer. At first, I thought it was quite boring, but then it got  interesting, and I couldn't put it down. I hate to read, and this is a book  I would read over and over again. The movie is just a great, and Gregory  Peck is just incredible. Scout and Jem were fantastic as well. I would  recommend the book and movie to anyone. I would also like to add that these  reviews aren't a joke, and this book/movie should be appreciated, as it is  the best book I have ever read, and the best movie I have ever seen.
B000005AYM|5.0|After three years, I simply cannot find a flaw in this album. Many think  that Erykah Badu is overrated as a singer, but at the time when this album  was released, she picked up where D'Angelo left off by taking neo-soul  music to another level. Music listeners began to broaden their horizons  upon listening to her first single, On &amp; On. Every track on this album  is a gem, even her cover of Four Leaf Clover. Everything on this album  shines, even the interludes! Every song on here has the potential to be  one's favorite, but if I had to choose, Otherside Of The Game, Next  Lifetime, and Certainly would be my favorites. If you do not have this in  your collection, you slept on the best soul album of 1997!
B00000DHRZ|5.0|ok, we all know the offspring is without doubt the best band of all  time.and unfourtunatly one of the most under praised and poorly reveiwed  bands as well.the fact is,the band is often labeled as &quot;pop&quot; (i  really hate that...)but if this is pop i dont want to know what ol britney  is.I have to admit i think i liked smash a little more than americana  personly,but it's a close second.the kids arnt all right was quite possibly  one of the most aired songs on the radio in my area,and one of the best  tracks on the album.but on to THE best track,pay the man.the fact that it  has 3 speeds in it is what makes it my fav.its starts out with really cool  music for a few min.and then works its way up a notch with light vocals.And  of course it finishes with what we all know to be more like the offspring's  other songs with those rage releasing lyrics and guitar riffs we all know  and love.i have to say.the offspring is my favorite band of all time,but  the song feelings is a little bit on the strange side.ive yet to learn to  like that song,but with time comes wisdom right?if you like americana i  strongly suggest all of the other albums-ignition,ixnay on the hombre and  smash.keep it real.
0446677450|5.0|I found the book opened my senses and have encouraged my son and I to  explore certain possibilities regarding self-employment and becoming rich.   There were so many factors that I was not aware of.  He's right, schools do  not teach you how to invest your money, or how to have your money work for  you.  I also agree with Robert about the fears that keep us from reaching  higher.<br />I found this book so interesting that I read it twice,  highlighted many uplifting facets of the book.  Then, when I finished  reading it I went out and bought two more books - one for my son and one  for my best friend's daughter.  I highly recommend this book to anyone who  has ever dreamed of making a comfortable life for themselves and their  family.<br />Thank you, Robert.
630575067X|3.0|Ah, the controversial &quot;Phantom Menace.&quot; Well, give Lucas courage  for trying. No matter what he came up with would have been pounced on by  somebody. I won't complain that the acting in this film isn't great,  because it wasn't in the original &quot;Star Wars&quot; movie either  (except for Alec Guiness.) What we have here is a spectacle. I shouldn't  complain about that either, since specatacle films were practically  invented by &quot;Star Wars.&quot; Nowadays, however, special effects don't  seem so spectacular. Our culture has become dulled to them, so that even  all the sound and fury here can't impress us. In this case, Lucas will have  to develop some more engaging characters if he is to hold our interest. But  it was definitely worth a look. I enjoyed watching this film in the  theater, where it was more impressive than it is be on video. It was eye  candy, not much else, but that's all I expected. I hope the next one is at  least this enjoyable, and hopefully even moreso.
B00004TL2N|5.0|This recording of Anton Bruckner's biggest, most complex and prodigious  symphony, by a conductor known for his dispassionate approach and disdain  for the grand Romantic gesture, came as a complete surprise.  It's a  stunning performance, one of the very best I've heard.  He clocks in -- at  76 minutes -- on one disk, but like most conductors who manage this feat  (Klaus Tennstedt excepted), he doesn't give the least impression of being  in a rush or short-changing Brucknerian majesty. Perhaps he's at his most  distinctive in the transitional passages; too often, they become mere  note-spinning, when Bruckner obviously lavished them with as much love as  on his massive climaxes. Boulez gives them shape and makes them sing.   Always the most erratic of conductors, does Boulez lose interest during the  rehearsal period, or what?  But this issue justifies his reputation.  I'm  looking forward to more of his Bruckner, and am especially eager to hear  what this French intellectual hears in the prescient Ninth.
B0000203Y5|5.0|Ry Cooder struck gold when he stumbled upon these Cuban musical legends  understandably forgotten by the outside world but somehow forgotten in  their own country.  With instruments and forms of music virtually  unaffected by 40 years of pop culture, these superlative musicians will  warm you with their humility and their affection for each other and their  culture, and then thrill you will their rich music.  Cooder, however, did  the musicians a disservice by giving himself and his son such a big  role  in the project.  Cooder's electric guitar doesn't work when it is mixed  with thick, natural sound of the Cuban musicians.  Director Win Wenders  shot a brilliant sequence when legendary pianist Ruben Gonzalez is working  magic on his piano and Cooder interjects with his electric guitar.  Wenders  moves the camera amongst the Cuban musicians while Cooder is playing and  they all have perplexed looks on their faces.  It is a sound that they  obviously are not accustomed to and one that clashes with their natural  sounds.  It's also painful to watch Cooder's son head and shoulder  movements while he plays percussion -- it's something straight out of a  Wayans brother movie.<br />I don't want to seem ungrateful.  Full credit goes  to Cooder for what he has done for these performers and the music world.  These performers obviously have deep affection for Cooder.  Stepping back  and the letting the legends go would have been the right thing to do.  Instead, he looks like George Plimpton.<br />Awesome music, awesome movie.
0486266885|4.0|i thought this was a good book.
0671047272|5.0|This is one of the best book I have ever read. Frank McCourt writes of his  childhood and his experiences. This book will remain in your mind forever,  because of the imagery and memories it brings to the reader. READ THIS!!!!
B00004S6GL|3.0|Heard the wonderful Smith cut &quot;Figure 8&quot; on the radio and rushed  out immediately to pick up this disk... assuming, of course, that the song  was on the CD of the same name.  Wrong.  The song &quot;Figure 8&quot; only  appears on the $33 import version.  This CD is called &quot;Figure 8&quot;  just for the heck of it, apparently.  Nice.
B00003CWN3|5.0|I had not heard much about this film until Hilary Swank won the Academy  Award last March. I saw a segment of 20/20 about Brandon Teena and decided  to rent the DVD. After viewing the film once, I bought the DVD.  To say  that this film is merely excellent does not do it justice. Director  Kimberly Peirce has captured America's heartland in full detail: the  distubing beauty of its vastness and the ignorance of some of its people.  Whereas Brandon Teena would have been accepted in most large cities, he was  shunned in isolated Nebraska. The uncaring attitude of the local law  enforcement officials enraged me and I I hope the Sheriff of Falls City  realizes that he has Brandon's blood on his hands. I saw Chloe Sevigny in  &quot;AMERICAN PSYCHO&quot; and her performance here is vastly superior.  Hilary Swank has made her Brandon the performance of a lifetime. I can  remember no single scene that haunted me as much as Brandon's rape. Yet Ms.  Swank does not cannonize Brandon but makes him a real character, flaws and  all. It is clear that Ms Swank knew she had to give a great performance -  both physically and emotionally - to make this film work, and she nailed  it.
0440234743|2.0|La formula de los bestsellers<br />Estos libros estn diseados para ser  ledos de una manera rpida, sin tener que poner mucho esfuerzo en ellos,  no s si la formula es valida, aunque en verdad les funciona a muchos  escritores para hacer dinero. Tomas una trama, la llenas de intriga ,  pasin, le pones un tema de moda y luego la escribes de una forma que  resulte de fcil lectura, la publicas en paperback y edicin de bolsillo,   si ya eres famoso como Grhisam, no te olvidas de poner en tu libro un  avance del libro que viene para la prxima temporada en la parte posterior  y en la parte delantera todo lo bueno que dicen sobre el libro, en cada  peridico, incluso en la portada si es el New York Times, le pones una  portada impactante en rojo y negro con letras escarlatas  o doradas y ah  tienes un bestseller Porque lo hacen? Bueno, la mercadotecnia y el publico  que pide mas de lo mismo, que no se cansa de leer literatura barata que en  diez aos ya nadie recordara Quin estaba en las listas de popularidad hace  diez aos? A quien diablos le importa Ya ese seor hizo lo que iba a  hacer, recaudo y se fue, y el ambiente literario seguir sin l. En cuanto  a esta novela, sigue las mismas pautas, que arriba he planteado, sin  decirnos nada nuevo sobre nada. Un viejo milloneta amargado que le deja su  fortuna a una hija que nunca menciono, parece trama de novela televisiva,  cursi hasta mas no poder y totalmente aburrida, pues que se pueda leer  fcilmente no deja de hacerla mas aburrida, pues no hay barreras que  derrotar,ni nada que descubrir, el autor se encarga de que todo encaje a su  tiempo y as no tengas que cansar tu agitada mente de lector voraz de  novelas baratas de supermercado o de aeropuerto ; adems no puede  arriesgarse a perder su publico de lectores pasivos que lo leen  todo......<br />Luis Mendez
B000024D4R|5.0|First of all I would like to say that this was one of the last Floyd  albums I ever bought.  I just never really thought it would be much I  guess.  I bought it out of total curiousity and it has been my favorite  Floyd album ever since.  I have read alot of reviews here at Amazon and I  often see the line &quot;not one weak track on this disc&quot; or &quot;no  filler tracks here&quot;.  Well,  all too often they are exaggerating  somewhat(in my opinion).  Piper, Saucer, Ummagumma, Atom Heart, More,  Meddle, Obcurred, Dark Side, The Wall, and The Final Cut all are very good  albums but none of them are flawless.  Every one of them has a weak track  or two or three(Atom Heart Mother and Ummugumma).  I am only speaking of  the albums put out with Roger Waters still in the band by the way .  Dave's  solo projects aside for now (Momentary and Division Bell).  There are only  two truly flawless albums in the Pink Floyd library of discs and those two  are clearly 1975's Wish You Were Here and the disc I am  reviewing---ANIMALS.  Dark Side, Obcurred and The Final Cut are close to  perfect but they are not.  The two afore mentioned cds are perfect.  The  disc starts off with a delicate little acoustical number called Pigs On The  Wing pt. 1 which has Roger on vocals.  Track two is where things really  heat up.  Track 2 is titled Dogs and it has it all.  Dave starts the song  off singing and Roger picks up somewhere around the 12 minute mark.  I  can't explain in words how good this song is. It is powerful yet subtle  with soaring guitar work from Dave.  It is maybe there best ever-PERIOD   The third track is full of powerful chords and features Roger on vocals  once again.  It is simply titled Pigs(three different ones). Pigs has some  very memorable lyrics and is actually funny if you don't take it all too  seriously. (which none of us do? right?) I actually would rank Pigs right  there with Dogs.  Dogs and Pigs may be my favorite two Floyd songs ever.   Dogs is around 18minutes and Pigs comes in around 12.  The third song is  called Sheep and really shows off Roger's vocal abilities.  This is one of  those Waters songs where you just have to take your hat off to him when you  listen.  He is amazing to say the least.  Roger sings throughout this track  also.  The fifth song is titled Pigs On The Wing pt.2 and really is a nice  touch and brilliant idea to start and finish with similiar songs.   Although, it has been done to perfection before. (Wish You Were Here which  was recorded two years prior to this disc).  The vocals on this disc are  excellent throughout with Roger singing the better part of it but Dave  really showing what he has on Dogs.  The song writing is very strong  throughout and that is just another testament to Roger Waters.  If you  don't own this album and you love the Floyd then what are you waiting for?    Get it as soon as you can.  If you are someone just looking into Floyd  because you always hear Time, Money, Have A Cigar, Brain Damage/Eclipse,  Wish You Were Here ,  Welcome To The Machine, Another Brick pt. 2, Run Like  Hell or Young Lust on the radio then maybe you should buy the albums those  songs come from first.  The three would be Dark Side Of The Moon, Wish You  Were Here and The Wall.(2cd set).  All are excellent but Animals is great  and I have never heard one song from Animals on any radio station yet.   Crazy isn't it?  The reasons are simple actually: There are only five songs  on the Animals and two of them are around a minute and a half and the other  three are all over ten minutes.  The album also does not get the respect it  deserves either.  Give it a try and I am sure you will either kick yourself  for waiting so long to get it like I did or be completely surprised that  the Floyd actually made something good that doesn't get totally burned out  by the classic rock stations in your &quot;HOME TOWN&quot;  Hope I didn't  bore you all too much and if you only remember one thing from my review  remember this-&quot;Jesus Saves and God Loves YOU!&quot;  Have a great  evening and God Bless You
B00001U0GQ|3.0|Let me make it clear that I consider &quot;Last of the Mohicans&quot; to  be a great movie, one of the best date movies of all time (find a better  combination of action and romance.  Find one with better music for both  action and romance.  I have to believe I am preaching to the choir when it  comes to the quality of this film.<br />But in this review I am addressing the  Special Edition DVD.  As a DVD &quot;Last of the Mohicans&quot; loses one  star because there is NOTHING extra on this disc.  It loses a second star  because what has been added takes away from the film, which, to tell the  truth, I did not think was possible  There are few films I have enjoyed  more than &quot;Last of the Mohicans,&quot; but it is currently the most  disappointing DVD in my collection.<br />The standard for special editions has  been set by James Cameron, first with &quot;The Abyss&quot; (on Laser Disc  originally) and then on &quot;T2.&quot;  Just look at your favorite DVD and  think about the extras that make it so great: deleted scenes, features,  commentary, etc.  There is nothing on this disc.<br />The one strength of this  disc is that the screen ratio is back to the original, which is NOT TRUE  about the Laser Disc or the Video Tape.  For proof look at one scene, the  one where the British leave the fort and get attacked on both sides by the  Indians.  When I saw the film in the theater it was this scene that made me  think &quot;They have to do this widescreen.  Anything else destroys the  film.&quot;  I remember that Cora and her sister rode their horse over to a  tree, got off, and hid behind it.  On the VHS and the Laser Disc I could  not see that.  I thought I was crazy, but when the movie aired on TV the  scan and pan caught the scene.  On the DVD you can see everything.<br />But  the scenes that are added to the film do not add anything significant.  They come across as padding rather than adding depth (again, &quot;The  Abyss&quot; is the standard by which I judge such things).  Worse, there  are a couple of well remembered scenes for which the music and editing have  been changed.  It just is not the same and it was very disappointing.  Even  my kids picked up on this.<br />If you loved this movie, by all means, rent  the DVD and check it out.  But it is not worth having.  Hopefully they will  go back in the future and juice up this DVD (the way they did with  &quot;Interview with the Vampire&quot;).  I would like to have a DVD  edition worthy of this film.e such things).  Worse, there  are a couple of well remembered scenes for which the music and editing have  been changed.  It just is not the same and it was very disappointing.  Even  my kids picked up on this.<br />If you loved this movie, by all means, rent  the DVD and check it out.  But it is not worth having.  Hopefully they will  go back in the future and juice up this DVD (the way they did with  &quot;Interview with the Vampire&quot;).  I would like to have a DVD  edition worthy of this film.
6302914205|2.0|I hadn't seen &quot;Twin Peaks&quot; since the episodes first aired.   While I enjoyed the earlier second season episodes much more the second  time around, these particular episodes (especially 21-23) are still as bad  as the first time I saw them.  <br />One subplot, with James Hurley helping a  hot blond woman fix her car, plays like a overwrought fifth season  &quot;Twilight Zone.&quot;  Another embarrasing plot deals with Ben Horne  and the Civil War.  And Kenneth Welsh goes over the top playing Cooper's  former partner, Windom Earle.<br />There are good parts even in these five  episodes, including a wonderful performance by David Duchovny in episode 20  and continued strong acting from Kyle MacLachlan, Michael Ontkean and many  others.<br />Episode 24 is vastly improved over the previous three and the  plots become stronger as the season (and series) wound down, but I suspect  the poor quality turned many viewers off.  The writers didn't seem to be  ready to fill the gap once Laura Palmer's murder was solved, and that  probably doomed the series.
0767836324|5.0|Muy Buena Pelcula<br />Esta pelcula es muy buena aunque veo que tiene  muchos detractores y personas que parecen que no tuvieron niez y que  pretenden que la gente siempre este en papeles  serios, es decir que se  tomen su rol tan en serio que no tengan tiempo para ser ridculos, Robin  Williams no es para nada ridculo, puede volar, puede pelear y puede  cacarear, kikiriki......<br />Todos esos amargados que no les gusta ser nios,  esta pelcula es excelente, que importa que Julia Roberts, se vea tan  pequeita, y alaban la actuacin del capital hook, si acta bien , pero es  el malo, jajajajjaja.<br />Si es verdad, la historia se aleja del libro  original, pero algn da Peter tenia que crecer y volverse grande, y dejar  de volar, aunque sea maravilloso y los nios que la vean, incluyndome  se  sentirn un poco culpables porque tendrn que crecer y ser adultos y  amargarse la vida con las estpidas cosas de los adultos.<br />Esta es una muy  buena pelcula, no es que sea una obra maestra , pero se deja  disfrutar....<br />LUIS MENDEZ
B000002C1V|5.0|This cd is something of an aquired taste according to alot of the reviews.   I personally loved it the first time I heard it but now,(5 years later)I  can't get over how good it really is compared to my first listen.  It has  heartlfelt lyrics and subtle yet dominant vocals by Roger.  This is the  most unique Floyd disc ever because it is more than just a rock album.  It  is truly something special and that means something to me.  Roger sings  lead vocals on every track except NOT NOW JOHN which has Gilmour singing a  good part of it with Roger singing the chorus lines.  It is one of the more  &quot;normal&quot; songs on the disc.  Most are pure poetry.  Not really a  bad track on the disc although a few are slightly weaker than others.  Give  this disc a chance but don't go in thinking you are going to hear a radio  played hit on here cause there aren't any.  This album never got the  respect it deserves,  but it happens.  This album has more feeling in it  that does any other Floyd album and it is worth the price.  God Bless YOU  and goodnight to you all!
0790743132|5.0|Ah, they don't make them like this anymore. The sense of duty, of loyalty,  and of staying where you need to be, regardless of your own feelings, is  what makes this story stand out and shine. &quot;English Patient&quot; and  films with a similar plot can never match up to  this.<br />&quot;Casablanca&quot; is a French city in the middle of the  Middle-Eastern desert, now overrun with Nazis. Humphrey Bogart plays Rick  Blaine, the cynical owner of Casablanca's best-known bar. The only person  who knows anything real about Rick is the piano player, Sam (known for the  immortal lines &quot;Sam, I thought I told you never to play...&quot; and  &quot;Play it again, Sam&quot;) who was present in Paris long ago when  Rick's heart was broken.<br />Years ago, Rick fell in love with a beautiful  woman named Ilse in Paris, who vanished when the Germans invaded. Now she's  back with her husband--Victor Laszlo, a patriot who works for the  underground. Rick is (not surprisingly) angry, even though he still loves  Ilse, and she still loves him.<br />Bogart and Bergman exude excellent  chemistry--you can feel their pain and love. The cast is also blessed by  wonderful secondary characters, such as Sam, who seems to feel sorry for  Rick and Ilse; and Captain Louis Renault, a lovably amoral French official.  There's also a slimy little conman named Ugarte, and a slimy big  casino-owner named Renault, both of whom sell fake exit visas (these  characters, as well as Bogart, can be found in the &quot;Maltese  Falcon,&quot; so watch for them)<br />Rick is a great man: He's hardened and  cynical, but as we watch, he helps people who have nothing for themselves,  and gives away his own happiness. The script also gives him many of the  wonderful lines: when little rat Ugarte asks, &quot;You despise me, don't  you?&quot;, Rick's only reply is, &quot;If I gave you any thought I  probably would.&quot;<br />Though this is rated PG, most kids will be bored  silly by it--there's a lot of talking and angst and romance. Also, there's  one scene where a Bulgarian girl delicately hints at prostitution, but  anyone younger than their teens probably wouldn't pick it up (she only  refers to it as a &quot;bad thing&quot;).<br />The sets are beautiful and  harsh, as harsh as Rick sees the world. The last scene is perhaps one of  the most famous in movie history. Like Audrey Hepburn's &quot;Roman  Holiday,&quot; the realistic and mature approach to difficult situations  are what make this story special. One of the best romances ever  filmed.<br />&quot;Here's looking at you, kid.&quot;ng and angst and romance. Also, there's  one scene where a Bulgarian girl delicately hints at prostitution, but  anyone younger than their teens probably wouldn't pick it up (she only  refers to it as a &quot;bad thing&quot;).<br />The sets are beautiful and  harsh, as harsh as Rick sees the world. The last scene is perhaps one of  the most famous in movie history. Like Audrey Hepburn's &quot;Roman  Holiday,&quot; the realistic and mature approach to difficult situations  are what make this story special. One of the best romances ever  filmed.<br />&quot;Here's looking at you, kid.&quot;
6302914205|2.0|I hadn't seen &quot;Twin Peaks&quot; since the episodes first aired.   While I enjoyed the earlier second season episodes much more the second  time around, these particular episodes (especially 21-23) are still as bad  as the first time I saw them.  <br />One subplot, with James Hurley helping a  hot blond woman fix her car, plays like a overwrought fifth season  &quot;Twilight Zone.&quot;  Another embarrasing plot deals with Ben Horne  and the Civil War.  And Kenneth Welsh goes over the top playing Cooper's  former partner, Windom Earle.<br />There are good parts even in these five  episodes, including a wonderful performance by David Duchovny in episode 20  and continued strong acting from Kyle MacLachlan, Michael Ontkean and many  others.<br />Episode 24 is vastly improved over the previous three and the  plots become stronger as the season (and series) wound down, but I suspect  the poor quality turned many viewers off.  The writers didn't seem to be  ready to fill the gap once Laura Palmer's murder was solved, and that  probably doomed the series.
B000001FY5|4.0|Bob Marley's Exodus is by a long way his most accomplished recording and  as such it is a really listenable reggae album. All the tracks are either  good or very good, with the exception of Waiting In Vain, which combines  all of Marley's songwriting genius with his fantastic trademark  loose-but-passionate vocals, and the most complimentary accompaniement from  the Wailers in the whole of Marley's exulted back catalogue, all rolled up  into one great production. It is truly a masterpiece and without question  one of the top three reggae tracks of all time, not far behind Hotel  California by the Eagles and Dreadlock Holiday by 10CC. All together now:                                             \\"I don't like cricket-ah! oh  no.                                   I love it-ah! yeah.\\"
B000001E8S|5.0|This is literally my favorite cd of all time.  I can listen to it in any  mood and I am 10 thousand times better.  I am just afraid that I am going  to end up wearing it out!
0790743221|5.0|After watching Cary Grant in &quot;Charade,&quot; I was more than  interested in getting a look at this movie. It features a weird little  love-pentagon.<br />Fiery but &quot;hard&quot; society bride Tracey Lord is  preparing for her second marriage, to pleasant but deadly-dull George. A  few years before, she was married to C.K. Dexter Haven, a charming  razor-tongued man who now apparently wants to get back at his ex-wife by  sneaking a pair of tabloid reporters into Tracey's home--and she really  hates any invasion of her privacy.<br />The reporters turn out to be  disgruntled writer Mike Connor and his photographer Miss Imbrie. But when  Mike starts to fall for Tracey, who is engaged to George, and who is still  loved by Dexter. I honestly didn't know who was going to end up with who  until the very last scene!<br />This movie is not just a comedy--it's also a  love story, and the chronicling of Tracey's rapid evolution. She starts out  the movie as a judgemental, rather hard young woman who has a lot of love  to give, but is forced to face her own imperfections.<br />Jimmy Stewart is  the wonderful reporter Mike Connor, who ends up getting into a complex  tangle with Tracey and Dexter. Ever-wonderful Cary Grant plays the charming  rich-and-idle guy Dexter, and Virginia Weidler shines as Tracey's odd  little sister, Dinah, who is loyal to Dexter and as funny as he is. One  enjoyable scene starts with Dinah being dragged out of the room, and saying  with a wicked grin, &quot;I can tell something's in the air because I'm  being taken away.&quot; There's also lovable old lecher Uncle Willie, who  is more than a little smitten with Miss Imbrie.<br />Like so many of these old  movies, the dialogue is snappy, snippy, and very very funny! Humorous  moments include Connor's prank phone call (&quot;This is the voice of  doom...&quot;), Dinah's exaggerated performance for Connor and Miss Imbrie,  the blackmailing scene, as well as the funniest drunk scene ever put on  film.<br />This is far from the &quot;best&quot; romance ever made, but it is  a memorable one. Allow your brain to relax and feel the fun. Ah, this film  was yar!m.<br />This is far from the &quot;best&quot; romance ever made, but it is  a memorable one. Allow your brain to relax and feel the fun. Ah, this film  was yar!
B000002J1M|5.0|Rightly or wrongly Foxtrot/Genesis and Close to the Edge/Yes seem to be  the standard to which most new prog is and will be compared and judged. If  anything comes close, it must be pretty good. Foxtrot(along with Selling  England) are the definitive Genesis albums. Foxtrot just pips Selling  England IMHO. I disagree most strongly with another reviewers comments  about Phil Collins vocal rather than Peter Gabriel. You wouldn't find too  many die hard prog vocalists seriously trying to palm off 'You Can't Hurry  Love' onto the general public. Stick to the pig skins Phil, you're great at  that. OK, you did say 'All Change' fairly well I guess. Tracks 1-4 are  great tracks, all of them.(Sorry to skip over them) Then comes 'Horizon's',  Steve Hacketts beautiful accoustic interlude running into the absolute  stand-out 23 minute epic - 'Suppers Ready'. This is a seven act play of  mammoth proportions. Lyrically based upon the powerful imagery from the  Book of Revelation, Peter Gabriel and the guys entreat the listener to a  journey that once started, can't be stopped until the end of act seven,  culminating with:<br />There's an angel standing in the sun,and he's crying  with a loud voice. &quot;This is the supper of the mighty one&quot;. Lord  of Lords, King of Kings, Has returned to lead His children home, To take  them to a new Jerusalem.<br />I've had this album in some form or other since  1972 and I can say it is still in my top 5 albums of all time. Take the  journey! As Sure As Eggs Is Eggs you won't regret it.
B000009QPE|5.0|Quite simply, this is the best cd ever.  Reign in Blood was so mindblowing  at the time that it opened up all heavy music fans ears to what was to  come.  This came out when I was really into the 80's punk scene and it blew  me away then and still does to this day.  Turn it up!
B000002JEV|2.0|Ignore everyone who says that Led Zeppelin are the best band of all  time.They're not. They really are the most overrated band of all time.
0446608955|3.0|After reading other books by Sparks you would expect more from this.   Though it was not awful it certainly could have been better.  In his other  books you can get yourself convinced of the possiblity of them actually  happening.  This one is a little beyond realistic, even in my  ultra-romantic mind.  It is, however, quick and easy, so I'd take it to the  beach if you can find nothing else.
B00003CXFU|5.0|This is one true story that everyone should see a many times as they can.   Julie Roberts is terrific in her protrayal of a divorced single mom that  will not sit still until the scales are balanced between a multi-billion  dollar firm and a group of people that have suffered from the company's  on-going pollution.  Working only as a paralegal, she convinces her  attorney boss to hang in there until these polluters are brought to  justice.  Her determination is unmatched!  She succeeds where most others  would have failed, and her reward is so great at the end that it will leave  you stunned!  Julie Robert's stars in this movie from beginning to end and  you'll never take your eyes off her.  I know I didn't!  This is a movie  everyone needs to watch!  In our society, people are afraid to stand up for  what is right!  After you see it, the moral of the story is so convincing,  you'll never forget it!!   Joe
0345347951|5.0|If you are an Arthur C. Clarke fan, you must read this.   Characteristically, some of his main themes include the tension between  rationalism and mysticism, which crops up repeatedly in his work, as in the  ending of &quot;2001: A Space Odyssey&quot;, or in &quot;The Fountains of  Paradise&quot;, to name just two examples.  He seems to have a real  love/hate relationship with this issue -- as far as I know, it may date  from his experiences, as a scientist,  of local religious beliefs in the  land he has called home for decades now, Sri Lanka...  At any rate, in this  book the &quot;Overlords&quot; are a mysterious, powerful, but ultimately  tragic group of beings which have vastly potent minds, but which cannot  undergo the spiritual metamorphosis which would take them into direct  communion with the sort of Godhead that directs their (and our) destiny.  I  liked Clarke's ideas about utopia, which is more or less what the Earth  becomes after a few generations under the guidance of the Overlords.  He  seems to have had a lot of fun playing with ideas about future art forms,  for example, among other things.  However, this utopian society is doomed,  because of an unforeseen, quantum leap in evolution, which turns out to be  an evolution of the communal spirit.  Clarke has a lot to say here about  what connects us to each other, as human beings.  Are we all linked with  some higher being at the level of spirit, in the manner that islands would  be revealed to be all linked, if one were to somehow drain the world's  oceans?  Or is striving toward a planned, ordered, social utopia, with  allowances made for developing all of every individual's gifts to the  fullest possible degree, the best way to relate to each other?  These are  the sort of questions that Clarke explores in this terrific novel, and he  does it in a highly entertaining fashion throughout.
0804106304|5.0|I know this book is about mothers and daughters...But I had to read it for  English this summer and I had my doubts. I am one of two brothers, and I  still found this book amazing. It is not often that a book describes 8  different points of view so vividly and realistically. Finally, insight on  what my parents are thinking when they tell me what I can and can't do. It  dawned on me that parents feel pain too and that no matter how much I try  to deny it, I am them, and they are me. I'd recommend this book (along with  &quot;A Cathcher in the Rye&quot;)for all you adolescents out there having  trouble with the world around you.
0790725657|5.0|This movie is definately one of my favorite movies ever! The acting and  the movie sets are amazing! Lesile Matthews and Elenor Bron are stunning! I  totally recommend this movie for all ages! This a great family fim, and a  real tear jerker! And, if you want a feast for your ears, buy this  soundtrack! As I said before, this is the movie to see!
0783117388|3.0|I hope when I see the film I will have good seeing
0763611883|5.0|Ok, I was a fussy eater.  I admit it.  And maybe if this book had been around when I was a kid, my parents would have had an easier time.  Lola  has a long list of foods she won't eat but some creative thinking from her  older sister changes all that.<br />The idea is great but it is the colorful  illustrations that I love.   The figures are cut outs that are placed  ingeniously on all kinds of bacgrounds, lending texture and vibrance to the  story.   I'm definately giving this book to all the fussy eaters I know.   Very imaginative and well done.
B00004WKII|5.0|Wow !!! Sheer heaven!!! Finally a Box Set that Jimi would've been proud  of. The alternate takes of the popular songs are very interesting. The  quality is also tremendous. I can't wait till to be able to buy all the  live concerts that these live tracks are from. Hey Baby/In From The Storm  from the 1970 Maui, Hawaii concert is great.<br />If you want to buy 2 other  cd's from Experience Hendrix, the company that Jimi's family operates, get  &quot;Morning Symphony Ideas&quot;, and &quot;Live At The Oakland  Colesium&quot;. The first disc is previously unreleased studio recodings  and home demos. The quality of these tracks are great. You won't be  disappointed!!!<br />I would reccomend this box set to anyone who likes Jimi  Hendrix at all.
B00001OH7U|5.0|In the six tracks on Station to Station, Bowie brings together the best songwriting, vocals and musical performance of his lengthy musical career. Despite that he was in the depths of a serious cocaine addiction, he recorded what has to be some of the finest music put to vinyl in the 1970's. Station to Station introduces the Thin White Duke with its thematic guitar and keyboard tones and searing vocals. Golden Years, despite its easy fit into the Disco genre, is actually a fantastic rock song with breathtaking guitar by Carlos Alomar and Earl Slick. Word on Wing and Wild is the Wind are unquestionably Bowie's finest two vocal performances ever. Wild is the Wind, from its gentle and somber opening guitar melodies to its vocal crescendo towards the end, shows Bowie pouring all his heart and soul into his work. There is not an ounce of filler on this album. Every song is carefully crafted and performed.    The album is important also because it marks his transition into the much-misunderstood Berlin trilogy. No one would be disappointed with the album, it's his finest by any measure.
B00004W510|5.0|There are very few albums that can bring solace and calm you down with wit  and wisdom.  This one is the best!  12 short stories of Americana.  The  album sounds like it could have been recorded in 1869, not 1969.  It's like  it's O.K. to visit your old friends Virgil Caine, Jawbone, Ragtime Willy  etc.  Robertson, Manuel, Danko, Helm and Hudson are some of the finest  musicians in pop/rock history.  The depth of this recording is remarkable.   Sometimes when you feel the world is all messed up, pop this CD on, it'll  make you feel better.  It's homespun philosophy &quot;You were born to grow  old and never know..&quot; is a panacea for all of today's ills.  If I was  going to the moon, Alice, and could only take five CD's with me, this would  be one!
0783243499|3.0|Does Amercan Psycho reveal anything about the 80's that most literate  people don't already know?  Certainly not.  As a social commentary, it  rarely goes beyond the obvious.  In fact, lines like: &quot;There is an  idea of Patrick Bateman... but I simply am not there&quot; are ridiculous  cliches, as is the ending, which I won't spoil. <br />The area in which  American Psycho succeeds is as a black comedy. I've seen some reviewers say  the dialogue is poorly written.  I think they might be missing the point.   The dialogue is intentionally vapid and superficial to the point where it  becomes humorous.  Bale does a tremendous job adding to the film's sharp  comic wit.  His saccarine grin and phony newscaster voice often benefit the  film by making his lines quite hilarious. In fact, the scene in which  Bateman kills Paul Allen after spending 5 minutes explaining the musical  genius of Huey Lewis and the News is quite possibly the funniest thing I've  seen in  a while.  Bale is almost Jim Carreyesque as he dances around with  an ax while pointing out the merits of &quot;Hip to be Square&quot; to the  unsuspecting victim. <br />It's only when the film strives to make a statement  on greed and emptiness that it fails. It's points and targets are obvious;  and the director beats us over the head with them by having the narrator  spell out every single statement the film is trying to make.  <br />As a black  comedy, however, American Psycho manages to capture a certain manic  hilarity that only a handful of films has been able to capture.
B0000009RT|5.0|This in my opinion is Zappa's finest work.  A little bit of Zappa can go a  long way.  His later works to be honest with you, gets on my nerves.  Too  much quirky dissonance and outright chaotic lunacy.  This album is his best  work, lots of humorous doo-wop, head music, special effects and just strong  tunes.  Everybody talks about Pet Sounds and Sgt. Pepper redefining rock as  an art form, this alblum released in 1966 should also be mentioned as such.   If you have to have one Zappa album in your collection, this is the one!   It'll put a big smile on your face!
B00004RF8J|4.0|...This DVD version is a great dissapointment.  The audio is ok, but the  digital transfer is all grainy and not very clear.  As for the extras, what  a let down.  Not only are the extras not very extra (a couple of lame  trailers, tv spots) but there was a section called Outtakes and Deleted  scenes.  Unfortunatly, it is made up of all outtakes, and no real deleted  scenes (ok, so you get to see a couple of things not included in the final  cut, but people are screwing up their lines, so they are no deleted scenes  at all.)  Not the best DVD. I hope they release another one later with  better features, but I am not holding my breath!
B000002UAX|5.0|Prior to this album, most Beatle tunes were a group effort, once in a  while George was allowed to dabble in Indian music, Ringo in Country, and  John in Acoustic sounds.  This excellent album captures the individual  Beatle into his own trip.  The only clunker  to some may be John's  Yoko-influenced on his Warhol-like Number #9, yet it is so bizarre, I found  it fascinating.  This is my favorite Beatle album, the songs are never  tiring.  Lots of acoustical stuff too.  Really, there is not a bad song on  the album.  An essential purchase!  One of the great releases in  recorded  history!  If you have to ponder this purchase, you probably have been  locked away for a long time.
6305897786|3.0|....&quot;Has someone been in my room? Something is missing!&quot;  &quot;Just your wife Sir.&quot; &quot;But I don't have a wife.&quot; (ring  ring). &quot;Excuse me Sir, while I answer this more important  call&quot;... and so on and so on...<br />I actually liked this movie up until  the end, even with scenes like those above, which kept asking me to stretch  my &quot;You believe this would happen in Real Life, Dontcha?!?!?&quot;  movie imagination way past it's bearable limits(please stop my brain is  hurting).<br />Best part had to be the &quot;Don Quixote(sp?)&quot; pilferage  scene. Worst, &quot;The END&quot;! Yeah, I didn't understand it (Would I if  I get the DVD with the commentary track running?????)<br />I am sure I missed  something somewhere, with all the reviewers here with their &quot;Corso,  the man you love to HATE&quot;, but I never saw it that way. He was just  another guy to me (a little naive [rediculously] at times). Or maybe it was  that I just didn't feel for him either way (good or bad). <br />Oh, By The  Way...How come he never gets to mix it up with the cops??? Plenty of  chances. What does the girl smell like lilacs or old sneakers? I don't care  how good looking a girl is...She gotta change clothes sometime!!!!<br />Again,  good movie up to the end though.
B000002A3T|5.0|I must say that this CD is probably my favorite one yet. I have it in my  truck right now and it stays in the player 85 to 90% of the time. I love  it, Take it Back and Poles Apart are my favorite, but I love the whole CD.  I saw Pink Floyd in 1987 and it was by far the best concert I've ever seen,  I've seen Aerosmith, Van Halen, Bad Company etc.Pink Floyd puts on the best  Laser Light show, and came back for THREE oncores. Can you beat that!!!!
B000008B01|5.0|Once while commenting on Joao Gilberto, composer Antonio Carlos Jobim is  supposed to have said, that Gilberto was pulling his guitar in one  direction, while singing in another, thus creating a third thing, which was  profound. This seems to be a very good description of what Gilberto is  doing on this record. Gilberto is being backed only by his own guitar and a  very discrete drummer and the interplay that evolves between voice, guitar  and drums, in large part created by Gilberto's vocal phrasing, results in a  number of pretty outstanding tracks. Particularly impressive is the version  of Jobim's 'Aguas De Marco'.  By keeping the original melody, but phrasing  it differently rhytmically, he creates a version, that is just as unique  and fresh as the original, only more modern and 'cool'. Even though this  number probably is the highlight of the record, the rest of the numbers  are, due to Gilberto's refined and pure phrasing and playing, also really  great and engaging. Particularly his version of Caetano Veloso's  'Avarandado',  which he likewise makes all his own, is also really lovely.  All in all, I think you could say, that this record is a testament to the  great potential of Gilberto's musical vision and probably as close to an  apotheosis of bossa nova as you can get.
B000002KLQ|5.0|What makes this albim great is the piano work of the E Street Band's  wonderful Roy Bittan.  He works the same magic he did for Springsteen:  keyboards that are delicate and driving at once.  He's the Mozart or Glenn  Gould of rock piano players.  Just listen to &quot;Romeo and Juliet&quot;  or &quot;Tunnel of Love&quot; and you will hear a perfect match between  Knopfler's sardonic romanticism and Bittan's rocking intelligence.  One of  the best albums of all time.
0790729709|5.0|whitney &amp; kevin may not be the best actors, but so what? they did a  great job in this movie!!! to the reviewers who said there was no chemistry  -- i don't agree. what about the cute scene where whitney tells kevin of  her dating dilemma &amp; that saucy look she gives him while &quot;getting  fixed up.&quot; or when they're dancing in that club or the final  heartstopping scene when she tells the plane to wait? a truly worthwhile  movie for all incurable romantics.
B000002UAO|1.0|This is nowhere near the finest album ever recorded.  I'd say somewhere  between #100 &amp; #200.  I have heard local bands do better than songs  like this.
0875847706|5.0|What can I tell you about this book? My first words of advice would be to  disabuse yourself of the notion that just because it might land on the  &quot;self-help&quot; shelf, it's merely another missive filled with  affirmations, platitudes, and high-minded, unachievable objectives that  will leave you feeling that to change the nature of your existence is a  long, hard process, too daunting for a person already exhausted by the mere  prospect of getting through another day. Phew! We've all had enough of  those kinds of books, and the ideologies served up to us by people who seem  to be still battling the incongruities of their own lives, while  force-feeding us remedies for ours. (I'll mention no names!) Each chapter  of this book presents us with simple practices, and frameworks that can  truly help both to bring about a sea-change in the way you view yourself  and others, as well as the circumstances you find yourself in. From the  basic premise, that &quot;It's All Invented&quot;, to the practice of  &quot;Rule #6&quot;,(don't take yourself so seriously),to the principles of  &quot;Giving an A&quot;,(allow for the beautiful statue inside the craggy  marble), the Zanders generously share their personal and professional lives  with us to illustrate how these concepts have transformed their own lives  as well as those of many others, and having met Mr.Zander several weeks  ago, I can attest to the fact that he is one of the most joyful, engaging  people I have ever met. I only wish that the book came with a recording of  his Chopin performance, described in the book, and which I was privileged  to experience first hand, to help speed you on your own journey towards the  realm of possibility.
0792140923|1.0|The first time I saw this movie, I was privilaged to have seen it for  free.  Thank God.  It was the most insipid tripe ever put on screen.   Despite having paid nothing to see it, I was non-the-less sorry to have  wasted my eyesight  on this piece of retard-O dung.  It was little more  than a trivial carnival ride through the 60's, 70', and 80's, that served  only to assure a bunch of jerk-off baby boomers that they were the only  generation who ever existed.  What a waste.  Steer clear of this box of  chocolates... you might wind up with a rude surprise.
0782008372|1.0|Say away from this DVD the quality so poor that my VHS has better picture  quality.  If you paid more then $1.00 for this DVD I feel very soor for  you.
0201633612|5.0|OK, so this title has become almost a bible for the software industry - it  seems to get cited by every other author I read, so I thought it was about  time I actually bought a copy.  It is one of those books that has you  saying 'YES!' to yourself within a few pages as the elegance and truth of  the concepts become apparent, and continue saying 'YES!' to the back cover.  Many of the concepts were not new to me, and it was a shock to see not a  single mention of Java (because it was written before Java was invented!!).  Nevertheless there is more gold in this book than in much of the rest of my  bookshelf combined!
0385484518|4.0|I read this book almost entirely straight through in a matter of two  sittings in a friend's apartment....<br />I'm not of the kind that say that  books could change people's lives. Really there are few that can alter the  way anyone thinks. This might be one of them.<br />First, Morrie, a former  college professor of the author, was an intelligent man who had something  to say, and said it, and loved it with kindness and honesty. What better  person is there to comment back upon life than a person willing to face  death with good humor, courage, and a kindness that enabled him to teach  unto his very last....<br />The author paints a sensitive and beautiful  picture of his former mentor. His writing is fluid and empassioned and  touching.... much more than you'd expect of a sports-writer. He paints as  close to perfect a picture of his mentor as could be painted....<br />Everyone  should read this book: from kids to adults. It's just wholly worthwhile...
0152023984|5.0|This is a great little book for children and open minded adults
6305776326|5.0|This was an awsome movie! Shannon was halarious as the unsure Mary  Katherine Gallgher. Of course, as with most SNL sketches turned movie, the  sketches on the show were better. But, there still isn't much to complain  about here.<br />I found it funny, for one, because it reminds me of, well,  me. I'm a big movie buff, and I constantly find my self going around  quoting from the screen.<br />Anyway, it's not uncommon to find movies about  high-school with actors playing the students that are in their 20s-30s-40s,  and look it, too. (ex. Grease) This is one of those movies. Shannon and  Ferrell look too old for the part, but we can pretend. can't we?  <br />All-in-all, this was an uproarious movie, with only very very few flaws  in the plot. That's good enough for me.
0446608955|5.0|When I read Nicholas Sparks books,(and I have read them all,I know from  the getgo they are not heavy reading material and that is just what Ilike.  They take you into the characters and you feel with them. This book was a  real tear jerker,a two box of tissues book. Good work again Nicholas Sparks
B000001DV2|2.0|High 'n Dry, Pyromania, and Hysteria --  Three great albums that showcased  what Def Leppard had to offer, and how their music continued to evolve and  change.  Unfortunately, like many other good bands from the 80's, Def  Leppard seemed lost at the start of the '90's, in part due to the changing  music scene.  The release of Adrenalize was unfortunate, as it signfied (at  least to me) the end of a great band.  This album neither re-captures any  of the glory of the previous albums, nor does it show the band moving in  any new direction.  The feel of the songs on the album are much softer,  which isn't necessarily a bad thing, as long as they are good.   Unfortunately, they aren't.....Songs like &quot;Let's get rocked&quot; and  &quot;Make Love Like A Man&quot; are simply lame.  &quot;Have you ever  needed someone so bad&quot; is absolutely dripping with sap.  The only  redeeming songs on the album are &quot;Tonight&quot; and &quot;White  Lightening&quot;.<br />I truly hope that Def Leppard will release something  good in the future....but until then...I still have their first four albums  to enjoy.
B000002GYW|4.0|This is an enjoyable album.  The fast songs have energy, and the slow  songs are soulful.  It's on two of these slower songs, TEQUILA SUNRISE and  DESPARADO that the songwriting team of Henley &amp; Frey hit their stride.    Anyone who has ever sat in a dentist chair knows these well.  As a credit  to the Henley/Frey hit factory, this was but the beginning of long string  of top sellers.  If you are interested in the origins of the Los Angeles FM  sound, or you are interested in nice, music performed well, this CD will be  interesting to you.
B00000JZIK|5.0|no lengthy review needed for this one...the script is excellent, proving  that there are other screenwriters who know how criminals sound. But the  only reason to see this movie is kevin spacey. Who would've ever guessed he  was keyser soze? this film has the greatest line i've ever heard in a move  &quot; the greatest trick the devil ever pulled, was convincing the world  that he didn't exist...&quot; this is a film to own....
B000003S0I|3.0|This is a difficult CD for me to listen to.  From the music standpoint, it  can be rewarding.  Robert Fripp and Bill Bruford, especially, but the  entire band in general, are in great form. Purchasing this CD simply to  hear talented musicians play their hearts out is well-justified in this  case.  EASY MONEY showcases the talents of Fripp and Bruford well.  THE  TALKING DRUM has the entire band pushing the limits of &quot;improv&quot;  while Bruford is left with the daunting task of making sense of it all  rhythmically.  In this his technical prowess exceeds the challenge.  A  wealth of production skill is also unveiled.  Part One of the title cut  blends chattering, barely audible conversation with viola; BOOK OF SATURDAY  contains a nice backward guitar effect which matches the tone center of the  viola, seemlessly fading in and out, and TTD has a fun squeaky sound.  It  is impressive how much creativity is injected into these tunes.  Even more  impressive when you consider that Bruford and Fripp have demanding  &quot;day jobs&quot;.  With all of this talent and expertise, why only 3  stars?  In two words, it's dated.  This CD's relevance is relegated to  music history.  Sadly, because it is no fault of these premier musicians.   Regretably, extended solos became abused to the point of extinction in the  hands of lesser talent.  The ahead-of-their-time recording techniques have  become commonplace in the face of advancing of technology.  Almost all of  the interesting treatments on this CD can now be accomplished in a fraction  of the time without the complicated studio equipment.  I would venture to  guess that an aspiring musician may be able to develop them all in an  afternoon, in their own room.  The most pertinent aspect of this antique,  in my opinion, would be Bill Brufford's percussion.  The DJ-mixers would do  well to listen to these Block Rockin' Beats.  If you are interested in  progressive music of the early seventies, this CD will be interesting toyou.
6302968100|4.0|fresh from his debut in reservoir dogs, tarantion concocted a underrated  crime saga, which was  also part love story. christian slater and partrica  arquette play two low lifes who are meant for each other, christian is  perfect as the slacker, while arquette, even as a hooker, still has a look  of innocence...only tarantino could tap into the heart of crime and white  trash america so perfectly.  the best scene in the movie is when dennis  hopper as slater's father,  is covering up for his son, against the  mobster, played by christopher walken, you knew hopper was going to die,  but he used the only power he had to get walken's goat, &quot;the italians  born from niggers speech&quot; i laughed my head off. Gary Oldman plays one  of the quirkiest , if not the quirkiest role of his career, as a  wigger  cum jamaican pimp, who even as a wannabe, makes christian slater look  whiter than white...<br />   so, &quot;get yourself some egg rolls&quot; and  check out this underrated classic.
B00000GAIW|5.0|I enjoy listening to this CD.  It has a lot to offer.  AQUALUNG and  LOCOMOTIVE BREATH are classics from the early seventies which are still  mainstays of FM radio.  Ian Anderson, who is the song-writer, singer,  flautist, heart and soul of JETHRO TULL created a classic rock 'n roll  experience with this album.  His cleverness is everywhere on this CD.  The  AQUALUNG vocal effect was employed by Maynard on the Tool AENIMA release.   Anderson makes a strong argument that the flute can be used as an effective  heavy metal instrument.  He matches it against accoustic guitars, heavy  riffs, and even a choral arrangement.  The place where Anderson's creative  brilliance really shines, though, is in his choice of topic.  No other  artist has achieved such commercial success while at the same time singing  such controversial songs.  By asserting his views of organized religion  forcefully and unadorned, he infuses this collection with a reason for  being.  The arguments are not new.  Basically, Ian Anderson's polemic is  that religion institutionalized loses its relevance for the individual.   This is essentially the same argument of King Hezekiah when he busted up  the Bronze Serpant built by Moses.  The novelty of the argument matters  less than the fact that it is one which compels the listener.  It comforts  those who feel disaffected by organized religion and it aggitates its  proponents.  While neither understands that the point is to develop a  personal spirituality regardless of whether you are inside or outside of an  English Church.  Superb song-writing, competent musicians and an incendiary  argument have helped to make this CD a timeless classic.  If you are  interested in the music of the early seventies or would like to excite the  vicar ;D, this CD will be interesting to you.
6303421563|5.0|It had to happen eventually, when a film director goes big in his native  land, eventually hollywood snatches him up, but some foreign directors do  manage to make fascinating work within the system.<br />   besson could've  made this movie cutesy with natalie portman's character, matilda, but he  keeps her honest as a child of the street. some viewers will be put off by  her stream of obscenities, but were you expecting little red riding hood?  jean reno is a hitman with a heart, leon, who comes to matilda's aid after  her family has been murdered by DEA agents in a drug raid. she only hires  leon to avenge her brother's death, not the rest of her family...<br />   i  wont give away the rest of the story, but the action is ruthless,i have  been to new york city about half a dozen times, and besson captures it  perfectly on film, reno gives a good solid performance: check out his work  in ronin, where he plays a strong second bananna beside deniro    gary  oldman's  role as the demented loose cannon dea agent is a scene  stealer...every time he came onscreen, you just hateed him, which make  reno's character, move likeable..
B000031WBQ|3.0|This set is not without merit. And its importance to collectors is  inherent, as the legendary Rubinstein recorded so few of Rach's works.   However, one wonders if he might have benefitted from a little more  experience with the imposing concerto.<br />For starters, Reiner and he have  selected an alarmingly fast tempo for the first movement. So fast, indeed,  that many of the climactic moments are lost entirely. While technically  superb and indisputably impressive, all the emotional impact of this great  concerto is washed away in a sea of virtuosic blandness. I've never heard  anyone else take it at that extreme tempo -- but even if they do, I imagine  they at least sound like they're summoning up some kind of feeling. With  Rubinstein, all I get is the sense that he had someplace else to get to  afterwards and he didn't want to be late.<br />Without a strong first  movement, the rest of the concerto falls just as flat... Though not nearly  as flat as the piano is for the prelude!<br />I recognize that the recording  is, shall we say, antique. And I understand that mono pickups always  distort the sound and compromise the integrity of the performance (brass  instruments sound particularly disastrous without a second mic), but the  piano used for the &quot;Bells of Moscow&quot; here is *painful*  From the  third bar of the piece, the bitterness of pitch is so distracting, I  couldn't even finish it. And they've made tremendous strides at correcting  pitch flaws in old recordings recently, too.. Did they try on this one? Or  was it even worse before?  (For evidence of the marvels of modern  remastering, I recommend listening to that infamous Beethoven's 9th from  1943, with Furtwangler conducting, but I digress.)<br />The Rhapsody is, by  far, the highlight of the disc. It's the only one of the three selections  that even begins to show the masterful artistry of the great Artur  Rubinstein.<br />But, it's almost better to skip this one entirely and get  others inthe collection..  Or, if you're after a great Rach 2, go with  Richter's unparallelled reading. (Karajan conducting) It's available on  several albums and it's breathtaking where this is barely breathing.
B00003CXCS|3.0|I have been waiting for this for a long time. If you remember the 70mm 6  channel version w/intermission, don't expect that.  If you have an AC-3  system all you will get is 4 channel stereo and that's not all that good.  Also for some strange reason FOX doesn't seem to have any showmanship when  transferring this to DVD. What are the purpose of the &quot;still&quot;  during the entrance music to Act 2 ????  I was extremely disappointed by  the transfer. Of course the picture quality and of course the film itself  is outstanding. But for you sound buffs,,,,,,sorrrrry,,it's terrible.  Someone should show FOX the proper theatre way of presenting a roadshow  film.
0451525892|1.0|Jane Austen wrote about what women in her time lived through. Marriage and  society. Unfortuantly, in present times those subjects can become tedious  after the 400th page. If you are not up to an extremely slow book, do not  read Sense and Sensibility.
0812589041|5.0|This book has shown that the Science-Fiction genre walks hand-in-hand with  the fantasy genre. I have found that this book was perhaps one of the best  books ever written by any writer. From the first page I was hooked,  observing the majestic use of real-life feeling characters and their  real-life emotions. Few people have ever captured this in the way that  Orson Scott Card has. And because this was simply book one of the saga, I  have found that it hooked me in to the next two books after it, Speaker for  the Dead, and Xenocide. I have not known a book to be so vivid and grand,  in detail and scale. I would recommend this book to anyone who wants a good  read. -Reviewed by: ProfessionalFantasyNovelist1
0312954468|5.0|Simply amazing. The history is, however, put off. The background info at  the end was shocking! Simply, it was giving me goosebumps! OI! I must say  you should read this definatly!
0671034065|1.0|Linda Howards new book &quot;Mr Perfect&quot; is far from it. Is this a  mystery? A romance? Human interest or Drama? It's really hard to tell  because it doesn't seem to work on any of these levels! I'll skip a  synopsis (you can read previous reviews for that) and get right to the  heart of the novel's flaws. I'll try not to give away the ending :-)<br />One,  it is obvious from the first ten pages, who the killer is. Ms Howard leaves  no other suspects and too many cues for the reader NOT to figure this out.  <br />Now,(2) this was no cat n' mouse type of novel where half the fun is  waiting too see just how/when the murderer will be caught. Indeed the novel  begins with our protaginist living next door to mr super cop! <br />3. It is  also crystal clear in which order the women will be attacked and who will  die.  <br />4. All the &quot;situations&quot; were so contrived, uninspired  and unimaginative.  The book rates 1 star solely on it's premise, but as a  whole fails miserably!
B00001OH7U|5.0|Most of David Bowie's recordings really need no introduction and all that  can be said about them has been said.  However, this CD is a gem that too  often gets overlookded in Bowie's large body of work.  Bowie has Alan Fripp  (from King Crimson) playing guitar on this one what a treat that is.  This  a truely a professional work of art.  While &quot;Golden Years&quot; was  the big one off of this recording, the CD is jam packed with every song  being a keeper.  The title cut is amazing, and &quot;Word on a Wing&quot;  and &quot;Wild is the Wind&quot; are beautifully written and performed  showing Bowie's savvy persona.  Enjoy Alan Fripp's playing on  &quot;Stay&quot;, which combines soul and rock exceptionally well.  Other  than Ziggy Stardust, this is the most complete recording Bowie has ever put  out.  While Ziggy is Bowie's most recognizable effort, Station to Station  is better sounding and more even in it's flow.  It is truly a Bowie CD  worth owning.
B000002LND|3.0|Who knew Madonna would climb to the heights we have seen her climb? As a  child, I watched music videos (just before MTV was born) and saw Madonna's  \\"Borderline\\" and was transfixed. I had never seen anything like her before  (of course, I must have been eight-years-old; let's hope I had not seen too  much like her prior to that time.) I was instantly a fan (having always  been a big fan of music), but I was not able to get a Madonna album until I  bought Like A Virgin on vinyl about two years later. Whatever the case, the  first time I saw \\"Borderline\\" I had a mental debate in my head about  whether Madonna would be a huge star or a flash in the pan. There were a  lot of bands/artists who showed up on these late-night video shows who  appeared once, never to be heard of again, and Madonna could have been one  of them. Watching her, though, I realised that there was no way she would  appear and just as easily disappear. <br />And we have The Immaculate  Collection to prove that she would not disappear, and this collection does  not even begin to chronicle her more recent accomplishments and string of  hits. It is wonderful to be able to listen to this collection and hear the  maturation of Madonna's voice (which has even matured more in the decade  since this collection was released), the changes of her style and image,   and know that she is still out there making hits and reinventing herself is  an inspiration to anyone who has ever been stuck in a rut. <br />What  Madonna's album/singles lack in substance (who needed substance? It was the  80s) they make up for in fun, danceability, and spirit. Yes, trite  descriptions for one of the more controversial characters populating the  end of the twentieth century. Madonna, though, was never so much about the  music as the image. So, being able to attach positive attributes to her  music is the interesting part. The songs are of course all the hits, but  sadly they are not the original versions of the songs, which wouldhave  been a more telling listen. One day will Madonna be remembered for the  music or everything but that?
B00004W55E|5.0|I've been waiting for Ms. Ferrell to drop this CD it seems like forever.   Waiting in great anticipation, I was hoping that I wouldn't be disappointed  as is often the case when someone waits so long to here from one of their  favorite artist.  I'm happy to say that I was not disappointed. There is a  drought of this kind of music for us adult contemporary &quot;Buppies &amp;  Yuppies&quot;. Ms. Ferrell lays it done very funky, smooth, and oh so  sweet.  Lay or lean back and enjoy!!
0804106304|5.0|The Joy Luck Club is not really a novel, but a collection of 16 short  stories told by four friends and their daughters.  I've read this  collection three times and I can never get tired of them!  So real, so  human, Tan's voice reaches out to your spirit.  The love daughters have for  their mothers, and the hatred, not hatred really just, I don't know,  whatever it is that makes the mother-daughter relationship magical.<br />This  book will change your life if you let it.  Read about Suyuan, An-Mei,  Ying-Ying and Lindo, the lives, the spirits they left back in China, the  spirits they try to impart to and exorcise from their daughters, the  longing, the hope that all immigrants have that maybe where they're going  is a better place, that maybe they can forget, but they can't; they must  stand up and tell their story, shout it, let everyone know that they're  human.  We will get better, if we listen.
1556154844|5.0|This is a book that almost all programmers have to read.  McConnell  teaches you how to be efficient and accurate in your coding styles.  He  explains what are the downsides of certain techniques and how to modify  yourself to be more efficient.  In a way, I would call this a rule book on  how you should apply yourself to software development.  It gives a lot of  suggestions on how you should go about this field and make yourself a  better programmer.  Topics range from naming conventions (including when a  name is too long), planning, modularity, and just plain common sense.
B000002WYT|5.0|I always prefered live albums, because I think they bring much more  dynamism and musical creativity from the artists.  But this CD is making me  change my mind.  I started out by buying DMB live albums (Listener  Supported, Live at Red Rocks and Remember Two Things).  But, on this CD,  the studio versions are, for most of them, better.  The fact is that they  recorded the songs in a live scheme, i.e. they played all together instead  of recording each their own part separately (wich was the case for Under  the Table and Dreaming).  The result is surprising.  You never heard that  good a version of #41 and Two Step, and Say Goodbye is worth the buying  itself.  Let You Down represents a new musical approach for Matthews, with  its blues, say Clapton like style.  And the idea of finally recording  Tripping Billies on an official studio album was a great one.  They've been  playing this one for years now, and the evolution they brought to it makes  it an excellent addition to the album.  The soft Cry Freedom is really  refreshing, while the more dynamic Lie In Our Graves, with great music  playing from Tinsley and Moore, prove the high quality of the album remains  high until the end.  Beauford's and Reynolds' (or Matthews'?) performances  on drums and acoustic guitar respectively are just amazing.  Those guys, by  putting musicianship in front of anything else, were able to give us some  of the best material of the 90's.  And of all their work, I think this  album is their best one, even though studio albums UTTAD and Before These  Crowded Streets are quite good too.
0684852756|5.0|&quot;Without love, most of life remains concealed. Nothing is as  fascinating as love, unfortunately.&quot;<br />There is a bitter irony in the  choice of &quot;intimacy&quot; as the title of this short novel. Intimacy  is what love inevitably brings about, and intimacy is what ultimately  stifles love for Jay, the narrator of Kureishi's third novel. It has been  called a hate letter to the author's former partner and mother of twins,  and drew fierce criticism for its self-centered brooding and lack of  self-awareness. True, it is not a work which grows from the kind of wisdom  that looks for the golden mean. But it is a very entertaining and, despite  its serious subject, surprisingly funny book about the one human passion  that defies all common sense: romantic love. In Jay's definition, love is  nourished by beauty, mystery, pleasure, novelty - in one word:  impermanence. Jay defends his idea of the ideal love against the morality  of the majority, and it takes a sense of humor and some tolerance on the  part of the reader to enjoy his way of thinking. In his very own peculiar  way, Jay is in pursuit of happiness. He wants to live life to the fullest,  but always remains on the verge of failure because his ideal of love is so  elusive.
6304493681|5.0|probably nothing I'll write will have any effect on your decision to get  this DVD since it already received 5 stars from everyone, but if you're new  to Manga (otherwise u own this  movie :)) like I was, maybe we have  something in common... simply great... beats watching the crap that  hollywood puts out nowadays... great visually (I mean top quality!),  awesome  music, nice and slow, but the action is fast paced, oh and the  plot... and if people still refer to these as &quot;cartoon with big  eyes&quot; then I guess I love watching 'cartoons with big eyes'...
1559948671|5.0|If a person can read this book and not have a tear(s) fill their eyes,  then they have no heart, and have no place on this Earth. I've read the  book twice and have the TV documentary on tape. I have yet to make it all  the way through the documentary without having to leave the room. Awesome!  Gut wrenching! It should be required reading for every high school student  in America and every young person entering our Armed Forces.
B00004KD1L|4.0|I borrowed this off a friend a while ago and only got a brief time to  listen to it, but within that time I realised this needed to be part of my  collection. This CD is ranked as highly as Chemical Brothers, Orbital, Fat  Boys Slim and Air and contains a little bit of each of them in each track.   I recently stubbled across this beauty about a week ago in a seconds shop  and was amazed to see that someone had decided to sell it. Since then I  haven't been able to stop playing it. I recommend it to anyone who is  wishing to invest in some quality toons.
0780020685|5.0|The Seven Samurai is a great study into Japanese culture, samurai  pathways, and humanity in general. Each one of the Seven Samurai has a  story and it is told well. This film offers swordfighting, a psychological  profile of the time, and much more. This movie is indeed epic, there is  simply no other word that does it justice!
B00004TRD8|4.0|This puppy is so cool. I it has cool looking menus where it looks like a  terminator factory along with the movie itself. The picture is GREAT and  the Metal case really adds to the overall package. The booklet in the DVD  is cool. It has lots of information about the movie. Own a DVD? Get it.  Beware though: this thing might melt from watching it too many times and it  could ruin your DVD player. Well not quite but you get the idea.
0307155102|5.0|Mr. Scarry created one of the best children's books of all time with &quot;The Best Word Book Ever.&quot; I am now in my late 20's, and still  fondly remember sitting quietly for hours as a preschooler and  kindergardener enthralled by this book. The illustrations were so creative  that I envisioned the small town with winding roads and rivers, the  multistoried houses with all of their interesting contents. Each page is  packed with vocabulary and intricate illustrations that children can look  at for hours. I plan on giving this book to as many children in my family  as I can. Mr. Scarry's title is the truth!
B00004X0Q0|4.0|Relationship of Command may be ATDI's most crazy, loud record as of yet.   It still maintains a lot of melody through.  It was produced by Ross  Robinson, (korn, limp bizkit, other bad metal bands), but don't let that  scare you away.  I think Ross really captured something the previous  producers missed.  ROC is the real deal.  Pick it up, and see them live to  fully appreciate them. If you haven't heard of At the Drive-In, you might  want to get In/Casino/Out first, but all the albums are incredible.
B00004SCX6|1.0|Miss Spear's latest offering is rather like that rash you caught last time  you visited a cathouse: unsightly; irritating; disturbingly contagious;  difficult to get rid of; guiltily acquired when the wife's back was turned;  worryingly familiar.  The public should be warned.
B000002MZ9|5.0|Neil Young and Pearl Jam's impressive musical collaboration has a live sound, with thick, unpolished guitars, heavy drums and crashing drums everywhere, as if in rehearsal mode. Though these songs completely rock out, there's an old-fashioned sense to them, a sort of archaic vibe for the respect of rock and roll music. The comraderie and naturalness between [[ASIN:B000ETQRCM Pearl Jam]] and Young is unmistakable -- the combination fits like well-worn slippers. The heavy guitar chops on such songs as \\"Song X,\\" \\"Act of Love\\" and the epic \\"I'm the Ocean\\" are all as intense and rocking as any Pearl Jam or Neil Young album out there.<br /><br />The bold repetativeness of \\"I'm the Ocean\\" -- one of the best songs on the album -- is proof that none of these guys need to prop up their songs with hokey, unneeded sonic effects from the studio. It's one of those songs that could go on forever without getting old, and it practically does. The drum beat alone is mesmerizing, but Young's observational lyrics are also impressive. The fact that it sounds like a raw rehersal take in the studio makes it even better. \\"Big Green Country\\" is a  rolling, high-energy song that clicks on all cylinders, a countryman's version of mosh. Only at \\"Truth Be Told\\" does the pace and volume on \\"Mirror Ball\\" come down considerably. The raunchier \\"Downtown\\" was released as a single, and with its references to Led Zeppelin, hippies and a huge Jimmy Page-like riff, it delivered the goods.<br /><br />Two portions of \\"Mirror  Ball\\" -- the middle and very end -- feature a hymnallike organ, the heartwrenching backdrop for Young's short lyrical spot that is aching in its tenderness.<br /><br />Both Pearl Jam and Neil Young share the same integrity and ideals, lyrically and musically, especially on such classic rock-sounding monsters like \\"Peace and Love\\" and \\"Throw Your Hatred Down.\\" Eddie Vedder's lone vocal contribution on \\"Peace and Love\\" is hearfelt and well-placed, an unforgettable moment, like a star in the gloriously murky haze of guitars.<br /><br />And listen for Young's own beautiful closer, \\"Fallen Angel,\\" perhaps one of the sweetest, most emotional endings to any album ever. \\"Mirror Ball\\" may be a somewhat obscure release now, but it was one of the best albums made in the 1990s, and a dynamite collaboration of sounds.ky haze of guitars.      And listen for Young's own beautiful closer, \\"Fallen Angel,\\" perhaps one of the sweetest, most emotional endings to any album ever. \\"Mirror Ball\\" may be a somewhat obscure release now, but it was one of the best albums made in the 1990s, and a dynamite collaboration of sounds.
B000002UAX|5.0|So much hype surrounds the Beatles in retrospect that it's all too easy to  forget that in the late 60's the Fab Four were amongst the most violent  agitators of socialist revolution the music industry has ever seen.  Just  listening to the lyrics of 'Revolution' demonstrates that despite the  stunning aural spectrum the band utilised, the real importance of the songs  is the message: that we don't have to take it from the man without putting  up a fight.  All four lads had sound left-wing credentials (Lennon was a  Trotskyist, the other three followed the more orthodox teachings of Marx  and Engels) and their socialist beliefs shine throughout this masterly work  (originally named 'Capital' after Marx's Bible of the left).  Just look at  'Revolution', 'Back in the USSR', 'Helter Skelter' and 'Piggies'.  These  tracks, when released during the summer of discontent in 1968 provided the  soundtrack to an aborted uprising which, had it succeeded, would have seen  a transformation of the economic system of the western world and brought an  end to the bourgeois domination of the airwaves by groups such as Hermann's  Hermits (a band named in reference to the late Herr Goering, long time  anti-communist and enslaver of the workers) and the Beach Boys.  Indeed,  such groups would have been found a place against the nearest wall (as sung  about by Pink Floyd who, as their name suggests, were another band involved  in the Red Days of '68).  Sadly ideological fissures opened up within the  band prior to the most crucial part of the uprising, leading to a  Bolshevik-Menshevik style split within the group (Lennon in the latter  party, the other three in the former).  Lennon's death was the final  outcome of this split.  Ringo 'Red' Starr's 'Don't Pass Me By' is a  fascinating critique of historical-progressionism, whilst Harrison's  'Whilst my Guitar gently weeps' is a piercingly insightful discussion of  global capitalism's stranglehold over the life and freedoms of the  individual (see, especially, the lyrics 'I don't know why somebody told  you, someone controlled you, they bought and sold you').  <br />Comrades!  It  is about time that we of the left reclaimed this album as our own, for it  is one of the greatest testaments to the dedication of musical socialists  the world over.  Good bye, brothers.<br />(glen_g_taylor@hotmail.com)
0446608955|5.0|&quot;First you will smile, and then you will cry -- dont' say you haven't  been warned.&quot;<br />This book does exactly just that.<br />You smile... even  laugh sometimes.. and suddenly break into tears... and keep on crying...   until the last line...<br />A Walk to Remember makes you contemplate once  again what it means to be a human, and what is importatant about being  human.  The plot maybe simple, but it well serves its purpose.  Expect to  finish this in a few sittings while saying &quot;not yet, don't end this  yet&quot;.  <br />The bottom line is: If you loved the Notebook, you'll love  this one even more; if you didn't love the Notebook, you'll love this  one...
B00004T8RK|5.0|As with all of their albums, Binaural definitely comes through.  The  tracks have the introspectiveness of No Code with the solid riffs of Yield,  yet it comes away with its own unique personality.  <br />The real gems on the  album are: Light Years, a longing ballad about the loss of a loved one;  Grievance, with storming guitar riffs; Sleight of Hand, which makes makes  full use of the binaural recording technique, and a beautiful end to the  album with Parting Ways, in which Pearl Jam bring a taste of violins into  their music for the first time--to great success.<br />Truly a work of genius.
B00000K31V|4.0|A great movie!  I'd have given 5 stars, but I just can't bring myself to  agree with that self-serving doubletalk proffered by the viewer from  National City, CA.
B000002BFZ|5.0|Most people point to Ten as Pearl Jam's best album, though I will argue  wholeheartedly that this honor should instead go to No Code.  <br />No Code is  Pearl Jam's most diverse album, with punky rockers like Hail Hail, Lukin,  Habit, and Mankind, thoughtful introspectives like Sometimes and Off He  Goes, Eastern-tinged songs like Who You Are and In My Tree, and classic  rockers like Present Tense, Smile, and Red Mosquito.<br />IMHO, In My Tree is  the real gem, with Jack Irons at his best--this song exemplifies the  contribution he made to PJ in his 3 short years in the band.<br />Aside from  the music, No Code's album art and design was revolutionary.  <br />Truly  amazing.
B00004W55E|5.0|Rachelle has done it again. This CD is absolutely soul-stirring. Rachelle  is singing from her soul and heart. If you are a true jazz fan then this is  a must have.  Every song on the CD is excellent but if I had to pick a song  it would be &quot;I Forgive You&quot; it definately showcases Rachelle's  angelic voice. And make sure you check out Reflections of My Heart you will  see that singing runs in the family.<br />Hopefully, Rachelle won't make us  wait another 8 years.
B00004WGAI|5.0|Truest to the written word and flavor of Charlotte Bronte's  novel, this  is the version for all true &quot;Janians.&quot;  It is almost perfectly  cast with Timothy Dalton as Mr. Rochester, the darkly brooding master of  Thornfield Hall, and Zelah Clarke as Our Heroine, Jane Eyre.<br />I've almost  worn my VHS copy out; I hope a DVD copy is in the works!  I cannot  recommend this version highly enough.
014028009X|3.0|When this book came out I thought it looked like this cliche-ridden, trite  piece of Cosmo-style fluff. Then a friend recommended it so I gave it a  whirl. Sure enough, I was right all along. But hey, we can all enjoy some  fluff now and then. I suspect I wouldn't enjoy it half so much if it  weren't for her amusing (to Americans) London vernacular, but what the  heck. <br />Bridget is the kind of person I avoid as much as possible -  obsessive about weight, desperate about men, a sloppy drunk and extremely  shallow. Then again, we've all had our phases like that in one way or  another. I do enjoy the honesty about the drinking and smoking - I don't  think an American woman would even be allowed to write a book like  that!<br />It's a silly, entertaining book and I'll probably read the sequel.  But please don't compare it to P&amp;P!! Anyone can write a book and call a  character &quot;Darcy&quot;!
B000002UAI|5.0|If this album was put out by ANYBODY else at the time,and I mean  anybody(the stones, the beach boys, dylan, presley)it would have been  regarded as a earth shattering, must have, incredible masterpiece! But  because its a beatle collection, it's compared right away to hard days  night, revolver, pepper, abbey road, ect. Any album that contains eight  days a week, I'll follow the sun,words of love,kansas city,every little  thing, I'm a loser, and rock and roll music is a five star event, and is  must have!
1878424319|5.0|The first time I read it, I blew through the book.  Fairly practical  information and good clear examples.  Wasn't a lot of new material to me,  but it was presented well and in a new light--so to speak.<br />The second  time, however, is a real work.  It has been cause for me to reflect and  reorganize some of the ways I think about things.  You can take the simple  statements of this book and go as deep as you want with it.  For me, this  time around is having a profound affect on how I view things.  I am  particularly engaged in the whole agreement and domestication aspects he  presents.
B00004WKII|5.0|4 c.d.s , 56 rare or unreleased  recordings, an 80 page color booklet with  great photos and liner notes.      All wrapped in a purple  velvet box  fit  for the King of the  electric guitar. This is  the  Gem of the Hendrix   posthumous releases.       The early live cuts from only the 4th live   appearance show that the chemistry was  there from the start. The cuts from  the long out of print In The West L.P.  alone make this an essential  purchase. Little Wing live from the Albert Hall  tops the studio version.        Red House live from San Diego is as close as there is to a definitive  version  of Jimis' blues classic.       Voodoo Child(slight return) live  with no studio gimmicks is Stunning.            The Chuck Berry classic  Johnny B. Goode is given a royal workout by the Experience. I was amazed  when I saw the live concert film Jimi Plays Berkley to see it was Jimi   alone. It just doesnt get any better than this.       A great studio cut of  The Star Spangled Banner, a rousing Hear My Train A Comin' and Spanish  Castle Magic.       The stirring instumental cut of Little Wing. I could  rave on and on about the treasures in this box.       Jimi is the Master of  the amplified six string , and his music sounds just as fresh today as it  ever has. You can't miss with this one.
0679735909|3.0|The poetry here is a terrible chore-- The imagined letters a horrible  bore-- This woman's writing is awfully clumsy-- She uses cliches like a  matronly mummsy-- Infelicitous phrases, as common as hookers-- I wonder and  wonder how she won that Bookers-- and yet, and yet, its quite a good  story-- as brilliant and lovely as some Morninglory-- so let me just tell  ya in a voice that's stentorian yer probably better off reading some REAL  Victorian!
B000002GJ7|5.0|Quite frankly this album changed my life and shows the musical versatility  of the band to the maximum. Switching from Funk Metal to Jazz to Ballad  with seemingly motionless pattern. Off the back of this album and seeing  the band perform encouraged me to try and emulate Nuno &amp; the boys by  picking up the Guitar. My band are now close to big things thanks to Nuno  &amp; Extreme. There's obviously the track 'More Than Words' that brought  Extreme to the masses but it's more the tracks like 'It's a Monster'  'Decadence Dance' 'Pornograffitti' &amp; 'He Man Woman Hater' that I still  love over ten years on.<br />These boys knew how to rock with the best of  them, a timeless classic that I shall always have to the forefront of my  record collection.<br />You quite simply have never been 'funked' until you've  listened to this album. Thanks boys!!
B00004VWA7|5.0|This is the best bass player who ever lived playing the best music ever  composed for bass (and most tracks on the album are composed by Jaco  himself.) I cannot stop listening to it. Every time I pop it in, it's a  different sound. As a bass player myself I can say that this man has  influenced my style even more than the legendary Paul Chambers. There is no  sound like Jaco, and there is no album like this.
B00003CXDG|4.0|People need to calm down and look at this movie as it really is...an action movie.  Of course the stunts aren't realistic and the love story is  pretty cheesy, but that's the magic of movies.  The movie supplies  wonderful eye candy and you can't help but love or hate the characters.   Get this movie and sit back, relax and soak in the magic of John Woo.
B000001DTM|5.0|This CD is one of the all-time-greats. Going on 10 years, it still sounds  brand new. The U2 atmosphere (sound doesn't quite suffice) is entrancing,  hard to escape, eventually one succumbs to the groove. Many, many  remarkable lines ... &quot;Love is blindness, I don't wanna  see&quot;...&quot;You gave me nothing now that's all I got&quot;. There's a  certain morose quality to it that is genuinely european (after the USA  homage &quot;Rattle and Hum&quot;) without being euro trash. I was an  onstage security guy at the U2 Achtung Baby tour (ah, sweet college days!)  and I can report that up to 80,000 people per concert were absolutely  enthused by that tour. U2 is an excellent live act as well.
B000002UAX|1.0|It's too bad that nobody in America really knows the truth about the White  Album--that Lennon and McCartney completely ripped it off from the  unrealeased, untitled Mashed Potatoes masterpiece from 1968. I should  know--I was in the bloody band! If we only knew that when John and Paul  were hanging around the Primal Barn watching us record classics like  &quot;Ode to Sidz&quot; and &quot;The Black Man&quot; that they were just  going to go ahead and pillage us! Sure, we hung out with them at Abbey Road  during the making of this album (yes, that's 557 playing that thundering,  unforgiving bass line on Helter Skelter, and that is Nile singing &quot;Why  Don't We Do It in the Road&quot;, NOT Paul McCartney), but we didn't think  it would actually be released! Thieves! Sure, and &quot;Revolution 9&quot;  just came out of thin air! Rubbish--we recorded &quot;Rise Humanoids&quot;  with John and George present at the Primal Barn (and a ton of LSD, I might  add) three months before. I saw John in New York in the mid 70's when we  were jamming with Lou Reed and he even admitted that they stole from us. He  even admitted to me that &quot;Fruit Pie&quot; was the inspiration for  &quot;Cry, Baby, Cry.&quot; It's now time for the others to fess up! If  Ringo hadn't stolen the master tapes from the Barn after a night of heavy  boozing with us and Herman's Hermits, we could show the world that we were  the true innovators of rock and roll. Long live Mashed Potatoes!!
078322334X|3.0|This sequel to the 1993 blockbuster is good as sequels go but isn't a  great movie. Jeff Goldblum gives a good performance as Dr. Ian Malcolm and  Julianne Moore contributes too. The screenplay based on the novel by  Michael Crichton is poorly done but has a few funny lines. The  cinematography is good and captures the horror very well, and the  production design is very frightening. The soundwork is very good, but the  editing by veteran Michael Kahn (Close Encounters, Raiders of the Lost Ark,  E.T.) is not very well done, you can hardly digest what is happening. John  Williams contributes a rousing yet ominous score. One thing that keeps this  movie moving are the incredible Oscar nominated special effects done  masterfully by the great Dennis Muren and Stan Winston. The basic plot is  that John Hammond, the creator of Jurassic Park, has an island where  dinosaurs roam freely but must send Malcolm along with his girlfriend and  two other companions to photograph the dinosaurs so Ingen will be kept from  disturbing the dinosaurs. Overall, fairly well done, suspenseful, but fails  to capture the awe, greatness, and wonder that the original possessed.  There is also a Jurassic Park 3 coming out. I can't wait.
6305841861|4.0|A rather funny and quite grusome sequel that begins straight after the  first Evil Dead that features Ash (Bruce Campbell) battling possesive demon  spirits in a lonely cabin out in the woods. This movie caused a great deal  of confussion when it was released. The audience never knew if it was  supposed to be a sequel or a remake. The answer is that it is a 'sequel'.  The first Evil Dead movie ended with a close-up shoot of Bruce  Campbell  screaming at the camera (the impression was that he was<br />being attacked by  an evil spirit). But the second Evil Dead movie starts off with new footage  of Ash going to a cabin with his girlfriend and the whole thing starts all  over again. They were originally going to use the footage from the first  Evil Dead to use in the beginning of Evil Dead 2 to explain the story, but  they were unable to get the rights for the footage so they had to re-film  the footage to use in the beginning of Evil Dead 2. The DVD edition is  definately a must have for the fans of the series. To start it off it is  THX mastered so the picture quality is a big improvement and it features a  great 5.1 Dolby track. It also comes with a really cool featurette that is  very informative and very funny to watch. The video game preview is also  very cool with its superb graphics, the theatrical trailer is just like any  theatrical trailer and it comes with two commentary tracks. You don't have  to be an Evil Dead fan to enjoy this edition, it can appeal to anyone who  appreciates thrilling action, horror, comedy or just really cool DVDs.
078322334X|3.0|This sequel to the 1993 blockbuster is good as sequels go but isn't a  great movie. Jeff Goldblum gives a good performance as Dr. Ian Malcolm and  Julianne Moore contributes, too. The screenplay based on the novel by  Michael Crichton is poorly done but has a few funny lines. The  cinematography is good and captures the horror very well, and the  production design is very frightening. The soundwork is very good, but the  editing by veteran Michael Kahn (Close Encounters, Raiders of the Lost Ark,  E.T.) is not very well done, you can hardly digest what is happening. John  Williams contributes a rousing yet ominous score. One thing that keeps this  movie moving are the incredible Oscar nominated special effects done  masterfully by the great Dennis Muren and Stan Winston. The basic plot is  that John Hammond, the creator of Jurassic Park, has an island where  dinosaurs roam freely but must send Malcolm along with his girlfriend and  two other companions to photograph the dinosaurs and release the pictures  to the public so Ingen will be kept from disturbing the dinosaurs. Overall,  fairly well done, suspenseful, but fails to capture the awe, greatness, and  wonder that the original possessed. There is also a Jurassic Park 3 coming  out. I can't wait.
B00004SCX6|3.0|I have seen past video clips of the Britney singing ballads live. She has  a great vocal style and can hit &quot;notes!&quot; Her voice sounds overly  artificial on this album. She talked about an edgier field more R&amp;B  that was gonna be on, but its all pure bubble bum pop with rhyming lyrics  that get stuck to your head. All the songs have the same format:  Verse,verse,bridge, chorus, verse,verse,bridge, chorus, slow bridge,last  chorus while slow bridge is playing at the same time.  Here's an overview  of all the songs. I love Brit, but her songs just don't emotionally  motivate me like Christina Aguilera or Dido.<br />1. Oops... Y'all know it, no  need explaining here 2. Stronger: One of the better songs, voice is too  computerized though. 3.Don't go knockin on my door: starts out sorta  R&amp;B, rest of the song is pop and gets very old after awhile.  4.Satisfaction: I love this song, and her vocals are not computerized as  much. This song is true &quot;brit&quot; 5.Don't let me be the last to  know: Pretty song, but she kinda ruins it when she adds her little  &quot;squeaks&quot; at the end of each line.&quot; 6. What you see is what  you get: short and sweet lyrics, sounds so much like an N'Sync song. 7.  Lucky: Britney manages to bring in the emotions of Lucky. But, Junky  lyrics: &quot;Early morning, she wakes up, knock, knock, knock, on the  door.&quot; The only good lyric is &quot;if there is nothing missin in my  life, then why do these tears come at night?&quot; Voice is WAAAAAAAY too  computerized. 8. One kiss from you: Good start, gets boring and long the  rest of the song. The lyrics aren't to bad. 9.Where are you now: probably  my favorite song. She sounds really pretty and real on this song. Good  songwriting. Manages to hold a note. 10. Can't make you love me: Sounds  kinda like #6. Gets old after awhile. 11. When you're eyes say it. Sounds  like a song just to fill up space. Dianne Warren probably wrote a song with  no big-time vocals. All shedoes is whisper. 12. Dear diary: no guys will  ever listen to this song. Wrong vocal style to use. You can tell it wasn't  professional writing (Brit co-wrote,) but I like it cuz she sounds sweet,  grows on ya.<br />All in all its an okay album. Its worth listening too, but  Britney needs better material and find a different vocal coach.
0156421178|4.0|Very well written and very entertaining.  One of the best  Biographies/Memoirs I have read.
B000002B7M|4.0|Many Ozzfans think that &quot;Blizzard of Ozz&quot; is the ultimate album,  the best he ever made and so on... I can't share that opinion somehow. It  includes some of the best songs he ever wrote but as an album it fails. Yes  it has it's lowpoints. &quot;No Bone Movies&quot; sucks merciless in  comperison with songs like &quot;Revelation&quot;, &quot;Mr. Crowley&quot;  or &quot;Goodbye to Romance&quot;. Also, if you want Rhandy Roads to leave  it's mark on the album with an instrumental song, has it to be this short  and meaningless (Dee)? On the other Hand, it has &quot;Mr. Crowley&quot;,  &quot;I don't know&quot; and &quot;Crazy Train&quot;. It is rather a mixed  bag than a full-time quality effort. The greatness of some songs makes  others look below average. I like &quot;Blizzard&quot; too, but if you want  the best he ever made get &quot;No Rest for the Wicked&quot;, where you  will find absolutely no filler songs.
0803292406|2.0|The book, The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde has a great plot,  but it could be written better. Also, the book is somewhat hard to  understand because it is written in an older form of English. The author,  Robert Louis Stevenson, does however do a good job of describing the  setting. The story takes place in the late 1800's in London, England.
B00000JPYQ|5.0|While I completely disagree that there was anything great about the vocals  (or that tinkly electric piano) in UFO, that's not really the point, is it?  This is Michael Schenker live, as good as he's ever been, doing things  years ago that guys like Steve Vai and Joe Satriani can't even do now:  write catchy, exciting tunes to go with those blistering solos.
B00003CXDG|2.0|This movie is ridiculous. I went to see it because of the good reviews it had when it opened in theatres, and because of the theatrical trailer I had  seen. But that was it.   This would have been a good piece of work for a  five minutes video-clip, with the music, Tom Cruises hair blowing in the  wind while flying with his motorcycle, and the excellent cinematography and  slow motion sequences. But a movie based on that? Come on. It is a shame,  because I was begining to respect Tom Cruises career as an actor, with  some great films he made.
0671034065|4.0|The Mr. Perfect List starts as good, clean, girl fun but ends in distaster  when it gains the attention of, not only the media, but someone who takes a  murderous exception to it.  The relationship building between Jaine Bright  and Sam Donovan is sexy as well as hilarious but the story turns to tears  as the death count rises.  You know &quot;who dun it&quot;; but will Sam  figure it out before the next one dies?<br />A fast and enjoyable read.  I  hope you enjoy it too.
B000002AVF|3.0|Daydream was one of the albums I bought while I was waiting for Rainbow to  be released. I was debating whether or not to purchase this album; I had  already bought #1's. However, I am a big fan of Mariah's interludes (even  if she does scream too loud)so I purchased this. Also, I wanted to hear  Underneath The Stars, since Mariah wished that would be a single. As I took  the album home with me I was still feeling depressed as to whether or not I  wasted my money. However, I was suprised when I realized that the Fantasy  on this album was the real version, not the remix I had heard on #1's. The  interlude was well done, although the beat felt strange. Underneath The  Stars was wonderful; almost identical to Fourth Of July. So I had not  wasted my money. How wrong was I.<br />After I was done skipping to those  three songs, I started listening to the other tracks. First off all, the  lyrics made no sense to me, in fact they seemed totally stupid. All the  time I never knew exactly what she was talking about. Later on I learned of  her marriage, which is probably talked about in  &quot;I Am Free&quot;.  Part of the lyrics say &quot;free to give...free to laugh..free to  shine..&quot; What the h**l is that? Was Mr. Motola putting her in a  prison? My God that was so stupid. The rest of the album I heard more and  more useless fillers, and I got more frustrated as I heard each track.  Finally, I shoved it into my closet and never dared listen to it until  yesterday when my sister wanted me to listen to it. Besides, Butterfly was  much better. So, to sum this all up, if you like ballads and lyrics that  you may not understand, then buy the album.<br />Why I gave this three stars:  star 1: fantasy  star 2: underneath the stars star 3: daydream  interlude<br />By the way, Miss Mariah who uses other people's music to serve  herself copied Tom Tom Club's &quot;Genious Of Love&quot; for Fantasy and  Fantasy Remix, and Journey's &quot;Open Arms&quot;.
0671034065|4.0|The Mr. Perfect List starts as good, clean, girl fun but ends in distaster  when it gains the attention of, not only the media, but someone who takes a  murderous exception to it.  The relationship building between Jaine Bright  and Sam Donovan is sexy as well as hilarious but the story turns to tears  as the death count rises.  You know &quot;who dun it&quot;; but will Sam  figure it out before the next one dies?<br />A fast and enjoyable read.  I  hope you enjoy it too.
B00003CXDU|5.0|I bought this film because my kids are Tim Allen fans and my husband loves  silly comedies. I thought it would please everyone but me, as I am bored to  death by silly comedies. But the science fiction setting and the cast list  of talented actors gave me some hope that at least I wouldn't fall asleep  in front of the TV.   Now I am so glad I bought this movie and I keep  watching it again and again, finding more subtle jokes &amp; being  impressed each time by the director's great restraint &amp; the excellent  comic timing throughout the film. Dean Parisot could have easily taken this  film over the top, but instead he keeps the humor in check and the action  tight, not allowing himself or his actors to overindulge themselves in a  scene or a gag.   Sigourney Weaver proves that she can play a dumb blonde  &amp; still be smart, and I think Tony Shalhoub is glossed over too much in  other reviews of this film. His character is not dim; he's existential and  is played, again, with such subtlety &amp; restraint, that every scene with  him is a delight. The only troublesome scene for Shalhoub's character is  the one in which he must find the courage to digitize Commander Taggert up  from the planet's surface. The scene is not a stretch for Tony Shalhoub,  but it doesn't fit the character of a man who is entertained by a crash  landing in a space shuttle, then casually opens the door and steps out like  a trusting fool.   Bravo. I'm going out right now to find more films  directed by Dean Parisot and to see more of Tony Shalhoub.
6305014140|5.0|Most reviewers of this film seem to be extreme anime fanatics. I was not.  I saw Akira a few years back and counted it among my favorite movies, but  hadn't seen any more anime until very recently when I heard that Ninja  Scroll was even better. I rented it... and within minutes of turning it on,  my jaw dropped and stayed there. Artwork. Voice-overs. Story. It all draws  you in immediately. This is a very smart piece of work made for adults!<br />I love Sci-Fi and Fantasy, and have always believed that anime was by  far the best way to put it on screen. But unfortunately, when left in the  hands of Americans producers concerned only with making money- the movie  gets \\"dumbed up\\" so everyone can understand it, and/or made \\"safe and  silly\\" so kids will want to see it. Ninja Scroll does not. This is  hard-hitting fantasy at its best. It has ninjas. It has demons. It has  blood. It has curses. It's sexually explicit. It's not for the timid. It  will forever change your opinion of \\"cartoons.\\"<br />Provided the words  \\"ninja\\" or \\"fantasy\\" don't make you roll your eyes- you just can't go wrong  with this movie. I haven't seen anything like it since.
6304935803|5.0|&#34;Patton&#34; is one of the best and most honored war films of all  time. (8 Academy Awards, including Best Picture, 1970.) I first saw this  magnificent movie in the summer of 1970, and have since then viewed it  countless numbers of time on videocassette. It remains to this day one of  my one of my all-time favorite films of any genre! It faithfully tells the  story of General George S. Patton, one of the most colorful and  controversial military leaders in American history. Patton is imbued with  superb acting, an excellent screenplay, reasonably good historical  accuracy, and some of the most authentic and stirring battle scenes I've  ever seen in a movie.<br /><br />Based upon General of the Army Omar N. Bradley's  memoirs &#34;A Soldier's Story,&#34; and the book &#34;Patton: Ordeal  and Triumph&#34; by Ladislas Farago, this film chronicles Patton's  military career from early 1943, when he assumed command of the U.S. Army  II Corps, to his relief from command of the Third Army in late 1945. Many  of the most important events in Patton's checkered career are covered in  some detail: his resurrection of II Corps after its disastrous defeat by  the Germans at Kasserine Pass in the North African desert; II Corps'  subsequent victory, under his leadership, over units of Rommel's Afrika  Corps at El Qatar; Patton's command of the U.S. Seventh Army during the  Sicily campaign, and his slapping of an army private suffering from battle  fatigue; his relief from command, and his attempts to extricate himself  from possibly being sent home in disgrace; and, his leadership of the Third  Army, where he led the Allied drive across France and into Germany in one  of the most successful campaigns in U.S. military history.<br /><br />Patton's  penchant for &#34;putting his foot in his mouth&#34; proved his ultimate  undoing. As World War II ended, and the victorious allies began to reward  their successful generals with promotions and honors, Patton was relieved -  yet again - from a military command for his ill advised remarks, and for  his failure to adhere to U.S. government de-Nazification policies.<br /><br />The  acting in Patton is superb throughout. George C. Scott certainly deserved  the Best Actor Academy Award he won (but refused) for his portrayal of  Patton. He dominates nearly every scene with his brilliant portrayal of  &#34;Old Blood and Guts.&#34; Scott's &#34;Patton&#34; is a man of  masks. For example, in the opening scenes, we see Patton the stone-faced,  profane, passionate warrior, a man bent on intimidating nearly everyone  around him to his implacable will for victory. During his exile from  command, Patton dons the mask of contrite penitent; and during his drive  through France, Patton becomes a buddy to the common soldiers who made up  Third Army.<br /><br />Karl Malden portrays General Omar Bradley, and gives  probably his best performance of any film in which I've seen him. He imbues  Bradley's character with the great intellectual ability, down-to-earth  &#34;common soldier&#34; demeanor, and no-nonsense approach in dealing  with Patton (both as subordinate and superior) for which Bradley is noted  by historians. Other performances of note include: Michael Bates as the  vain, priggish Montgomery; Paul Stevens as Patton's sycophantic aide  Charles Codman; and Edward Binns as the gruff, testy General Walter Bedell  Smith.<br /><br /> Because of the gorgeous photography throughout the film, I highly  recommend viewing Patton in widescreen format. The difference between  widescreen and TV formatting, either on DVD or VHS, is astounding.<br /><br />Patton  is a movie which will hold the viewer spellbound start to finish, mainly  due to the dramatic intensity of Scott's and Malden's performances, and the  realistic battle scenes. This outstanding film is one to be savored by  anyone who loves a sumptuously produced and well acted war movie.in - from a military command for his ill advised remarks, and for  his failure to adhere to U.S. government de-Nazification policies.<br /><br />The  acting in Patton is superb throughout. George C. Scott certainly deserved  the Best Actor Academy Award he won (but refused) for his portrayal of  Patton. He dominates nearly every scene with his brilliant portrayal of  &#34;Old Blood and Guts.&#34; Scott's &#34;Patton&#34; is a man of  masks. For example, in the opening scenes, we see Patton the stone-faced,  profane, passionate warrior, a man bent on intimidating nearly everyone  around him to his implacable will for victory. During his exile from  command, Patton dons the mask of contrite penitent; and during his drive  through France, Patton becomes a buddy to the common soldiers who made up  Third Army.<br /><br />Karl Malden portrays General Omar Bradley, and gives  probably his best performance of any film in which I've seen him. He imbues  Bradley's character with the great intellectual ability, down-to-earth  &#34;common soldier&#34; demeanor, and no-nonsense approach in dealing  with Patton (both as subordinate and superior) for which Bradley is noted  by historians. Other performances of note include: Michael Bates as the  vain, priggish Montgomery; Paul Stevens as Patton's sycophantic aide  Charles Codman; and Edward Binns as the gruff, testy General Walter Bedell  Smith.<br /><br /> Because of the gorgeous photography throughout the film, I highly  recommend viewing Patton in widescreen format. The difference between  widescreen and TV formatting, either on DVD or VHS, is astounding.<br /><br />Patton  is a movie which will hold the viewer spellbound start to finish, mainly  due to the dramatic intensity of Scott's and Malden's performances, and the  realistic battle scenes. This outstanding film is one to be savored by  anyone who loves a sumptuously produced and well acted war movie.
B000008H1U|5.0|Finally someone, somewhere in the music industry wised up and re-issued  this stunning masterpiece!  Following a 3-year hiatus from recording, and  one full year away from music, Tull returned to the studio (Ian's house)  with a band consisting only of Msrs. Anderson, Barre, Pegg and some  part-time percussionists.  Some years removed from their last strong  effort, and following Ian Anderson's illness in which his magnificent voice  was severely and permanently damaged, one could hardly imagine that Tull  would return with what may be the finest and most powerful Tull album of  all.  <br />The album opens with a fast-paced rocker (Steel Monkey) -- an  effective if somewhat mundane starter song (not helped at all by the use of  the drum programme), which provides no real clue to the power and quality  of what is to come.  And, in fact, come right away:  Farm On The Freeway is  an intriguing mixture of protest ballad and rocker, lamenting thoughtless  urban sprawl, and containing unparalleled instrumental passages.  It is  perfectly designed to be a live-concert mainstay.  An absolute gift to a  tight band.  Jump Start is a heavy rocker most notable for Martin Barre's  strident guitar work.  A good song, well-known and widely played, but  definitely NOT the best rocker on the album.<br />Tull's music, throughout the  years, is redolent with gorgeous and unique melodies -- usually (but not  always) found in shorter, less structurally complex works.  Little jewels  with timeless melodies that provide not only a change-of-pace but are an  adornment of such beauty that they become as memorable as any works in the  set.  Of all these, I can think of none any more fetching than Said She Was  A Dancer.  Centered around a gorgeous bluesy melody, it is the humorous  story of a western rock star -- Ian Anderson in the first person --  attempting, vainly,  to put a line on a comely-but-distant Muscovite in a  Russian bar one winter's night (&quot;It was snowing outside and in her  soul&quot;).  While our protagonist gets progressively frustrated  (&quot;I'm your Pepsi-Cola but you won't take me out the can&quot;), he  still tries one big, clumsy move at the end, stealing a kiss. . . alas to  no avail (&quot;She looked at me like I was Jack-the-Ripper&quot;).  Our  distant Muscovite may have been cold-as-ice, but there is plenty of soul in  Martin Barre's beautifully reserved guitar work and Mr. Anderson's vocals  and keyboards.  <br />Dogs In The Midwinter follows, and is positioned on the  album in such a way that it becomes an easily overlooked song.  Placed  among master-works, this less-accomplished Cold War song becomes the most  forgettable on the album -- which is unfair as it is one of those many Tull  works which improves with time and familiarity. <br />Which brings us to the  place where, at least for me, all critique becomes subjective.  IMHO, the  next 17 minutes of this album is one of the finest achievements not only in  Tull music, but in all of the rock era.  Budapest is perhaps the most  accomplished work in the entire Tull repertoire.  Not merely an  asymmetrical rock ballad, it is best described as a Tone Poem sans  symphonic orchestration.  Ric Sanders' gypsy-like violin and the acoustic  guitars (Anderson and Barre) work powerfully with the eastern-European  influenced melodies to transport the listener right into the hot, sweaty  night at the very edge of the iron curtain.  The story is of a stunning and  athletic local girl helping set the band up for a concert in the brutal  atmosphere.  The lecherous men (band and roadies) were all interested in  her (physically), whereas she was interested in the bright and shining  &quot;west-lands&quot; from which they came.  Their crude and single-minded  lust, is shamed by her friendly assistance and deeper concerns.  Our guys  didn't have anything else to worry about -- Budapest, however, had bigger  issues to deal with.<br />A half-heartbeat from the fadeout of Budapest,Mountain Men opens slowly, quickly building into what would become one of  Tull's finest rockers.  It appears to be, in actuality, two songs:  an  incomplete section of one song used as the intro to the second, with a  trademark Tull time-signature change just at the 2-minute mark.   The  opening of the song is essentially an unhurried crescendo, which at its  apex must either explode into nothingness or take relief in another form.   The latter is chosen, moving into the potent and attractive melody upon  which the remainder of the song is centered.  Mountain Men is a song  saluting the people of the Scottish Highlands and islands, Ian Anderson's  home country.  No finer honor could be given than through this most  compelling of Tull rockers.<br />Another immediate transition ushers in the  mile-long intro to The Waking Edge.  The intro is the most interesting  aspect of this fine song, no matter how often it is heard one still trips  over whether it is a coda to Mountain Men or something else entirely.  It  is the latter, transitioning slowly into a country-tinged ballad touching  on a familiar Tull theme:  Distance from the loved-ones left at home.  Mr.  Anderson's vocal limitations are most apparent here.  The rocker Raising  Steam, the closing number, is one of two Tull songs about the railroad  since the famous Locomotive Breath.  It's a catchy number, powerful and fun  at the same time.  It will never be as renowned as that earlier railway  number, but it is a nice ending statement from the band:  They are indeed  back, bringing the old locomotive up to steam, getting us smiling ear to  ear.
B00000IAU3|5.0|Dido's vocals are truly incredible. Every track is filled with excellent  vocals, instruments, and beautiful lyrics. If I could only own one CD my  entire life, this would be it. Buy it! :)
B00000K19E|5.0|What can I say... besides wonderful special effects and staging the plot  to this movie is a one of a kind. Following in no films foot steps and a  story line that is truly original makes this my all time favorite movie. 50  cheers for matrix
B00000AFDW|4.0|When KISS put their war-paint back on and welcomed Ace Frehley and Peter  Criss home from years as solo artists I originally thought, 'they are going  to do a reunion tour, a fourth live album, and then a farewell tour.' But  when Psycho Circus came out I was amazed that a group that had been  together for almost thirty years could write such dynamic, powerful, and  just plain fun songs!     The opening (title) track, sung and co-written by  Paul Stanley, nicely surmises the idea of the album, bizarre and sometimes  dark, but always enjoyable 'You're in the Psycho Circus -and I say welcome  to the show!' Then Gene Simmons comes screeching to the microphone on  &quot;Within.&quot; That, and Paul Stanley's &quot;Dreamin'&quot; have a  much heavier and darker feel to them; the angry introspection so common on  the &quot;Revenge,&quot; or &quot;Carnival of Souls&quot; albums is back in  full force, blending nicely with such anthems as &quot;I Pledge Allegiance  to the State of Rock and Roll.&quot;     KISS proves here that they can  still rock with a vengeance. On what is arguably the best song on the album  &quot;Raise your Glasses,&quot; I felt myself inspired from the energetic  guitar solo nicely complimented by motivational lyrics and the rolling  thunder of Peter Criss' drum intro. &quot;You Wanted the Best,&quot; is an  interesting way of showcasing the vocal talents of all four band members,  each singing the lead on different parts of the song.     Ace Frehley only  contributed to the writing of one song on the album, &quot;Into the  Void,&quot; but it is classic space-man. He does a good job on vocals but  really shines with the guitar solo, it is both technically complex and  enjoyable to listen to.     One thing about the album that I noticed was  that all of the songs Gene Simmons wrote have a similar theme and feel to  them, even though the sound of the music varies from power chords to  acoustic guitar to orchestra. In both &quot;Within,&quot; and &quot;Journey  of 1,000 Years,&quot; he talks of a 'sleep without dreams,' and being able  to 'touch without feel.'     I would love to be able to give this album  five stars but &quot;I Finally Found My Way,&quot; holds it back. It is  either a 'Beth -20 years later,' or an attempt to duplicate that  award-winning seventies ballad. Paul Stanley and Bob Ezrin (producer of the  best selling, worst selling, and highest charting KISS albums) wrote the  song for Peter Criss to sing. I personally think that they should have let  Criss come up with his own music; it would have been more heartfelt, and  more original.     But one obvious flaw cannot mar such an excellent album.  This is KISS at their best. The production is seamless, replete with  layered guitars, backing vocals, and orchestral strings. Lyrically, the  songs are of the highest quality. And musically the performances are  without par. The masked marauders that are KISS rocked the world with their  songs in 70's and 80's, and with &quot;Psycho Circus&quot; they prove that  they still can.
B00004Y872|4.0|I have seen this movie several times and have always liked it very much.  The movie rates with me as indicated because I have just recently had the  HONOR of meeting Col. Hambleton in person. Of course when you meet the  person that inspired this movie it makes it much more interesting.<br />I have  ordered 3 of these VHS tapes for myself and two relatives that liked this  movie of which I will have Autographed by the Col.
B000002TQV|1.0|People like Limp Biskit to be cool.  People like Radiohead to be  sophisticated. The king doesn't have any clothes on. My opinion.
B000005DQR|5.0|Shadow is one of the most truly talented DJs out there, and on  &quot;Endtroducing.....&quot;, his only LP to date, his talent really comes  to the forefront.  This album has it all-- it is alternatively funny,  peppy, and brooding.  Sounds a little inconsistent, right?  Well, somehow,  he manages to give the record this extremely homogeneous feeling.  Each  song leads into the next smoothly and  seamlessly.<br />&quot;Endtroducing.....&quot; wraps all the things we love  about DJing into one nice easy package.  It has the spontaneity and  originality of sampling that keeps you on your toes and saying  &quot;Haven't I heard that somewhere?&quot;  (anybody notice the Bjork  sample?)  It has very diverse and interesting beats behind every song, and  just enough scratching to add to the project without ever becoming annoying  or repetetive.<br />All in all, I would have to call this one of my all-time  favorite hip/trip/whatever-hop releases.  Definitely a great introduction  to the genre.
B00004TFK3|5.0|I just saw the DVD edition and I loved it! It had a lot of special  fetures. I Just loved the acting and with the widescreen and Full-screen  formats you can watch which ever you want. A must buy for the family.
B000008LUN|5.0|This album is an absolutely brilliant example of how good high quality  rock should be played. UFO were masters, sheer geniuses at producing  quality heavy rock which managed to combine power with melody. The  combination of Moggs vocals and Schenker axemanship against the manic  backdrop of Way and Parker has seldom been surpassed. This album does not  have a bad track on it, from the classic dotted rhythm of Doctor Doctor to  the subtleties of Crystal Light and Space Child, the compass of this band  is incredible. And as for Rock Bottom! Well, the danger with a track like  that early in a career is that it is hard to beat later! But when this  version of UFO peaked on Strangers in the Night  / Lights Out phase, they  did just that. This is my favourite album of all time - it has everything.  And executed brilliantly.<br />If you want to produce melodic rock that still  has a finely honed cutting edge, this album should be your first port of  call
B000002UZ6|5.0|What more can I say??<br />I have known &amp; loved Tina since I was a kid in  St. Louis, Missouri; and it was the &quot;IKE &amp; TINA TURNER  REVIEW&quot;. Never have I heard a more powerful performance!!! This woman  gives it her ALL!!! &quot;THE BEST&quot;; &quot;WHAT'S LOVE GOT TO0 DO WITH  IT&quot;; &quot;WE DON'T NEED ANOTHER HERO&quot;. Every song!!!<br />I haven't  seen Tina in concert for a few years. I will be in Las Vegas on Nov. 18 at  the MGM Grand to see her on her &quot;FAREWELL&quot; 24/7 tour.<br />God bless  you Tina!!!!!! You captured my heart!!!!!
1572522232|4.0|An American girl enrolls in a German dance school and later learns that  the place is the home of a practicing coven of witches. Don't let the  sometimes stupid-sounding plot fool you, this is one of the greatest, most  chilling horror flicks ever made, and is able to live up to that title  thanks to Dario Argento's striking, truly masterful direction. The film  also benefits from an always credible performance by Jessica Harper as the  frightened, but tough heroine. And &quot;Dark Shadows&quot; alumnus Joan  Bennett is certainly a welcome presence in any horror film. Take my word  for it, you can't go wrong with this neat little flick.  &quot;Suspiria&quot; is full of so many startling and frightening images  that some of them are fairly certain to return in nightmares. Argento's  mastery of storytelling is all too evident here.
6305922756|1.0|This DVD apparently had some unspecified mastering problems that almost  delayed its release.  Maybe MGM should have delayed the release.  Not only  does the disc booklet not list the film's last three chapters, but the film  itself lacks the original on-screen captions identifying characters,  places, etc., thus making itself more bewildering.  (For some reason, a Tap  clip played during Rob Reiner's new interview has the clip's original  caption.)  Did the filmmakers intentionally remove the captions for this  rerelease? If MGM did botch Spinal Tap, will the studio replace our DVDs  with corrected copies, and with corrected booklets?
6303184499|2.0|This super-sleazy sex-mystery features Sharon Stone as a lonely book  editor who moves into a handsome, slender Manhattan apartment building(the  &quot;Sliver&quot; of the title), and later learns that it is the scene of  a series of brutal and unsolved murders. Unfortunately, this filmization of  Ira Levin's reasonably suspenseful novel focuses more on Stone's steamy  relationship with practicing voyeur William Baldwin rather than the  mystery/suspense angle. This muddled mess was obviously an ill-fated  attempt to cash in on the success of &quot;Basic Instinct&quot; and attract  that same audience, but it was all for naught because &quot;Sliver&quot;  still crashed and burned at the box-office. Admittedly, there are several  hot and heavy sex scenes, but they would be more at home in a hardcore skin  flick rather than a film like this that tries to pass itself off as a  suspenseful murder mystery. The unrated version features several minutes  worth of even more sexually explicit material. If you're going to buy it,  get the unrated version since the few sex scenes are the film's only real  virtue anyway.
630451087X|5.0|This makes a great movie if you let the story unfold a lot and just try  not to figure it out too much.  Patricia Arquette, Bill Pullman, and  Balthazar Getty were great and so was Robert Loggia and Richard Pryor!  The  guy who gets tailgated and does something about it was great too!
0451191153|4.0|Thought provoking and insightful, a look into what is still the american  society.  At times I was given over to deep sadness and meloncoly, other  moments were like the sun shining through the clouds.  A wel written  emotional rollercoaster to pick and choose your moral from.  I am happy to  say that though it is not the reality we live in there is an ideal we could  work with.  In creativity and knowledge base Ayn Rand led me on a journey  through the unthoughtof field of architecture into human greed, shame, and  ultimit joy.  Written in multifaceted and ever changing/growing  perspectives, I dub this a look into the human spirit.
B000008H1W|5.0|Minstrel in the Gallery is a wonderful collection of pre-Aqualung Tull.   Rich vocals mixed with extensive instrumentals mark what is probably my  favorite Jethro Tull album.<br />The title track opens in classic Tull-style,  with the song beginning in an acoustic followed by electric version of the  same song.  My personal favorite track is Black Magic Dancer, but there is  not a dog on the entire album.<br />This album has been difficult to locate in  the form of a CD.  Too many of Tull's works have been dumped into  compilation album CD's.  It is refreshing to be able to locate the original  version album in CD form.
0449000729|5.0|This novel is more than just a beautifully written romance, it's also a  captivating crash course in British history, and Rutherford makes the learning a joyous experience. Herein the full history of events affecting Britain (not just post-Norman Conquest history) serves as a backdrop for a  fascinating narrative that follows the trials and tribulations of five  families in a region of Wessex from the late Ice Age to 1985. The Wilsons (descended from a paleolithic hunter-gatherer), the Porters (descended from  a Celtic princess and a Roman army officer), the Shockleys (from  Anglo-Saxon stock), the Masons (whose story begins in the pre-Celtic Bronze  Age), and the Godfreys (of Norman stock) interact (and intermarry) with one  another throughout the centuries, their stories weaving a tapestry of triumph and tragedy that is stunning and unforgettable. From the uprising  of Queen Boudiccea, to Mathew Hopkins' witch hunting atrocities, to World  War Two, it's all here. The characters are all beautifully developed and  the families retain their own peculiar characteristics and mannerisms  throughout the ages...and their stories are not confined to the Salisbury  area, for Rutherford (in two brilliantly written chapters) brings the American descendents of the Shockleys into the action. I urge anyone of  British descent to read this book: in an often cold and alienating modern  world, it is easy to lose touch with one's own ethnic identity if one  happens to be of the \\"majority\\" culture...and that culture is NOT  a rootless one, for the roots go back far and modern Western culture is  about so much more than blue jeans, mega corporations, McDonalds,  fundamentalist Christianity, and MTV. Reading Sarum will help get you in  touch with the real spirit and legacy of the West and remind you that your  ancestors didn't just come out of nowhere. Don't pass this one over.
6305949638|3.0|i thought this was pretty good. inever read the book so i cant  compare.this movie is sad thopugh but thats not a bad thing. i loved the  perfomaces by the leads. alos kerian culkin and erik  per sullivan are good  as buster and fuzzy.
B00002Z88D|1.0|Please listen to therion, rage, or nightwish, or hammerfall or some  others. Without the orchestra this qould have been an excellent album, but  the orchestra is totally out of place, of course it has its good moments,  but i think there some points in the songs when they should have been in  complete silence. <br />This is not original, many metal bands have done this  before and better.<br />Someone should teach James to sing &quot;NOTHING ELSE  MATTERS&quot; his voice sound terrible on this song.<br />After all i agree,  metellica is not playin metal anymore, and these days are never coming  back, now they are just an american elite band and not what they used to  be....LONG LIVE TRUE METAL AND NOT THIS.....LONG LIVE NAPSTER, LONG LIVE  NAPSTER, LONG LIVE NAPSTER.<br />VOVIN IS A GREAT ALBUM FROM A BAND (THERION)  WHOSE WORKS WITH OCHESTRATION ARE GREAT AND NO LIKE THIS METALLICA ALBUM.  I'M SORRY CAUSE S&amp;M WAS A GOOD IDEA BUT MR. KAMEN WAS NOT THE BEST  CHOICE FOR THE JOB
0194314243|5.0|I buy every edition of OALD. And everyone is getting better and better.
B00003CWTI|5.0|I think that alot of people just didn't &quot;get&quot; this movie. <br />If  you look closely, &quot;Exodus 8:2&quot; and the numbers &quot;8&quot; and  &quot;2&quot; appear many times throughout &quot;Magnolia&quot;. If you  read Exodus 8:2 then see the movie, it will all somehow make sense.
B00000GAGT|5.0|If you're into 80's hair rock, you can't go wrong with this one. This is  one of the few albums of the era (and even Bon Jovi's only), that is  consistent all the way through. All ten songs here are keepers, including  the hits: &quot;Wanted Dead or Alive&quot;, &quot;Livin on a Prayer&quot;,  and &quot;You Give Love a Bad Name&quot;, and the strong album tracks  &quot;I'd Die for You&quot; (my fave), &quot;Never Say Goodbye&quot;, and  &quot;Without Love&quot;. If you have the extra money to throw around, you  even get a music video for &quot;wanted&quot; on here.      While CRUSH,  the new BJ album is a good one, part of its current success is a testament  to how strong this bands 80's output was. There's a reason why this album  sold over 10 millions copies people!
0684833395|5.0|Catch-22 is really an anti-capitalism, anti-American novel that satirizes  large bureaucratic institutions.  Nobody seems to agree with me, but thats  what I think.  Anyway, Catch-22 is worthwhile to read without trying to  dissect it.  I give it five stars because it is funny and unique.
0486266885|3.0|Robert Lewis Stevenson's psychological thriller was horrifyng... if you  lived in late 1800's during the industrial revolution.  To me it was a  story 52 pages long that could have been summed up in about 20.  However,  despite its shortcomings, it did present me with a few mind twisters.   These spiced it up a bit when the action was getting dull but over all  there weren't enough.  Another high point of the book were the different  perspectives it gave.  It was worthwhile to hear different opinions on what  was going on.  MARQUETTE HIGH RULES!!!
B000008H1W|5.0|Jethro Tull is a band with many talented musicians and an extremely  distinctive sound.  The title song &quot;Minstrel In the Gallery&quot;  captures this talent with the best progressive rock sound ever.  I say this  because no matter what else I ever hear, &quot;Minstrel In the  Gallery&quot; still remains my favorite song in the history of music.  The  gentle beginning with acoustic guitars and a soft, scale-climbing voice of  frontman Ian Anderson is later pounded by extreme, heavy guitar riffs from  Martin Barre in the remainder of the song.  Also, the drums of Barriemore  Barlow slam you in the chest with thunderous bass drums.  The organ is  perfectly fit in as well.  What else can I say???  This is a song where  every instrument is given credibility for the finest of sounds!!!<br />The  rest of the album, with the amazing, near-17-minute-long epic &quot;Baker  St. Muse&quot; and the power-rocking &quot;Cold Wind to Valhalla&quot;,  make this CD a must-buy.  Any Jethro Tull fan should have this CD.  As an  enormous fan, I can always listen to any one of their albums and enjoy  every second of each one.  This remains true for this album.  I could  listen to &quot;Minstrel In the Gallery&quot; every day and never get tired  of it.  With such an extremely low price, how can one resist buying this  album??
B00004WKII|5.0|30 years almost to the week of the death of legendary guitarist Jimi  Hendrix, MCA &amp; Experience Hendrix release the first 4 disc box set  &quot;The Jimi Hendrix Experience&quot;.   Almost immediately after  removing the set from it's wrappings and feeling the velvet textured purple  box cover you can tell that this set was done with an exacting attention to  detail.  All of the four disc's jewel cases are loaded with rare photo's of  Jimi and the band.  The 79 page book that is provided with the set is  filled once again with rare photo's and unique perspectives into the magic  that was Jimi performing.   The 56 songs included in the set are all either  previously unreleased studio versions or unreleased live versions all have  been lovingly remastered by long-time Hendrix studio engineer Eddie Kramer.   The sound was like these recordings had just been made, not 25 to 30 years  ago!  There is a great deal of Jimi's playful spirit in the studio shown  throughout the disc's as he jokes with band members and studio crew and all  of this is captured in the set.   If you currently have none of Jimi's  recordings in your collection, I strongly recommend that you start with  this set!  Musical highlights of the set are the Hendrix  &quot;modified&quot; version of &quot;Purple Haze&quot;, the live 1967  version of Dylan's &quot;Like a Rolling Stone&quot;, Jimi's cover of the  Beatles &quot;Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band&quot; and the amazing  unreleased version of the classic &quot;Little Wing&quot;.  My hat is off  to Jimi, MCA and Experience Hendrix, 30 years later he is still the best!
0812931017|3.0|Don't expect to raise your business IQ with this book. But you may be  inspired by Branson's aggressiveness,tenacity and perhaps even his honesty  in telling his story. He succeeds because he never loses momentum, even  when he fails, or runs out of money. His high wire lifestyle is pretty  entertaining, and it was instrumental in attracting artists like Janet  Jackson to the Virgin Label. So why three stars? Because Branson's constant  need to show off and perform make him seem more desperate than admirable.  And after reading his business strategies, I thought a better subtitle  would be, &quot;better lucky than smart&quot;.
B00004WKII|5.0|30 years almost to the week of the death of legendary guitarist Jimi  Hendrix, MCA &amp; Experience Hendrix release the first 4 disc box set  &quot;The Jimi Hendrix Experience&quot;.   Almost immediately after  removing the set from it's wrappings and feeling the velvet textured purple  box cover you can tell that this set was done with an exacting attention to  detail.  All of the four disc's jewel cases are loaded with rare photo's of  Jimi and the band.  The 79 page book that is provided with the set is  filled once again with rare photo's and unique perspectives into the magic  that was Jimi performing.   The 56 songs included in the set are all either  previously unreleased studio versions or unreleased live versions all have  been lovingly remastered by long-time Hendrix studio engineer Eddie Kramer.   The sound was like these recordings had just been made, not 25 to 30 years  ago!  There is a great deal of Jimi's playful spirit in the studio shown  throughout the disc's as he jokes with band members and studio crew and all  of this is captured in the set.   If you currently have none of Jimi's  recordings in your collection, I strongly recommend that you start with  this set!  Musical highlights of the set are the Hendrix  &quot;modified&quot; version of &quot;Purple Haze&quot;, the live 1967  version of Dylan's &quot;Like a Rolling Stone&quot;, Jimi's cover of the  Beatles &quot;Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band&quot; and the amazing  unreleased version of the classic &quot;Little Wing&quot;.  My hat is off  to Jimi, MCA and Experience Hendrix 30 years later he is still the best!
0380804557|5.0|a wonderfully written book with breathtaking illustrations by Chrales  Vess. I throughly enjoyed this tale which is a fantasy, romance, and  folklore rolled into one. I hope Neil Gaiman writes another story in this  line. I love a good fairy tale.
B00004X0Q0|2.0|I didn't care for this at all.  Noisy and scattered.  Didn't do anything for me.
0064471047|5.0|I think this book is a classic children's novel. Full of fun and fantasty,  the book is an exciting romp through the mystical land of Narnia. With a  devious power-stricken witch and an awe-inspiring lion, the story shows the  classic battle between good and evil. However, the book's characters are  symbols for those in biblical stories. For example, Aslan, the lion, is  Jesus, and the Witch is Satan.        The story is perfect for children  because through the course of the novel, the character Edmund discovers  that being on the side of good is better than turning to evil. He learns,  through selfish reasons, that being on the side of good is more benifical.  This young children to turn to God without seeming &quot;preachy&quot;.          Overall, this second book in the Chronicles of Narnia is perfect for  teaching young children morals.
B000002J1O|5.0|Along with FOXTROT and THE LAMB LIES DOWN, this album represents part of  the triptych of classic Gabriel-Genesis albums.  To me it represents not  only the best thing Genesis ever did, but possibly one of the two or three  finest products of the progressive rock era, along with Yes' CLOSE TO THE  EDGE. In any case it is a singular work of art, which only grows in meaning  and beauty with each successive listening.<br />I only discovered this album  within the last year, despite having been a longtime Gabriel fan and having  listened to other Genesis (notably LAMB LIES DOWN and DUKE) for nearly  twenty years.  It's always great to discover something like this...it  proves that there's always classic music &quot;out there&quot; that one  hasn't yet come across.  This album has immediately become one of my  all-time favorites.<br />Like all great Gabriel works, SELLING ENGLAND takes a  few listenings to, as one reviewer put it, &quot;get its hooks into  you&quot;. Probably the third time through, something will strike you...a  lyric, guitar or keyboard passage, etc., and you'll be addicted.  For me it  was the line, &quot;You Are A Robbing...Hood!&quot; from &quot;The Battle  of Epping Forest&quot;.  Genesis of this era was appealing on so many  different levels; just one of them can entice you into the unique sonic  universe of the band, but you'll stay for the rest.<br />Don't expect the  lightweight pop of the 80's Phil Collins era...this is sophisticated,  complex music.  But if you're inclined to look for depth and quality, this  album will reward you in spades.  Don't hesitate to buy it.
B000002UA2|4.0|While it offers only a bit of the intrigue heard on Meddle, Obscured By  Clouds offers pure, psychedelic jams straight from the lava lap. Surely  practicing surrealism as they did on this LP gave them an implement by  which to showcase, script and score the most unique and artistic looks at  society and life in their next few years. The very memorable tracks include  the ambient forerunners Obscured By Clouds and Mudmen, the drifting yet  melodic Burning Bridges, the cold and grim Childhood's End and the finale,  Absolutely Curtains which displays the Floydian weirdness of eerie, trippy  notes and mysterious sound effects, heard on Careful With That Axe Eugene  and Embryo. While it hass little as revolutionary as Floyd's next album  (even though I consider this a good example on the subject of Pink Floyd's  role in formulating ambient music), Obscured By Clouds is ten good songs  written in an enjoyable style which the band has obviously become well  disciplined in.
0393307050|5.0|One reviewer here, unhappy with this book, instructs us firmly to  not  believe the &quot;hype&quot; about the Aubrey/Maturin series. But really  you should give these novels a chance. I spent the better part of a year  making my way through all of them - I think about 18 books in all, a couple  of hours each evening - and I look upon that adventure as one of the best  reading experiences of my life, akin to the sort of enraptured, transported  feeling I would have reading something great like &quot;Rascal&quot; on a  summer's day when I was 11 or 12. Certainly the Aubrey/Maturin books are  not for everyone. Some people love them and get addicted; others dislike  them; there doesn't seem to be any middle ground, and there doesn't seem to  be any good answer as to why this is so. My recommendation to my friends is  that they buy &quot;Master and Commander,&quot; the first book in the  series, and give it a couple of hours of their time. About half of them  have gotten the bug, and about half couldn't get through the first 30  pages.
B00004WKII|5.0|Jimi Hendrix would be on a Cloud after this Wonderful Compilation.very  Detailed Outtakes&amp;Live Recordings.I Can't think of Too Many Artists  that Have Gone Too Soon&amp;their Music still has so much of a Freshness To  it? you feel so many things going on in this Genius Structure of  Sound.Finally A Set that fully captures the Pure&amp;Rawness of Jimi  Hendrix.this is a Must for anyone who Digs a Real Legacy&amp;Body Of Work.
0312853238|5.0|Well, let me just say that i am 16 years old and in grade 11 Last year in  my english class, we were givin Ender's Game to read for class, and I  looked at it and though &quot;What the hell is this?? Sci-Fi?? I only read  love stories, that's it!&quot;. But then i began to read it... and i  couldn't put it down.  This book was an amazing novel, i have read every  other book in the series [Speaker For The Dead, Xenocide, &amp; Children of  the Mind] and the comparative novel [Ender's Shadow] and i am greatly  looking forward to the new comparative novel being realeased on January 2,  2001, The Hegemon.  I am as well looking forward to the movie which has not  yet been picked up by directors yet I am sincerly hoping it does soon.
B000006XXV|3.0|if u get the single for the 13th, it has this extra track plus another  one, called ocean. it just seems dumb to pay 33.99 for 1 cd. even one from  the cure, i would, but i'm using common sense. Go buy the single! get away  from here!
0767817729|4.0|I've never been able to understand the beef critics had with this movie.  Yes, it's violent.  Seeing Madeleine Stowe's character turned into a  heroin-addicted prostitute is hard to watch.  But does this make it a bad  movie?  Or is it bad because Costner's character seeks revenge, and offs  some bad guys?  I suspect that Stowe's character's fate has most to do with  why this movie was so broadly panned.  Much of this movie is brutal.  Is  this worse, though, than showing violence that doesn't seem to hurt?   Gunfights in which the heroes get shot and just shake it off?  I don't  think so.  The violence in this movie is brutal because the story demands  it.<br />There isn't more to say, probably, than has already been said, but I  found the narrative well-paced, the characters believeable, and the story  compelling.  The final confrontation was wholly plausible, and the right  denouement for the film: both redemptive and logical given what we know  about the characters.<br />This is a sadly underrated movie, one well-worth  seeing.
B000003S5H|5.0|Difficult to classify this CD - it will obviously draw techno and  electronica fans, but Air's diverse stylings will also appeal to lovers of  jazz, and new age. Beth Hirsch is incredibly beautiful in 'All I Need' and  'You Make It Easy'. Expect to see more of her.     For fans of hardcore  techno dance rhythm, Air's outting may be a bit slow, but there are plenty  of familiar elements. Lots of samples, vocoded sequences, modified acoustic  instruments (at least thats what they sound like). Perhaps this is a good  CD to end the trip with.    It would make a really good anime soundtrack  ... <br />Anyway buy the CD, you won't regret it.
6301773551|5.0|Oh man the Special Edition is downright horrible. So what if the effects  were not perfect, no need to cheese them up with tacky and very fake  looking CGI sprites. The flawed 1970s special effects didn't keep this film  from becoming a worldwide obsession ! The computer updating has helped  these things: crisp clean picture, sonic sound, cheesy blue screen lines  are gone, cheesy boxes around space ships are gone, and the light saber  glows that magicly went away in some scenes are now always bright. Thats  all they should have done to this film. But nooo, they totally ruined it  with stupid CGI characters that just do not fit in this movie. Its just  like someone got a orange crayon and scribbled walking stick figures on  every frame of the film. It looks that bad. The Han Solo and Jabba The Hutt  scene should have stayed on the cutting room floor, the scene is so badly  animated and out of sync with the film, well, look at it, it speaks for  itself. The new thankfully un CGI ed Biggs scene where Luke meets his old  friend in the ship room is ok but makes little sense since they left out  another scene with them on Tatoonie at the beginning of the movie. The  rings around the exploding planets are overdone and don't look right. They  added tons of stupid little &quot;cute&quot; touches to some scenes and  George Lucas RUINED one of the most classic scenes in the film. Its one of  those scenes that makes the movie. One that if altered or cut slightly  changes the entire tone and movie itself. The Han Solo and Greedo scene in  the bar. Why George did this is beyond me. It makes Han Solo look like Roy  Rogers or somebody. He's no longer a bad mo fo.<br />I hope when all the old  films are released on DVD (somewhere around the year 2006 when all the  films are done, hope DVD is still around) the original untouched films are  released on it.
0440214041|2.0|I read this book on vacation and found it disappointing.  Much of the  suspense involved stuff that the main character, Darby Shaw, actually knew  but that Grisham just wasn't telling the reader even as he was revealing a  lot about what she thought and felt.  You spend most of the book, as she  tries to figure out who's trying to kill her because of what she knows,  realizing that you'd have the key to the whole thing if you just could find  out what Darby already knows about her own situation.  Then after he's run  you around enough (couple hundred pages) Grisham just opens up and tells  you what's going on.  <br />Basically the book just teases and manipulates the  reader. It's also a pretty long and goes on quite a bit after the cat is  out of the bag- resolving the situation of characters who I just couldn't  care that much about. I got the feeling that the book was mostly just a  framework to publicize certain environmental issues that the author was  interested in.<br />I've also read Grisham's THE FIRM and while I didn't care  for everything that happened in that book, it was a had much better  suspense, pacing and characters- really hard to put down even if the main  character wasn't always likeable.  Grisham definitely can do much better  than this.
0451169514|4.0|This is a book that makes you want to be a kid again!  I can remember  playing beside a marsh in the woods when I was young and this book brought  back all those fun and adventurous memories. But, of course, there wasn't a  monster trying to kill me and my friends!  This book is extremely long and  a very involved read.  I don't want to say too much about the story, but I  will say this: prepare to cry at the end!  Only Stephen King can write a  heart felt horror novel!  King is a brilliant story teller and an American  legend!
B00004WKII|5.0|i am greatful to have had the opportunity to listen to this beautiful  music that sems to flow so easily into the hearts of its listeners.
B0000004F9|5.0|These albums were originally issued in the late '60's and were not  extremely well known even then. But as a serious music freak of the time, I  always rated these along with my top five albums of the time. So you know  where I'm coming from, the others were Electric Ladyland (Hendrix), After  Bathing at Baxter's (Jefferson Airplane), Live Dead and Anthem of the Sun  (Grateful Dead). I consider Pet Sounds, Sgt. Pepper and Satanic Majesties  to be precursors of the others and therefore in a different category. I  guess they called the category &quot;acid rock.&quot; These albums are more  loosely associated than the others with that category, but I always thought  the comparison a valid one.<br />Most aficionados know that The Jimi Hendrix  Experience was the lead-up band on the Monkees' first U.S. tour, but who  was the lead-up band on Hendrix' first tour? Yup, you guessed it, Soft  Machine. &quot;Thank you Noel and Mitch, and thank you, Jim, for our  exposure to the crowd&quot;...lyrics you can hear on this cd.  Unfortunately, their exposure to the crowd did not earn them the adulation  Hendrix received, and too bad, because they were probably as original and  virtuosic, in their own way, as Hendrix was in his.<br />This music is a  mixture of rock, jazz and electronics, but it's not like anything called  &quot;jazz fusion.&quot; I guess it's a little like very early Pink Floyd,  but much more interesting, and you probably don't need to be tripping to  appreciate it. There is much high energy playing on this record, there is  much electronic experimentation, some lovely melodies. But somehow the sum  equals much more than the parts in this music. These albums work as  coherent pieces of music, rather than a collection of songs, although I  wouldn't call them a &quot;concept album&quot; either, like Pet Sounds, et  al. It is very interesting, very original, intellectually challenging and  lots of fun. Kind of like Phish is supposed to be, but I like this  better.<br/>If you like the acid rock genre try this. There are no blues  songs, and it's a little cerebral, but you'll like it. It still sounds  fresh. &quot;Third&quot; is also superb-a double album that is probably  even better than these (I know, I'm cheating on my top five list). After  that, they got less interesting. But then, so did Hendrix.
0790737345|2.0|The main character isn't supposed to die! Okay, this movie would have  sucked even more if she didn't but it was a really sad ending. The added  features on DVD were why I bought this and they weren't that great. If you  are looking for one of Nicolas Cage's great action flicks like The Rock  this is the WRONG movie for you. However he is a great actor and was in  this movie too. He really sells the role. If I had it to do over again I'm  sure I could have found another DVD more worth my money.
B000001ESN|5.0|Permanent Waves is the perfect album for a person who is discovering Rush  for the first time. The songs are not long although the incredible lyrical  skill of Peart is shown here greatly (Freewill, Natural Science). This is  not a concept album as many preccding albums by Rush were- it was and is  much more &quot;radio friendly&quot;. This album will prepare you for the  much deeper songwriting and instrumental skill of previous Rush albums  (2112, Hemisperes) and the more &quot;trendy&quot; and  &quot;electronic&quot; post Permanent Waves albums (Signals, Power Windows)  Don't get me wrong- any Rush album is worth 10 stars!!! But if you're just  starting to get into Rush--Permanent Waves is the best way to start.
B00004U8H4|3.0|Reading the book and seeing the movie were two completely different  experiences.  I read the book in 1993 and was repulsed, horrified, and  intrigued at the same time.  The book did what media strive to do - evoke  genuine emotion in the reader/viewer/listener.<br />The movie does a better  job of capturing what Ellis was probably trying to do - satirizing the  greed and materialism of Wall Street in the 80's (wait - did it go away?).   The film seemed very intimate - you were along for the hell ride that is  Bateman's life.  You could almost sympathize with his disdain for and  detachment from the life that was going on around him.  I got very nervous  every time the film reached a point that I remembered as being particularly  disturbing or grisly in the book.  Thankfully, the director had the sense  to imply the violence rather than throw it in our faces (ala Oliver Stone).   <br />In all, the movie worked for me as more of a study in how to portray a  serial killer theme differently.  Christian Bale's performance was  excellent.  Although I was initially distracted by the robo-yuppie  inflection in his voice, I eventually realized that it was part of the  &quot;act&quot; that Bateman put on for the crowd.<br />Enjoy.
6305878323|5.0|This is my favorite movie of all time. I was very glad to get this on DVD!  My VHS is just about to rip apart. Great graphics and sound! AWESOME  behind-the-scenes stuff!! I haven't found one bad thing about this DVD, OR  the movie. I bought this DVD a few weeks after it was released (I didn't  know this edition just came out at the end of June!!!) while on vacation in  Canada, and I've watched it SO many times already, and no problems with  it.<br />I LOVE THIS MOVIE!!!
6305892806|5.0|I am a great fan of Jane Austen's and I have enjoyed reading many of her  works, although I had never heard of this one before seeing this film.   Those who profess to be experts about such things say that this early work  was not one of her best.  However, I found the film to be delightful and  very much in keeping with Austen's penchant for conjuring up romantic  intrigue in 19th century English society.<br />This is the story of Fanny  Price (Frances O'Connor), who is taken out of poverty by her aunt and  benefactress to live in high society.  Though she is given every benefit  afforded her cousins, she is constantly reminded of her second-class status  in the household.  As the story revs up, we are treated to a typical Austen  maelstrom of misplaced romantic affections.  Mariah Bertram (Victoria  Hamilton) is engaged to Mr. Rushworth (Hugh Bonneville), but she is  infatuated with Henry Crawford (Allesandro Nivola) as is her sister Julia.   Though Henry enjoys flirting with Mariah, his true affections lie with  Fanny.  Fanny shuns his attentions because she loves her cousin Edmund  (Jonny Lee Miller) who is smitten by Henry's sister Mary (Embeth Davitz).   This is a classically delicious Austenian romantic conundrum.  The  remainder of the story goes about reconciling all the unrequited love with  more than a few interesting twists.<br />Patricia Rozema adapted and directed  this film, which was very nicely done.  The choice of locations was  excellent and she used the countryside effectively, giving us numerous  lovely outdoor scenes.  The period rendering was very good as well,  presenting very realistic 19th century sets and costumes.  There has been a  lot of controversy about Rozema's insertion of the slave issue, which was  notably absent from Austen's novel.  To a point, I have to defend Rozema,  but ultimately I felt she went too far.  <br />A director has a responsibility  to make the film believable by providing details not in the script.  For  instance, Austen doesn't specifically describe the actual dress and  furniture of the time, so the director must find suitable props and  costumes of the period to give the film a genuine look and feel.  Slavery  was a dominant issue of the time and so the insertion of the topic was a  realistic detail, as long as it remained in the background.  However, the  introduction of the sketch pad (those who have seen the film will  understand) took slavery out of the background and made it a plot element.   This was tantamount to rewriting Austen's story, and I felt it was a  preachy and presumptuous abuse of artistic license.<br />Frances O'Connor was  outstanding as Fanny.  She was enchanting and effervescent and passed  credibly for a teenager despite being almost 30 years old.  Fanny was a  multifaceted character.  She was a combination of youthful ebullience,  fierce independence and stubborn determination.  O'Connor handled all these  aspects of her character like a pro.  Embeth Davitz was also excellent as  Henry's conniving sister.<br />This delightful and well-crafted film is very  entertaining and enjoyable.  I rated it 9/10.  With the possible exception  of the slavery issue, lovers of Jane Austen will not be disappointed.
B00004X0Q0|5.0|ATDI returns with their Grand Royal debut - and they've never sounded  better.  Ross Robinson's production is flawless as he controls the chaos  and focuses the intensity of El Paso's finest band.  The single,  &quot;One-Armed Scissor&quot;, was my immediate favorite, but I'm currently  in love with &quot;Invalid Litter Dept.&quot; and its haunting imagery.  I  think these guys are going to be superstars...
B000002LGQ|5.0|THIS ALBUM IS MY 3RD FAVORITE MADONNA ALBUM IT'S GOT SOME OF HER GREATEST  WORKS ON IT.LIKE EXPRESS YOURSELF,THE TITLE TRACK LIKE A PRAYER,AND OH  FATHER ARE JUST SOME OF MY FAVES THIS CD IS EASILY ONE OF HER BEST WORKS.
6304383177|5.0|Yeah everything is a classic today-cars and fashions and movies and on and  on.  Well sorry this is a real classic, a beautifully crafted, funny,  hysterical, one-of-a-kind movie with two of Hollywood's greats at their  best.  The story is unique, the writing is sharp, witty, bright, and  intelligent.  Grant is at his befuddled best and Hepburn at her hysterical  height!  You'll watch this movie over and over.  Every doctor should  recommend this film-I know Norman Cousins would!
B00003XB8K|5.0|While I feel their first album was the best, this album comes as an equal.  I disagree that some of the sampled sounds off hte previous albums takes  away from this one, I think it creates a link, bridging the gap between  them and completing a circle. If you liked Enigma's previous album, this  one will not disappoint.
B00000JPYQ|5.0|Many years ago I had this on tape.  I played it so much that it wore out!   The CD is of wonderful quality and I love the guitar licks.  Highly  recommended for any fans of late 70's guitar rock.
B000002MUW|5.0|THIS ALBUM IS SO COOL I LOVE IT.IT IS SO FUN TO LISTEN TO AND DANCE TO SHE  IS REALLY THE BEST ARTIST OF TODAY AND I'M SURE SHE'S GOING TO BE HERE FOR  A LONG,LONG TIME.DEFINATLY GREATEST WORK YET.................
0783229526|5.0|I believe this is the best movie of the 90's without question. Every  aspect is done to near perfection. Everything you can learn in a film class  is present in the film. Gilliam follows the text as closely as can be done.  The performances by Depp, Del Toro, Maguire and even the Doktor himself  show the versatility of the actors, especially Del Toro. I have viewed this  film probably over 50 times and each time I find something new and  hilarious to see. Its also a great film because of the social content and  message. Its a craZy trip. Read the book. And watch it more than once.
B00004RF9B|4.0|This is definitely one of the science fiction classics. It employs just  about all of the features that would later appear on celebrated shows like  &quot;Star Trek&quot; and &quot;Lost in Space&quot;. It's influence on the  popular &quot;Star Wars&quot; is only evident. This is a good reminder of  what science fiction used to be like: down to earth and captivating. The  story is what really shines forth in this, along with the &quot;50s  style&quot; acting.<br />The DVD is good. The picture is clear (for 1956), but  the lack of extras really detracts from what could have been an excellent  package. The menu is simple and easy to use, although certainly not glitzy.  The only special bonuses that are included are a theatrical trailer, two  sided disk with one being wide screen and the other being regular, and  that's about it. It's pretty disappointing when you consider how many  documentaries and TV spots were doubtless made about this film. If you have  a DVD player, I would suggest purchasing it. However, don't buy a DVD  player just for this DVD, it's not worth it by a long shot.<br />All in all,  it's worth it to science fiction fans.
0064471047|5.0|C.S. Lewis crafts a world full of astounding creatures, where things you  never thought could happen, do happen.  The Lion, the Witch and the  Wardrobe is a great book with a meaningful plot.  The concept of the  wardrobe adds to the magical world of Narnia.  Many times I found myself  not able to put the book down.  The interesting chapter titles make you  want to read on until you finish.  The great descriptions of Narnia and the  many different characters make them come to life, especially the characters  of Aslan and the White Witch.  The symbolism of these two characters makes  you think deeper into the book.  I would recommend this book not only to  children, but to people of all ages.
B000002L9S|5.0|I LOVE THIS CD IT HAS ALL THE HITS IF YOUR A TRUE MADONNA FAN THIS IS A  MUST HAVE...................
6305971293|5.0|I wanna be quick in my review, because after all it's just a personal  opinion.  Halloween 5 presents the kind of atmosphere and characters I  would like to see in a future sequel.  H20 was superb, but something about  the story of Jamie Lloyd and her uncle really hit a nerve with me.  4 and 5  are like 1 and 2.  Made to be together, classic ti'll the end.  4 and 5  give that small town feeling, the evil presence, the fun loving teenagers  who party on halloween while Michael prepares his domination.  I can't put  a finger on it, but 4 and 5 are very special.  like 4, part 5 is scary,  suspensful, moving, and dark.  It takes its time (unlike the rushed H20)and  sets a mood.  A foundation with the residents of Haddonfield.  True, Ellie  Cornell (Racheal) could have lived longer, but you win and loose.  But with  Halloween 5 I guarantee you will WIN!
B0000025DD|4.0|I would like to recommend this disc to anyone who really enjoys David  Gilmour's smooth voice.  You will get plenty of it here although two of the  tracks are instrumentals.  He lacks the grit that Roger brought to the  table but it is an enjoyable disc anyway.  I believe that Mihalis, There's  No Way Out Of Here and Short and Sweet are the best tracks but they are all  pretty decent.  No surprises here and no explosive vocals either.  Just  sweet music and smooth guitar work from Dave.  I would rank it really high  as far as Floyd solo works go and put it maybe third right behind Roger's  Amused To Death and Radio Kaos.  David's second solo disc doesn't really  compare with this one in the least.  It was titled About Face and sounds  all too much like Momentary Lapse Of Reason.  Very 80's sounding pop music  with nothing special about it in the least other than his excellent voice.   Enjoy the disc if you are purchasing it at this time and God Bless YOU.
B000002UJQ|5.0|What does it say about a record when almost 500 people review it and it  still maintains a 5-star average?  For my part, I admire OK COMPUTER'S good  songwriting, fine musicianship, beautiful, loving production, and its  anti-consumerist rhetoric.  I've heard comparisons with Pink Floyd, but  Radiohead is really much better than they ever were.  (I'm sure that  statement would rankle some folks!)  I always tell anyone who will listen  (and even those who won't) that rock is in a pretty bad state these days.   But Radiohead, among a VERY few other musicians, gives me some hope.   I've  heard only a handful of records on which every cut is at least pretty good  (BORN TO RUN, SGT. PEPPER'S, MURMUR, and THIS YEAR'S MODEL each have a song  or two I don't like).  OK COMPUTER is one such record.  (&quot;Better  Fitter&quot; is more like a piece of corporate criticism than a  &quot;song.&quot;)  The whole thing peaks, for me, with &quot;Lucky,&quot;  which starts out simply and then soars to an--I can't think of a better  word--exciting crescendo.  And, as I've said, the whole is thing is  produced so well w/o ever seeming OVER-produced.  I look forward to A KID.
B000002MFN|5.0|THIS CD IS VERY GOOD DISPITE WHAT ANYONE SAYS IT HAS EVERYTHING FROM  TEAR-JERKING SONGS TO FUN SONGS YOU CAN DANCE TO.YOU WON'T REGRET BUYING  THIS ALBUM IT IS DEFINATLY A MUST-HAVE.
0783225970|5.0|Scarface is my favourite movie of all time.I love it.I can watch it over  and over again and never get tired  of it.There's not one dull moment in  the whole movie.Every scene is a classic.Al Pacino gives the greatest  performance of his career as Tony Montana,a 'Marielito' Cuban refugee in  Miami who is unstoppable in his quest  for the American Dream.Tony is just  so impossibly cool. This movie has everything.Miami,babes,fast  cars,babes,bullets, mansions,tigers,chainsaws,Michelle Pfeiffer,and then  some. Scarface is the best movie ever made,and if you don't think so, why  don't you try stickin' you head up your a**.See if it fits!
