B00001QEE9|5.0|A timeless classic which can be apreciated over and over again by people of all ages. &quot;Pinocchio&quot;, Disney's second full-length animated feature, is one of the best ever. &quot;Pinocchio&quot; is the tale of a wooden puppet who comes to life only to be tempted by good and evil. The moral dilemnas which tempt young Pinocchio seem relevant even by today's standards. The characters --  Jiminy Cricket, Geppetto, the evil Honest John and of course, Pinocchio -- are amongst Disney's most memorable. The title song &quot;When You Wish Upon a Star&quot; is one of the all-time classics. Although &quot;Pinocchio&quot; is geared toward a younger audience, some children may be frightened by Monstro the Whale and/or the the terrifying Pleasure Island Sequence. The only downside to &quot;Pinocchio&quot; is the DVD presentation itself. While the film transfer is great -- crisp, clear, vibrant colors -- my main gripe is the lack of extras. Apparently, Disney will be loading up the extras for its upcoming &quot;Snow White&quot; release. I just wish they'd do the same for not only &quot;Pinocchio&quot;, but all of their animated classics. For the high price that Disney asks, you'd think we'd get a little more. However, this is just a minor gripe and overall, I'm pleased to own this animated classic. Highly recommended to anyone and everyone!
6305622930|5.0|A wonderfully written movie, terrific acting, and a visual dream.  Movies like this are textbook examples of why you need to see them in their Original Aspect Ratio.  Sorry Ed August, pan &amp; scan fullframe chops too much off the sides for me.
0767817710|5.0|This new DVD release of &quot;The Quick and the Dead&quot; is a good one. It features a really fine Dolby Digital 5.1 surround sound track, and the picture is very sharp with great colors.  It is a 2-sided DVD, so you can choose either the wide-screen or the full-screen version. I think this is one of the finest western action comedies, done in impeccable style.
B00004X01U|3.0|Madonna's latest effort is probably one of the hardest CD's to review.  If you took a look at Rolling Stone and Entertainment Weekly,you would see that this album was ranked as one of the best albums of 2000- if not Madonna's career.  And it was one of the best albums of 2000 but that's not saying much since the majority of the records released last year were abysmal. &quot;Music&quot; tries to match the punk/disco beat of Madonna's first record but doesn't come close. What's the problem? Well, let's start with the good. The title track is good- especially the vocoder effects- but didn't Cher already do that? &quot;Runaway Lover&quot; is pure pop fantastic so is &quot;Impressive Instant&quot; ( another vocoder?). The best song on the album is &quot;Amazing,&quot; which sounds like &quot;Beautiful Stranger with more depth. &quot;Amazing&quot; is how pop should be: underground, smooth, and unforgettable: something you can tell your children about when you get older.  But uh-oh! Here comes the bad. Madge, darling, are those country western ditties like &quot;Don't Tell Me&quot; and &quot;I Deserve It&quot; pastiches of Loretta Lynn or Tanya Tucker songs? And that &quot;Paradise, Not for Me&quot;, is that an attempt at really bad poetry or just another song full of francophile obsession?The best thing about Madonna is her artifice. This album, while good but not great, is full of bubble gum pop tunes full of hot air. With &quot;Erotica,&quot;Madonna showed herself to be a poet, an artist apt to explore the dark side of human nature. With &quot;Bedtime Stories,&quot; Madonna showed herself to be a pop purist, creating simple, beautiful pop songs that float in the air. With &quot;Music,&quot; Madonna forgets her past accomplishments and tries to submerge herself in the teenybopper morass of Britney Spears and the other members of the TRL coterie. But, dear Madge, it is to no avail.
B00005B36H|5.0|If Tool is a slowly-evolving organism, then Lateralus is a firm step towards gorgeousness.  There is not a bad song here.  And by that, I don't mean the same thing that people reviewing Staind mean- I don't mean, &quot;There's not a song here that hasn't gotten stuck in my head cause I've been angry or hurt in a relatable fashion.&quot;  So sadly mundane.  What I mean, instead, is that if you open yourself to Lateralus' progressions, you will find that every song is a journey of its own that reveals something new about the world.  Every song can change how you live your life!  My personal favorite song of the album would have to be &quot;Reflection&quot;, whose lyrics make me shiver on every listening.  But there are no bad tracks here.  I even have trouble saying that I like any track less than the rest.   Tool have progressed from a fundamental standpoint as well.  Adam, Justin, and Danny are all superior musicians that have pushed themselves further than on Aenima (which in the case of Danny is mind-blowing), and Maynard's lyrics, while simplified from Aenima's insanely complex hidden meanings and riddles, now flow with the music flawlessly.  I recommend Lateralus to anyone who can still appreciate composition and form, not to mention coherence.
0440224764|4.0|Helps you to understand the importance to plan before moove. Good ideas about the potential of electronic surveillance.<br />A book to read if you like business and law issues.
B00004YYDI|5.0|This movie was so beatifully made, it is truly a work of art.  The choreography, the performance of the actors, it created one of the least-known best action movie out there.  It is very different from other movies of the same genre, but that makes it truly beatiful and brings it it's greatness.<br />I first watched this movie on a movie channel in Japan, so it showed the international version of the movie, simply known as Leon (U.S. version was known as 'The Professional'), and I was absolutely in love with this movie.  I went out and rented the movie from the shoppette on base, but it was the U.S. version that I rented out, and I was disappointed in seeing that so many key scenes were deleted.  In fact, when I was watching it, I was suprised that the final scene was reached already, and that the final scene was much shorter than I remembered.  I found out that they cut 23+ minutes from the international version that I saw, and that changed the whole beauty of the movie.  It lost alot of flavor in that 23+ minutes.  I am so glad that they finally released the international version on DVD in the U.S., it brings back the greatness in what Luc Besson intended.<br />I truly rank this movie as the best movie I have ever seen.  In my top three, this would definitely be number 1, and to round out 2 and 3 would be Pulp Fiction and maybe Armageddon or The Rock.  If you enjoy the action movies I mentioned, you'll definitely love Leon: The Professional.
B00000HZFP|5.0|There is just no doubt as to the genius of the lyrics and music of the songs.  Absolutely brilliant.
B00005MK9Y|5.0|A fantastic live album that picks from a variety of prime Marley/Wailers tours, and runs down a good amount of recognizable classics as well as appropriate lesser-known stuff.  I usually don't care for live compilations (I prefer full shows), but this one is done so well you'd hardly know it's not a complete flowing performance.
B00005LB50|2.0|This has to qualify for disappointment of the year. A seemingly endless batch of hit-and-miss demos and outtakes are mixed in with the released masterpieces, making for a tedious listen. In the end, this box diminishes the band's legacy instead of immortalizing it. The final insult: three songs from Last Time Around are arbitrarily deleted while the tracks from albums one and two appear twice -- and you STILL need to go elsewhere for a stereo mix of the debut outing. It's hard to miss Neil Young's ongoing contempt for his audience. The label could have squeezed all three original albums and at least 40 minutes of the worthy outtakes onto a double disc. A waste.
B00003CXZ4|5.0|&quot;Now where was I?&quot;............Memento is without a doubt one of the greatest movies of all time and maybe the best movie of the new millenium.  It's originality, and phenominal script out do any other movie I have ever viewed. Its backward chronological order is ingenious leaving the audience clueless and full of suspense as to how the protagonist Leonard Shelby wound up where he is in the present scene.  Guy Pearce and John Pantaliono give amazing performances and Christopher Nolan's abilitys as a director and screen writer portrayed in this movie are simply unfathomable.  This story of &quot;memory man&quot; Leonard Shelby's quest to find the man who raped and murdered his wife, is a twisted rollercoaster ride, leaving the audience thinking for days about what EXACTLY happened, and how.  I suggest this movie to EVERYONE!! who appreciates GREAT film and a good suspense story. God, why does Sept. 4th have to be so far off.  Maybe I should tattoo the date on my arm.  What do you think Lenny?..............oh thats right, Leonard, i must have forgot.
6305265488|5.0|Ever After is truly one of the greatest movies of all time. I love the way Drew Barrymore's character thinks for herself and speaks her mind. This Cinderella story shows that the girl is quite often the hero, not the guy. This is a movie for all ages that includes romance, comedy, and a little bit of drama. You'll be laughing one moment, and in tears the next.
B00003OSSL|1.0|Every once in a while I watch a movie that is SO bad I feel a need to warn others about it.  Harrison Ford looks drugged and slurs this way through another dull script.<br />On the plus side, the film seemed to be in focus most of the time.
0060934913|4.0|Anthony Bourdain's account of his life in a restraunt kitchen is not for the faint of heart. Squeamish diners may want to avoid this book and continue to dine in ignorant bliss. For the rest of us this hilarious book provides a candid look behind the kitchen door, warts, ...er...rats, and all.<br />Sex, drugs, and profanity abound in Bourdain's world, but before taking offense the reader should remember the author's only promise was to tell the truth about about his experiences in the restaurant business. Anyone seeking a glorified account of life as a chef will be disappointed. This is not your Food Channel version; this is the real thing. I doubt that anyone who reads this book will be able to experience restaurant dining in quite the same way again.<br />As for me, I'll pass on the swordfish.
6304117302|5.0|Excitement, adventure, sexy guys, and romance-This movie had them all. It also had great battle scenes. The only thing as good as the movie is its' music. Definately a must see!
0060934913|4.0|Anthony Boudrain's account of his life in a restraunt kitchen is not for the faint of heart. Squeamish diners may want to avoid this book and continue to dine in ignorant bliss. For the rest of us this hilarious book provides a candid look behind the kitchen door, warts, ...er...rats, and all.<br />Sex, drugs, and profanity abound in Boudrain's world, but before taking offense the reader should remember the author's only promise was to tell the truth about about his experiences in the restaurant business. Anyone seeking a glorified account of life as a chef will be disappointed. This is not your Food Channel version; this is the real thing. I doubt that anyone who reads this book will be able to experience restaurant dining in quite the same way again..
B00003CXSP|4.0|In a marketing no-brainer, MGM  Home Entertainment has dove-tailed a new version of &quot;The Silence of the Lambs&quot; with the video debut of that suspense classic's controversial sequel, &quot;Hannibal.&quot; The film, directed by Ridley Scott, transports upscale villain Hannibal Lecter from the hills of the Eastern U.S. to the mopeds and Michelangelos of Florence, Italy. While &quot;Lambs&quot; was awash in algae green, &quot;Hannibal&quot; is cast in pale blues. Colors on the disc are often flat but fine. There is at least one instance of speckling. The DTS and Dolby Digital audio mixes are a great improvement on &quot;Lambs,&quot; but remain subdued by action-picture standards. Julianne Moore plays FBI veteran Clarice Starling as a  weary centurion, one used to the violence of the streets, but still affected by it. She aptly renders the clipped speech Jodie Foster used in the original, making it more naturalistic and beliveable. Scott, in his mostly focused director's commentary, notes that Moore's great talent is to be &quot;always different in films she does.&quot; Hopkins delivers a cartoon take on his aging Lecter, single-handedly bringing to mind the 007 transition from Sean Connery to Roger Moore. &quot;Hannibal's&quot; notoriety, of course, is based on its final scenes, in which any veneer of seriousness is stripped away. &quot;This has got to be funny,&quot; Scott observes, calling the cannibalism sequence &quot;the outrageous target at  the end of the film.&quot; A &quot;very amused&quot; medical specialist was present on the set to ensure plausibility at the dinner table, says Scott, who tells more than you'd ever want to know about brain surgery (&quot;The brain bleeds like a pig&quot;). The filmmakers struggled with three possible endings, two of which were shot. One alternative ending -- included among the disc's 20 minutes of deleted scenes -- eliminates the bloody handcuff twist. Another scene, never shot, provided a James Bond-style ending, Scott reveals. The deleted scenes are far better than usual. One elegaic Florence scene features Hopkins/Hannibal playing a haunting original composition on piano. Other extras include a surreal but unused title sequence, an interactive breakdown of key scenes offering multiple camera angles, a series of making-of featurettes, and the usual photo galleries and TV spots.ott reveals. The deleted scenes are far better than usual. One elegaic Florence scene features Hopkins/Hannibal playing a haunting original composition on piano. Other extras include a surreal but unused title sequence, an interactive breakdown of key scenes offering multiple camera angles, a series of making-of featurettes, and the usual photo galleries and TV spots.
0780619609|5.0|This Turtles film is almost as good as the oringal. It's not quite as dark and serious as the first and does have a few goofy gimmicks. Actually specifically, it's the two mutants Shredder creates that are gimmicky. Still it's a cool movie. If you liked the first or anything Ninja Turtles related, give it a shot.
B00004X01U|5.0|As usual Madonna has yet another great cd to add to her collection.This cd has an amazing amount of creativity on it with some great hooks and very personal songs. Don't Tell Me is my absoulute favorite song on the entire album.It's wonderfully catchy with great lyrics and it's not like anything Madonna has ever done before.On What It Feels Like For A Girl, Madonna's voice sounds absoulutely beautiful,not to mention it's a wonderful song.    If you're looking for upbeat danceable songs,try listening to tracks like Runaway Lover,Amazing,and of course,Music!
B00000G09Q|4.0|People come down hard on this movie and I don't know why. I mean it could've been worse. Still some things do hurt the film. Casey Jones plays a small role in this film (though all his scenes are very funny), and again a different April is showcased in this film. It's not the best ending to a trilogy, but hey it's better than not having a third film at all.
B00005MAM2|5.0|I recall the first thing I said after i saw Tokyo explode for the first time, in the legendary words of Keanu Reeves: &quot;Whoa&quot;.<br />The film is amazing, and it is the same movie you are familiarized with, but the DVD edition is a rebirth of epic proportions. The animation looks even MORE stunning then it looked before, now with amazing coloring and incredibly high quality visuals. The new THX-ed soundtrack finally lets you hear the music properly with the dignity it deserves, and the new English dubbing is accurate to the bone compared to the original japanese dubbing.<br />All the above goes for whoever got to see this movie before.<br />If you hadn't previously seen the movie - I suggest you go click the &quot;Add To Shopping Cart&quot; button immediately. This movie is a must-see, let alone the DVD Edition is a must-own, The masterpiece which tells the tale of post-apocalyptic Neo-Tokyo cannot be missed by anyone who's into Animated features. <br />...Unless you prefer watching Disney. Maybe I'm misjudging here. It takes a lot of character to stand a movie like this.
B00003CY5K|4.0|&quot;Thumbs Up!&quot;<br />Reese Witherspoone is just downright hilarious!  I laughed about 82% of the movie!  That's a lot!  The film is a comedic genius!  This summer, everyone really should, go blonde!  Though, this film might not be fall down funny, it sure ranks up high on comic standards!
B00005LB9O|5.0|I have to admit that I'm a britpop snob...I listen to Pulp, Supergrass, Belle &amp; Sebastian, Black Box Recorder, etc. almost to exclusion. So when Travis came out to such acclaim with The Man Who, I really wanted to like them. Unfortunately, I found that album to be a bit too moody and depressing and ultimately it didn't get much play on my stereo. After hearing Sing, the first single off of The Invisible Band, I decided to give Travis another shot and I'm so happy that I did. This album is light years better than their previous offering. Pipe Dreams, Safe, and Last Train all have an eerily haunting quality which is superbly mixed with the more upbeat songs like Sing, Side, Flowers in the Window, and Follow the Light. I've been unable to stop listening to this album for the last 2 weeks. Buy it - you won't regret it.
0767903862|5.0|As with other Bryson books, this one made me chuckle and howl (sometimes in public, much to my embarassment). You can't help but laugh out loud! Bryson travels all around the continent and packs this volume with hilarious stories and manages to slip a number of interesting facts in along the way. Some of the highlights of the book include a in-depth discussion of the alarming number of things that can kill you Down Under (watch out for the jelly fish!) as well as the story of the time when the author was chased thru a garden by two very large dogs. (I should also point out that the story about the author's first visit to Austr. when he fell asleep in his tour guide's car had me laughing so hard tears were rolling down my face.)  All in all, I found it to be a fun, very light read. If you liked this one, you should also check out &quot;Notes from a Small Island&quot; and &quot;I'm a Stranger Here Myself.&quot;
B00005KFUM|5.0|Very occasionally a band comes along that has true originality. Muse is such a band. 'Origin of Symmetry', their second album after 'Showbiz' also shows that Muse is becoming exceptionally confident and even more original with each recording session. Merging more than a slight classical influence with piano, keyboards, unexpected vocals and burying it all under a massive sound of rock, this CD could have the makings of a future classic. The first track 'New Born' has musical changes and turns that make it one of the most powerful songs I've heard in a long time.
0380973650|5.0|Gaiman weaves a new mythology from the old. He's been through this territory before, but this time he fully explores ideas that were little more than tantalizing hints. His characters are excellent, his plot is tight, and his ideas are very engaging. I read it in about three days. I had a hard time putting it down. A fabulous novel to crawl into and wrap around yourself...
B00005BL2A|5.0|If your the type of person that finds Depeche Mode music kind of catchy, but not neccessarily life changing and memorable - pay attention to their lyrics. In focusing on the lyrics, the music starts to haunt you. You start to notice little nuances to the melodies that are almost ethereal. When I first heard Exciter, I thought it was just alright, no big deal. But I listened again, and something kept me coming back to it. Particularly the songs Freelove, Comatose, I am you, When the body speaks, I feel love, and Useless.  Quickly listened to the first time, I didn't fully feel the extent of how great these songs are. But as I kept coming back there were more and more aspects to the songs that are so addicting I can't stop listening. And if you listen to it on head phones (or just really loud), you can immerse yourself the the whole experience of each song; its almost spiritual. (that said, the song Breathe is a bit silly, but its different, strange, and goofy in good way ). If your not into songs about love, your barking up the wrong group.
B000056Q81|5.0|As other writers have pointed out in reviews of other releases by this artist, Ms. Hardy was one of the relatively few female singers in the 1960s to pen her own material.  This means a welcome absence (or near-absence) of cover versions.  This set offers a nearly chronological anthology of her work from 1962 through 1967.<br />I was lured to this set by her association with British producer/songwriter Charles Blackwell who handled her recordings in 1964, 1965 and early 1966.  Blackwell's most well-known accomplishment is probably P.J. Proby's first album, but he also arranged a number of early Joe Meek productions and produced many of the better records by admittedly obscure singer Samantha Jones.  Blackwell's productions with Francoise Hardy do not disappoint, although Samantha Jones' &quot;Don't Come Any Closer&quot; still pips Hardy's French equivalent &quot;Non Ce N'est Pas Un Reve.&quot;  For that matter, Mina's original Italian version of &quot;Se Telefonando&quot; trumps Ms. Hardy's &quot;Je Changerais D'avis.&quot;  But both of those competing performances figure among the very best work by their respective artists, so this is no dishonor;  it just shows the fine quality of the material used by Ms. Hardy when not doing her own.  She even records a French-language version of one of the very few songs written by Dusty Springfield (&quot;C'est le Passe&quot; or &quot;Once Upon a Time&quot;).<br />Bearing in mind that I bought this set for the Blackwell recordings (nearly half of the tracks on here), I found the work with producers Mickey Baker and Jacques Denjean to be equally effective.  Baker created a Gaullic Spector sound which could pass for Charles Blackwell himself (but Baker worked with Hardy before Blackwell did).  Following a ho-hum series of recordings under the auspices of Johnny Harris, Denjean created a more muscular but still balladic sound for Hardy's songs that seems much more recent than 1967.  Her &quot;Voila&quot; from this period is positively timeless.  Amazon lists a couple of albums from 1967 for Ms. Hardy.  On the strength of her three 1967 tracks here, I will be eagerly buying them.  <br />The early material pre-dating 1964 does less for me but there is the campy spy thriller theme soundalike &quot;Le Temps de L'amour.&quot; And the first track &quot;Tous les Garcons et les Filles&quot; is charmingly French.<br />I know no French, and even so the terrific songs, arrangements and delivery serve up ample entertainment.  And fifty tracks for less than $17 is very good value.
020161622X|5.0|Tip 15: Use Tracer Bullets to Find the Target. That's among 70 &quot;tips&quot; you'll get from Hunt and Thomas, and one of the most important. I used to think you had to plan everything ahead of time down to APIs and data structures and then go program it like an automaton. Both this book and _Extreme Programming_ by Beck explain why this is a flawed idea in the face of the plastic medium of software. You often don't know what you want, you'll often learn a lot by implementing the first module, or the customer may change their mind about what they want (especially after seeing early versions). I went from academia to a start-up, and this book was a very good outline of how to program in a real world setting. My boss, another former academic, also read it and loved it. You might not learn anything from this book if you're already an old hand at professional programming on a great team. Or maybe it'll just ring the I-knew-that-but-now-I-have-a-name-for-it bell. The discussion of rubber ducking is a good example (just nodding your head behind someone while they explain their code to you and debug it themselves). The discussion of the stone soup phenomenon is another case (read the book to see how it applies). My other favorites among the tips include: don't live with broken windows; make quality a requirements issue; don't repeat yourself; there are no final decisions (strongly related to tracer bullets); keep knowledge in plain text; use the power of command shells (but don't bother reading Neal Stephenson's book on the subject even if you love his other books as much as I do); use a single editor well; &quot;select&quot; isn't broken (think horses not zebras); design with contracts; test your estimates; design to test; test your software or your users will; test early. test often. test automatically; find bugs once; and finally, sign your work. (I wish software designers could do this a little more literally; I love how hardware designers get to etch cool logos on circuit boards.)
0451169514|5.0|This is by far my favorite work by Stephen King. Even though he's written so many wonderful and enchanting books. This one just had me from hello, I suppose. It was also the book that really got me hooked on King. Literally everything you could want in a horror novel is in this novel. The children in this book is what I think made it the best one. They seem like the kids you knew when you were growing up.<br />     This story, timeline-wise, begins with little Georgie Denbrough chasing his little newspaper boat his brother made for him when he was bored from being home sick in bed. There had just been a huge flood in Derry, Maine and George took out the boat and let it sail down the street. It ended up going to fast for him and he saw it go into the drain on the side of the street. As he was about to forget about it and go on home a clown came out of nowhere and asked him if he wanted it back. But when he reached for it....let's just say that was the end of little old Georgie.<br />     One thing led to another during their childhood. Some things good and some very disastrous. They thought they had killed it way back in 1958 but they had been misled. They all got called back twenty seven years later for a reunion.<br />     I really didn't think that the ending was too great but that it okay. I didn't let that get to me. It was still very wonderful. Although it is long you really can never get enough of it. It's definitely one to read over and over throughout the years. I have read it thrice and will be reading it again sometime. I'm glad I decided to buy this one.
630575067X|5.0|If you like the Star Wars saga, this prequel is up to your expectations.  I'd rate it clearly above &quot;Revenge of the Jedi&quot; and a hair beneath the first two films.  They've done a great job with introducing characters we already know and watching them embark upon the paths we know they'll take, while inserting some mystery as to HOW they'll get to the beginning state of &quot;A New Hope.&quot;  There is some great action and some quality intrigue contained to TPM itself.<br />Two small lapses in the film:  1) that little kid who plays young Anakin Skywalker is a lousy actor, even for his age, and 2) Jar-Jar Binks not only doesn't get shot right after we meet him, but he lives to film's end and is rumored to be in &quot;Attack of the Clones.&quot;<br />All in all it's a great film that I've enjoyed watching several times.
6301777387|5.0|Korea was my &quot;war&quot; and I spent a couple of years in a General Field Hospital in the operating room treating casualties.  This movie is the nearest to the real thing that I know, both in operating room authenticity and personel attitude under these stressful conditions The humor is black but so were the times. It is a great movie.
B00003CXTG|3.0|this has some of the best war scenes ever. the only problem is that it is not 100% accurete and it takes over 90 min to get the war started. this is like titanic, where it takes at least an hour or two before the boat hits that iceberg. if u get the chance, get the directors cut r rated edition which comes out the 3rd or 4th of jan.  its 3 discs and will be about the same price as this editon.  it contains about 10 min extra and has an intermision to.  this is a love story so if u can get over that its a good movie.
B00005JKES|5.0|I think the other reviews here sum up my own feelings for Twin Peaks, the best television series ever. The VHS edition of this series was an insult to anyone who ever bought it - recorded in super-long-play format, the color bleed and general distortion was *so* bad the set was absolutely unwatchable. Ironic, considering Twin Peaks was the only thing that made television really watchable again. Please hurry up and release the DVDs, and don't forget the pilot episode!
0345409671|4.0|I believe that you have to be firmly entrenched in not only the vampire chronicles but also the work of Anne Rice before one can truly appreciate the breadth of this book.<br />Lestat definitely takes on more human chracteristic in this volume and the result was to me both reassuring and haunting at the same time. The book itself was just that, as a Catholic I did cringe when when Lestat sunk into Christ's neck.<br />But by the end of the book that feeling had past and I was left with a feeling I've come to expect and enjoy after reading one of the books in the vampire chronicles: thoughtfulness.<br />Rice always gives us something heavy to think about.
B000007T1M|3.0|good music but i just can't get over his god damn anoying voice. but lot's of people like it so if you can get past the fact that he sounds like mickey mouse you could probably like this CD.
0790731452|5.0|It's funny that the public would snub a movie like Mars Attacks at the theatre and denounce it for it's absurdity but praise trash like Titanic, The Sixth Sense etc. (insert garbage here) can secure their place in film history. What a tragedy.  Pure tripe is presented to us and we graciously accept it and eat it as if it was fine dining.<br />This movie wasn't meant to make you want to root for any of the characters. You weren't supposed to cheer for the kids, the adults, the president or Tom Jones.  There is no hero, nor is there supposed to be.  Truth be told, the aliens are the ones to cheer for because they're just a bunch of jerks taking advantage of the ridiculous people of earth. If anything, the movie shows just how stupid people can be, looking for meaning in everything and striving to find something or someone to hold up on a pedestal. It hints at our habit of always wanting to show our own greatness by pretending to realize the greatness of others. Mostly though, there is absolutely no message or moral and there isn't supposed to be one. The fact of the matter is that this movie is just good fun. It is a movie that you can sit down and watch with a wife, family, friend, and or girlfriend, and have a lot of laughs and a good time.
B00003CXPD|5.0|There is little I can add to the praise already given to this film in the previous reviews. This is an excellent film which is moving without being sentimental and truly uplifting. The acting is superb - worthy of oscars but obviously not within the privileged circle that could get them.<br />What has inspired me to write a review is not really to provide further acclaim but because of the many comments criticising the film because of the 'thick' British accents or because of the language.<br />Firstly, the accents are County Durham accents NOT &quot;British&quot; (compare with the Queen if you really can't see the difference). What do you expect? Should a film set in a working class mining community in County Durham have actors speaking in BBC English or even American accents just to please the American market? Why is there this expectation that everything has to be homogenised to be acceptable? I personally have a lot of difficulty understanding the American accents in many of the films that we see (and we don't get subtitles!) but I do not complain because I assume that this is the way that people actually speak there? This is the way people actually speak in Durham and thus adds to the realism of the film.<br />Secondly there have been many complaints about the language - some saying it was unnecessary. Again, I am afraid this is the way that the people being portrayed speak and it would be unrealistic to censor the language. As one enlightened reviewer alluded, language is harmless - at least the film did not contain the gratuitous violence, gun culture and 'drugs as a way of life' themes that a vast number of American films do. Films with much more harmful content get away with lighter certifications - why? Why is there this prudish attitude towards language but a blind acceptance of the portrayal of the sickness of society. Maybe it's what you're used to?<br />This film portrays the things that are good about people. Their courage, their perseverance, their triumphs in the face of adversity, their love. What does a little bad language matter?<br />Get real America? - People do speak differently from you elsewhere you know and people also have values and qualities that rise above their vocabulary.
0393317552|3.0|Diamond demonstrates well that European success in colonizing vast parts of the world is not a result of racial superiority. His reconstruction of biological, geographical, and demographical factors is fascinating. I wish, however, that he had a more heavy-handed editor. The book is pedantic. He bombards the reader with evidence that often exceeds what is necessary to establish his case. Moreover, in playing to his personal strengths (biology and linguistics) he gives grossly inadequate attention to other perspectives, such as economics and general cultural factors. (For example, race advantaged no one, but this book also provides examples of how racism and zenophobia could both help and hinder.) His survey of the history of the forms of social organization is superficial. His theories about the nature of history are also issues for debate. He seems to think that history moves from something toward something with necessity and purpose. Can one speak meaningfully about the broad patterns of history? Professional historians argue about this. (Speaking of historiographical problems, if great men can't take the credit for innovation, per Diamond's position, why does he blame a single Chinese ruler for stopping innovation? Does the course of Chinese history really hang on a single cranky ruler?) To conclude, even while showing how central the domestication of plants and animals were for the evolution of human societies, Diamond acknowledges that these factors are fundamental but not deterministic. In the end, Diamond provides only part of an answer--albeit a stimulating one. I screamed and groaned often when reading, but I'm glad I read this book.
B000001FBI|3.0|Kiss' forgotten album, on their second effort, the band goes for a heavier sound, a couple of the stronger tracks include &quot;Strangeways&quot;, an excellent Criss sung rocker with a killer solo from Ace, &quot;'Watchin' You&quot;, and &quot;Got To Choose&quot;, all excellent Kiss songs, but not enough good material to measure up to their debut album, which is one of the best albums of the 70's. Another reason this album just does'nt cut it for me is the mix, which is really muddy, though I haven't heard the remastered version (Hopefully they cut the sludge from the original)and the songs, except for the aftermentioned, are kind of just, well...boring.If you're just dicovering Kiss, this should'nt be the place to start, If you are a fan, you should already own it.
0783243499|5.0|When I read Bret Easton Ellis'&quot;American Psycho&quot;, my reactions boiled down to, (A) &quot;This is the most distasteful thing I've ever read.&quot; and (B) &quot;Nobody's ever gonna film THIS.&quot;  After seeing the film version on the advice of a trusted friend, I can only say I'm still right about (A), but I was totally wrong about (B).  Mary Harron has done what I thought impossible- she has not only filmed &quot;American Psycho&quot;, she has made it a much better story than it ever was in print.  Her basic technique is diabolically simple; her script demolishes the line between what protagonist Patrick Bateman actually does and what he fantasises doing.  Right from the start- in a witty title sequence that demonstrates that what you believe you're seeing is not necessarily what you think it is- Harron deliberately makes it unclear if Bateman's murders and rampages are real or in his head.  By film's end, the only thing that's clear is that Bateman could have done absolutely everything shown- or none of it- or some of it.  Chillingly, Bateman eventually realises he's so far gone that he himself does not know where the truth lies.  Not content to show Bateman as a psychopath, Harron mercilessly depicts the insanity of 1980's trendy New Yorkers.  Bateman is constantly telling people about the horrible acts he commits, or would like to, and no one listens.  Half the time Bateman is mistaken for someone else by people just too busy and self-centered to commit the simple, human act of caring enough to learn another person's name.  Is it any wonder he's the sickest of all possible puppies?  <br />Harron also strengthens the story by considerably restricting the levels of violence and misogyny that infest the book.  There are a few stretches that look extremely gory, but as with the shower scene in &quot;Psycho&quot;, more is implied than shown.  <br />&quot;American Psycho&quot; benefits from a first-rate cast.  As Patrick Bateman, Christian Bale is spot on the money as a preppie-turned-yuppie-turned-madman.  Reese Witherspoon is great as his fiancee who never realises who her man is, let alone WHAT her man is.  Chloe Sevigny does some very deft work as Bateman's secretary; the scene where she's invited to Bateman's apartment to be murdered- only to create a misunderstanding that saves her life- is a comic gem.  And there is a poignant turn by Cara Seymour as Christie, a hooker who meets a terrible fate.  Seymour has a remarkable likeness to Louise Brooks, and something of the same manner.  We will see more of her in years to come, I think.  Willem Dafoe is a treat as a detective who may or may not be on to Bateman- and, come to think of it, may or may not be real.<br />See &quot;American Psycho&quot;.  Even if you hated the book, SEE IT.  It's a movie that has the intelligence to refrain from spelling everything out in TV-Movie-Of-The-Week fashion, and that alone should be recommendation enough.  The fact that this film is stylish, witty, macabre, sexy and terrifying by turns is icing on a cake that could have been baked by Alfred Hitchcock- and I do not say that lightly.
B00005JKES|5.0|... and it only served to remind me how truly wonderful the series was!  It's very hard to get hold of the videos in Europe now - the VHS editions are all deleted, and it's a rare treat to find a Blockbuster stocking the whole set of episodes.  So, please, I entreat you [the studio] - please give this awesome title a DVD release soon!
0140177396|5.0|This short book is a very quick read, yet is as profound as one would expect.  It is the story about two friends, and the way they care for each other.  The narration is elequently written and the descriptions are breath-taking.  If you are looking for a great piece of literature, this is a wonderful choice.
0316776963|5.0|Me Talk Pretty One Day is a wildly funny account of David Sedaris's life.  The essays contained in the book recount different events - growing up in North Carolina, attempting to be an artist, struggling to find work, and eventually moving to Paris with his partner.<br />In one of the funniest chapters, Sedaris writes about his first visit to France.  Expecting exciting sites and fun shopping, he is taken to Normandy, where everyone stares at the odd Americans.  Knowing only the word for &quot;bottleneck,&quot; he travels the countryside reciting the word.  <br />The beauty of this book is that experiences that could have been painful and heartwrenching are portrayed in such a humorous fashion.  Not only can the reader get enjoyment in the book, but it encourages us to see the lighter side of the world around us.  Very strongly recommended!
0140187650|5.0|Over the last 15 years, I have often come across references to Hannah Arendt when reading about the Holocaust, but only recently did I read &quot;Eichmann in Jerusalem&quot;.  As someone born after Eichmann was brought to justice, I had little knowledge of the facts surrounding the case.<br />The book gives interesting detail, not only about Eichmann, but about the bureaucracy that allowed the Holocaust to take place.  In fact, the book is not so much about Eichmann, who seems to have admitted his essential guilt from the time he was caught, but about the systematic destruction of the Jews, for which he was a bureaucratic (middle) manager.  <br />It gives you reason for hope, in the description of how the (well-known) story of how the people of Denmark reacted to the possible deportation of the Jews, and reason for despair, in how the people of several other European countries behaved.  There is also a great deal of insight into the ethnic problems now affecting the Balkins and much of Eastern Europe.<br />Despite all I have read suggesting the opposite, Arendt very clearly believes Eichmann is guilty and was rightly executed for it.  Yet she also makes it clear that he had help, and the help was not only from other Nazis.  Without this help, the killings simply could not have occurred.  It is a very compelling story, and a great lesson should be learned from it.<br />The only negative comment I have is petty: the sentence structure and language of the book is sometimes difficult to follow, and that does detract slightly from the text.  With that qualification, I highly recommend this book.
B00003CX5P|5.0|Virtually every one of the millions of people who grew up loving the original Star Wars films had an idea of what Episode I should have been. That kind of devotion and anticipation easily produces failed expectations and harsh criticism. That being said, the tantrum thrown by many Star Wars fans because George Lucas didn't make the film just the way they would have done it tends to obscure this film's greatness.<br />The Phantom Menace has its flaws: Jar Jar Binks is exceedingly irritating; Jake Lloyd's performance as Anakin Skywalker is very mediocre; the characters don't endear themselves to you the way they did in Episodes IV, V, and VI, partly because you don't get to know them nearly as well. Who cares what becomes of the Naboo pilots or the Gungan soldiers?<br />What Lucas did in the Phantom Menace was lay the groundwork for the two darker films yet to come. Episode I showed us what Jedi can do given a full complement of training and modern special effects. When the Jedi go to work, the visuals are as action-packed as any shoot-'em-up you'll ever see. The nastiness of galactic politics is sure to play a bigger role in Episodes II and III, but Lucas has already given us a glance of the nefariousness faced by the Republic. The scenes on the capital planet of Coruscant were some of the most intriguing of the film, not to mention some of the most stunning to watch.<br />Viewing the Phantom Menace by itself, perhaps it doesn't deserve five stars. But it wasn't made to stand alone. When the trilogy of prequels is complete, Jar Jar and the childhood Anakin aren't going to detract from the overall enjoyment of the tale spun by Lucas. Episode I is an integral part of telling that story. Star Wars fans seeking a religious experience should look for it in a house of worship, not a movie theater. Star Wars, including the Phantom Menace, is just a story, but a fascinating, remarkably illustrated one.
B00003CXSP|1.0|If you have been looking forward to this film because you enjoyed Silence of the Lambs, then you will be very disappointed. If you have looking forward to this film because you enjoyed the book, then you will be very disappointed. If you have been looking forward to this film for any other reason, then you will still be very disappointed. Julianne Moore's acting is terrible and it looked to me like they tried to make the extra gory so that the audience would focus on the gore instead of the fact that this film lacked a story.
B00003CXTG|3.0|The first 90 minutes of Pearl Harbor is an irritating attempt to recapture the same kind of audience of adolescent girls who propelled Titanic to becoming the highest-grossing film of all-time. The last 90 minutes is almost pure action. The great thing about a DVD is you can skip over the fluff and tune in where the Japanese pilots prepare to climb into their planes. Building up the suspense of the impending attack, as wave after wave of aircraft launch from the decks of their carriers and head toward Battleship Row, is extremely well done. The heroics of the main characters are a little hokey, particularly in a battle everybody already knows is lost, but you root for them anyway our of sheer patriotism. The special effects are impeccable.
B00005J6UP|5.0|Just got the DVD version, which was released today. It is amazing, if you love Goonies, even if you already own the VHS as I do; do not hesitate, rush out and buy this DVD. It has cut scenes, the infamous octopus scene, and commentary and more. It is well worth the wait.
B00004Z459|2.0|Whatever this new wave of music is, I hate it. Bands like Linkin Park, Cleavage and Project Wyze, or however they spell it, all sound the same. All it is is weak verses, with angry and loud courses. Basically after about 3 songs these bands get boring. I did tag on an extra star though because of the strong vocals of one of the lead singers, the blond haired one.
B00005N83M|5.0|i think she's brilliant! she is so lovable, and she's an amazing singer. so, she slips in language once, or twice, big deal. she knows how to make things hot, and who to collaberate with. i say that evry 1 should buy this!
B000002UAX|5.0|As &quot;War and Peace&quot; was Tolstoy's philosophy of history in one long, dense, sprawling book that many  -- who haven't REALLY read it -- think is too long, &quot;The White Album&quot; represents the Beatles' philosophy of music in 1968.  Many think IT is too long; think IT is too self-indulgent.  Most philosophy seems such on the surface.  As does most art to the uninitiated.  This double album represents what the Beatles believed the musical world was at that moment: it was limitless. If you disagree with their musical philosophy circa 1968 -- that musical borders didn't exist that could not be breached -- don't buy the album.  For this philosophy is expressed by the very FORM of the document itself: chaotic, sprawling, messy, yet visionary.  In this case the medium is part of its message.  To edit even one track -- regardless of absolute musical merit -- is like editing out a somewhat long-winded chapter of &quot;War and Peace&quot; that you don't quite &quot;get,&quot; but which is one link in the chain of its overall meaning. <br />The long-winded treatises and personal attacks on the Beatles accumulating on this site -- particularly from those who are barely literate yet desperate for their 15 minutes -- are sophomoric in the extreme and ultimately pointless, as I suspect that none of the surviving Beatles care what we think.  They are not going to edit the album for those who want it edited.  Nor are they going to remove it from the catalog, for those who don't like it.  <br />If you don't like &quot;The White Album,&quot; simply &quot;let it be&quot; what it is: the Beatles late-stage philosophy of music, love it or leave it. If you want a musical adventure -- in the form of a document of its turbulent time that is STILL relevant as music -- take a risk on &quot;The White Album.&quot;  If not, go in peace and pursue your own pleasures.
B00003CXCQ|5.0|Having read (much to my amusement, and amazement) the  previous reviews of this upcoming release,  I will not outline, as have some, the entire movie, which everybody knows anyway.  That said,I will note that  virtually no one mentioned my own favorite segment,  the &quot;party&quot; sequence at the dwarf's cottage.  Not only is  it a brilliant piece of filmmaking, it is just plain fun, something I play over and over again.<br />The movie as a whole is, quite simply, a masterpiece,  regardless of the opinions of a few feminists out there. It is a 60 year old movie after all.  <br />My main reason for writing is to comment on a few of the  additional features.  I really see no need of Barbra  Streisand on this release.  Secondly, why do we need Angela Lansbury taking us on a &quot;VIP tour&quot; of the bonus features. I am quite capable of picking the features I want to see. And one of those does not appear to be included, namely,  &quot;The Old Mill&quot;, the beautiful short made to test the  efficacy of the newly developed (at the time) Multiplane Camera.  There is a &quot;camera and filter test&quot; segment listed  in the extras and perhaps it is to be found in that, but it is not specifically listed, as is &quot;The Goddess of Spring&quot;.  <br />I will reserve further comment until I actually see the DVD release (I am intrigued by the comments on the  quality of a DVD that is weeks if not months from being  released), but I do feel obliged to remark on the review by &quot;Why Bother&quot; in Houston, TX. who seemed mightily put out by what he/she considered to be the &quot;full screen, chopped  up version&quot; of this film and wondered: &quot;Why not give us the whole movie, in widescreen format, so it can be enjoyed as it was meant to be?&quot;  For one quite excellent reason:  It is not and never was a widescreen movie.  The 1.33:1 ratio that you see on your TV screen is, in fact, the original format of the movie and we ARE seeing it &quot;as it was meantto be&quot;.  There have been some misguided attempts to  &quot;stretch&quot; these older Disney classics to fit the wider  screens in todays theaters but they fail miserably  resulting in either thepicture being squashed or the top  and bottom being cut off.  So, fret not about the picture  being full screen: that IS how it was made.
6304712936|1.0|Dual layer DVDs can hold 7GB.  Braveheart, for example, is  3.5 hours long on a single side.  For this 2.5 hour movie, I have to eject the DVD and turn it over!  What's worse is that *NONE* of these two sided DVDs have any indication on the label of the box (or internet site) of this inconvenience....
B0000542DG|5.0|I do not scream at scary movies, I just get all ansty and maybe cover my eyes, or just a little jump. This movie made me scream like a baby. It has some of the most unexpected shock moments that I have ever seen in a film. The premise is very interesting about a teenager who dreams that the plane he is on will explode, he then gets off the plane, and bam it explodes. Little did he know that death would keep on following him and his friends. One of the most riveting, intense, suspensful, and shocking movies I have seen in a long time. The acting is decent and the dilaogue is corny but you forgive all that when you have your first, second, third, and fourth scare. Loved it and I know you will too.
B00003CWOL|5.0|This is one of my favourites. I think it's by no means profaning or anti-Christian. It's so great to feel that man is actually worth something, that he is REALLY important with all his emotions and fears and doubts (and must not be cursed because of having them). The idea about the angels being bound to obey to God because of their original nature and people being more precious to God because of their ability to make a free-will choice is not a new one, but a very great one.  Isn't it great to believe that not only Catholics (Orthodox, Baptist, Jewish, Muslim, Buddhist etc.) will be saved? Well, maybe Buddhists do not care that much about salvation, but let's keep it universal  :))))))  Isn't it great to feel that God DOES understand us? God is transcendent, God is&#8230;.. is God, I agree. But we are created in the image and likeness of Him. We are sinful, we are stupid, lying, whatever, but at the same time we are not supposed to spend all our life down on our knees begging for some mercies. We must live, create, love, CHANGE OURSELVES and we must not be afraid of being people. We have so much in ourselves.  I've read quite a lot of Christian-inspired literature, starting with Dostoyevsky and Berdyaev and ending with Clive Lewis. One of the most usual feelings that I encountered is the one of the all-embracing suffering that fills our world. Yes, it is there, it's always with us. BUT. It's so great to have fun!! God gave us the sense of humour for some reason, animals do not have it by the way :)))) There's nothing blasphemous about having fun, being happy. <br />All in all, the film is a great and inspiring experience. I became a fan of Smith's after watching it. All the actors did a very good job. One of the most powerful scenes is when Jay shoots off Bartleby's wings. It's really painful to watch it, and those bleeding stumps afterwards. I would recommend to watch the film at least twice in order to get to the bottom of all of its ideas and hints (and there's aplenty of them!!)
B000059HCI|5.0|Before I saw this movie, I swore off movies that portrayed the glamorization of drugs , which for a good part of the movie I thought this would, but I was very impressed with the way it was portrayed.<br />This movie portrays a mother (Ellen Burstyn) and her heroin-addict son (Jared Leto) and girlfriend (Jennifer Connolly) along with their friend (Marlon Wayans), and how they score a half pound of heroin. The Mother becomes obsessed with some sort of demented infomercial/gameshow and losing weight so she can be on the show, and soon becomes addicted to speed.<br />Her son and his friends split a large amount of heroin between the 3 of them and they think all their troubles are over. They quickly find the money's gone along with the drugs, but not the craving for more. Soon they're going to great lenghts to try to score... <br />I won't spoil the ending for you, but this movie is worth the watch. Visually it's really awesome. The soundtrack is also very good. If you liked this movie, try Pi, but watch these films with people you can discuss them with. They are better appreciated that way.
B000056K04|3.0|I loved &quot;Crash,&quot;every one of the cuts from that CD,and I enjoy the single &quot;The Space Between,&quot;but this record is so Boring,even though its well produced ,and the music sounds great,but I just can't get into this CD.I played it for 5 solid days,and I can't take it anymore.I think The Dave Matthews Band is fantastic,and I would see them in concert even if I had to drive 100miles,but something is wrong with this record.
B00004WGYA|5.0|First, let me complain: this is the reissue of Duran Duran's \\"Rio,\\" but it's a reissue of the original UK release, not the edition that was released in America. This means that the versions of \\"My Own Way,\\" \\"Lonely in Your Nightmare,\\" \\"Hungry Like the Wolf,\\" and \\"Hold Back the Rain\\" are different from the versions most American Duran fans are familiar with. I am partial towards the American release, because that was the edition I grew up with and am more familiar with. The extended versions of the perviously mentioned songs are, in my opinion, superior to the originals and, for now, are no longer available, unless you have the original LP or cassette as I do.<br />That small gripe aside, the \\"Rio\\" reissue is worth a purchase. You get the orginal album in all its remastered glory, plus you get 3 videos, lyrics, a prtial discography, and a photo gallery (which is not for the fainthearted; those haircuts are so very 80's and so very spooky). Any Duran Duran fan worth his/her salt wouldn't dream of missing this reissued CD!
0452282152|3.0|When I see a portrait, I always wonder &quot;why her ? &quot; and &quot;why in this way?&quot; Chevalier's novel is just that, a delightful look into those questions, and into life in Vermeer's time.  I think that artists mostly work for themselves, not for other artists, and it is fair to assume - if only for the sake of  a good story - that Vermeer maybe thought about his cleaning girl  more than what he would like to admit to his wife. Don't we all do this kind of thing ? Don't we all sometimes get good ideas from the strangest sources ?
0385501560|4.0|What an intense read.  I felt completely captured by the plot, and all I could do was hang on for the ride.  From the first sentence, Palahnuik throws you into the world and stream of consciousness of Victor, a recovering sex addict who is treading water at Step 4 (reconciliation with past misgivings).  Victor is living his convoluted life: working at a colonial &quot;living&quot; museum full of addicts, fake choking at restaurants to be saved (in order to, later, ask his &quot;hero&quot; for $$$)--all to pay for his mother's stay at a mental hospital.<br />A particularly interesting section of the book: when Victor, convinced he was the second coming of Christ, begins to act according to his new mantra: &quot;What would Jesus NOT do?&quot;  <br />Palahniuk is obviously a very talented writer.  His writing flows effortlessly and holds the reader's attention, until a surprise twist drops you at the end.  This book is definitely not for the faint-hearted, but it is an amazing read.
B00005J6UP|5.0|Despite all the quirks (Bursts of confetti coming from behind Mr. Walsh as he throws a shredded check in the air, flubbery sound effects continuing well after chunk stops the truffle shuffle, a man lost since the 1930's has a 1973 topps Lou Gehrig card on him, etc.), this is my favorite movie of all time.  The music is great.  The plot is (though not realistic) superior to most treasure hunt movies.  The characters are fun and involving.  Great directing, great booby traps Indiana Jones would have a hard time escaping.  A fantastic film.<br />If you're looking for an exciting, action packed adventure movie anyone who is or ever was 12 years old would love, this is it.  I used to have it on tape when I was a kid, but it was played over and over so many times that it had to be thrown away.  Ah, but that will never happen with the DVD.
0790729652|5.0|Batman is a clasic that should be cherished by whoever sees it.  The acting is the best of it's time and ours.  The storyline is unique and fun. You could pretty much say it was powerful.  You wouldn't think of Batman as being a powerful movie but it is and should and definitly won't be forgotten.
0783239955|5.0|This French movie with English subtitles is a true farce, making one laugh and laugh again. It has caught the eye of the filmgoers, even those who hate the subtitled movies. The plot revolves round a Dinner Game about which almost every character speaks, a dinner at which a few innocent people assumed to be idiots, would become the fodder for the entertainment of a group of gentlemen. Who are the true idiots? The arrogant or the innocent? The movie asks a relevant question, while making everyone laugh. Indeed a French masterpiece!
0064440346|5.0|I had owl at home in my library of children's books over 20 years ago.  My daughter, now almost 28 y/o loved the book.  Many times during her college years when a crisis occurred, she would call me in tears and beg me to read her tear-water tea....<br />It tastes a little bit salty -- but tear-water tea is always very good!
0783226837|5.0|TREMORS is nothing more then pure fun.  The story takes place in a very small Western town that is besieged by four giant sluglike monsters.  These slugs attack anything that causes a seismic vibration on the ground much like a piranha attacks anything that leaks blood.  But these slugs chase after a would-be victim with the speed of a runaway train.  And add to that, the surviving slugs seem to get smarter when one of their own is killed.<br />This is one film where the producers could have just put in a bunch of teenagers that only serve the purposes of taking their clothes off and being victims.  But instead, we get a several enjoyable characters that we can actually care about.  Fred Ward and Kevin Bacon are priceless as two laborers looking for work only to find - How do I put it? - man-eating slugs.  Michael Gross, who plays an NRA poster boy, is far removed from his role as an ex-hippie on FAMILY TIES.  His equally gun-toting wife is played by country singer Reba McIntyre, who turns in an impressive performance.  Unlike all the FREDDY THE 13TH (Don't blame me if I can't tell'em apart) movies, you find yourself rooting for these people.<br />While this movie might not be CITIZEN KANE, it is a perfect rental for a Friday night.
0446364495|5.0|For all the cynics: 1) This is fiction - why does it have to be plausible? 2) Why should the style of writing be to your liking? 3) If you want realism - read the newspaper instead. 4) If you don't like it - who cares; they are plenty who do!<br />Oh by the way, the book is terrific!
B000002J1U|5.0|1970's Led Zeppelin III was part response to critics who called the band onesided and over the top and part product of Jimmy Paige's and Robert Plant's love of \\"music for hippie book stores\\" such as American songwriters like Joni Mitchell and Love's Arthur Lee and bands of the current British folk movement like Fairport Convention and Steeleye Span. The band set up a studio in the forrest-surrounded cottage of Bron-Y-Aur (which would gave track 9 its name) and started playing. What did the world learn about the band who was soon to be its biggest after the experiment was over? Firstly Jimmy Paige is just as much of a masterful guitar player when making his acoustic shimmer as he is when making his electric wail and Robert Plant's voice is every bit as haunting and unique with Paige in either mode. A listen Gallows Pole or the sorrowful, racism-themed That's the Way and most would reach that conclusion. Secondly, blues blasting songs and women were not the only hard rocking songs Zeppelin could command as Immigrant Song eclipses any previous Zeppelin song and Celebration Day eclipses most. Led Zeppelin III was not only Zeppelin's best album to date, but an expansion of all of their previous great work.
B0000508U6|5.0|Some albums are the stuff of fashion, they reflect the current zeitgeist so perfectly that soon and predictibly enough they're completely outdated. Not so with Coldplay's first album. I should know: it's been at or near the top of my playlist for one year now.<br />&quot;Parachutes&quot; is a timeless piece of music: a sound that is the band's very own, even though hasty - and flattering - comparisons have been poured on it, no need to add to the list here.<br />Among the 10 songs on this album, and though none are bad, my preference doesn't go to the singles (Shiver, Yellow) but to two songs that I find absolute masterpieces: Don't panic (making the most of Chris Martin's gorgeous voice, where it soars from a dark profund bass (think Tindersticks) to sparkles of falsetto), and Spies, a mysteriously beautiful song of madness and obsession.<br />In a word: great, charismatic album, already a classic.
B000002J09|5.0|When Led Zeppelin's untitled forth album (Led Zeppelin IV, Zoso, the Runes album include some of its nicknames) was released in 1971, it was a special time for rock and roll. The hippie dream had all but evaporated and the punks had not come crashing in just yet. Rock and roll stars, free of the social conscious but not of the adulation were larger than life and found little shame in sounding loud and mighty and Robert Plant, the sex-driven howler, Jimmy Paige, the bluesy guitar hero, John Bonham, the single maniac who played the drums as if he were five and John Paul Jones, the quiet bass player with a more traditional music education, ruled this era like Elvis ruled the rollicking 50s and the Beatles ruled both the pop and the psychedelic the 60s. Its not hard to hear why. Led Zeppelin rampage and swagger through these eight songs, slowing down, only to squeeze the musical life-force out of mythic and occult themes on Battle of Evermore and Stairway to Heaven with the same growl and lust they used to squeeze the musical life-force out of sex on Black Dog, good times on Rock &amp; Roll and bluesy trouble arising on a dramatically different version of Memphis Minnie and Kansas Joe's When the Levee Breaks. The era that made them icons would end and soon after Led Zeppelin itself wound come to an end but they were too damn powerful and glorious to be forgotten. Several years later when the term \\"classic rock\\" was coined, one band fit the bill better than any other and this album was one of its few definitive essentials.
B00000I600|4.0|Great album, I love these 80's tunes. 'Tainted love' and 'Bedsitter' are stand-out tracks while 'say hello, wave goodbye' is pretty good too. He may not be the greatest singer ever, but Marc Almond knows how to make good music. The guys plan to reform to release new Soft Cell stuff later this year.
B000002U82|5.0|This album is it for me and has been for three years. After I made the insecure decision to add it to my CD collection, when it consisted of only one disc of older material, Bob Marleys Legend, for a mere $13, it melted all of my other CDs and made me never want to waste time on any more juvenile punk rock, frivolous jam bands or trivial modern rock and search the entire spectrum of psychedelic colors, scorching hard rock, experimental ambiances, lyrical soul searching and far beyond for an equally orgasmic musical experience, a search which helped turn one callow youth, subject to agony and doubt at the words and opinions of his snotty peers into a young adult with a rock &amp; roll heart.<br />Pink Floyds Dark Side of the Moon is not the kind of album to which you listen; it is experienced, submerged into. The rich, clear, crisp, innovative sound tingles and ripples with the perfectly sync sound effects as well as Roger Waters surrealist lyrics and well chosen archetypes which resound in perfect poetic form (Time), perfect cryptic message (Brian Damage/Eclipse) or perfect, traditional rock and roll (Money). It is an album that searches the psyche as much as the soul. Was the creative brilliance, credited to authors and painters ever meant for that rebel force called rock and roll? If it was, I believe that gift was delivered to Pink Floyd during the recording of Dark Side of the Moon.
0767836324|4.0|I wish I could give Hook 6 stars for the general story and the performances by Hoffman and Williams. I could watch this over and over just to watch Dustin Hoffman completely portray Captain Hook, an astounding performance. And I can't imagine anyone who could take the place of Robin Williams in this film, being able to portray the up-tight jerk who's the adult Peter Pan, and capture the essential child when he regains his old self.<br />The storyline is wonderful, every bit deserving of a spot as a &quot;sequel&quot; to the classic book/movie(and also has a lot of in-jokes based on the original).<br />Unfortunately, the movie loses 1 star due to some uneveness in the writing and the pacing of the film. And it loses another star due to some pretty bad acting, including making us endure Julia Roberts' performance as Tinker Bell.<br />Still, the result is a strong offering that includes some high spots that you don't want to miss.
B000000H4V|3.0|I was eager to buy this album because I am a humongous fan of &quot;Schizophrenia&quot; and &quot;Beneath The Remains&quot; as well as &quot;Roots&quot;, so I sorta expected this to be a cross between those two. I was right and wrong. As it turns out, I like the faster and more thrashy songs better, such as &quot;Slave New World&quot; and &quot;BioTech Is Godzilla&quot;.
B0000004F9|5.0|Soft Machine was one of the most original bands in an era when originals were popping up everywhere. A bass, organ, and drums trio forsaking the almighty electric guitar was only the beginning of their uniqueness that would continue for years to come regardless of an ever changing line-up. Original drummer Robert Wyatt(prior to his tragic accident and paralysis) was the greatest, most musical skinsman of his time, and he could do lead vocals on top of it.At times, Mike Ratledge would be playing the actual rhythm with Wyatt on top as a soloist.  Blows away ELP(same instrumentaion), though very different musically, pop avante/jazz as opposed to classically influenced prog, all done with a sense of humor in the lyrics (the only two Softs albums that had any). Recommended for King Crimson fans who enjoyed the Giles, Giles &amp; Fripp material, only this is way more out there musically. Ahead of it's time, maybe ahead of any time.
B00003CXB2|5.0|I'll keep this short.  Lawrence of Arabia is one of the greatest cinematic achievements of all time.  Visually inspiring with a script wrought with profound insight into human identity.  The DVD extras make this a worthy investment short of owning a 70mm print.
0783221487|2.0|Dune, uncut, is a classic.  This sliced-and-diced widescreen version dropped at least two vital sequences (I haven't had the time to look for more). ***SPOILER ALERT*** First, Paul's call-out fight upon his and Jessica's first ecounter with the Fremen, the transfer of responsibility for the children of the slain Fremen and the passage of his water to Paul for safekeeping for the Tribe limns the character of the Fremen and their relationship to tradition and water -- a must for better understanding of actions to follow.  ***SPOILER ALERT***  Also cut was the process of removing the bile of the infant worm (The Water of Life).  It's origin is vital to understanding one facet of the planet's importance to the Bene Gesserit and the relationship between the worms and the mystical culture surrounding them.  Again, widescreen is nice but why, oh why, for a few cents' worth of tape, did they cut anything? The original, albeit in TV format, deserves a full row of stars.
B00005ATQ9|5.0|'Barry Lyndon' is that rare work of art, one which achieves what Walter Pater suggested all art aspired to: the condition of music.  Its thematic development is in counterpoint - the opening sequences announce the themes (fathers, duels, money/gambling, women, war etc.) that will be subjected to variations throughout.  The narrative movement is as hypnotic and static and abstract as its Baroque score.  The film is not just visual music, but a conflation of all the arts - cinema, literature, painting, pantomime, architecture etc. - creating one spellbinding Uber-artwork.<br />This is the ultimate Kubrick movie, the one where all his concerns coalesce and reach perfection - the rise and fall of a hubristic masculine hero; the conflict between a criminal outsider and a society that will legitimate criminality to defend itself; the need for the individual to wear masks to play society at its own game, and the profound loss of identity this entails; the farce of war; the tension between historical time, in which society and Great Events function, and a circular, Purgatorial time, where the hero is doomed to repeat his mistakes; the failure of the Enlightenment, the impossibility of change and the regression to tribalism and barbaric rituals; the possibility of salvation and redemption.<br />All Kubrick films are schizophrenic, sometimes to their detriment.  Here, he manages to pull off a film that is at once philosophically serious and an emotional and hilarious character study.  'Barry Lyndon' is also one of the few historical films that represents its world on its own cultural terms - the inertia, the tableaux, the pageantry are all true to the 18th century.  <br />A final word of praise for Ryan O'Neal.  There is a mistaken belief that great acting consists in excesses of emotion and grotesque gestures.  Rather, it lies in formal subservience to a film's mise-en-scene.  O'Neal does this generously and brilliantly, and rewards Kubrick with one of the finest performances in the cinema, one that always has me blubbing like a big baby.
B00005J6UP|2.0|The Goonies is such an excellent movie and all but the DVD was a disappointment. The picture and sound is fantastic but it's just that not all the deleted scenes are here. There are only 4 deleted scenes and they are the Stop'N Snack, the Data binocular part, the octopus, and the scene where Chunk and Sloth come to the cave with spikes. We are still missing the Steph and Mouth plank scene, the leech/oath scene, the scene where Mikey and Mouth save Data as he slips on the log, and the scene where Data blows up. The second disappointing this is that the deleted scenes that are on the DVD aren't even in the movie. They are sperate which is bad cause when you view them it starts off just from there so it's hard to know what part of the movie they originally were in.
B00003CXDV|3.0|I didn't really 'get' 'Galaxy Quest' because I've never seen 'Star Trek', and have no desire to (although my wife's a fan, and she didn't think this was very funny).  I'm not too enamoured of the actors involved either, although Sam Rockwell is splendid as the Everyman guiding us through the tricky switches between 'fantasy' and 'reality'.  <br />But 'Quest' is available to more than just Trekkies or Tim Allen admirers.  The (presumably) intentionally tacky set-designs yield some real flourishes (the berillium (sic?) island; the nightmarish climax).  Best of all for those who felt cheated by the 'Borges' comparisons thrown at 'Being John Malkovich', is a truly vertiginous conflation of time, narrative and identity, so that by the end, yuo're about as close to the Garden of Forking Paths as you'll ever be in Hollywood.
B00002E233|1.0|a dump fun mindless movie. people test sharks and they give them a pill that makesthem smart. then the mans arm is bitten off thats were it all begins.and the shark breaks a glass in the lab and water goes everywhere and we see who makes it to the top.animation sharks are what the really look like. samul l jackson dosent make it which you herd was a bad part it is. i would of not of expected it until one of my dads friends were talking about how bad it was and told me about what he said and the shark attack. and a girl told me it was stupid and told me about the arm part. fun to wath on a rainy day dome no good.stupid better than python and crocodile thats it.
B000002ADT|5.0|First, please take as read another rave review of this amazing album.  It is one of the few celebrated works of art that lives up to the hype and then goes a few steps beyond.  This was the first jazz album I listened to, and I only wish I'd had a bit of advice as to what to listen to next - I thought just buying a few other Miles' albums and a few of Coltrane's would do, but this proved a bit tough, given the huge range of styles covered  - in fact, this approach probably slowed my appreciation of jazz - for me at least it was just too difficult to assimilate the divergence from the sound presented on 'Kind of Blue' - even 'Sketches of Spain', recorded not long after, is a completely different soundscape.  So here, with the benefit of initial years of pain, suffering, bewilderment, and, ultimately, yet more years of joy and ecstatic immersion, are a few recommendations as to what to try next - 'Somethin' Else', Cannonball Adderley;  'Saxophone Colossus', Sonny Rollins;  'Ella and Louis Again', Ella Fitzgerald and Louis Armstrong; 'My Favorite Things', John Coltrane;  'Ahmad's Blues', Ahmad Jamal;  'Search for the New Land', Lee Morgan; 'Let Freedom Ring', Jackie McLean; 'Whistle Stop', Kenny Dorham; 'Live at the Blue Note' (Disc III) Keith Jarrett - I think these albums, some more than others, move in the same musical world as 'Kind of Blue' and should be accessible (which is not to say that any album recreates the unique mood captured on this masterpiece (oops, I'm raving))...oh, and if you're interested, what did I in fact buy next? : 'The Major Works of John Coltrane', and 'Miles Smiles' - great albums, but a bit of a jump (i.e. across the Grand Canyon).
B00003CXCT|5.0|....In my view, the Star Wars Saga (not maybe, not some) are the greatest movies ever created. They set the tone for future classics and completely changed our view on movies forthcoming. They changed the film industry due to the dazzlingly brilliant special effects and opened up a whole new world to us! A world which we will love and treasure forever! I know one thing I cannot wait for Episodes II and III! And when the Saga is complete I will be buying the complete Star Wars DVD Box Set. That would be 6 movies, but 7 discs (special features disc)! All hail, George Lucas!
B000000993|4.0|The reason I give this four stars instead of five it for a couple reasons.  Mainly, it just isn't up to the standards set by nima and now Lateralus.  But Tool's worst is still better than most band's best.  The other reason is that there isn't quite enough variety on Undertow.  It can be easy to confuse songs if you aren't paying real close attention.  Those things aside, it is still a great album.  Maynard's voice is excellent, and the band doesn't mind picking many mature themes for its songs.  I highly recomend this...just not as much as their other albums.
0060934700|4.0|This anthology is a testimony to the fabulous abilities of Neil Gaiman. Masterful storytelling fills this volume, with such short stories as &quot;We can get them for you wholesale,&quot; &quot;Goldfish pond and other stories&quot;, and &quot;Snow, Glass, Apple.&quot;  I feel the only shortcoming of the book is the inclusion of a few poems, which I found to be either ineffectual or uninteresting. But I'm not a big fan of poetry either, so others may enjoy this more easily than I.  All in all though, this is a very fulfilling read, and you'll marvel at the depths of Gaiman's imagination.
B00000099Y|5.0|This is not only my favorite Tool album, but my favorite album of all time.  Not much I can say about it, only that Maynard's voice is beautiful whether he is whispering or screaming.  The guy is amazing.  Every member of the band is the &quot;Jack of their trade&quot;, so to speak.  This album is quite varied, with sounds to please many different ears.  Be aware though, if you are a fan of 'Nu-Metal', it is highly unlikely that you'll like this.
0441003257|5.0|This is the funniest book I've ever read. Period. Nothing better. Hitchhiker's guide is great. I love the Princess Bridge. There's lots of others. But they don't touch this book. Neil Gaiman is one of our best storytellers. Pratchet has a handle on Adams' style humor. Together they've created the single most insightful, intelligent and hilarious take on Armageddon out there.  My ribs hurt after reading this book.  In the good way. This book should be the cure for suicidal tendicies. You can't hate life after reading this book.
0805062971|5.0|Let me just say that the book is much better than the movie...even though the movie is still great (if it weren't for the movie, I'd have never discovered Palahniuk).  The book goes into more detail on Project Mayhem, and some of the parts are just left out of the movie (good parts, at that).  After you read this you'll be asking yourself before you buy anything &quot;Do I really NEED this?&quot;
B00004Y6TQ|4.0|I fgure if your reading this by now, you have just watched the movie, found Bjork through another release, maybe the new one, Vespertine. But if your wondering about this recording, just buy it. But I will tell you, even if you have seen the movie, you might not like it the first time you hear it. But that's ok, that's normal. I am a HUGE bjork fan and I react to every recording this way. But don't give up, don't fight it, let the music sink in, eventually you will be singing along at the top of your lungs!...<br />You will probably also read how the music differs a bit from as it appears in the movie. This the soundtrack of how Selma heard the music in her mind so yah it's a little slicker. No matter,  it's still all there. One more word of caution, if you found the movie to be very effecting, as most do, the soundtrack might conjour up some feelings again. I couldn't listen to this disc for a few weeks after watching the movie, I teared up everytime. Ok Good Luck and God Bless Bjork!
0385501560|5.0|I won't spoil any of the plot for you (I'm going to guess that you've already read all about it by now), so I'll just say a few things.  First, this is Chuck Palahniuk's most \\"hopeful\\" book.  While I love his past three books, it is kind've refreshing to get some hope thrown into his mix.  Second, Victor is a lot like Tender.  If you like Survivor (the book, not that ... show), you should like this as well.  Third, this is CP's funniest book, as long as you don't get offended by strong sexual content.  Highly recomended.
B00004Y9PP|3.0|VIN DIESEL takes action after a starship spaceship crew crashlands on a mysterious planet where creatures roam only at night.  When the eclyipse hits at 22 years to the dot, the planet goes pitch black, and the crew must fight to survive the man eating beasts.<br />MY REVIEW:<br />&quot;When buying this movie, I thought it was going to be great.  There wasn't anything great about it at all.  Vin Diesel did pretty good, as did the rest of the cast of the film, besides all the swearing that came out of their mouths.  There is some action, no thrills, no chills, no spills, not much realism to the creatures, and when the films starts to pick up, it ends in like a half hour.  This film, I have to admit, was better than RED PLANET and MISSION TO MARS.  Enjoy some of the action that lies in this film, but forget the rest of the cheapness to the film.&quot;- MJV &amp; the Movies.
B00005B36H|5.0|Tool's sound is a little bit different for this album, not that that is a bad thing.  MJK's voice seems to be influenced a bit from A Perfect Circle, and the entire band just seems to be more melodic.  Hard to explain why I don't like it quite as much as nima, just personal taste, I suppose.  However, the beautiful, varied, multi-textured songs are still here, and it is a hell-of-a comeback for Tool.  I just hope they keep making albums for a long time to come.
B000059ZLH|3.0|First off, I do love DREAM-THEATER and the performance on this DVD is very good.  If you thought James Labrie's vocal performance on ONCE IN A LIVE TIME was below par(now that's an understatement) then you will be pleasantly surprised by his performance on this DVD.  It is not perfect by any means, but it is acceptable for the most part.  The rest of the band are pretty much flawless, as you would expect.  Now for the DVD itself, the picture quality is pretty good in my opinion, it's full screen, which is OK for a music DVD.  The picture can become a little bit pixalated in some of the split screen sections, but it's not a huge problem.  The big problem(one of them anyway), as just about everyone has stated, is in the sound.  Even allowing for the fact that it isn't 5.1, the volume is extremely low.  The volume control on my HI-FI goes up to 30, normally I would listen to a CD on about 17(which is fairly loud), with this disc I have to turn it up to about 25, which under normal circumstances would be shaking my house into the ground, and even at full volume it's just not that loud.  Plus, the mix isn't that good anyway, lacking in power and clarity,  probably the best mix I have heard of their recent live performances is on the THROUGH HER EYES CD single, even though it features James Labrie's worst performance ever, at least the music sounds good.  Now some more problems, the poorly acted and filmed narrative inserts that have been put in to explain the story are completely embarrassing, I am way to embarrassed to even show this DVD to people who aren't already fans, as they would probably leave the room in hysterics, an option to turn these on and off would have been greatly appreciated.  I watch the bonus tracks more often as they don't include any of these scenes and I can watch it without cringing.  Just take a look at the guy reading the newspaper during BEYOND THIS LIFE and tell me that that isn't one of the dodgiest things you've ever seen.  Near the end ofthe OK commentary track Mike Portnoy states that the scene on screen at the time is the one scene that he is not happy with, well I've got news for you Mike, there all terrible.  DREAM-THEATER fans will want to pick this up, but people just wanting to see what there like would be better off picking up one of their studio albums.
B0000214F3|5.0|This isn't your typical Hollywood blockbuster.  It's different, and different is good.<br />Everything about &quot;Meet Joe Black&quot; is different - the acting, the story, the humor.  It's a hard film to describe.<br />I still find the death, early in the film, unexpected and shocking (I won't say more for those who haven't seen the film).<br />You can't analyze the film too much or you won't enjoy it.<br />Death comes calling, in the form of Brad Pitt, and asks if Anthony Hopkins will show death around.  The attempts at humor, black as it may be at times, are very effective.  You expect a somber film but end up laughing.<br />Pitt's portrayal of death reminds one of a 30-year-old infant at times.  Hopkins does a marvelous job as the communication's executive William Parrish.  Claire Forlani is both beautiful to watch and believable as Parrish's daughter who falls in love with death personified.  Like I said, you can't analyze the film too deeply.<br />The story is refreshing. The acting is superb.  All around it's a different, yet highly enjoyable film.
B000005HFH|5.0|I discovered this album, and Chet Baker, on the beach, over a California red Zif, in the company of good friends.  As moderate jazz musician, I have since gone on to purchase many of Chet's albums...but this one is, to me, definitive Chet Baker.  Soft and airy, romantic and inviting...by candlelight, you cant help but dance to Chet's whispers. Nothing if not romantic, this album is forever on my list of \\"albums to get stuck on a deserted island with\\".
B00000K0DT|5.0|You simply can't beat the storyline and acting. I have to admit I was able to predict the ending when I first saw it, but just barely, the plot is very in depth and engrossing that everyone will enjoy it. The only drawback is the fact that the movie is not encoded in 5.1 Digital and not presented in a nicer DVD box.
B000002LGA|5.0|If it can be said of Lou Reed that he has put out some pretty awful stuff, it is equally true that he has been responsible for several of rock and roll's high points.  With New York, Lou hits heights not seen since the Velvet Underground.  Romeo Had Juliette is a simply stunning opener, hard-driving poetry set to a beautifully distorted guitar beat; Dirty Boulevard is justly famous for its &quot;Statue of Bigotry&quot; verse; and Strawman manages to be fiercely compassionate and just plain mean at the same time.  There are other highlights, but let it just be said that this, my friends, is rock and roll.
B00003CXXJ|5.0|I am a widower, and thought this movie would be enjoyable; the comedy turned out to be better than expected; I laughed so hard, and had to think fast to catch some of the &quot;inside&quot; jokes; this was fun for adults as well as kids!  In the end, I cried and cried because I relate to Shrek now that I am alone.  When this story ended up like Cinderella or Sleeping Beauty I couldn't believe it; I just cried.  I recommended it to everyone I know and they all enjoyed it, too.  I think the story is just so universally enjoyable it has to be an all time hit!
B00003CX5A|5.0|This is a horror film perhaps like no other.  With it's dramatic plot, combined with conspiracy, and flitted with romance, this is a movie you will not soon forget.      This unique movie takes you from 17th century(?) New York to a small country farming village with a dark secret, to the young detective's dreams.  The setting and line of characters (including the traditional witch and wicked stepmother right down to the well-meaning, but misunderstood amateur spell-caster)is just as original as the cast.  The skillful lighting and great resolution lend a hand to the originality.      Jonny Depp particularly adds to the enchantment with this well excecuted portrayal of his unusual character, Ichabod Craine.      To truly appreciate the long-known Sleepy Hollow legend on screen, you must experience it for yourself.
0060254920|5.0|I read this book when i was just starting school and i fell in love with it as a kid.  I now have a child of my own and i know this is the perfect book to begin to show her the adventure, suspence, and fun you can have with an imagination and reading.  i would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys to read and enjoys their child.
6305426694|5.0|Based on Jonathon Harr's best-selling book, A Civil Action is about a large company knowingly contaminating drinking water. After the citizens of the town convince  John Travolta a big-time undefeated attorney to represent them several more victims of irrational numbers of lekukimia die Travolta risks it all to put and end to the contaminating.
B000055Y0Y|5.0|This movie gets better everytime I watch it.  It catches a super look at a crazed citizen and how easy it is...in theory, for somebody to actually assassinate an American President.  John Malcovich, especailly, is AWESOME in this movie.  He plays a sick sick man who develops an obbession of death and killing the president of the United States.  Clint Eastwood plays one of the Presidents body guards in the secret service.  He has been on the force for a long time and he is struggleing with retirement.  When the two characters first meet we feel a tremendous rush of suspence and it holds us through the entire movie!  This is an exellent movie, sometimes overlooked.  A deffinate 5 star!
B00005BJ2O|4.0|Fun covers of some classic tunes.  Minus one star for not including the amazing &quot;Like a Virgin&quot; from the movie.
0393317552|4.0|Very informative and well written. However, the author's own experiences in his contacts with New Guinean hunter-gatherers may have led him to abandon his otherwise objective and critical views. We are all equal, but hunter-gatherers are more equal than others. Also, his account of the capture of the Aztec monarch by the Spanish draws upon data (for example, one the numerical odds and the relative importance of technological, epidemiological and cultural/political factors) which are by no means undisputed (see for example: George Raudzens, &quot;Main Reasons for Early Colonial Conquests, 1493-1788&quot;, in: G. Raudzens (ed.), Technology, Disease and Colonial Conquests, Sixteenth to Eighteenth Centuries: Essays Reappraising the Guns and Germs Theories. Leiden [etc.]: Brill, 2001, pp 31-57, which also refers to Diamond's book). Nevertheless, 'Guns, Germs, and Steel' presents a gripping narrative, especially the &quot;Speedboat to Polynesia&quot; chapter. It synthesizes information from vastly different fields that the average person wouldn't think of, and may prove an eye-opener to many.
B00004ZB9D|4.0|A great collection of songs that work well together. This is my first Lenny Kravitz CD, so it gave me a very good introduction to of his style of music. It's an interesting mixture. One minute I feel the anger in &quot;Mr. Cab Driver&quot; and then the energy of &quot;Black Velveteen&quot;.  This CD offers a whole range of styles, which is what makes it a fun album to listen to.
B00004RJ74|1.0|This movie was insultinly bad.  It went from a very involved crime story, which was potentially very good, to several terrible, terrible action sequences following one another.  How could anyone like this movie? How did they get such great actors to be in such a discustingly bad and rediculus movie?  Bottom line: The director should be put in jail for steeling thousands of people's time.
B00005J73X|4.0|Great Music by the band after a long comeback season. Check out the wild night song, it has a crunchy beat of hip-hop too.
0783226128|5.0|To say Scarface is a masterpiece is an understatement! The brilliance of Al Pacino's (Tony Montana) acting is breath taking. The movies storyline is great, but I think the greatest part is the directing. Brian De Palma has great vision, and if you havent seen Scarface, watch it, I guarantee you will understand how to appreciate great acting, superb casting, and even better directing! Scarface is an owner for any Pacino fan!!!
0679721037|5.0|At 8:15 am on August 6, 1945 the atomic bomb was dropped on Hiroshima. It detonated above a bridge, near a school. Instantly, temperatures at ground zero reached over 6000 degrees Fahrenheit. Flesh was seared from bone. People nearby were disintegrated, leaving nothing more than a shadow on the wall behind them. Unspeakable horrors were forced upon the survivors. John Hersey's Hiroshima tells their story.  The author's goal in crafting this novel is to give a memorable and accurate account of the bombing of Hiroshima that elicits thoughtful responses from the reader. The material is presented in an unbiased form. The reader is never told to view the bombing in a specific nature and the author's opinion is never revealed. One does not know if the author agrees or disagrees with the decision to drop the bomb on Hiroshima. The author also wants to make the reader think. The reader is invited to dwell on the moral issues of the bomb, as well as the ethics of war and issues of life and death. The reader is meant to see the survivor's as humans, not civilians or enemies. He makes the reader look at them as real people by not only telling what is going on around the person, but what emotions are going through their minds. In taking away the ability of the reader to view the subjects of the book as objects. He draws the reader into the survivor's minds making them feel what the reader feels and making them see what the reader sees. Suddenly the reader stops viewing the bombing of Hiroshima as an ending to a war and begins viewing it as a massive loss of human life. The bombing was in fact both, but many people forget that. The author does not want us to forget, and after reading this book it is impossible.  In writing the book the author relies mainly on the accounts of the survivors. At times he will inject snippets of facts to tie together parts of the story and tell what else was going on at the time of the reader's account. In delivering the accounts many questions on morality and ethics are brought up. The question of the morality of the bomb is brought up many times from each survivor's point of view, but shares equal time with a meditation off the morals of war itself. A colleague of one survivor, who also experienced the bombing, remarks towards the different opinions of the survivors that \\"Some of us consider the bomb in the same category as poison gas and were against its use on a civilian population. Others were of the opinion that in total war, as carried on in Japan, there was no difference between civilians and soldiers, and that the bomb itself was an effective force tending to end the bloodshed, warning Japan to surrender and thus to avoid total destruction. It seems logical that he who supports total war in principle cannot complain of a war against civilians. The crux of the matter is whether total war in its present form is justifiable, even when it serves its purpose.\\" (90) These are the main questions addressed in the text. At times the opinions of the people giving their accounts are shown, but never forced on you. It is always made clear that the opinions shown are simply the survivor's opinions, and are not shared by everyone. The story is exquisitely painted on a lush visual canvas. The reader is invited to marvel at the power of the bomb, while gawking at its horrific affects as seen through the eyes of survivors. The stories are described so vividly that it is not unusual to feel a wave of nausea after reading a passage with truly gruesome content. The book is written from a combination of an omniscient and third person viewpoint giving it a scope of epic proportions. The events are looked upon with an unerring eye of truth that neither judges nor attempts to justify. It is very well written in a style that provokes emotional responses without even attempting to. The book is a success. It is a finely crafted novel that, without warning, plunges the reader in to the horrific events of the bombing of Hiroshima. When reading it, one feels as though living a nightmare. I was captivated by the sheer brutality of the situation. In fact, the imagery, at times, is so harsh that one feels the need to stop reading and mourn the tragic loss of life. The survivors of the bomb were forced into inhuman situations, such as choosing who receives medical attention, and the reader feels morally responsible for their decisions. The book made me reflect on life itself. I would sometimes stop to contemplate on the issues that arise from the text. The author succeeds in burning the events into the reader's mind. Never will I forget the horror experienced as a result of the bomb. Not a day goes by that the images of piles of corpses or flesh sliding off a dieing body flash through my mind. The pain and suffering of the survivors is forever engraved in my memory. Though short, it is by no means an easy book to read. The situations are shocking and the gruesomeness is sometimes overwhelming. It is painful to read, yet, as hard as I tried to look away my eyes did not leave the page. I devoured each word. Anyone with the ability to read, at any level, should read this book. Sometimes a passage needs to be repeated, by all readers, to get the entire impact of what the author is revealing. The worst thing that the survivors could experience is the world forgetting what happened to them. This book does not allow one to forget. This is a must read.
B00003CY0V|3.0|Swordfish really took me by suprise. I didnt really expect as much as I got. Hugh Jackman actually shows how good of an actor he is, as well as John Travolta is awsome as always. If you just want to see a good action flick go and rent this, its even better in theaters!
0679721037|5.0|The author's intent in writing this book is to give an accurate report of a forgotten battle. The battle in question was of a \\"peacekeeping\\" nature and was the longest sustained firefight since Vietnam. It took place in Mogadishu, Somalia after a failed raid to capture a warlord in the way of \\"peacekeeping.\\" It happened only a few short years ago, but has already slipped from the public eye. The intent of the author is to shed new light on the battle of Mogadishu and bring it back into the public eye. He also intends to question America's military credibility and the values of the supposed \\"peacekeeping\\" missions. He intends to make the reader question the value of sending troops into areas of civil unrest strictly to establish order. What usually results is a bloody conflict taking many lives and injuring multiple people. Is it right for America to continually do this? Is it necessary? Has it done any good? Is it sheer arrogance to think that the United States can bring peace to the world? Is it futile to try? Can democracy and government be forced on to an unwilling people? Were the lives lost completely unnecessary? Did the men who died sacrifice their lives for nothing? The author's intent is not to answer these questions for us, but to make sure they are being asked. To summarize all of this, the author's intent in writing this book is to give an accurate account of modern war while bringing a forgotten battle into the public eye and provoking thoughtful inquiries into the merits of peacekeeping actions from the reader.  The author goes about his task by giving an accurate account of the events before, during, and after the battle between the U.S. military and the people of Mogadishu after a failed raid to capture their leader. We are invited to view these events though various accounts of what people are experiencing. Sometimes one event is told many times, at different angles. We experience what the individuals are experiencing, both physically and mentally.If a soldier is shot we are not just told that he was shot. We are told where the bullet entered, what damage it did and where it exited along with what the person was thinking before, after and during being shot. We are drawn directly into the minds of the soldiers. We are told why they fight, how they fight, what they are thinking, who their families are, their favorite things to do at the base, their personality, their goals for the future and much more. There is an extreme amount of detail. The reader feels as though they really know and understand the people in the book. There is no main character or clear enemy. There is no good or bad side. This is an account of what happened, from all points of view, including those fighting against U.S. soldiers. Although sometimes gruesome, the violence is completely necessary. It is not glorified and it is not accepted as necessary. It is simply shown and deciding the merits of it is left to the reader. The brutality of war and it's effect on the human mind make the reader not only question the necessity of the situation, but the value of armed conflicts altogether. Along with the frequent third person individual perspectives and questioning of the morals of war is the occasional description of military life. These semi-flashbacks give the reader a greater understanding as to how and why the soldiers think and react the way they do. Before each chapter is a map or pictures that give the reader a vague idea of where the events are taking place and what things look like.. The combination of pictures, maps, flashbacks and frequently switching individual accounts takes the reader to the crowded streets of Mogadishu, where all hell is breaking loose. This can all be called an omniscient minute by minute narrative that the author uses to accomplish his task.  This book is a success. It is easily read and entertaining while being factual and true to its task of war reporting. It is gripping and spellbinding and I could not put it down. I found myself easily relating to the men in the battle and their resulting emotions. The harsh imagery made me feel as though I was in the battle myself. I was drawn into the book. The author accomplishes his task of accurately explaining modern warfare and not letting us forget the events in Somalia that took place only a few years ago, yet most people do not remember. Those who read this book will always remember. I was persuaded of nothing that I did not find entirely by myself. The author never tried to persuade the reader of anything more than that the events actually happened. However, the book actually persuaded me that the conflict was unnecessary and did no good. The tribal system of Somalia was not equal to all and cannot be replaced by force. The book made me angry at the futility of the struggle and the unnecessary massive loss of life. These events did not have to happen. They did no good. The author never tried to persuade me of this, but accomplished it indirectly. What other conclusion can be drawn from the facts? This indeed was a book that needed to be written. America is not invincible and is not always right. It was a bad decision to send troops to Somalia. The men who died did not die for a good reason. Their self-sacrifice accomplished nothing. Read this book. This book makes you question which side is right. This book makes you question the morals of war. This book makes you question the arrogance of the United States of America. This book makes you turn away in disgust at the depths that humanity descends to. This book is a shocking account of a futile battle that will never be won. This book needs to be read.
6303402348|5.0|A fantastic and sweet story of telling one's life.  Tom Hanks was great in this.  Great one-liners that will forever be remembered.  Great computer work.
0393317552|2.0|The author's intent in writing Guns, Germs, and Steel is to explain how the different peoples of the world came to be the way they are. His intent is to prove his own belief that the reason mankind is the way it is because of its geography. By geography it means that different geographical areas with varying climates and natural resources directly influenced the path that mankind took in becoming the way it is today. It is, in a way, an attempt to explain human history in a way that it could have been predicted. However, it is arrogant to think that it was man's destiny to be this way. It is arrogant to think that the Spaniards were meant to conquer the Inca's and Aztec's and not have the Inca's conquer them.  Luckily, the author points this out and makes it his intent to discover why it is not the other way around. If the events that are told are factual, he came upon the idea of explaining human history when a politician from New Guinea named asked him why the white man discovered such technological wonders instead of, say, a New Guinea highlander. The author realizes that most answers given would seem racist and sets out to discover why. Basically, he intends to answer Yali's question.  He intends to look at human history as a science. He intends to only make assumptions based on scientific evidence and on a basis of solid genetics and logic. He intends to write a book to end all history books. He intends to give an argument so solid, so carefully planned, that no one could possibly argue with it. He intends to think of every possibility and examine every one of them to finalize its validity. In short, he intends to write a history of man that explains how we became the technology driven, world controlling, diverse peoples that we are.  The author goes about explaining humanity by carefully examining every theory as to why different cultures in different regions evolved so differently from each other. Naturally the first thing he disproves is that there is a difference genetically in the peoples themselves. His discoveries prove quite contrary to the racist beliefs of the past. Modern medicine has taken the \\"civilized\\" world out of natural selection. However, the \\"uncivilized\\" portion of the world is still very much at nature's whim. Natural selection certainly doesn't favor the stupid or weak, so genetically the \\"uncivilized\\" are probably far superior to the \\"civilized\\". Analysis based on logic such as this takes up most of the book. Eventually the author settles that the turning point in deciding uncivilized versus civilized for a society is when that society adopted agriculture and a sedentary lifestyle. He deduces that a sedentary, agricultural lifestyle encouraged technological advancements and allowed for population growth and expansion. A certain amount of land can support more agricultural people then hunter-gatherer people. Through sheer numbers agriculture and therefore \\"civilization\\" spread across the world. Naturally the areas to discover agriculture first became more advanced quicker. Therefore natural resources played a big role. However, for this to be accepted as fact one must first analyze why agriculture arose in some areas and not others, how plants are domesticated and so on and so forth. Every explanation leads to ten more needed explanations which leads to 100 more explanations which continues for a couple hundred pages. Everything is thought of and no detail or factor of human history is left out, right down to how plants were probably domesticated through surprises found in excretions, the main way plants go about spreading from place to place. The details are accompanied by numerous graphs, tables, maps and pictures, which either repeat the details or explain them even more. The author goes about his task so meticulously and carefully that the details begin to bog everything down. Where the author is going with the information or why he is explaining so many details is often never explained. Some details seem unnecessary and irrelevant. Whatever point the author is trying to make is often lost in the details. The author goes about his task of explaining humanity by analyzing events in history and going into great detail as to how we came to be the way we are. However, the way it feels is that the author wants to bore the reader into submission in believing his view.  The book is successful in what it was trying to accomplish, in that it logically explains how humanity came to be the way it is. However, it is not successful in being at all enjoyable. I felt as though I was being bombarded with facts and smothered with useless information. I suppose I was persuaded to believe that geography and its contributing factors lead to humanity being the way it is, but does it really matter? Were the hours I spent reading this book at all necessary? Was this book necessary? This book leaves me with questions like that. This book leaves me unsatisfied. Not once did it even try to answer or even pose the question as to whether civilized or uncivilized life is better. Not once does it attempt to tackle whether civilized life is more worthwhile or enjoyable or more rewarding. It seems to only answer questions that it can answer and avoid all that it can't. It seems afraid to try to answer questions of a more philosophical nature. The book concentrates so much on being only facts that it bored me to death. It hides from speaking opinions so much that it also hides from being even remotely interesting. Opinions may at times be controversial, but they are never boring. How this book won the Pulitzer Prize I do not know. This book was a boring collection of facts and logic. I would advise the reader of this review to ignore this book completely. Don't read this book unless you are in desperate need of a long nap.
B000002X1O|3.0|I had to knock this album down a star because of poor sound. There is no crispness in it. Too bad to, because this is a fine piece of work from start to finish. Grace Slick gives some of her finest vocal work ever here. Sketches Of China is an incredible cut and the best on the album. The title comes from David Crosby's pet names for Grace Slick and Paul Kantner. David Freiberg is also on board for this effort, which gives us a preview of what the Jefferson Starship was going to sound like. A really curious thing was that the Airplane albums at this time were very weak, partially because Marty Balin jumped ship, but not completely. Yet Kanter and Slick were turning out several fine things together and solo. This album was out of print for years and I am very glad it is back, I just wished they could have cleaned up the sound.
B00004XQP4|5.0|The first time i listened to this cd, i was ready to get rid of it.  It was absolutely nothing at all like their previous cd's or their first single &quot;Minority.&quot;  But after listening to it several times, i realized that this indeed was a great cd.  Although some of the songs were slower and lacked the hype that their previous releases had, the songs had deeper messages and more variety.  If you only liked Green Day for their punkiness in their previous cds, then don't get this.  But if you like quality music with an occasional punk flavor, this is a must buy.  Some of the best songs are Waiting, Castaway, Minority, and Church on Sunday.
0345363132|5.0|This is one of the best books I have ever read.  As a bibliophile with a degree in history, I have to say that this book, along with Penman's Here Be Dragons series, have truly had an influence not only on my personal reading preferences but also on my perception of history.  This book made me realize that historians are not always correct, and the victors really do tell the tale.  Richard III has been dehumanized throughout the centuries until he is known as being almost impossibly cruel and evil.  Penman shows us a very plausible picture of a man struggling against circumstances and his own values in a morally difficult situation--not the murdering monster that he has been branded. Well written, amazing historical details, memorable and human characters, and a rich descriptive narrative make this a truly amazing book.
B00003CXQY|5.0|One of the best Disney Films of all time. It's not Snow White or Beauty And The Beast or The Little Mermaid, but it wasn't meant to be like those films. It's a fun flat out comedy and it stands impressively well on its' own! Animation is superb, high quality and very well designed, Beautiful Backgrounds and Effects, Simple Story told very well and Hilarious Jokes keep the movie moving at a fast pace. Excellent perfomances by David Spade, John Goodman and especially Patrick Warburton with a stand out performance by Eartha Kitt make this film an absolute hoot! Director Mark Dindal jam packs this film full of wonderful entertainment which is terrific for repeat viewing. There's not too many films that I can view over and over, so believe me... it's that good. Ultimate Grooves' supplementary features,  produced by Jeff Kurtii, are excellent as well and maintain some of the goofiness of the feature film. Like most of the people here, I skipped this movie when it came out in theatres and now realize what a mistake that was. I urge you to buy the DVD, not only because it is terrific entertainment but because it will show Disney that we'd like to see more pictures like this one.
B000059MEK|5.0|Daft Punk's new CD, Discovery, is a wonderful display of Techno that you not only can dance to but you can also listen to with your headphones.  Discovery is not only lyricly well written but the catchy rythem's make you want to grove and move like you would in a club no matter where you are.  Hit songs like &quot;One More Time,&quot; &quot;Aerodynamic,&quot;(which is featured in the 20th Anniversary of MTV commercials) and &quot;Digital Love&quot; (which the boys of Daft Punk appear in the Gap commicial featuring this song) are featured on this wonderful CD.  If you like Techno, dance music or just have a real broad music range and like something new and different I suggest you atleast listen and buy this wonderful CD!
B00005KFUM|4.0|Those who read the reviews for Muse's first album, Showbiz, might have noticed a trend about how promising the band was at this early stage and that if they were to put out a new album, it would probably be really good. They were right.<br />While Showbiz was a chance for Muse to experiment and find their own sound, it was more of a beginning to a long musical journy than a completed thought. Origin of Symmetry is Muse fully tuned and in complete control of their own sound. The result, the songs are much more powerful and Muse's raw talent shines hard on all tracks.<br />The classical influence in this album is undeniable. While Muse has always shown themselves talented in incorporating classical styles into their music, this albums riffs and chord progressions are much more mature. The sound is sharper, crisper, and more organized into a musical image.<br />Muse is definitley not for everyone, but chances are if you're reading this review to begin with, you should own this cd. I still think we haven't seen Muse playing at the top of their game yet and that the next album will probably send ripples through the music industry....but we live in the present and this album is more than worth owning before, after, and during said future event.
B00001U0DP|5.0|This is one of the best and most creative films ever made. Totally inventive in concept, the story revolves around an exuberant and romantic Italian man named Guido, who also happens to be Jewish. He sweeps the woman of his dreams, his \\"Principessa\\", off her feet. They marry and have an adorable little boy whom they dearly love. Unfortunately, this all happens during World War II in fascist Italy.<br /><br />Ultimately, Guido and their son are whisked away to a concentration/work camp on their young son's birthday. Meanwhile, his wife and the boy's mother, coming home and expecting to find a birthday celebration in progress, discovers, instead, that the inevitable has occurred. She tracks them down to the train that is taking prisoners to a work camp and, after confirming that they are on board, insists upon boarding the train herself, so that she may remain close to them. They see her board the train and know that she is with them.<br /><br />In order to get his son through this horror as best he can, Guido tells his son that they are involved in a real life game to win a tank, knowing that the boy had wanted a toy tank for his birthday. Talk about a reality survival game! In any case, his son is young enough to fall for it and gets with the program as only the very young can. What follows is a series of inventive scenarios which tells the viewer of the lengths that the father goes in order to keep his son quiet, obedient, entertained, and safe from harm. All along, the father has his son believing in the game and playing to win, to the point that the boy believes that they are actually in first place to win the tank.<br /><br />While this may sound like an odd venue in which to find oneself laughing, that is exactly what the viewer does. At the same time, the film is achingly poignant, and the end is infinitely sad. Guido is played to perfection by comedic star and filmmaker Roberto Benigni, who also directed this masterpiece. His on screen wife and comedic foil is played by his real life main squeeze, Nicoletta Braschi. The son is played with wondrous innocence by the totally adorable Giorgio Cantarini. This is an award caliber film that saw Benigni deservedly capture Oscars for Best Actor and Best Foreign Language Film.<br /><br />All in all, this film will leave the viewer both laughing and crying. It is simply a great movie. Bravo!s played by his real life main squeeze, Nicoletta Braschi. The son is played with wondrous innocence by the totally adorable Giorgio Cantarini. This is an award caliber film that saw Benigni deservedly capture Oscars for Best Actor and Best Foreign Language Film.<br /><br />All in all, this film will leave the viewer both laughing and crying. It is simply a great movie. Bravo!
0380789019|5.0|This is one of the most beautiful updated versions of Alice in Wonderland I've ever seen. If you are into the goth/industrial scene, or are just a fan of dark fiction, this is a must see!! BTW, last I heard Jim Henson Studios was working on this one.
0783225881|5.0|Having just seen John Cusack in Say Anything a week before and followed up with Field of Dreams I just had stop selling stereo and work in movies. I said a little prayer and out of the blue two days later I got a call to work on Total Recall.  I know its sounds as improbable as following a vision to build a baseball field in your cornfield but its true. But my little life is beside the point.  This is a terrific film with sentiment and warmth on par with the great classics of Frank Capra. This film washes its themes of baseball and following your dreams with unabashed romance that makes you want to believe in the impossible for a couple swell hours.       As much as I would like to wax nostalgic over the joys of watching Field of Dreams, I have a more important message to relay.  Universal has been holding a lot of its great and not-so-great titles hostage for unreasonably high prices out of step with the rest of the marketplace for too long and its time to call them to the carpet for it. Field of Dreams is one of the worst inflation examples for a modern film as the DVD was released back in 1998. But the saddest thing is older classics and non-classics are difficult to collect. Because given the choice between buying three new films with great sound and in depth features from other studios vs. buying two older Universal titles for the same cash outlay, as much as I would like to own films like Bride of Frankenstein I tend to go for quantity and value. As one fan of Field of Dreams the message I would like to whisper in the ear of Universal DVD sales execs is &quot;If you lower them, we will buy.&quot;
B000002MJC|5.0|A Fantastic album that YOU the music fan\lover\hater must have. This album have 10 fantastic and very well composed songs. A very diverse record that touches upon rock,gospel,soul,industrial,electronica,ambient,classical but sounds exactley like DM. There is Not a reason to Not check out this album. In my words this is the most Important Album of all time!!
6305013578|1.0|Tinted and intoned with rock music most memorably by Queen, Moroder's version should have offended Metropolis fans everywhere. But instead it is chosen by most as the best way to watch Metropolis and I agree. It is the best looking and most pleasant way to view this film. As important and visually exciting a film as it is, a lot of it can be quite a chore to sit through and the modern touches add a lot to make the experience more enjoyable. As you can read from the rest of the Amazon kingdom, other versions of the film are relatively atrocious. You won't regret waiting a while to see the new disc.  For purists there is no reason you can't turn down the color and turn off the sound. Moroder's version is Metropolis for the masses.
B000002BHE|5.0|My mom's friend got me this cd and it's great!! It beat's all of my other cd's i have by Mrs.Dion. It is Superb cd=) My Favourite tracks are, Make You Happy, and I Love You!!!=) I love all other song's but the two above are my fav's. Well i highly say ,&quot;GET THIS CD NOW&quot; C Ya.
6305079900|5.0|Buy if you must but this version has been out since 1997 and a great new version is coming in October with plenty of extras and a new anamorphic widescreen print. Here are the good things in store for those who wait. Two featurettes entitled \\"Other Voices: Back Through Time\\" and \\"The Making of The Terminator: A Retrospective documentary\\", 7 deleted scenes with optional audio commentary by writer/director James Cameron, storyboards and stills galleries (James Cameron Artwork, Production Photos, Stan Winston Effects, Fantasy II: Visual Effects and Publicity Materials), James Cameron's original story treatment, teaser trailer, theatrical trailer, international trailer, 2 TV spots, DVD-ROM features (including \\"script-to-screen\\"), Easter eggs. WOW!!!...
630291423X|2.0|Remember those homemade tapes you had of the series when it aired originally? Unless your cable went on the fritz or you forgot to hit the record button after the commercial break, the copies were good enough to satisfy your cravings for cherry pie, a cup of joe and the whole wacky Twin Peaks gang.  Hopefully you never lost them but if you did...Hurray! Because someone found your copies and dubbed them and over dubbed them and packaged them into this really poor quality set from some company called &quot;Worldvision&quot; A company who likes to re-sell garbage from your curb back to you. If you're desperate like me, don't have a DVD player, and are wary of e-bay, this unfortunately is your only alternative.
0440234743|4.0|The story was intriguing, and the ending was totally unpredictable.  That was what made the whole thing come together.
6305807086|5.0|This is definitely one of the best movies of 1999.  It was so interesting.  But a movie being interesting is not the most important features for a movie to have.  All movies need to be creative.  And 'Being John Malkovich' is one of the most creative movies of all time.  Just the idea of having a 7 1/2 floor with the ceilings so low was enough to have a creative score of 10/10.  Then, there's the whole idea of going into John Malkovich's brain and seeing through his eyes.      John Cusack is the main character (other than the obvious, John Malkovich).  Even though he's sort of the main character, his character is the most boring of the four (Cusack, Malkovich, Catherine Keener, and Cameron Diaz).  Catherine Keener is what keeps the whole movie going.  Her presence, whether having sex with Malkovich and Diaz or Malkovich and Cusack or running 8 months pregant from a crazy Cameron Diaz with a gun, Keener is always the scene-stealer and definitely deserved that Oscar nod for Best Supporting Actress.      And yes, in case you're wondering, that really was Cameron Diaz.  Why her hair was all frizzy and hanging down her face I don't know.  But she was also excellent as a pet-obssed wife of John Cusack.  Seeing her locked in that animal cage with her mouth taped shut was heartbreaking.  And it made you laugh to hear her explain how good it felt to be having sex with Catherine Keener's character through John Malkovich's body.      This movie is intelligent, funny, creative, and it's one that you have to see.  It's not boring but it's not an action flick.  There's really not any violence, except for the gun-shooting scene near the end, and only a little profanity.  I completely recommend this movie to everyone.
6305280762|5.0|The world's tallest building is on fire-and it's a biggie, it's hard to be fought. The people inside the building are in a panic. Fire spreads everywhere-and the firefighters must get 300 people out of the building...Smell the tension. This movie was awesome. It's so realistic, so captivating. The action seaquences were great (Okay, they aren't better than &quot;Backdraft&quot;'s, but they're cool). The actors were great. Great story. Great suspence. Everything. If you want to see a great disaster movie-see &quot;The Towering Inferno&quot;. I guarentee you, it'll be a blast.
B00004Y6RO|5.0|As an Attack pilot in the military we are sort of aggressive individuals. Slipknot fuels that aggression even more. I love this band and can't wait for the harder, darker IOWA! Keep it up guys!
0385474547|4.0|In reading Hiroshima, the author, John Hersey enlightens the reader about the tragedy of the first atomic bomb ever dropped on a city at the exact point at which it hits the town of Hiroshima, 8:15 a.m. on August 6, 1945.  Hersey wrote this book to show the strength of the human spirit.  The story is told though the eyes of six survivors that were fortunate enough to escape death.  These six civilians discuss their own story of how they managed to survive and keep on going against all odds. Against illnesses, deformities, the human suffering around them, poverty, unlivable conditions, and also getting through a time of discrimination.  Even though these six people were injured themselves they still helped the more unfortunate ones that were not as luck as they were.  These human beings were willing to live, even after experiencing one of the worst moments in their lives.  The survivors had to carry on their own personal lives through their will to survive overcoming their obstructions.  They had to go through the rest of their lives with the physical and emotional pain brought to them by the bomb. The six characters lived different lives both before and after the bomb, but were all compelled through the tragedy they suffered and their drive to overcome and live.   The morning of August 6, 1945 was one that many people will not forget. Everything was going to plan and people were out doing their normal thing when at 8:15 a bright flash of light covered the whole area.  Few could have anticipated its potential devastation.  The author let the reader meet the survivors and the reader was put into their shoes.  Hersey uses these six characters to show the horror of what really happened when the atomic bomb struck.  Miss Toshiko Sasaki, a young single woman who broke her leg and was left unattended to had the drive to go on after being maimed and abandoned by her fianc to become a nun.  Mrs. Hatsuyo Nakamura had a courageous struggle to keep herself and her children alive, forced to work laborious jobs earning barely enough for food.  She became very weak due to the exposure to radiation making her rest from work more often than she is use to.  Dr. Terufumi Sasaki was the only doctor to survive in his hospital completely unharmed.  He became aware of his good fortune and provided medical help for thousands of injured victims.  He had worked for days with no rest trying to save the lives of those who had not as been as fortunate as he had.  Years later he died regretting that he had been unable to do more.  Dr. Masakazu Fujii had been injured too greatly to help attend to patients, but later went on to fight for peace and raise funds for a variety of projects in the name of the Hiroshima victims.  Father Wilhelm Kleinsorge was a German priest who was compelled to work beyond his condition in an attempt to rescue his fellow priests and friends.  Kiyoshi Tanimoto, a pastor, helped hundreds by transporting wounded civilians and bringing supplies to and from Asano Park.  John Hersey wrote the book through first hand accounts not only after the bomb was dropped, but almost forty years later to update on the survivors.  Hersey really cares about the story of these six people.  He is fascinated with what they have to say and to hear their life story and visits them forty years later to see how they are doing now.  The way Hersey uses these people to tell the story is a creative way of writing and is very intimate. This book was a very detailed and smooth flowing book.  Since his resources were so direct the book seemed to put the reader in the shoes of these six survivors.  The reader stays with the story as each individual tells his or her own personal interaction.  Hersey takes the reader though every encounter that each individual comes across and how each individual manages to keep on going and not give up no matter how tough the situations might be.  Yet he also manages to keep the reader wanting to know more and go deeper into thistragic, however heroic story.  This book is a good investment in reading; it is educational, but also very emotional.  Hersey takes the reader though the six survivors accounts with pain and agony, but leaves the reader with a greater understanding of human capabilities and the wisdom that the drive to survive cannot be bounded by language or nationality.  This book is without doubt worth reading because it shows the human beings' motivation to live, even after experiencing one's worst time in life.  I highly recommend this story of six of the bravest and courageous people that had to experience one of the worst times of their life and now have to live with the affects brought on to them by it.
B00003CXPD|1.0|One does try as hard as one can to avoid the working classes, although poverty and lack of transport make this problematic.  If curiosity about how they actually live their lives gets the better of one then what safer way than home video?  My last such glimpse into a strange and unfamiliar world was through Ken Loach's 'Kes', in which a frustrated and alienated young boy, cowed by an aggressive brother and the uncertainty of a benighted future down the pits, discovers that his best friend is a Kestrel.  Quickly crushing any aesthesia brought on by Loach's compassion for the great unwashed, it has taken the hyperbol surrounding 'Billy Elliot' to take me less than expeditiously down memory lane once more.  How have the lives of the working classes changed thirty years on?  Apparently they sleep two to a bedroom instead of six as I had once erroneously supposed and have inside toilets.  When a solitary worker has the temerity to want to do a day's work he is chased through a succession of working class dwellings by fifty riot police in full regalia until caught.  It's gratifying to see such a realistic prioritizing of police resources on film and the comforting knowledge of the tax payer's money well spent.  Apart from that, little has changed except for one egrigious detail.  Your actual working classes pirouette down the high street. Billy Elliot, a frustrated and alienated young boy cowed by an aggressive brother and the uncertainty of a benighted future down the pits, discovers that his best friend is a ballet tutu.  Also, his second best friend just might be a transvestite.  This irresponsibility on the part of the British film industry should not go unanswered.  This is not Hampstead.  Encouraging the lower orders to experience culture only leads to books, and books lead to union membership and then (God help us) secret ballots. I think the need to appeal to the American market has reared it's capitulant head here.  Pleas for sexual tolerance and finding your inner child are more important than a roof over one's head and the dignity of (hard) labour.  Kestrels are aggressive, macho symbols that may lower the tone and pull a boy's false eye lashes off.  Of course, we must take all these changes on trust, but how accurate is this to real working class lives?  Unlike the ending to 'Kes' which leaves the audience basking in the warm glow of their own undoubtedly justified prejudices, 'Billy Elliot' leaves us suspicious and distrustful at it's challenge to the natural order.  Yes, we may let the odd one escape to become rock musicians, sportsman and soap stars, but let us not get carried away.  This is an American fortune cookie, not OUR Britain, thank you very much.<br />Now, one may be prepared to sit through working class life when the film making calibre of Ken Loach is involved, but when confronted by the almost obdurately dire artistic decisions and cack direction of Stephen Daldry, the urge to hit the off switch is overwhelming.  There are, no doubt, worse experiences one might be subjected to in one's drawing room than 'Billy Elliot' such as listening to pibroch while having your leg chewed off by a shark, but it's a close run thing.  It may be in the unlikely event prejudice (heaven forbid), but I thought this film was quite staggeringly, fall off Ben Nevis bad.  It's jocund liveliness cannot hide it's jejunity (and trying saying that fast, I guarantee it will be more comprehensible than 'Billy Elliot'). And if I have to endure one more scene in which a minor turns to another minor (as opposed to a miner) and after a long pause says &quot;do you want to play hide the salami with me&quot; or words to that effect, I shall emigrate to Botswana and I don't even know where that is.  Do contemporary writers think this is cute and cuddly coming from children, as opposed to deeply creepy put in their mouths by an adult?  May I suggest that in an act of charity not dissimilar to their salt of the earth goodness depicted in 'Billy Elliot', our actual working classes band together to confer on the writer Mr Hall, the useful and life changing gift of an escritoire?
B00005AXEL|5.0|I have never really cried when listening to a song until I heard &quot;Love Is&quot; on Stevie Nick's new CD &quot;Trouble in Shangri-La&quot;.  The backup vocals from Sarah McLaughlin are hauntingly beautiful.  For anyone who has loved someone deeply and had to break it off, the song will remind you how good it is to be blessed with emotions.   Hey I liked the rest of the songs also!
0316779237|4.0|Sedaris shines when his essays focus on real characters and events.  His pieces on family life and French expatriate living in Me Talk Pretty One Day stand out as examples.  <br />Holidays on Ice features fewer such gems.  Most of the stories here are fictional, and in my opinion do not work nearly as well. The standout exception, however, is the hilarious SantaLand Diaries, one of the funniest things I've ever read and which in itself is well worth the price of the book.  This is the real-life story of Sedaris' stint as a Macy's SantaLand elf.  Sedaris focuses on our collective stupidity, but as always he mixes in just the right amount of self-depreciation to make the piece come off perfectly.  <br />I believe that it was Tom Clancey that said that the difference between fiction and reality is that fiction has to make sense.  The figures in SantaLand Diaries (elves, Santas, and the Great American Public) behave just irrationally enough that the story has to be true.  Ironically, aside from being hilariously funny Sedaris uses all of this illogical behavior to give us an interesting look at human nature.<br />This is a two star book that is saved by a five star story.  Buy it and read the last thirty pages.
B00003CXSP|5.0|I thought this movie was worth the wait.In fact,I tought it was better than the first! At first I was lleary about Julianne Moore taking over for \\"Jodie Foster\\";but she did This movie was GREAT! I was a little leary about it first because I wasn&#8217;t sure \\"Julianne Moore\\"could live up to \\"jodie Foster\\" as Clarise;but she did a great job.One WARNING!; if you sit down at home with your wife or girlfriend(or both) Have a [doggie] bag if they are queezie. I won&#8217;t tell you why, for I don&#8217;t want to ruin the movie for you. What I did is: I rented both \\"silence of the Lambs\\" & \\"Hannibal\\" on DVD; (which even makes the movies even better) This was one of the most goryest movies I have seen!! But the Plot & Acting was GREAT.** NOT RECCOMENDED FOR CHILDREN** I CAN&#8217;T STRESS THIS ENOUGH! THEY WILL HAVE NIGHTMARES FOR THE REST OF THEIR LIVES...
B00005B6N8|5.0|Two years after SAVING PRIVATE RYAN, Muscled shaven head action star Vin Diesel gives War and action a break as he takes on the role of a silver-eyed convicted murderer in PITCH BLACK. PICTH BLACK a US/Austrilian Science fiction horror movie is a film that really is best viewed in the dark due to the film's title. Vin Diesel who also stars with ARMAGEDDON'S Keith David and FARSCAPE's Claudia Black finds himself fighting evil. The film follows Riddick (Diesel) a escaped convicted prisoner who has silver eyes and wears sun glasses to keep his eye sights clear who along with a group of space travellers crashes on a desert planet that has been scorched by three suns. Where Riddick, Johns (Cole Hauser) a bad a** cop who has a bad addiute and  Fry (Radha Mitchell) a middle-aged space piolt and the travellers discover that the planet is infested with reptallian extra terrestrials who only attack in Darkness. That is the story line.  Vin Diesel is defanly the hero of the movie as he makes Riddick's portrayal make Hannibal Lector, a classic motion picture hero/villian. Diesel himself is the kind of film actor who would go out with Angelina Jolie or do a movie sex scene with Shannon Elizabeth. But still he does a damn good job at playing the main character. Once you view PITCH BLACK, you will never think about watching movies in the dark ever again. PITCH BLACK is reccomended viewing and Vin Diesel's best movie ever.
B00003CXSP|5.0|this s.e dvd is even more complete than ridley's &quot;gladiator&quot; dvd version!... the special features: &quot;breaking the silence&quot;: is separated in 5 different parts - development (16:43min),this part contains divers interviews from,the actors,ridley scott,producer dino de laurentiis &amp; martha de laurentiis,explanations of their involvement with &quot;hannibal&quot; ...<br />-production(20:29min)&quot;,shows a press conference in florence,interviews of the cast,footages and some behind the scenes of what was shot in italy &amp; ray liotta explaining his &quot;dinner&quot; scene, and lots more...<br />-special make-up effects(13:55),is also a well documented behind the scenes,with interviews of keith vanderlaan &amp; greg cannom (special make-up effects artists)+ garry oldman adds some  comments about his verger character &amp; make-up experience..etc<br />-music (14:51):,shows a recording session of the &quot;hannibal soundtrack &amp; hans zimmer (composer) interview.<br />-reaction (13:09),has interviews,footages from screenings in los angeles and new york,public's impression about the film..etc.footages of an &quot;after party&quot; in newyork's public library.<br />the special features of the 2nd dvd of &quot;hannibal&quot; also offers: -multi-angle vignettes:(one of the best part of the dvd)this section shows multiple angles and audio tracks ,interview with ridley,storyboard/shot comparison.<br />-the DELETED &amp; alternate scenes:has - &quot;fish market aftermath&quot; , &quot;return to the dungeon&quot; , &quot;x-ray comparison&quot; , &quot;dear clarice&quot; , &quot;pazzi's password&quot; , &quot;perfume shop&quot; , &quot;romula&quot; , &quot;il mostro case&quot; , &quot;lecter leaves florence&quot; , &quot;barney &amp; the boars&quot; , &quot;coming to america&quot; , &quot;coveting clarice&quot; , &quot;planning the meal&quot; , &quot;alternate ending&quot;...the alternate ending is actually very disapointing and similar to the one shown inthe final cut of the film. but &quot;il mostro case&quot; &amp; &quot;lecter leaves florence&quot; are both exellent and should've been kept in the original film...all the rest is amusing,but nothing special. <br />there's also the &quot;marketing gallery&quot;:where you can see the poster concepts, trailers &amp; tv spots ,still photos... production notes,cast &amp; crew bios are also included. so...what are you waiting for?..order this baby right now!
0316776963|3.0|I love David Sedaris on &quot;This American Life,&quot; but this book doesn't come up to quite the same standard. Sedaris's skewed version of deadpan is incredibly funny in small doses, but ironic self-involvement can wear a little thin over the length of a book. Also, the stories lose something on the page, compared to the radio. When you're listening to Sedaris's voice, the whole experience seems more intimate, as if you were listening to a friend. You lose that sense when you simply read his words, and sometimes you end up feeling, &quot;Why is this guy telling me all this?&quot;
B00003CXBK|3.0|I was reading some reviews for this movie and came across one that said princess mononoke reminded the person of another anime film called &quot;valley of the wind&quot;.The actual title of the movie he was refering to is &quot;Warriors of the wind&quot;.And he was right.The lead character wears the same outfit hat and all,and at one point when mononoke refered to &quot;giant animals in the forest&quot; I could've sworn I was watching w.o.t.w.2.Even the &quot;curse&quot; the character must find a way to cure was covered in this 1982 anime.Check it out,if you can find it.
0312243022|5.0|I hesitated to read The Hours for two reasons: the excerpt that appeared earlier in The New Yorker left me cold, and the overall concept sounded too much like a gimmick. If either of these thoughts has been holding you back, cast them away, rush out, and buy this book! Cunningham accomplishes the rare feat of quoting Virginia Woolf without making his own prose appear irredeemably flat by comparison, and he applies the same delicate, surefooted touch to the threading together of the three stories that make up this book.
B00003CXBK|3.0|As a true anime fan,I wasn't surprised how eager I was to see this movie after hearing so much about it.I fell in love with anime after watching the Japanese DBZ movies,and after hearing how well this movie did in Japan I didn't hesitate to go out and buy the dvd.First of all the english voice over cast sucks.After watching this I'm sure the only word Gillian Anderson can put any emphasis on is &quot;Mulder!&quot;.The story starts strong and the character's spreading &quot;infection&quot; seems promising toward a strong ending,But I was dissapointed.If your looking for intense,against the odds action scenes,go elsewhere.There were very few fighting scenes and the character refuses to use his &quot;infection&quot; to fight.If story and art is your thing,go ahead and buy it.The backgrounds and settings really were cool and the story made sense.In the end,it wasn't bad at all.
B00001OH7P|5.0|Bowie was already a superstar in Europe before this broke him out in the US. Is it the best thing he ever did? I don't think so, but it certainly is important. As a concept album, it's very loose. As another reviewer points out, we really didn't get the actual story until David himself elaborated on it in interviews. What made it unique in late 72 was that the songs were very short and to the point, as opposed to the rambling progressive rock that was very popular at the time. It dealt with a new subject (Androgony and Bi-sexuality) that had been taboo even in rock music at that time, save for Alice Cooper who played it off like a demented Milton Berle. Side Note: Alice's early shows were campy drag before he injected the pseudo horror schtick. Ziggy's real strength is in the music though. Alot of credit goes to the late Mick Ronson who passed away in 1994 of cancer. He had a wild, pronounced style and an abilty as an arranger that earned him comparisons to Jeff Beck. In fact, Beck even turned up at a simulcast TV (that's Television Not Transvestite) concert and jammed with Ronson during the &quot;Alladin Sane&quot; tour. Looking back so many years later, some of the lyrics sound dated and a bit silly, but that's OK. It contains some timeless lyrics as well.&quot;Five Years&quot; and &quot;Rock&amp;Roll Suicide in particular. More than anything, it's the overwhelming energy of the Spiders band that made it great then, and what makes it great in 2001.
B00003CXAA|5.0|The Godfather Trilogy has got to be, without a doubt, the greatest film epic of this genre.  The performances turned in by the seasoned actors and actresses are stellar.  The screen adaptation is superb.  The added &quot;goodies&quot; on the DVD version are a joy for anyone who loved the original films.  Godfather I and II are magnificent while part III is a bit weaker it's still wonderful in that it ties up all the ends and makes for a fantastic finale. Having grown up on the classic &quot;gangster&quot; films of Bogart, Cagney, and Raft and loving every minute of them I still have to cast my vote for The Godfather Trilogy as my all time favourite &quot;gangster&quot; film.  The Saga of the Corleone Family is one that I never tire of watching.  I defy anyone to view this trilogy film and not think it's the best!
B0000009RT|5.0|Frank Zappa is one of the twenty most important artists in rock history.  Let's see....there's Chuck Berry, Little Richard, Elvis, Beatles, the Who, Jefferson Airplane, Grateful Dead, Allman Brothers, Pink Floyd, Genesis, U2, Pearl Jam...I know I'm forgetting some people....<br />This is The Mothers Of Invention first album.  When it came out on LP, it was a double album.  Each side of the LP was 15 minutes long.  The whole CD is only 60 minutes.<br />The first LP was a collection of 11 short songs of mixed influences, mostly a cross between American Do Wop and British invasion with some Chicano vocal stylings thrown in.  Most of the songs are homorous and mock the fifties style of American music.  There are some political statements thrown in.<br />The second LP is completely different.  It started out with the 6 minute driving blues tune, Trouble Coming Everyday.  This was one of the best songs of 1966.  The remaining two tracks are the 8 minute Help I'm a Rock and the 12 minute Return of the Son of Monster Magnic.  They are both a collage of noise, sound affects, statements and some interesting music.  I never have understood them, but I like them.  <br />This first version of the Mothers was stripped down, with only Zappa, Ray Collins and Jimmy Carl Black, but a couple of other musicians. It wouldn't be until the second album that the Mothers grew to the large scale band (adding Bunk Gardner, Motorhead Sherwood and. Don Preston).<br />I think some reviewers analyze this album too much and put too much importance in it.  Much of the album and the political statements seem pretty dated now.  While entertaining and humorous, many of the songs don't stand up to repeated playing.  I find the Do Wop style inaccessible at times.  But, in 1966 is was a fairly risking ablum, there are some great parts to it and Trouble Everyday is good enough to make this a must have.<br />Prior to this, Frank Zappa appeared on the Steve Allen show, playing a bicycle.  After the Mothersdisbanded, Jimmy Carl Black formed the Grandmothers.  It would occasionally feature other ex-Mothers like Bunk Gardner and Motorhead Sherwood.  He ended up in Austin for a while where he would play in small bars and is now in Europe.
B000002MT0|1.0|One of these days, I'm going to sponsor a contest - \\"In 100 words or less, tell me who's seems to be the bigger odd-ball, Michael Jackson or Prince, and why?&quot; But for now, let's deal with \\"Come\\" by Prince, who drops his unpronounceable symbol for his old moniker.      More than likely, this is a collection of left-over tracks Prince recorded before he changed his name, which might account for the &quot;Prince 1958 - 1993&quot; epitaph on the CD cover photo.      Whether that is actually the case or not, however, \\"Come\\" certainly sounds like a collection of leftovers. When this album was released in 1994, Prince must have been laughing all the way to the bank. First he signed a multi-million dollar deal with his record company and then, less than six months later, announced that he was not going to record any new music. He stated that he planed to fulfill his contract agreement with material that he had already recorded.      If \\"Come\\" is indicative of the quality of material in Prince's vaults, however, it's best that the stuff not see the light of day. Throughout the album, Prince indulges in his worst musical excesses - padding the album with goofy spoken introductions, ending songs in jams that go on forever (the title track continues for an unwarranted eleven minutes), and offering non-music (&quot;Solo,&quot; &quot;Orgasm&quot;) in place of actual songs.      Prince even re-employs sections of his previous recordings. The guitar solo that worked well as the intro to &quot;Ronnie Talk To Russia&quot; on 1981's \\"Controversy\\" album re-surfaces here to a weaker effect in &quot;Orgasm.&quot;      The songs on \\"Come\\" suffer from unmemorable melodies and overly repetitive rhythms. Some of the cuts sound like demos of unfinished work. Pieces like &quot;Space&quot; and &quot;Pheromone&quot; might have blossomed into memorable songs with more work, but we'll never know.      In fact, the only song on \\"Come\\" that rises to Prince's usual standards is &quot;Letitgo,&quot; which features a nice, loose, swinging groove and a memorable bridge. Not surprisingly, the song was released as the CD's first single.      Fans should take a tip from the track and tell Prince to &quot;knockitoff&quot; and get back to making real music.
B000001E7L|4.0|I loved The Cranberries debut album, and wasn't disappointed in this one at all. I bought it on the strength of &quot;Zombie&quot; which I thought was a real good song. Although I think it's not quite up to their debut album (which is why I gave it 4 stars), I still think it's a very good album. The 18 page booklet is nice...all the lyrics, plus lots of colour photos of the group.
0783244320|5.0|Tim Allen usually makes me cringe, but this movie had me laughing the entire time.  An intelligent satire, with just enough base humor to keep the movie's appeal for those who did not grow up with Star Trek.  I did, and so found the movie doubly entertaining.
B00005J6UP|5.0|If you were a child of the '80's, like I was (and proud to be), then nothing capitalized on that youthful sense of adventure than that quaint little movie that ran almost annually on NBC called 'The Goonies'. <br />'The Goonies' was far more than just a movie about some kids who go treasure hunting. It was all about that inquisitive, youthful sense of adventure into the unknown, not knowing what we would accomplish or discover, and best of all, being there with our friends for the ride. 'The Goonies' embodies such a personal feeling for those who view it, and still carry it in our hearts to this day. <br />The thing that always made me wonder was the fact that there were pirates of the Spanish Main that made it to the Oregon coast line? Hmmmmm.....<br />Oh well! The movie isn't perfect, but will remain a staple of every Child of the '80's heart! A youthful classic!
B00003CXMG|4.0|Cameron Crowe, like any good writer, knows that the best advice for any writer is to &quot;write what you know.&quot; Well, Crowe certainly knows the story of a very young journalist on his first assignment covering a rock band on tour -- because he lived it. <br />This semi-autobiographical take on Rock and Roll, its cynical, destructive and transcendent parts all rolled into one, really sucks you into another time and place the way few movies in recent times have done. The movie feels authentic, in part because the characters are drawn with flaws, with natural story arcs, as opposed to the cardboard cutouts that we have come to expect.<br />William Miller, the boy at the heart of the story, has to balance his boyish desires to be one of the gang with his journalistic intentions to tell the brutal, honest truth.<br />Kate Hudson's character, Penny Lane, injects poignancy into a movie that could have been just another ode to guitar-heads, booze and acid.<br />Frances McDormand, as Miller's mother, also is great as a liberal counterculture mother who contends with her own desires to both protect her son and set him free.<br />The DVD also has a number of interesting extras, including interviews, et al. A special treat are the actual Rolling Stone articles that Cameron Crowe wrote, including his classic story about Led Zeppelin.<br />This is definitely a keeper.
B00003CXWV|5.0|It is interesting that most people look at this film and then compare it to other, over-the-top films involving drugs and violence. (Traffic, Goodfellas, etc.) But it seems that this film, being autobiographical, really isn't aiming to glorify or even evoke empathy for the protagonist. As a matter of course, this happens because of the subject matter, but I think it does so because it is such an interesting character study. George Jung doesn't come from a broken home. He doesn't have any good reason to become a drug dealer and as we find out later on, he really shouldn't have gotten married to a woman and fathered a child. But he did and the story is as riveting as I have seen on screen in a long time. Ray Liotta is the same type of Dad that George seems to want so badly to be. Liotta should, by the way, be up for the supporting role Oscar for this. Everybody seems to be saying bad things about Penelope Cruz in this film, but I think she performed exactly as she should have. She is supposed to portray a spoiled daughter of a Colombian drug kingpin. The fact that she is a witch should be no surprise. The one thing I think some people have overlooked is that George is really too nice a guy to be involved in the the drug trade as he was. I still keep wondering if he told his wife he was gay to protect her or if he really was gay.  So once again, don't try to call this &quot;Traffic 2&quot; or &quot;Gayfellas&quot; or even &quot;Scarface, Johnny Montana Returns&quot;. This is a story about a guy who went into business with friends and trusted too much and got burned. Probably snorted too much coke too.
6304341849|5.0|I found this movie to be very interesting in that it revealed the silent society, or the silent presence of a culture that was held to dishonour and persecution.  It reminded me of todays society, and even though there are many openly gay people and organizations, there is still that silent presence in many &quot;religious institutions&quot;.  To be openly gay is to bring disaster upon yourself.  What I really took notice of, was at the end.  Maurice stopped by his first love Clyve to speak to him of his present situation with Scutter.  Clyve attempts to show that he is happy with being married to a lovely girl, but in the end, it appears that Clyve is not really happy with being married to this woman.  There is a deep rooted thought going through Clyve's mind.  I got the feeling that Clyve would have been happier in being with Maurice, if he hadn't bent to the will of his mother, society, and the fear of loosing everything if he was ever caught.<br />It is a very good movie to watch and match today's social attitude with the 1914/16 period of English history.  Not much seems to change.
B00002MZ12|5.0|I am a big Alanis fan and loved her first 2 albums. And this is no exception. Although all but 4 of the songs are culled from her last 2 albums, they are given a whole new treatment which makes them refreshingly new. Stripped of all electric instruments, and with Alanis' vocals more subdued, the songs really shine through. Alanis is a true talent, unlike a lot today. She is a brilliant singer/songwriter and plays her own instruments, piano, guitar, flute and harmonica. (Although she doesn't play piano on this cd). There are also 3 original songs on here, as well as a cover of &quot;King of Pain&quot;. I recommend this cd to all fans of Alanis.
B00003CXSP|4.0|First of all, you can't compare \\"Hannibal\\" with \\"Silence of the Lambs\\". It has to be taken on its own terms AND on several levels. By this, I mean that you need to see it as a piece of cinema art (and art it IS, unquestionably), as a piece of entertainment; AND you have to see it and ask: \\"Do films like this benefit society by showing humanity in so debased a manner and by depicting acts of demoniac (and inventive) cruelty, in a world that is becoming increasingly violent and cruel?\\" What message does this send to young and impressionable minds, already lacking positive role models?<br />The acting and direction are excellent, as is the makeup. And the beauty of the Goldberg Variations and the Italian renaissance settings were in brilliant counterpoint to the hideous doings. It is that very same counterpoint, between artistic genius and hideous, unfathomable sadism, that makes the character of Hannibal so compelling, and here the film remains true to the book. The famous \\"dinner\\" scene, although about as gross as a movie could ever be, succeeds in capturing the same almost comical yet profoundly macabre imagery. And we were spared the ridiculous ending of the book.<br />I just wonder how many \\"harpy\\" knives are now going to appear in vicious real-life crimes?
6304428952|5.0|This movie is a winner. I think it is one of the greatest movies of all time. If you like comody or drama you will love this.
B00003CXPD|5.0|I was prepared to love this film when I read the descriptions, and with one minor exception, my wish was fulfilled.  This is a compelling story of a young boy's courage to pursue his dream, despite its being completely antithetical to the cultural expectations of the town in which he lived.  In a mining town, where men are men, Billy (Jamie Bell) slips away each night after boxing practice to learn ballet with the girls.  In spite of enormous social pressure and a disapproving father, Billy persists in his dream to become a ballet dancer and emerges triumphant.<br />This is a story that is less about dance than it is about social interaction.  The incredible pressure to be what one is expected to be is pitted elegantly against the unyielding desire to pursue one's ambitions.  Also woven into the story are various themes about people who are different and how they handle being on the fringe.  The film does an excellent job of developing various characters and making us love them, foibles and all.<br />My only reservation is that the film overemphasized certain of the human stories (particularly the minors' strike) at the expense of the dance.  We see glimpses of Billy's progress as a dancer, but he seems to explode from spastic and gawky to an accomplished tap artist with little transition.  Also, there seems to be a disconnect between his exceptional tap skills and his tentative ballet skills, which is so discrepant that it is hard to believe it is the same dancer.  While the dance theme is clearly subordinate to the human issues, I felt it should have been more believable and better developed to complete the film.<br />Not much more could have been asked of Jamie Bell in this role.  In his film debut he is mesmerizing, both in his acting and dance performances.  Bell always found exactly the right emotion to portray Billy's conflicts, disappointments and stubborn persistence.  Bell is the keystone that holds the entire film together and he is the reason it succeedsso completely.<br />The ensemble supporting Bell is also first rate as is the direction of Stephen Daldry.  Daldry gives the story that quaint small town British feel, full of brutal honesty and simple human truths.  Daldry's greatest success is in the pure sincerity of the actors' performances making every frame realistic and convincing, and earning him an Oscar nomination for best director in only his second film.  Julie Walters, also nominated for best supporting actress, does a fine job as the tough and determined ballet teacher, and Gary Lewis gives a standout performance as Billy's dad.<br />This is an inspirational film that is just a hair short of perfect.  I rated it a 9/10.  With a little better development of the dance theme it might have been flawless.  Nonetheless, it is one of the most compelling and uplifting films of the year with a positive and upbeat message that is sure to capture your heart.
B00005M989|5.0|I see that a lot of Prince's diehard fans are appalled with the release of this album as is Prince himself. I can certainly understand why and I can hardly blame Prince or his fans being upset at this single disc collection of Prince's hits. I for one have never fawned over Prince. He is good but I don't consider him a god to rock and roll. I do however have found some of this music enjoyable which are the songs found on this album. I won't call myself a fan of Prince but rather a casual listener of his music. Maybe there could have been more music added to this best of collection of Prince's songs, considering Prince's extensive catalog of music. I'll admit that Warner Bros. only put together Prince's more popular songs. For the casual listener this is one of the best best of collections I've heard in the past few years. I enjoyed listening to all the songs I grew up on hearing on the radio like \\"When Doves Cry\\" and \\"Little Red Corvette\\". This album is a good party album for people who just want to hear Prince's more popular songs.
0156012197|5.0|I was given this book by my mother when I was twelve years old.  Six years later and entering my senior year in highschool, I am just now beginning to realize what the book actually means to me.  As anyone will openly admit, and as I'm sure I will passionately agree with when I am an adult, &quot;being a teenager&quot; is the abridged way of saying you are dealing with some of the most trying and complicated issues you will face in your young life.  For me, it is exactly this- trying and complicated.  About a year ago, however, I sat down and reread The Little Prince for the first time since my mom read it to me as a little girl.  I took in every word, every meaning, and would sit for twenty minutes after every moving bit of prose and wonder what it all meant to me.  I came to the conclusion that the life I knew didn't always have to be so trying and complicated, that I could simplify it all and start remembering what I loved about the world around me.  In other words, I came to the conclusion that an old and ugly hat wasn't always a hat and was probably, in its greatest sense of reality, a snake that had swallowed an elephant.  At eighteen I am taking to heart the simple words of a little boy brought to my world by a flock of wild birds and in doing so, I am remembering what it means to love the world around me...I'm remember what it means to laugh as he does.
B000002H6C|5.0|Metallica is hands down the best metal band of all time and Justice is their best album. This album defines perfection. Every song is amazing. Especially One, Harvester of Sorrow, and my favorite Dyers Eve. If for some awful reason you don't have this album, GO GET IT right away. Dont skip over any tracks because they are all amazing. In my opinion, this is Metallica's Masterpiece. NOT the Black album!
B00003CXSP|3.0|(3 and 1/2 stars) Free of the novel's lousy ending, the film version of &quot;Hannibal&quot; contains enough suspense and atmosphere to make it worth a viewing.  Agent Starling's detective work is fairly involving, and some of the scenes are remarkable in the way they are constructed and their intensity.  I'm thinking particularly of the &quot;Cat and Mouse&quot; scene where Starling pursues Lecter through the shopping mall.  Even while I was repulsed by the &quot;Dinner&quot; scene near the end -- the only scene that justifies the kind of &quot;gross-out&quot; descriptions some critics gave the movie, it fit in well with the Lecter characters actions elsewhere and gave a measure of comeupance to Ray Liotta's character (certainly beyond what he deserved!).  Taken as a whole, it was an entertaining flick, well directed by Ridley Scott and well acted, but nowhere near as great as &quot;Silence of the Lambs.&quot;<br />As for the double-disc DVD edition, the director's commentary on the &quot;feature&quot; disc is fairly typical of such DVD commentaries.  It does contain several interesting items of info.  The 2nd &quot;special features&quot; disc is a cornucopia of background details, including dozens of movie poster variations, the usual &quot;cast &amp; crew&quot; dossiers, 14 deleted or alternate scenes, etc.  Definitely check out the &quot;alternate ending&quot; with Scott's comments, and decide for youself if you agree with the ending chosen for the film.
6305265666|5.0|When I rented this movie I wasn't a huge Drew fan. Now I own this wonderful film and has become my all time favorite. I just wish the would put Dougray Scott in more films. This is a real KEEPER.
B00005IC2H|5.0|The moment I heard the stirring, haunting melodies to &quot;Staralfur&quot;, I was captivated by almost immediately. This was one of the most beautiful songs I have heard in a long time. Of course I had to check out the rest of &quot;Agaetis Byrjun&quot;. 76 minutes long but 76 minutes is probably the proper length for this group's gorgeous epic songs. 3-4 minutes wouldn't do any of the songs on this album justice. The grandeur of Sigur Ros' music is simply breathtaking. Another favorite song of mine off the cd &quot;Vidrar Vel Til Loftarasa&quot; literally made my heart stop when I first heard its gorgeous melodies. It gets a bit noisy at the end of the song with the orchestral strings but nowhere loud as say Wagner's music gets. I must admit that a few songs of the band's like &quot;Olsen Olsen&quot; reminds me a bit of Radiohead and I'm sure there are people who won't appreciate that comparison but better Radiohead than Matchbox Twenty. I really could not help but hear the Radiohead comparisons, especially in &quot;Olsen Olsen&quot; which could have easily been found on &quot;OK Computer&quot;. The song itself is simply beautiful and incredible. Sigur Ros has churned out an album that would make for an excellent film score I think. It has the key elements of emotions and grandeur required for a film score.
B000044TZU|5.0|I heard this CD first while I was hanging out with my big brother, and after I heard it, I knew I had to have it!
B000026ESX|3.0|This is Europe's 1983 debut album that was not available in the U.S. until around 1988-89. Europe was a quartet at this point in time (sans full-time keyboardist) with the line up of singer Joey Tempest, guitarist John Norum, bassist and group mainstay John Leven and original drummer Tony Reno.  Although Europe could stand a little room for improvement as songwriters, from a performace standpoint they were already hitting the mark.  Especially the sonic guitar playing of John Norum.      If you love a good, bombastic, Stratocaster guitar rock album, with playing low on pretension, this is a good one to get. Singer Joey Tempest is in fine form as a vocalist at his young age, but John Norum also is as well a guitarist.  Not only was Norum was already playing exceptionally well for such a young guitarist, he was one of the most underrated and one of the best hard rock gutiarists of the 80's.     If you had started listening to Europe with \\"The Final Countdown\\" CD, go backwards in their catalouge instead of forwards.  Go with this stellar debut and their second album \\"Wings Of Tommorow\\".  These three CD'S are the best representation of their work.
B000050IE6|5.0|I should just copy and paste my Opeth reviews.  Because each one is amazing, but each one also has it's own unique traits.  Still Life has a jazz influence to it.  Just listen to the riffs for Moonlapse Vertigo, you can't help from getting lost in it.  The lyrics are some of Mikeal's best too.  <br />Even with the jazz influences present, this is still Opeth's easiest album to get into.  From the first listen it's amazing.
B00003CWRX|2.0|I thought this was ok for a rental but not for something i would spend 25.00 on. I was disapointed in all the whispering. I know it is a movie about secrets but you could barely understand them at times. Reminds me of Murder at 1600.
B00003CXS4|4.0|lets be honest. taken seriously this movie is juvenile and typical. but i dont think ritchie had that in mind, i think that this is a very good tongue in cheek 'bang-bang' movie making fun of the entire genre it relies so much on. its fast, funny, and sick. if your looking for profundity watch some bergman. if your want silly british making fun of themselves give this a go. just please dont take it seriously, i dont think that is the point. and if it was than it the most pompous postering i ever seen come out of a punk english-man's rear. but even so, just laugh at it and remember the authors intentions are not always the most reliable source for truth.
B00003CXSP|2.0|Waring, do not expect this movie to have the same deep impact that Silence of the Lambs had on its viewers.  This movie will not make any top 100 list or win any awards.  What it is, is another generic thriller just like a Kiss The Girls, or Along Came a Spider.  It has an FBI Agent hunting down a wanted Serial Killer who does &quot;really Bad things.&quot;  If this movie had nothing to do with Silence of the Lambs, then no one would have gone to see it and word of mouth would have caused the movie to be pulled out of the theaters within a few weeks.  If you want a gross out killer movie with a deeper plot, check out American Psycho, which is much better than this one.....<br />D
B000002LBH|5.0|A friend recommended the &quot;Singles&quot; album to me but after hearing the raves for this one, I decided to get Louder Than Bombs. I have to say that this is on its way on becoming a classic amongst my collection. I would classify it (if I could) as jangly guitar brit pop-rock with a touch of punk here and there. With the nonsense being peddled as music nowadays (Ms. Spears, anyone?) I have to go back about 20 years to find something that is just musically satisfying. <br />The collection of songs are quite wide, from slow and melancholy to rocking beats. As a 'lyric' person, I adore the dark, morbid, self deprecating, and yet witty poetry - especially when contrasted with almost cheerful melody and insistent beat. A lot of the songs are the illustration for youthful restlessness and inner chaos - sometimes I feel as if Morrisey was speaking to me. The lyrics are straightforward, yet thoughtful. Pissed, and yet resigned. Especially terrific during grey cloudy days, when one is in a pensive mood. It is terrific to hear songs that actually say something.    <br />&quot;Sixteen, clumsy and shy.... The story of my life.&quot; Sheer genius and insight into the mind of youths! I only wished I had found this album when I was in my angst-ridden teenagehood, I think I could use this one. I found this gem a little late, but better late than never....
B00003CXDZ|5.0|The sheer perfection of this movie can not be described with words.  It describes the love affair between a young bohemian youth and a dancer from the infamous Moulin Rouge.  I don't want to reveal too much to those who have not seen the movie so I will say no more, except to say that anyone who can make a movie3 of this calibur deserves to be enshrined and prayed to as a modern day god.  If you have not seen this movie you must.  If you chose not to see this movie then you have a screw loose and deserve to be lyched and hung.
B00003CXN4|2.0|soderberg is probably one of the most over rated directors working today. if you want to make a film with a 'documentary' feel why not get someone who knows how to shot it, like say i don't know a documentary filmaker? but that is not the point. this movie glosses over, and not very well, the issue and problem of drugs and politics. it presents it as a cute problem that needs to be nipped in the bud. pure ...! the only reason it gets 2 stars is because as always benecio del toro was very good and convincing. over all, highly over rated(i would venture to say the most over rated apart from gladiator-at least that was amusing). and would someone please be an honest and intelligent person and agree.
0393038912|5.0|This Pulitzer-Prize-winning work disproves racist theories of human-evolution.  'Guns, Germs, and Steel' discusses everything from human origins, geography and climate of areas, plant and animal species available to early societies, the formation of alphabets, the formations of diseases and immunities to them, and more.  The book is loaded with theories that are backed up with fact after fact after fact, while Diamond's writing style and wit keeps the reader turning the pages.  Diamond takes you across the world, and draws a lot from his time spent in New Guinea.  This is a very important book and should be taught at the high school level.  I'm looking forward to what Diamond will publish next!
0792151712|5.0|James Cameron has reached the zenith of his career and now has nowhere to go but down.  Once an epic of this proportion hits the billion-dollar mark, it announces the apex of its creator and it will never see its equal.  \\"Titanic\\" couldn't have asked for a better cast, the beautiful russet-tressed Winslet and the king of heartthrob's DiCaprio both actors from a generation that is known to spend a good chunk of their hard-earned capital each month on their local cineplexes.  It also couldn't have gone wrong with its December release date, people overly stressed by the financial and emotional crush of holiday shopping.  Kids are out of school for a week, their parents are trying to find ways to relax and a retreat into a good movie theater is the ideal recreation.<br />What won the majority of Titanic's audience was a base ripped directly from the pages of a dozen cheesy romance novels: a story of true love.  Cameron said it first: \\"Titanic is not just a cautionary tale - a myth, a parable, a metaphor for the ills of mankind.  It is also a story of faith, courage, sacrifice and, above all else, love.\\"  There's a romantic schmuck lurking inside us all and this film's theme of undying devotion sucked us in by the thousands, nary a dry eye in the house after each of its glorified 3-hour screenings.  It was the big kahuna at 1998's Academy Awards and raked in 11 of its 14 trophies, tying with 1959's Roman tour de force \\"Ben-Hur\\".  With a multi-million dollar budget paying for its hundreds of visual spectacles, a life-size model of the doomed vessel and the cost of filming equipment, it grossed nearly ten times the cost and was screened nationwide in theaters for almost four months.<br />Kate Winslet was nominated for an Oscar for her portrayal of Rose Dewitt-Bukater, an American aristocrat engaged to greedy rogue Cal Hockley (Zane).  She realizes from the moment she is betrothed that she will marry into a life of tea times, cotillions and the superficial banter of Philadelphia's high society.  Beneath her poised exterior, Rose is a fiery and emancipated soul but the obligation of her marriage and the reassurance of financial security is enforced upon her by her rigid and self-regarding mother Ruth (Fisher).  She assumes that her life as she knows it is over and decides to end it all by somersaulting into an icy sepulcher, dangling over Titanic's rail and facing the wrath of the arctic waves below.  Little does she know, a man named Jack Dawson stands nearby, hearing her despondent sobs. Not one to overlook a possible tragedy, he dissuades her from surrendering to the bitter cold of the North Atlantic and pulls her from the bow.  It isn't love at first sight as one would think, but Rose comes to acknowledge that Jack is a compassionate and chivalrous soul that not only will steal in her heart but will change her life forever.<br />Cameron had several historians on hand for an accurate recreation of the fated vessel and a meticulous team of marine explorers who performed twelve dives to gather footage.  Cameron accompanied his team in a submersible complete with a special camera that withstood the staggering PSI of the Atlantic's opaque depths.  His crack team also recruited several of the companies that had originally furnished the Titanic (carpets, chandeliers) when it began construction in 1908 - quite a few of the original patterns and designs were still on record. Kudos to James Horner's haunting and touching score with Norwegian vocalist Sissel Kyrkjebo voicing the lingering and heartrending vocals.<br />A majority of the key players give admirable performances, Fisher perfectly icy and Zane perfectly snide.  Cameron chose other actors according to their physical countenance, a good deal of them bearing an eerie resemblance to their real-life counterparts such as Captain Edward J. Smith (Bernard Hill), The \\"Unsinkable\\" Molly Brown (Kathy Bates) and J. Bruce Ismay (Jonathan Hyde).  I didn't think much of Leonardo DiCaprio as an actor but I thought that his Oscar nomination for \\"What's Eating Gilbert Grape\\" had to count for something. Then I saw \\"The Basketball Diaries\\" - every Tiger Beat vision I had of him pretty much petered out after that.  I was thus able to watch him in \\"Titanic\\" without prejudice and left the theater convinced that he would be more than just a pretty face in the next few years - he would be a megastar.  Since then, DiCaprio has appeared in \\"The Man In The Iron Mask\\",  \\"Celebrity\\" and the box-office bummer \\"The Beach\\" (the inevitable rotten apple; had to happen sometime).  He is currently on location for the filming of Martin Scorsese's \\"Gangs Of New York\\" and will repeat the challenge of portraying twin brothers in Randall Wallace's factual-based film bio \\"Johnny Eck\\".  Let's hope those two projects put him back on track and back in the limelight where he rightfully belongs.<br />\\"Titanic\\" may have finally exhausted the general populace's patience but certainly these people have to give it its due for the monstrous appeal it gained and the painstaking effort that Cameron poured into the film.  Some may scoff at the movie's saccharin premise but \\"Titanic\\" will remain a well-regarded classic for years, finding its place among other Hollywood epics like \\"Cleopatra\\", \\"Lawrence of Arabia\\" and \\"Spartacus\\".as an actor but I thought that his Oscar nomination for \\"What's Eating Gilbert Grape\\" had to count for something. Then I saw \\"The Basketball Diaries\\" - every Tiger Beat vision I had of him pretty much petered out after that.  I was thus able to watch him in \\"Titanic\\" without prejudice and left the theater convinced that he would be more than just a pretty face in the next few years - he would be a megastar.  Since then, DiCaprio has appeared in \\"The Man In The Iron Mask\\",  \\"Celebrity\\" and the box-office bummer \\"The Beach\\" (the inevitable rotten apple; had to happen sometime).  He is currently on location for the filming of Martin Scorsese's \\"Gangs Of New York\\" and will repeat the challenge of portraying twin brothers in Randall Wallace's factual-based film bio \\"Johnny Eck\\".  Let's hope those two projects put him back on track and back in the limelight where he rightfully belongs. <br />\\"Titanic\\" may have finally exhausted the general populace's patience but certainly these people have to give it its due for the monstrous appeal it gained and the painstaking effort that Cameron poured into the film.  Some may scoff at the movie's saccharin premise but \\"Titanic\\" will remain a well-regarded classic for years, finding its place among other Hollywood epics like \\"Cleopatra\\", \\"Lawrence of Arabia\\" and \\"Spartacus\\".
0783235968|3.0|This movie tends to win raves from men, so this is primarily addressed to females who are interested:  It's an entertaing flick, but you may be disappointed, cause it's not all that. I just didn't feel touched by the whole father/son thing, and the movie just felt overly sentimental.  I give it three stars because it's not a bad movie, just one I didn't relate to.  I say see One True Thing instead.
B000002LQR|5.0|Yeah, I know, that phrase gets bandied about so much in album reviews on this website so that it's almost lost all meaning, but nowhere is it more relevant and true than when applied to this masterpiece. Owners and lovers of Blood Sugar Sex Magik like myself will know that I speak without hyperbole when I make this claim. From the opening count-in to &quot;The Power Of Equality&quot; to the fadeout of crickets chirping at night alongside an empty highway, BSSM has the aura of a powerfully soulful and funky jam-session that is so irrepressibly tied to the 1990's and, more specifically, 90's California.<br />I don't quite know where to begin praising this album, such is the solidity and completeness of it there are no high or low points. With works of funk perfection in &quot;Suck My Kiss&quot;, &quot;Give It Away&quot;, &quot;Blood Sugar Sex Magik&quot;, &quot;Apache Rose Peacock&quot;, &quot;The Greeting Song&quot;, &quot;Sir Psycho Sexy&quot; and the brilliantly hardcore finale in &quot;They're Red Hot&quot; (I defy anyone to keep completely still while listening to it), tempered by beautiful ballads in &quot;Breaking The Girl&quot; and the classic &quot;Under The Bridge&quot;, the talent present in the Red Hot Chili Peppers portrayed on this album is almost scary. Anthony's unmistakable voice lends so much power and soul to his lyrics of love and lust, and Chad's drumming is perfect. Which brings me to John and Flea. If you haven't heard the symbiotic relationship between the former's guitar and the latter's bass, you haven't fully experienced music. Listen to Sir Psycho Sexy's two-and-a-half minute outro if you want proof. It's breathtaking.<br />The world's population is split into two sections: those who own Blood Sugar Sex Magik, and those who haven't bought it yet. Don't be left out. This album will move you, physically and spiritually.
6304806426|5.0|If this one doesn't getcha, nothing will.  And the amazing extra footage and special features of the DVD make this an incredible deal for your money!  You'll awe at the adventures of the young D'Caprio as he swindles himself onto the cruise of the millenium.  You'll gasp with horror as fate steps in and the  huge ship begins its plunge to the bottom of the ocean.  At the end, you'll feel a deep sadness that, perhaps, with the ship, our dreams and hopes have sunk with it.  It's a different, much more cynical world now.  Let this movie remind you of what it feels like to dream...and let it serve as a piercing reminder of the fragile reality that these dreams hope to transcend.
B00003CXDZ|4.0|Like a teacup ride, you get your ticket, sit down, and experience a whirling kaleidoscope of multicolored jumble.  And, like the ride, you get off either feeling exhilerated or sick to your stomach.<br />I saw the movie at the last-chance dollar cinema, since I hadn't been able to convince myself to pay full price.  In case you haven't been, dollar cinema audiences are generally less reserved than their first-run theater counterparts, so you get a much clearer idea of how the they're receiving the show.  This one was a real mixed bag:  There were several people singing along with the songs for the first half-hour or so, until either self-consciousness set in or their neighbors shushed them.  On the flip side, a group of about 6 guys sitting near us got up and walked out 3/4 of the way through, never to return.  <br />As for our little group, we all enjoyed it.  Some parts (especially near the beginning) were somewhat queasiness-inducing, but those didn't last long.  After that, things settled into a very straight-forward boy-meets-girl (etc.) plot, and there wasn't quite as much jumble.  It could have become boring at that point, but there were so many cool camera effects, unusual points of view, unexpected uses of songs/lyrics, etc., that I hardly had time to think, &quot;What a silly movie!&quot; until after it was over.  <br />Nicole Kidman (who is in EVERYTHING lately, it seems) was gorgeous, I had to admit -- and can she SING!  (That proves it - life really ISN'T fair.)  Ewan McGregor, whom I've never seen before as the lovestruck hero, was PERFECT.  His winning smile and wide-eyed expession would've melted a heart of stone.  I found his voice somewhat less pleasing than Nicole's, but since he was playing the innocent boy from the country, this suited the storyline.  What else?  Well, I wouldn't have minded paying full-price to see this, had I known I would enjoy it so much.  Everyone who stayed for the end was chatting and smiling, and those few who walked outwere, no doubt, somewhere else sulking.  I would say if you like musicals in general, and splashy, colorful display, you'll probably love this movie.  Otherwise, rent another movie as backup?
6303617719|5.0|I love this movie.  It's my second favorite Meg Ryan film.<br />When Meg's character is suddenly dumped by her fiancee, she flies to Paris to win him back.  She then runs into Luke (Kevin Kline, playing sleazy-French-man particularly well) who has his own agenda (namely, smuggling jewels).  The two sorta end up stuck together in France, tracking down her former love.  I laughed many times over.  Favorite scenes include a particularly Mentos commercial-like getaway from the French police, Meg falling face first into a cake while spying on her ex, and the initial meeting between her and Kline on the plane.<br />Definately a must see for romantic-comedy fans.
B0000027RL|4.0|Sure, this album contains rock staples like &quot;Alive&quot;, &quot;Even Flow&quot; and &quot;Jeremy&quot;, including the beautiful ballads of &quot;Black&quot; and &quot;Oceans&quot;, but it's not PJ's greatest or most complete album. Still, it created a sensation in alternative rock and grunge with it's '91 release since PJ, as well as fellow grunge-masters Soundgarden and Alice In Chains, were so ahead of their time. Unfortunately it's beginning to show its age slightly and several songs suffer an intangible &quot;sameness&quot; caused by less-than-perfect production. Nevertheless, the sheer importance of &quot;Ten&quot; in terms of impacting music in the past 20 years is without peer. It managed to help create a whole new genre of rock. So put it on, pull out the torn jeans, Hypercolor t-shirt and Reebok pumps and reminisce...
B00003CXTG|2.0|I don't mind dumb, and I especially like big dumb explosions, so I enjoyed about 20 minutes of this movie: the actual Pearl Harbour attack is great.  <br />But to get there you sit through a wafer-thin love story: girl meets boy, boys seems to get killed, girl takes up with boy's best friend, then - surprise! - 1st boy turns out not to be dead.  Though I don't know if anyone was surprised by that Shock Twist.  <br />Before the Pearl Harbour attack an awful waste - I mean &quot;waste&quot; as in &quot;vast empty desert&quot; - of time occurs while three mannequins, two male, one female, each flatter than cardboard, read out unbelievably flat, cliched dialogue at each other.  It probably only took up an hour or so of screen time, but in the theatre it felt like days.  <br />Affleck, Beckinsale and Bay's acting is not ... outstandingly good or bad; the real problem is an absolute clunker of a script, dragging out the dull exposition of a plot nobody could reasonably care about.  I wasn't the only one squirming with boredom until the Explosions Came.    <br />When the Japanese airforce finally turn up, it's like the 5th Cavalry arriving to save the film.  People have complained the film is anti-Japanese; actually it does make some effort to present the Japanese side (though not mentioning the unprovoked US navy shelling of Tokyo in the 19th century, which is not _entirely_ unrelated to the Japanese revenge some decades later).  <br />But all seriousness aside, when the Japanese planes arrived it's a grand sight and it lifts the movie no end.  People who've been sitting through the day-time sudser of a plot, to that point, could hardly be blamed if they wished that a couple of Zero pilots would get the main cast in their sights and ... I mean, the Japanese were aggressors, Hitler's allies, and did unspeakable things during the war, etc, but this film is so tedious that it actually had me cheering the Japanese on.  So in its own way this US film helps the cause of international harmony.  If not the cause of film-making.  <br />Basically, there's enough special effects in this movie's three hours to make a really exciting rock video.  But there's not much else.  And for that video you'd still have to choose your own music.  The film's own score is as flat and uninteresting as the script, even in the KA-BLAMM! sequence.  <br />In short, this is another film where they put more thought into a single explosion than they put into the entire script.  Eventually someone will notice that you can't make a flm that way: in the meantime the good news is that a screenwriter's strike wouldn't affect the production of films like this, one way or the other.  <br />Cheers!<br />Laon
B000007T1M|5.0|Alot of you know that SOAD is of Armenian decent, but alot of you also dont know is that many of their songs pay homage to a period in World War 1 when 1.5 million Armenians where butcherd by the turks in a genocide that was the basis for the holocaust.<br />Today, the Turksih government denies everything and has made one of the biggest cover ups in history. I know this for a fact because my great grandmother was in one of the death marches, and she narrowly escaped.<br />Songs like P.L.U.K.,Sugar and Cubert are plain references to the genocide, where songs like Spiders and Suite-pee are pounding references to the horrors of the time. From the spooky, headbanging assault of Mind, to the explosion of Spiders, System of a Down is an album you will not regret buying.
0446608955|5.0|A Walk to Remeber is a great book, it really keeps you wanting more and it's very sweet!
B000002IZM|5.0|This soundtrack is wounderful and the music is blended with some of the dialogue. If you are any kind of Blade Runner or Vangelis fan you must own this cd.
B00003CXSP|4.0|This film has nothing in common with its predecessor &quot;Silence Of The Lambs&quot; except that Anthony Hopkins once again plays Hannibal Lecter with that same witty and delicious sense of cunning and all out swarm and overt sex appeal. This paints a much more even film thatn its &quot;Silence...&quot;, where as in that film the whole atmosphere was swamped in a sort of thick unbearable nightmare.  This film is more visually driven giving the viewer a rush with the eyes instead of with the mind. The director Ridley Scott does what James Cameron did with Aliens after Scott filmed the original. Scott uses the films score and dark pallette to give the viewer a sense of displacement in the key scenes of the film. The story is quite simple lecter escapes his to new lands where we find a troubled Starling (Moore) who must put him back behind bars. The film has a perverse game of cat and mouse between Starling and Lecter that has them at key scenes being each others worst nightmares and at others being their saviors! Interms of sheer viewer involvement this film more than out does the original. Just watch the criss cross between columns and rained soaked cobbled streets as a niave pickpocket goes after Lecter only to be done away with. The story is dark, witty, gruesome, sexy and visually spectacular and does more than a great job of holding its own in cinema. If one is looking for the mind games and claustrophobic ambience of &quot;Silence Of The Lambs&quot; than watch that fillm instead.
B000050IMJ|5.0|With an excellent cast and some amazing camera work this proved a bit hit for me. The original storyline and action sequences put me on the edge of my seat as well the clever dialogue which had me in stitches. A must see, if not for the brilliant (and i must say georgeous Nicolas Cage), for the humour and well directed car chases.
B000001E3L|5.0|En los tiempos que corren, que difcil es encontrar buenas grabaciones en concierto, no por la calidad del sonido, sin porque los artistas sean capaces de reproducir sobre un escenario lo que manipulan en un estudio. Esta capacidad solo est al alcance de los grandes y como todos sabemos, Van es el maestro.<br />&quot;A night in San Francisco&quot; es una impresionante demostracin. Rodeado de algunos de los mejores instrumentistas del momento, The Man canta como nunca, improvisa con guitarra, saxo y harmnica, y sobretodo deja espacio para que sus amigos intervengan en las interpretaciones, elevando algunos tracks a la categoria de obras de arte. <br />La calidad del sonido es esplndida y la seleccin de canciones espectacular. Esta es una grabacin histrica, imprescindible para cualquier buena coleccin de jazz o blues que se precie. <br />Los amantes del directo estan a pocos clics de obtener una pieza de museo. No hay ms que hablar. Ladies and gentlemen... Van Morrison !
B00003CXTG|2.0|Pearl Harbor is a movie that strives to be an epic. It is shot in an epic manner and it is near three hours in length. It is directed by Michael Bay, the man responsible for such films as The Rock and Armageddon (both of which Jerry Bruckheimer also produced. Some pedigree, huh? This movie just doesn't know what to do. It tries to be a romantic comedy, and fails. It tries to be a romantic drama, but that fails too. It portrays the Pearl bombing fairly disturbingly (30 mins in a 3+ hour movie. Why was this movie called Pearl Harbor anyhow. It neither starts nor ends there?), even so, the megabucks special effects can't compare to the more subdued but more affecting effects on the true Pearl epic, Tora! Tora! Tora! Sure, the expectations are impossible, but this movie was hyped to be greater than the second coming.<br />I looked at some of the other reviews for this film and a majority of them were praise. One even called this a powerful movie. Manipulative maybe. Endearing? Not to me, this movie has one of the most predictable plots I have ever seen, some of the most hollow and unbelievable characters, and just a plain out lack of originality.<br />Even if you liked the film, you cannot tell me that this film was filled with all kinds of twists and turns. Who actually believed Rafe would die one hour into the movie? Ben Affleck is a hot commodity. Why would they voluntarily deprive him of screen time? And who didn't see the romance between his friend and girlfriend? Come on. The romantic comedy aspect is the most preposterous. The gags are visible a mile away. Some giggles, but no serious laughs here.<br />Archetypes and celebrity cameos pervade this concoction, and the results range from great to bad. Jon Voigt is the great performance, he literally becomes FDR. I didn't even know who it was until I read the paper. Cuba Gooding Jr. plays a Navy Cook, and he has approximately 5 min of time on screen, but he is good in those minutes. It is kind of a flashback to his earlier performance in Men of Honor. Dan Aykroyd is nearly unrecognizable as a Naval Inteligence Analyst who thinks the Japanese will attack at Pearl. He is on for about a minute. These short cameos evoke memories of A Bridge too Far or The Longest Day, but both of those movies had good writing and fine acting from the leads. There's the next problem. Ben Affleck's best performance to date was as Will's friend Chucky in Good Will Hunting, in which he was funny and serious at the same time. Armageddon was a dud, I haven't seen Bounce but it looks like Paltrow and Affleck are a better couple than Breckinridge and Affleck. Which brings me to my next point. Although Kate Breckinridge is a very attractive woman and a fine actress, there is no chemistry between her and Affleck. Josh Hartnett, however, is hard to tell. On one hand, his performance is more convincing than Affleck's. On the other hand, we know less about him. He steals some scenes.<br />The final gripe is that this movie borrows from old war movies, romance novels, etc., that it really has nothing to call its own. Every old cliche is dragged out. None is left out. Rafe is a hero who can do no wrong, Josh Hartnett is his pushover friend, Evelyn is the girl, and can't the love triangle just die already? You'd think that a plot device as old as film itself might eventually go away, but no.<br />This film is emotionally affecting, and after you watch it some of the lines will be stuck in your head. But that is just because of slick filmmaking and the delivery of the lines. The dialogue is mediocre most of the time. Oh, and Alec Baldwin is good as the bomber colonel. Like many modern &quot;epics&quot;, namely The Postman, this movie is not only boring, but trite, boring, unintelligent, boring, long, and boring. If you are really interested in Pearl Harbor on Dec. 7, 1941, pick up the Special Edition of Tora! Tora! Tora!, now on DVD. Leave this to rot in bargain bins once people realize there is no substance here.
6302182557|5.0|This is one of a few action/fantasy films that comes along very rarely with a super cast, plot, location, and enough action to keep everyone entertained even after watching it many times. This is one of my families favorite films, it never gets old or boring, because of the character development, plot, special effects, and just enough humor mixed in with the action and story line to involve anyone who watches it. I would recommend this movie very highly! I cannot wait for a DVD version!
1891252089|5.0|As you begin your lifelong journey with Ashtanga, this book acts a tutor - answering any questions that you may have.  It helped me memorize the sequence, reinforced correct breathing and the pictures are amazing.  If you want to become an Ashtangi as quickly as you can, this book will help.  It is like a dear friend to me... I constatnly consult it after practice.
0393317552|4.0|Apparently, if you take the author at his words, the Europeans have their ACCOMPLISHMENTS and the rest of the world has their JUSTIFICATION as to why they don't have any ACCOMPLISHMENT.<br />And, it had nothing to do with HARD WORK, LEARNING or NATIVE INTELLIGENCE but had everything to do with CATTLE, GEOGRAPHY and EAST-WEST TRADE ROUTES.<br />Simple, right?
B00003CXSM|5.0|I recently saw this movie on Direct TV and loved it.  Matthew Mcconaughay and Jennifer Lopez have great chemistry in it and both do outstanding jobs in the movie.  It will make you feel good and help you believe in real romantic love again.  I wish there were more movies out there like this.
0790731002|4.0|Yep. Maybe this isn't the best Batman movie ever, but is plain fun and Jim Carrey plays 'The Riddler' like he was born to do it!!
B000001IQH|5.0|Rancid is in a class of their own. This is a band that always marched to the beat of their own drum and it makes for amazing music. These guys manage to mix a hardcore sound with socially conscience lyrics to make a sound all their own. With Tim and Lars on vocals it gives the music an edge all their own. Mixed with fast up-beat guitar and drums, it is quite the hardcore/punk album.
B000003CKH|5.0|I discovered &quot;Cake&quot; when I recieved &quot;The Sopranoes&quot; soundtrack as a gift and heard Frank &quot;Sinatra&quot; for the first time(Radio stations are mostly neanderthal in my area of Indiana). Intrigued I bought Nugget and, JOY!! How often does every track on a CD contain thoughtful, complex arrangements, with ecclectic blends of instruments, rythms, and styles? How often do lyrics offer witty, sophisticated observations and poetic refrains in any pop music production? Answer. Rarely! That's, in part, why I loved this offering form &quot;Cake&quot;.
B000001FS3|5.0|The Joshua Tree- released in a decade of glamour and glitz music- is delightfully stark and realistic, almost gritty at times. Bono said it best in a recent interview: <br />   &quot;We were the best band in decade of crap music... even something like With or Without You, which has become somewhat of a staple on the radio, is only that because it was so different from what was being heard, what was getting airplay at the time.&quot;        And certainly it was.  This album opens with the one-element-at-a-time build up (a well used feature on The Joshua Tree) Where The Streets Have No Name, it's a fabulous opener which bursts into the exhilerating guitar and then the opening line &quot;I want to run, I want to hide...&quot;  Where The Streets Have No Name is an anthemic song that can only receive full justification when played on the highest possible volume. One only has to see the music video, filmed at an impromptu downtown L.A. concert, which embodies the entire spirit of Streets.<br />   I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For embodies some of U2's best writing abilities, with stellar lyrics but a weaker melody. The real clincher on the Joshua Tree, which brings it from a well-rounded release to an amazing Grammy-Award winning Album, would be the climactic With or Without You.  This song brought U2 an entirely new fan-base, and you would be hard-pressed to find someone who isn't moved by it.  It's not just the lyrics, or the slowly-rising guitar beat (which is one of the Edge's best), or the clear emotion exhibited by Bono on the track, it's the whole package. Because of With or Without You's versatility, it can be perceived as almost any type of emotion-inspiring song (most have incorrectly classified it as a love song), in reality it is just a song that is raw and open enough that it suits any mood, and invokes a great number of them.<br />   I recommend every single song on this album, because they all compliment each other so that if one were missing, thealbum would present an entirely different front. Running to Stand Still and Exit run along the same lines as With or Without You in their lyric ability, and Bullet the Blue Sky provokes strong images with its equally strong and full sound, the second verse being more-or-less spoken by Bono.  <br />   Although I was still in Elementary school when this album was released, its got a timeless quality that comes from the fact that it doesn't follow any other musical fad (punk, new wave, grunge, etc.) and that it is, as said above, an amazing album. I would also recommend the VHS Rattle and Hum, which includes a wonderfully up-beat, rock concert version of With or Without You.
6304779607|4.0|Need I say more, they should have shown the Killer (Brian Thompson) Killing weakings and skumbags off by the 1000's, o and a weakling like Stallone was not a believable &quot;good guy&quot;, all in all for a older movie this is a cool slasher flick, I like it!
0684867184|5.0|I have appreciated reading Stephen Ambrose's histories of the men and women in the Second World war. They are all written in an extremely personal style. They bring to life the stories of the individuals who experienced life during the war.<br />This book brings the best of Ambrose's style to an examination of his own life. The life of a writer, an historian and a family man. This is an absolutely fabulous book to read for anyone wondering how the heck someone like Ambrose got into writing history for us (the masses) and why he is so good at it.<br />The book is very readable. You will finish in days!
0684803356|5.0|Hemingway is a stickler for details, and it really shows in this book.  The story takes place over only 4 days time.  <br />It starts with Robert Jordan an American dynamiter who has joined with guerllos to fight the fascists.  He is led to a cave by Anselmo an old man, early sixties, where there is a camp.  Pablo is the drunken leader and Pilar is his wife.  Robert Jordan is very inner sociable, he talks to himself a lot, only when he is alone usually, it clears his mind.  <br />This book was truly amazing from the first word to the very last word.  Truly amazing, Hemingway is one of the best authors there ever was.  It would seem that he was actually there to get the details he put into this book, and you can actually see where he is and what he is talking about, and that is what the best authors do.  <br />Reading reviews on Amazon could not make this book any better or worse, so just buy this book and read it, I gurantee is will be hard to put down.  <br />Mark_Sigel
B00004X01U|3.0|I'm a huge Madonna fan....but this doesn't tickle my fancy. It's very creative and intresting,but I enjoy the late-80's Madonna more than this. This does have its classics. The #1 hit from last year &quot;Music&quot; is a great groove track and opens up the CD with a bang. Then we have the 2nd single &quot;Don't Tell Me&quot; which was a huge top ten hit in the US and I love it and its beat. And the 3rd single &quot;What It Feels Like For A Girl&quot; is my personal fave. It was a top 40 hit in the US and its message is great and so are Madonna's vocals. &quot;Amazing&quot; and &quot;I Deserve It&quot; are also great tracks. But &quot;Impressive Instant&quot; really turned me off. I mean,for someone who likes techno and electronic music,it's probably great...but it's just too strange for my musical tastes. So,it's a good album,but I reccomend &quot;Something To Remember&quot; and &quot;The Immaculate Collection.&quot; Those are REALLY worth the money.
B000001Y42|5.0|I already owned Sig other ant cshdfw and i expected this to be the same. man was i wrong. this cd is much more extream and hardcore and i love it.
B000003TBP|5.0|Beck is a god. that is the only way to put it. Beck is the master of his own, self- invented, style called antifolk. this style blends rock, techno, country, folk, blues, and rap into one glorious sound known as Beck. This album is the best compilation of antifolk and various techno stylings around. It produced 3 #1 hits and one additional top 40 single. Most casual beck listeners consider this to be his best album and fanatics like myself agree.
B00003CXZ3|5.0|Those who describe &quot;Memento&quot;s narrative structure as simply one that moves backwards are doing the film a disservice. It's much more complex than that. Sure, part of the narrative moves in reverse chronological order, beginning with the end and moving backwards. But another part moves swiftly forward, starting from the traditional beginning. And then there are a series of flashbacks, which jump back and forth willy-nilly through time. It all culminates somewhere in the middle, the various narratives intersecting with a truly satisfying twist.<br />Those who describe &quot;Memento&quot;s narrative structure as simply an attention-grabbing gimmick are doing the film a disservice. Sure, it's a unique take on a standard film-noirish detective story. But I'd reason that the &quot;gimmick&quot; provides much of the suspense in the story. We know that Leonard kills Teddy in the film's opening scene, but we don't know why. We assume he's got the right man, but the slinky narrative forces us to question everything that we would normally assume. And the twist ending (which really takes place in the middle) would not have nearly the shock appeal if we hadn't already suffered along with Leonard throughout the course of the picture. Our emotional investment in him helps create the exhilarating moment when the curtain is pulled back and we really see who's pulling the levers.  I was grinning wildly at this point, impressed that the filmmakers managed to catch me off guard.<br />Those who describe &quot;Memento&quot;s acting ensemble as anything other than spectacular are doing the film a disservice.  Guy Pearce is laid back, stylish, and cool, even when caught in the midst of a hazardous situation.  He's seen it all before (even if he doesn't really remember it), and that world-weariness is worn well in his role as a typical film noir anti-hero.  He's also a fine example of the post-modern unreliable narrator.  This convention, which works well when utilized in literature, is a tough feat to pull off in film, for the audience sees what the character sees instead of being told about it.  The film's unique structure subverts this point, and Pearce is left carrying the load of exposition.  He does it well.  Joe Pantoliano, as Teddy, sports a cheesy moustache and crewcut, and gets to lurk suspiciously after Leonard even while he's playing as if the two are friends.  Pantoliano imbues Teddy with hidden wisdom and cunning, wrapped up in a package that would intimidate no one.  Carrie-Ann Moss, as the typical moll, does well in bringing out her character's street smarts and savviness.  She appears to be in Leonard's corner, but Moss allows just enough doubt to keep her character intriguing.  The rest of the cast appears too briefly for any solid judgement.  Too bad, because Canadian boy Callum Keith Rennie, hee playing a vindictive drug dealer, is a fine actor who could have done much more than what he was given.<br />Those who describe &quot;Memento&quot;s writer/director as amateurish are doing the film a disservice.  I found Christopher Nolan's work to be relaxed and assured.  He'd have to be in order to keep the various narrative balls juggled in the air.  A movie like this is ripe for continuity goofs and inconsistencies.  After a couple of days contemplation, I can't find any.  And all this while keeping the suspense tight, the story moving, the visuals appealing and perfectly symbolic.  And even though he does his best to keep the audience up to speed, he never panders to the lowest common denominator by providing easy answers.  &quot;Memento&quot; is a movie that you can't watch passively.  It demands (and rewards) your attention.<br />Those who describe &quot;Memento&quot; as anything but a superb piece of filmmaking are doing the film a disservice.  I enjoyed every minute of it, and can't wait to see it again, armed with the knowledge of what really happens.  It's a terrific little movie.<br />Those who describe &quot;Memento&quot; as anything but a superb piece of filmmaking, are doing the film a oh wait, have I told you this before?
0792845684|3.0|I titled my review, &quot;A Very Original Action Film&quot; because I've never seen a movie like this one. There is always a movie about the Vietnam war, or a cops &amp; robbers flick, which I do like those kind of films, I'm simply just proving a point. Besides the Rambo series being my favorite line of films, 'Escape from New York' is one of my other favorite action films.<br />This story is very original...Well, there are films about escaping from prison, but this one had a guy rescuing the president from the prison.<br />If you haven't seen this film, then rent it. If you like it, then buy it. Because this film will guaranteed to leave you satisfied.
B00003CXFV|5.0|Julia Roberts plays a sensational role as a single mom struggling to make ends meet.  This movie is provactive and jovial at the same time.  It shows how human nature can persevere when dedicated to an end result.  This movie is an excellent family movie with the excception of the vulgarity.  It hits home and gives you a warm feeling by the end.  <br />Robert's character invokes attachment from the viewer. You side with her from the get go and for most of us in the world can totally relate to her problems.  <br />Erin finds herself in a car accident and sees the pot at the end of the rainbow.  But her pot is not as large as she had hoped.  Desperate and near destitute she enlists the help of her lawyer... and from here watch out because your gonna go for a ride.<br />Definitely a must see !!
B00003CXSP|3.0|After enjoying the previous movie ten years ago I found that this production deviated way too far from the Thomas Harris book. Had I not read the book \\"Hannibal\\" I would have been total confused. What happened to the ending in the book? I thought that was a perfect way to end \\"Starling's\\" carreer. They were together.... Also I thought that \\"Mason's\\" sister in the book played a very important part. Did she not feed Mason an eel at the end and kill him. Where was she in the movie? What a disappointment after Silence of the Lambs!!!!!!!!!!!!
6302869390|5.0|I saw the movie in the theatre when it was initially released and subsequently purchased the vinyl LP.  Through diligent searching my son found the music CD for me two years ago - it's great.  AS a life long Beatles and Rock and Roll fan the movie knocked me out.  Outstanding performances by so many greats.  I only saw it once and it still sticks with me.  Where is the video?  Is there some reason the company won't release it?  I'd love to see it once more.  Why not DVD?
B00003CXRM|5.0|This was one of the best coen brother's movies to date, which means it is one of the best movies to date. What makes this movie great is the use of music, setting, and great acting performances all around.  The dvd is nice because of the dts mix as well as many extra features.
B00004U8H4|5.0|Simply put, American Psycho is one of the greatest mind games ever put on film.  The venture into the mind has been been exploited by many dramas but never in such a thought-provoking, interactive manner.  Using setting and time, the director puts the viewer in the movie as a conscience for the havoc-wreaking Patrick Bateman.  What we have to figure out is which of the lead characters rage-driven atrocities really happen and which are just the imaginations of an emotionally isolated businessman.  As modern Americans, all of us have had desires to put a snbby bartender in her place, snub a homeless man for not trying hard enough, or in extreme cases, even kill those in our workplace.  Now understandibly, we have the self-restraint to quell these urges, but who hasn't envisioned an endgame for those who torment us?  The beauty of this film is in the mystery.  Is the star a true maniac or is he just so into himself that his delusions of murder are manifested only in the imagination?  That is for you to figure out. Christian Bale puts in a stellar performance as the delusional madman.  Most remarkable are his soliloquies praising the most banal of 1980's pop bands.  \\"Do you like Huey Lewis and the News?\\"  should go down as one of filmdoms most loaded questions.   Director Mary Harron uses a number of different styles to accomplish her interpretation, tapping the slasher films of the 70's and 80's to the Wall Street-esque dialogue.  Harron has created enough scenes that stand alone in their brilliance while infusing a storyline that leaves no lack of watchability. Rent it, buy it, ... you must see this film if you are a true afficionado of great film-making.
B000002TP7|5.0|This is probably one of the Beastie Boys' most well-known albums. It's not their greatest, but it's excellent and provides some of the Beasties' best moments. Ill Communication doesn't really depart from its predecesor Check Your Head. Rather, it continues the direction the Boys were going with Check Your Head. However, Ill still sounds different from ...Head. It's a little more sample-based, features fewer instrumental tracks, and is a little less lo-fi so to speak. &quot;Sure Shot&quot; is a classic, &quot;Sabatoge&quot; is as energetic as it was back then, and &quot;Get It Together&quot; features Q-Tip when ATCQ was still alive and well. The instrumental tracks such as &quot;Ricky's Theme&quot; and &quot;Sabrosa&quot; are also very good. The one problem with the album is that there's a little too much distortion on some the Boys' vocals on some of the vocal tracks. But otherwise, Ill Communication is practically flawless. If you're a fan or even if you're not a fan, get this album. Just don't expect an album of &quot;Sabatoge&quot;'s like some people did back then.
B000002BMV|5.0|This is an incredibly special album to me. I will never forget it. It is the first album I ever purchased. And I have never parted with it. It is a part of who I am. Oh I wish all music did this to me. Of course then I be one of those DJ's that rules the world! Oh but you guys would love it! I'd take requests, don't worry.<br />Getting off track a little there, sorry. Anyone who is reading this loves Journey. You know of their worth. Steve, Neal, Johnathan and all of 'em have proven themselves in every way. You must own this album. You know it. It is AWESOME--enuff said about that.<br />That being said, I must say what sells me the most in any music besides the actual composition is the obvious musical talent of vocals, musicians and their interpretation of it...is HEART. Heart is what it is all about! And it is here. Heart is in the lyrics and Steve's voice and every instrument. These guys ROCK and they will never die...that is what music is all about. Does it stay with you and touch you every time you listen? And through the years, make even more sense and you appreciate it even more? Yes? Me too. Cool.<br />Favorites of mine include (in order of the album): &quot;Don't Stop Believin'&quot; (a tribute to my friend--you know who you are!); &quot;Stone in Love&quot; (just because it is a tribute to youth--to me it isn't about sex but the freedom of youth--plus it just plain ROCKS!); &quot;Who's Crying Now&quot; (yes love will survive somehow, someway all right...); the touching emotional ballad that really touches my heart right now at this very moment, &quot;Still They Ride;&quot; &quot;Escape,&quot; another expression of the strength and freedom of youth; &quot;Mother, Father&quot;--I always loved this melody- fabulous and then of course, last but certainly not least, the emotional, incredible &quot;Open Arms....&quot; no words about that one, only...o8E.
B0000027RL|5.0|Reading Spin's nice piece on the history of Pearl Jam, it surprises me that there were some who thought that Pearl Jam where making grunge too tame or commercializing it at the time Ten was released. Ten is an excellent, classic album by a great band. The songs do not sound like they're begging for radio/video play at all. Pearl Jam's debut album does not sound overly-polished or watered-down. &quot;Once, &quot;Alive, &quot;Evenflow,&quot; &quot;Jeremy,&quot; &quot;Black,&quot; etc. are all powerful, loud, melodic, and superbly-written and performed songs. The lyrics and music are excellent. Rock fans should not pass this album up. This should be in your collection. Yeah, the singles are somewhat overplayed, but do not let that scare you away from this album.
0618001905|4.0|Hochschild does an amazing job of reconciling conflicting reports of the Belgian Congo's past.  His straight-forward presentation of the horrors inflicted on an entire population while the world was deceived by King Leopold's 'humanitarian actions' are humanized with descriptions from missionaries and explorers who witnessed the atrocities first-hand.<br />This description of world-wide deception, unmeasurable personal greed, and the contagious lethality of power makes one look at current political struggles with more than one question as to what is happening behind the scenes.
B000003TA4|5.0|While many argue that Nevermind is either overrated or underrated, I find it to be both. <br />It's overrated since I disagree with many calling it the greatest album of all-time or the greatest alt-rock album ever. It's not the greatest album ever or even the greatest alt-rock album. Albums like the Pixies' Doolittle, R.E.M.'s Murmur, The Clash's London Calling, and Pavement's Slanted And Enchanted are all better rock albums than Nevermind. Why VH1 called it the second greatest album of rock &amp; roll is a mystery to me.<br />However, Nevermind is underrated since many seem to ignore how talented and great Nirvana was. Yeah, they sold millions of records and broke into the mainstream, but they never sold out or changed their sound to become popular. I seriously doubt they wanted to become as big as they did. They did not &quot;rip-off&quot; the Pixies, Husker Du, or Sonic Youth. Rather, they took those influences and created a sound that was their own. There is not one weak track on Nevermind. &quot;Something In The Way,&quot; &quot;Come As You Are,&quot; &quot;In Bloom,&quot; &quot;Drain You,&quot; etc. are all great, brilliant songs. The only thing that might take away from the album is that fact that their singles (&quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit,&quot; &quot;Lithium,&quot; &quot;Come As You Are,&quot; and &quot;In Bloom&quot;) were seriously overplayed on MTV and radio. But is that Nirvana's fault? Nope.<br />Nevermind is a very, very, very good album. It deserves a listen from rock fans everywhere. It is one of those albums where you won't skip any tracks. Nirvana had their own, unique sound and were very original and creative. The greatest album ever? Nope. An excellent and classic album? Yes.
6304712936|5.0|&quot;Amadeus&quot; has been one of my all-time favorite films since High School. While the details of the film are not 100% historically accurate, I was always impressed by the fact that Elizabeth Berridge, Simon Callow, and Nicholas Kepros each bear a striking resemblance to contemporary illustrations of Constanze Weber Mozart, Emmanuel Schickaneder, and Archbishop Collorado. As for Tom Hulce's irascible Mozart, the blue-eyed brat among Emperor Joseph II's court composers, I still have the oil pastel drawing I did of him in a scene from the movie hanging in my house. I've always felt that he was cheated out of the Oscar for Best Actor of 1984. It's as if the Academy felt it would be too scandalous to let an &quot;Animal House &quot; alumni have an Oscar. In truth, Hulce's Mozart seems to be a carry-over of his role in &quot;Animal House&quot; at times. But he was absolutely brilliant in the part. In the more serious scenes as Mozart's career problems mount, and he first encounters the Man in Black (who, in reality, was a man in gray), his face resembles that of Ryan O'Neal's &quot;Barry Lyndon&quot;, another 18th century character, and I wonder if Milos Forman hired him for that reason. Roy Dotrice was solemn and dignified as the father who is no longer able to keep his child prodigy son or his career on track. In Jeffery Jones' first scenes as the Emperor Joseph, he resembled a one-dimensional painting; There was nothing one-dimensional about his performance, in which he could be very indecisive about the technicalities about music, but very firm on the issues of appropriate pieces for theatre. Some years ago, a revamped version of Peter Shaffer's stage play of &quot;Amadeus&quot; made its debut in the town where I live, and the play was definitely Salieri's show. In this film, F. Murray Abraham's Salieri, who, in reality probably didn't have a thing to do with Mozart's death, is a somber, embittered character, who could have had an easier life if he had confronted Mozart head-on about his shortcomings instead of scheming to destroy him. Elizabeth Berridge's Constanze is strong and supportive as Mozart's wife. She could hold her own against her husbands' unsavory cohorts when she had to, proving that the women of that era weren't always as passive as they may have seemed, although she still seemed overwhelmed by her husband's excessive behavior. A contemporary magazine review of &quot;Amadeus&quot; complained that the other Court composers were too subservient, but apparently, this is a realistic portrayal of the 18th century Austrian Court, and what American audiences tend to overlook is that people close enough to world leaders understand how difficult their jobs can be, and aren't as likely to contradict an Emperor on comparatively minor issues such as the theatre. In a smaller, less complex country like 18th century Austria certain forms of censorship, such as those advocated by Joseph II, may have been necessary to keep order. A pre-&quot;Sex and the City&quot; era Cynthia Nixon is a wide-eyed and frightened servant named Lorl, who witnesses the decline of the Great Composer, and is paid for her services by Salieri. The decline of Mozart is depicted with all the modern sensationalism of the demise of any young celebrity. We watch as Mozart's supporters either die or slip away, and as his impracticality with money affects his lifestyle, health, and his closest relationships. One wishes that there had been more understanding of child prodigies back then, and of their need for some normalcy in their lives, even though Mozart himself may not have been saved even by that. Ultimately, we see his life as a glorious, musical romp through a Rococo-decorated kaleidescope with a world of palaces and opera houses, the spreading of his music's popularity among the commoners of the land, and finally spiraling downward to an early and tragic death, which was poignantly, but not accurately portrayed in the movie. The final scenes of the Mozarts together tug at the heartstrings as the dying composer reconciles with his wife, and the funeral scene is devastating. Amadeus...The name means beloved of God, and happily, the film bearing this name was the beloved of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
B00004SYWZ|5.0|This is one of the best cd's I bought lately. Very nice music that actually DOES NOT sound like they take a short tune about 5 seconds and replay it for 5 mins (Yes if you did not know thats what they do in RAP). Some music on this cd is fast and some slow. I think alot of people will find it very enjoyable to listen. And if you like A-HA anyways and just wonder if you should spend over $... to buy it. The answer is yes, I would actually pay more if i had to to get it(considering how much junk there is out there for $..., it's a MUST GET).
B00003CXSP|2.0|I loved &quot;Silence of the Lambs&quot;, so I was very curious to see the sequel. Unfortunantly, to me the movie comes off as being entirely unbelievable to an almost outrageous degree. Hannibal Lecter is supposed to be an extremely intelligent, resourceful man, yet he repeatedly makes very clumsy mistakes. Clarice had an interesting relationship with him, but I feel she would have never used lethal violence on others to rescue the &quot;good cannibal&quot; from a fate he rightly had coming to him. The man who once opened handcuffs with a small pork bone had to do what to his own hand to get out the second time around?    One of my biggest complaints was the unforgivible lack of attention given to details. From a poorly written letter, to ridiculous high definition, widescreen &quot;security camera footage&quot;, and an FBI website that uses a flashplayer &quot;Warning: Do Not Enter&quot; button. To make up for the outrageous lack of suspense or viable plot line, they decided to make the death scenes really graphic. And as a grand finale, they decided to make Hannibal's last gruesome murder a 100% impossibility. I think it's time for everybody's favorite cannibal to retire once and for all... he's starting to REALLY lose it.
B000002LCK|5.0|This double CD is one that, in my opinion, needs to be in every music lover's collection.  New Order were definitely pioneers when it came to techno, new wave, and dance music.  Although not their greatest hits, this CD actually blows their Greatest Hits Cd away.  The first CD is actually their first 12 singles released in succession.  The best thing about these versions are that they are all the long versions and not the shortened ones that you would hear on the radio.  All the tracks are good but the standouts on disc 1 include Blue Monday, Thieves Like Us, Perfect Kiss, Bizarre Love Triangle, and of course, their only top 40 hit from this compilation, True Faith.  The second disc is just as good and seems to be more beat driven.  The standouts on that disc are The Beach (killer re-mix of Blue Monday), Thieves Like Us Instrumental, and Kiss Of Death (re-mix of Perfect Kiss).  I honestly can listen to this CD every second of every day and never get tired of it.  It's amazing how many of these songs will sound familiar to you, especially if you grew up in the '80s like I did.  If you love techno/electronica music as well as new wave of the '80's and dance music, then you must buy this album.  Heck, if you just like GOOD MUSIC, then you need to buy this CD.  It is simply the most phenomenal music that I have ever heard!
B00003CWTI|3.0|I had a great feeling about this film when it started.  The opening scenes concerning coincidence were great, and the sharply edited introductions to the characters had me expecting something truly exceptional.  So from the outset I had this feeling I was really going to enjoy this film .... about two hours into it the objectivity set in.  I usually tend to love or hate films, but with this one it's both at the same time.  When it comes to acting, I'd be hard pushed to think of anything better. There are some truly outstanding performanes here, and there are moments of genuine brilliance in  terms of direction, script, camera work etc. which made me feel I was watching something truly special.  My difficulties with the film started to emerge after the first 90 minutes or so.  The story about the child genius pissing himself, the ex-child genius feeling stupid and fancying the bartender .... all of a sudden, my feelings of 'this is an incredible film', started to be replaced by 'I'm being preached to'.  There's nothing wrong with a film having a message - but this started feeling like a stale, old message .. and it was being forced down my throat.  Perhaps the following musical interlude might have worked if it wasn't for that, but as it was I found it kinda irritating.  After that, the whole thing seemed to drag. To loose it's way. I was wishing it was over for what seemed like hours - attention was grabbed back by the frogs - but lost again by the end. To conclude, it's a brilliant idea, marvelously acted - but with some tired themes which are dragged out to excessive lengths.  I'd recommend that people see this film to make up their own minds, and I'm glad I saw it myself - it has classic moments, but it's not a classic in itself.
6305014140|5.0|An excellant and violent love story with great animation. A MUST own DVD. The transfer is excellant, the surround sound is even better on a good system, and the extras are a nice touch. But the reason to own this is story and quality of the animation, even girls will like this one if they give it a chance!
B00005K3LU|5.0|...and Willis is terrific. The DVD extras alone are worth the price of admission. The cutting-room feature is a blast, I could sit for hours rearranging shots. And I love discs which include the filmscript!
B00004XONN|5.0|Like a classic Yes album, Kid A eschews hit singles and all manner of accessibility in favor of a long journey through sound (50 minutes to be exact). The method of each track varies in the way that OK Computer did, but to greater extremes. Electronics, loops, voices and echoes, textural keyboards, processed drums and guitars, make up the soundscape of this puzzling release. The resulting feeling is of inescapable gloom, but also a sort of melodic comfort - all the material is subtle, but it becomes more understandable with time. I can honestly say that I enjoy hearing this album in its entirety (the way it should be heard), and I am glad that at least one band is willing to create different, experimental music in the face of all the grungy and rap-rock posing currently in the modern rock scene. Kid A is not everyone's cup of tea, but it is a masterpiece in its own way.
B00005J6UP|5.0|The DVD just about lives up to all of the build up.  The feature length commentary is pretty spectacular since they actually show all of the original cast members (with the movie in a small window) for many of the scenes.  Its great to see all of the actors, especially those that have sort of dropped from public view through the years (i.e. Data, Chunk, and the girls).  Also, its really cool to finally see the deleted octapus scene (which is so corny its good they deleted it), and others.  The Cyndi Lauper video is also a nice touch.  I love this movie...it makes me feel like a kid again growing up in the mid-80s...those were good days.  AAAA++++++ on this DVD!!!
B00005LW7R|5.0|When Bryn Terfel first performed this work here in Australia, many critics believed he would rise to become one of the great Falstaffs of our age. They were right.  Terfel's cheeky nature makes him the ideal person to portray the big oaf with the required amount of non-humility. His arias (for want of a better word) are some of the finest singing on this set.  He is superbly matched by Thomas Hampson as the jealous Ford. His second act aria is an absolute highlight for me and nearly made me burst into spontaneous applause at the conclusion (until I realised I would have looked stupid clapping a cd). Hampson brings both fear and humbleness to the role which is rare, but not in Hampson who, along with Terfel, must surely be one of the great male voices of our time.  The ladies fare well too, headed by Adrienne Pieczonka as Alice. Although, at the risk of sounding like a Gramophone Magazine pedant, she does occasionally lose some of the brightness and sparkle in her middle register- not that it matters a lot to the untuned ear, it is still a memorable performance nonetheless.  The supporting roles are all sung superbly with the right choice of character voice for each one.  Vocally, the only drawback is Daniil Shtoda's Fenton who has a rather annoying vibrato when pitching his top notes. It's almost as if he's trying a little TOO hard.  Commanding it all is the skillful hand of Claudio Abbado. Being a Verdi veteran (and having created, arguably, two defenitive recordings of Verdi operas- &quot;Simon Boccenegra&quot; and &quot;Macbeth&quot;) he brings all his wealth of knowledge to this score.  At no time does he sound forced with tempo and the Berliners respond with their usual finesse and grace.  The set is well worth the money, and it more than compliments the old Karajan, Gobbi, Schwarzkopf set from the 50's. I believe that this recording will surely go down as one of the finest releases of the year.
B00003CXSP|2.0|I watched Hannibal with a fresh mind for a new story about Dr. Lector.  The movie was interesting, but, only half of the gore seemed to work.  The last gory scene, where the brain is shown, sent me detouring from the story to what were the filmakers thinking???? NO GORE SHOULD SEND YOUR MIND AWAY FROM A MOVIE, BUT SHOULD BE USED TO SEND YOU DEEPER INTO IT.  Gore is a tool, which is abused in Hannibal.  The savers of this movie were the actors.  The script wasen't very bad, but would have been scarier with less gore.  Also, it wouldn't have been hard to put in a little more thought.  The 2 disc set though is deeply satisifyng for special features with multiangle features and tons of trailers and posters and making of features.  To leave you off with, don't watch Hannibal expecting much, and you will walk away satisfied....
B00003CXSP|1.0|This was one of the most boring movies I have ever seen. It starts with Hannibal in Italy, and Sterling on executive review, possibly loosing her career. Very slow paced. The graphic seens were good, but they really didn't come till very late in the movie. I expected so much better. Was very disappointed.
6302968143|5.0|This is such a great movie it is absolutely one of my favorite movies, it is entertaining , funny , exciting , scary but not too scary , fun , and a great tale. It is a movie one can watch all of the time and over and over again. Defenitely watch and get this movie!
6300182193|4.0|I found this old favorite of my, chilling while mixed with a soft and sensual nature intertwined. Frank Langella was a superb vampire, because he added sort of a sympathetic element to this sometimes cold and mysterious character. It fits the mold of the modern vampire films. A must see!
B00004Y6O7|5.0|This is the album which is so different than all the other Halen albums.  It's very dark, extremely well written,  and the guitar playing is so melodic that it's  ridiculous. A MUST OWN for a guitar player.  Most Eddie fans will tell you that this is his best.
B000002MFN|5.0|This amazing album is without a doubt one of Madonna's greatest albums. There's something about it the stands out among the rest of her great masterpieces such as her follow up album &quot;Bedtime Stories&quot; or her first greatest hits album, &quot;The Immaculate Collection&quot;. Madonna shows off her great vocal range on this album as well. Despite it's sleazy and notorious image, this album was made during one of Madonna's most artistic periods (1992-1993) and it didn't get left behind. It's so unfortunate that this album was so overlooked because of her erotic &quot;SEX&quot; book because it has some truly addicting songs on it. The singles from this album were all very very well done. Fever is a sexy and exotic cover of Peggie Lee's 1950's hit. Deeper and Deeper that stands out among the rest and has this thing that when you listen to it, you just HAVE to get up and start dancing. Rain is one of her most beautiful ballads and is great to listen to on a rainy day. Give this album a try. It's excellent.
0345363132|4.0|A very good novel. For History, the definitive bio is by Charles Ross. I get the impression from some of the other reviewers that this novel is the only book on the subject for their taste. True, much will never be known, but the kids dissappeared once he took power, and he killed several opposers with no trial, or by tribunal of his supporters. It is important to remember who Henry Tudors' English supporters were: mostly of Edward IVs household. I'd say they had some idea of who they were fighting against. If there was any thought that the Princes were alive, would Henry take such a deadly risk? As I've said, tho, good novel. I'm writing this, coincidently, on the anniversary of Bosworth, the greatest day in the history of Wales since the days of Owen Glendower and of King Arthur. Henry was taking on much longer odds that day than Richard. Imagine having the Stanley Bros. as 'allies'? Whew!
B00005A1PR|5.0|This is one of the greatest albums I have purchased in a long time,I liked it so much that I ordered another for my daughter and she loves it too....so this music bridges all ages.
B000000OUJ|5.0|WITHOUT A DOUBT THE GREATEST HIPHOP ALBUM OF ALL TIME<br />What is the first thing that comes to your mind when the album Liquid Swords is brought up? Maybe the word PERFECTION, maybe CREATIVE, possibly ORIGINAL, or maybe just plain ILL. There is thousands of words that could be used to describe this classic, and every word would have to be a positive one. <br />Ask any super sick hip-hop junkie who the greatest emcee of all time is, you may get a few Rakims or KrsOnes in there, but for the most part the without a doubt answer would be the Gza/Genius. NO other EMCEE comes close to being as sick as this kat. <br />Then ask what is the greatest hip-hop album of all time, guess what you get the answer Liquid Swords. It puzzles me why this album isnt about 20 x platinum. The Gza remains very low key, but anyone who is into deep hip-hop understands this album is beyond classic, beyond this day and time. <br />Give Rza just as much credit as the Gza. This album is Rza's pinnacle of work as fas as production goes. I dont feel a lot of the Wu material unless it goes back as far as the 36 Chambers, but this album's production is simply amazing. <br />Every single track is beyond perfect. <br />My personal favorites are Cold World and Duel of the Iron Mic. But all the tracks are just astonishing. I would elaborate more on each track but I have a life. <br />Just to say if you dont have this beyond classic lp you need to get this. Seriously.
B00003CXSP|1.0|Hannibal Dr. Cannibal. I can't believe anyone can sit through this movie. It's too sickening. I've seen horror films that are equally disturbing without Cannibalism. All I can say is the film will most certainly convert meat lovers into vegetarians. My Advice steer clear if you're too sensitive and faint hearted!
B000000OUJ|5.0|WITHOUT A DOUBT THE GREATEST HIPHOP ALBUM OF ALL TIME<br />What is the first thing that comes to your mind when the album Liquid Swords is brought up? Maybe the word PERFECTION, maybe CREATIVE, possibly ORIGINAL, or maybe just plain ILL. There is thousands of words that could be used to describe this classic, and every word would have to be a positive one. <br />Ask any super sick hip-hop junkie who the greatest emcee of all time is, you may get a few Rakims or KrsOnes in there, but for the most part the without a doubt answer would be the Gza/Genius. NO other EMCEE comes close to being as sick as this kat. <br />Then ask what is the greatest hip-hop album of all time, guess what you get the answer Liquid Swords. It puzzles me why this album isnt about 20 x platinum. The Gza remains very low key, but anyone who is into deep hip-hop understands this album is beyond classic, beyond this day and time. <br />Give Rza just as much credit as the Gza. This album is Rza's pinnacle of work as fas as production goes. I dont feel a lot of the Wu material unless it goes back as far as the 36 Chambers, but this album's production is simply amazing. <br />Every single track is beyond perfect. <br />My personal favorites are Cold World and Duel of the Iron Mic. But all the tracks are just astonishing. I would elaborate more on each track but I have a life. <br />Just to say if you dont have this beyond classic lp you need to get this. Seriously.
B00004R99L|5.0|My favorite disney film. A valid alternative to Disney sequels! DISNEY ORIGINALS!
B00003CXCS|5.0|The Sound of Music is one of my all time favorie movies because of its universal appeal. So many great sceans in this movie will evoke emotion in anyone, anytime, anywhere regardless of your interests, background, or tastes. If you are an admierer of good music, great classic movies, musicals, amazing performers like Julie Andrews and Christopher Plummer, outdoors, travel, or history or just want to watch an enjoyable movie, this is the movie for you.
0780622553|5.0|As a Sci-fi fan, I've seen it all, and the new films are not making any difference anymore...but Dark City definetely is. The film is very well done, with very good fx, but most important, with an excellent plot (probably where new films mostly fail). The DVD Platinum Edition offers Fullscreen format, a Remote Control based game (don't expect too much, anyway!) and lots of additional features. I loved the film...
0060194995|5.0|It's funny to me how I learned about the book &quot;To Kill A Mockingbird.&quot; I was new the new kid in school. All those there before me seemed to be talking about this book. They read it the year before and talked fondly of it. I don't know how, but it always seemed to come up every now and then in different classes. I never heard of it until then. In fact, for the longest time, I didn't even understand what they were calling it. They said the name so fast that for the longest time I thought they were saying Tequila Mockingbird. Then, one day I realized that it wasn't Tequila, but TO KILL A. I am glad I found out the correct name. But, now I know why it made such an impression on them, which is what caused me to even think twice about and even remember the book. Luckily less than a year ago, I saw the book in an advertisement, so I bought the book. It was fantastic. First, I loved how the book was told from the perspective of a little girl. I continually found myself chuckling at some of the reasoning of the young story teller, just as my own 7 year old cousin might make me laugh with the things that she says and does. Beyond this aspect of the book, was of course the story itself. It truely reminds us that morals like honesty, standing up for what's right, treating all people with respect, and that we never know a man until we walk in his shoes are things that are important in life today, just as they were back then. A book like &quot;To Kill A Mockingbird&quot; is a classic because it touches on issues that span all lifetimes. In short, I found the reading to be easy, the twists of the plot to be intriguing, the capers of the children to be funny and endearing, the speeches of their father to be inspiring, and most of all their relationship with Boo Radley (their painfully shy neighbor) to be touching!!! A must read for every person in America!!!!!!!
B00004Y6NV|5.0|I have been a Dire Straits fan since Sultans of Swing hit the airwaves, and I find this to be their best.  I love this album!  The songs in here range from rock to blues, from humorous to introspective.  The songwriting here is Mark Knopfler at his best.  This is an album I always keep going back to.
B00003CX9E|1.0|It sounds so great. Just what I've been waiting for, Citizen Kane on DVD with lots of stuff as a bonus. THEN YOU READ &quot;Aspect ratio, full screen standard&quot;. This is not the original theatrical frame, you know, with the black bands above and below. The left and right sides have been cut off so the TV screen is filled. What a stupid decision to present what is still considered the greatest american film ever made in this way. I'll wait till the real thing comes out on DVD to buy. RG
B000002MJC|5.0|A Fantastic album that YOU the music fan\lover\hater must have. This album have 10 fantastic and very well composed songs. A very diverse record that touches upon rock,gospel,soul,industrial,electronica,ambient,classical but sounds exactley like DM. There is Not a reason to Not check out this album. In my words this is the most Important Album of all time!!
0345440757|1.0|I am a first time mother and faithfully read dozens of books before my child was born.  &quot;The Baby Whisperer&quot; was one book that was recommended by a friend and I read it with a highlighter in hand.  The information in this book led to six weeks of intense frustration and many tears during the first weeks of life with my baby.  I followed the single sided breast feeding method she recommends and I now have a daughter who is severely underweight (she is six weeks and is only 6.5 lbs), my milk supply has dimished to nearly nothing, and I'm now having to supplement with formula to remedy all of this mess.  Also, the EASY method is a joke.  I tried that for all of 24 hours and realized it was impossible to regiment a newborn like that.  Newborns have no biological clock nor any circadian sleep rhythms yet--therefore EASY would never work on a typical newborn.  I strongly discourage anyone from supporting this woman's harmful ideas--I regret reading this book and it is now where it should have been six weeks ago:  IN THE GARBAGE!
B00003CXSP|5.0|In the sequel to the 1991 Academy Award Winning film, &quot;The Silence of the Lambs&quot;, Ridley Scott (Gladiator, Alien) sits in the director's chair aspiring a new gore fest sequel featuring the return of Dr. Hannibal Lecter (Academy Award Winner Anthony Hopkins), the canibalistic psychiatrist now roaming freely in Italy.  Under the name of Dr. Fell, Lecter's case is reopened after un-faced Mason Verger (Gary Oldman) seeks revenge upon him for his face being totally dismantled.  F.B.I. Agent Clarice Starling returns, this time played by Julianne Moore, after receiving a letter from Hannibal, she also begins to search him when learning that an Inspector Pazzi has discovered Lecter's being in Italy.  Pazzi as well, wants to capture Dr. Lecter for the $3,000,000.00 reward.  Though, the doc just might have a plan of his own, to seek out his beloved Clarice, and toy with her brain once more.  In doing so, the silence has been broken.<br />Of course, anyone which is almost everyone who enjoyed the first fright-fest original, Jonathan Demme's &quot;Silence of the Lambs&quot;, then learning that a sequel from acclaimed director Ridley Scott, was being put into action, we all long awaited the return of Dr. Hannibal &quot;The Cannibal.&quot;  We expected it to have the same scope as the original, of course because it was being helmed by the one and only Ridley, himself.  What began to draw back audiences was Jodie Foster not returning to her as Clarice Starling, instead being replaced by Julianne Moore.  Well February 9th, 2001 came, and audiences flocked to the theater to see the doc eat some human flesh once more, but half the audience was displeased, being it was a complete turn to the story of Hannibal Lecter, and that he didn't have the same spine tingling effect of the first.  Even while audiences got a new slice of the doc, they felt it was just a sequel filled with gore that was supposed to turn them on.  Pulling in $200,000,000.00 though, was a gold mine for thesequel.<br />I have to admit that I was impressed with this sequel, being Anthony Hopkins brought a new light to himself, and you finally see that there is at least a tad bit of care in his heart.  He will still slash and bite for a good time, but he loves Clarice Starling so much, that for those of you who have seen the end of this film, you know what I'm talking about.  He was still a spine tingling character, still had those words of kindness, as well as those dark words of terror.  That cracking fearsome smile still remained.  The calamity of Gary Oldman's disgusted Mason Verger character was unique, as well nasty.  How could one cut his own face off with a shard of glass just because a crazed psychiatrist tells him to?  Maybe it's just the power in Hopkins' voice.<br />While delightful, but just not a wonderful as hoped, Julianne Moore takes over for the magnificent Jodie Foster.  Moore's southern accent is nowhere near as good as Jodie's was.  Jodie was very believable and convincing, while Moore is missing a believable piece to the way she portrayed Clarice.  If Foster had returned, audiences would probably be raving about this film.  Moore was obviously not the right pick to replace Foster.  MGM should've waited on production if Foster's schedule was so busy.<br />Director Ridley Scott directs a star-cast group, and weaves in Thomas Harris's novel quite nicely, except for the gore-filled, gross out, surprise ending.  Now I have read the book &quot;Hannibal&quot;, and I just saw the film today, and have to admit that I was much more into the film.  It took me to the same world &quot;Silence&quot; did, which to me is a very positive account.  I still felt that same feeling of thrills, especially when Lecter had on his face-guarding mask from the first film, than I realized that I was watching a great sequel to an original.  Scott's crafting of this intelligent suspense thriller is absolutely phenomenal as well engaging.  The story really picks you up from yourseat, and you can feel the reality of Dr. Lecter.  Ridley Scott is obviously a wonderful director, and knows what a sequel needs.  There was basically no strong profanity, no real nudity (except for drawings) and no sexual content.  It's the gory gruesome violence that plugged this film into the &quot;R&quot; rated category, which it very well deserved.  I can understand Ridley's feel to make this film have a bigger gore count than the original, to show audiences a lot more than anything they'd seen before.  Scott's directing ability, though, is fantastic, and so is this sequel he has directed, which is worthy to the original.<br />With Foster not being present for the sequel, it fails to fascinate most audiences like the original did. While Hopkins'performance is &quot;to die for&quot;, Julianne Moore isn't good enough to play Clarice, which flopped the film's success with the critics' and audiences' likeness.  Ridley Scott's timing was perfect for this film (10 years later), but if waiting was needed for Foster, they should've waited.  The plot was fabulous for a strong &quot;sequel&quot; which captures the same wit of &quot;Silence of the Lambs&quot;, but performance wasn't all there.  As though for Anthony Hopkins, we were just awaiting to here one more time: &quot;Hello Clarice.&quot;<br />&quot;Hannibal does deserve five stars, being one of the best sequels this year.  This is one that lives up to its original, but needed to keep the same stars in the roles they belonged in- basically I'm talking about Jodie Foster.  Try HANNIBAL if you can handle strong gore violence, but otherwise, pass on it.&quot;- MJV &amp; the Movies.
0060934719|5.0|When I finished reading this book, I turned around and read it over again! A lush, grown up fairytale, it is now one of my favorites. Funny, whimsical, and bright, the wonderful thing about this book is that I recaptured that feeling of wonder and anything-is-possible that I had when reading my favorite books of magic and mystery as a child.<br />The story centers around a boy named Tristran, who lives in the ordinary hamlet of Wall, which rests on the border of the never-ordinary otherworld, the homeland of Tristrans mother. Certain events compel Tristran to journey thru the Wall and into Faerie. It is here that the author really gets to make use of voluptous language and description. A quote:<br /> &quot; A warm wind stroked Tristran's face: it smelled like peppermint, and black current leaves, and red, ripe plums...&quot;<br /> This is an offbeat journey of beautiful and occasionally horrific events that has left me wondering when I will find another like it.
B00001QEFU|4.0|Twisted sister's best album. I grew up watching them in the bars in the NY Tri-State area. They were clearly the best bar band of the late 70's and 80's. This album is a culmination of all their hard work. You won't be disappointed!
B000002A3T|4.0|I didnt think i would care to much for this cd when i first heard of it, but was curious of what it would sound like. When i first listened to it i didnt think to much of it untill i got to high hopes, then i had to listen to the whole cd again and it just keeps getting better the more you listen to it. Dont get this untill you've listened to Dark Side, Wish, Animals, and the Wall.
B00003CXSP|5.0|I just bought the Dvd this morning and it's wonderful,it's packed with extras and neat little options,Regardless of what some may say about Hannibal it's the perfect movie about the Cannibal with culture and style.
0345409671|3.0|While Memnoch is good if you want to spark a theological debate in your monthly book club, it is not the best of the Vampire Chronicles.  Here prior works far outshine this novel.  So much detail is given to the descriptions of LeStat's conversation with Memnoch that it detracts from the real storyline of the book.  I was also surprised by the obvious Judeo-Christain bias that appears throughout the novel. Instead of questioning that belief system, as LeStat often does, Anne Rice attempts to persuade readers of the validity of those concepts.  I found that to be somewhat disturbing.
B00003CXSP|5.0|I just bought the DVD this morning and it's wonderful , it's packed with extras and neat little options,Regardless of what some may say about Hannibal it's the perfect movie about the Cannibal with culture and style.
B000000WHX|5.0|I discovered this gem a few weeks ago.  I am mostly an avid blues and jazz fan, but I thought I would give this genre a try, and I love it!  This is some truly inovative music!
B000002MP2|5.0|This has got to be the best cd Green Day has ever made. These are one of the cd's that never leave my cd player because every song is fast paced, hard, and catchy. This is the cd that opened up the whole punk rock scene in the 90's. If it wasn't for Green Day's Dookie, bands like blink-182,Offspring,New Found Glory,Sum 41,the Ataris,etc.. wouldn't be where they are now. My favorite songs on this cd are &quot;burnout&quot;,&quot;longview&quot;,&quot;welcome to paradise&quot;, &quot;basketcase&quot;,and &quot;when i come around&quot;. So if your a fan of blink-182 and offspring, I highly recomend you buy this cd.
B00003CXXJ|5.0|The most impressive DVD on your shelf this year will be SHREK! Despite Disney's 2 DVD set of SNOW WHITE, SHREK will deliver the ULTIMATE DVD EXPEREINCE. The full DVD contents are as follows: <br />Disc One: <br />Menus featuring brand new animation created by Shreks directors and animators,  Exclusive never-before seen extended ending,  Amazing Behind-The-Scenes Featurette that shows you how the characters and movie were brought to life  from the early stages of creating the skeletal system of the characters to the complex layers of muscles, skin and hair to the development of fluids and fire that makes this movie unprecedented in the world of filmmaking,  Exclusive never-before-used technology that enables viewers to voice their favorite character,  DWK  This Way To Play , Games and activities just for kids including:  Bugs &amp; Slugs (tic tac toe),  Ask The Magic Mirror,  Hangman,  Color A Scene,  Dragon Heart,  Fairy Tale Bowling,  Learn To Draw Shrek,  Coloring Pages, <br />Ogre Masks,  Soup Slam,  Shrek Pinball,  Trivia Game,  Pin The Tail On Donkey,  Fire Donkey (Cross The Bridge),  Rescue The Princess,  Decorate The Gingerbread Man,  Character Morph (Allows kids to mix and match the characters body parts),  Shrek's Music Room including The Baha Men music video; the making of The Baha Men music video; Smash Mouths Im A Believer music video,  Character interviews with Shrek, Fiona, Lord Farquaad and Donkey,  Favorite Scenes Selection (Go directly to the funniest and coolest scenes),  Hidden Fun Facts that give you secrets about the creation of the film,  Sneak Peek Trailer of DreamWorks upcoming animated release Spirit: Stallion of the Cimarron,  Production Notes,  English 5.1, French 2.0 and Spanish 2.0 Dolby Digital,  English Subtitles,  Cast and Crew Bios,  Pan and Scan version of Shrek, <br />Disc Two: <br />A Filmmakers Commentary that provides insider information on the making of this groundbreaking animation hit. <br />Exclusive never-before seen extended ending,  Menus featuring brand new animation created by Shreks directors and animators,  The Tech of Shrek: A fascinating look into the production of Shrek,  Exclusive Shrek X-box game playing hints,  Storyboard pitch of deleted scenes engagingly acted out in a real-life meeting by the animators and filmmakers,  Technical Goofs: hilarious outtakes of animation in progress,  International Dubbing Featurette: Learn how Shrek was dubbed into languages around the world,  A selection of still shots showing viewers the progression of several characters looks throughout the design process  from original concepts to their final animation,  Original Theatrical Trailer,  Production Note,s  Cast and Crew Bios,  English 5.1, French 2.0 and Spanish 2.0 Dolby Digital,  English Subtitles, Widescreen version of Shrek&quot;<br />All this will be in a lavish fold-out Collector's Box which will be the jewel in your collection. Need I say more?
B00005J6UP|5.0|The best Kid film of all time.  I just purchased this on DVD, and finaly saw the octopus scene.  I have been waiting to see this scene since my cousin told me about it 18 years ago.  Somehow he saw it, and it wasnt included in the VHS version.  These is ane great movie!
0670880728|5.0|I am married but deal (because of job) with many single women.  I also know the world is made for &quot;normal-married&quot; people. Most singles over 35 I know live Bridgets nightmare. Fieldings is a refreshing way of describing a hard and unjust reality.
0380973642|3.0|Neil Gaiman, famous for his Sandman comic books and the greatly original and imaginative novel Neverwhere, comes to us with a collection of short stories and poems that he wrote for different publications/compilations over the years. Some of these stories are classic Gaiman (see list below); they are dark, funny and very ironic all at once. Unfortunately, too mamny of the stories in this collection lack the wit and cynicism that makes Gaiman such a unique writer. <br />As a matter of fact, some of the stories feel a little dry, as if Gaiman wrote them without really wanting too. And I found myself skipping through some of the poems; Gaiman is great at writing prose and he should stick to what he's good at.<br />Still, this collection offers many great stories. Don't miss Troll Bridge, Looking for The Girl, We Can Get Them For You Wholesale, Tastings, Murder Mysteries, One Life Furnished in Early Moorcock and especially Snow, Glass, Apples, a fun, twisted vampire story.
1556154844|3.0|This book gets the basic picture right, which must be why so many people like it.  Maybe they even like the rather dry style.  Personally, I prefer Hunt and Thomas's _Pragmatic Programmer_ or Beck's _Extreme Programming Explained_, which cover more or less the same topics in a lighter, case-based style.  And let's face it, we're not proving theorems here, just pointing out some commonsense and some hard learned rules of the road.
B00003CX6P|5.0|This movie amazed me at how complex and puzzling the plot was. Anthony Minghella does an excellent job with keeping the audience guessing and will make you stay glued to the edge of your seat.Tom Ripley is nobody with an amzing talent. He imatates people unbelievably well. He can sound almost exactly the same. One day a friend of his asks him to go to Italy to fetch his son and bring him back to America. Tom accepts his offer and goes to Italy. From there on Tom becomes obsessive with the man he was paid to bring back to America and completely forgets about his objective. Matt Damon and Gwyneth Paltrow do a wonderful job in this movie. This has become one of my favorite movies and am planning on purchasing it very soon.
B000053VAF|5.0|I am in love with the poop demon! No, just kidding, this movie, however, I did love. Very very funny and clever of a film. Matt Damon was great and sexy, but Ben Afflick was terrible. Not as good as Clerks but better than all the rest of the similar movies. Signing off <br />Shane
B00003CXSP|4.0|I saw Hannibal for the first time tonight. From what I heard, I thought I wouldn't like it. But honestly--not to anger fans of 'Silence of the Lambs'--I didn't find that film as good as what I heard. I mean, Hopkins and Jody Foster deserved the awards and praise they got, but it wasn't nearly as chilling as I expected. Going into Hannibal, I expected to see a gory movie where Lecter was &quot;dumbed down&quot;. Instead, I honestly enjoyed it more than SOTL. Julianne Moore was unbelievable as Starling. As good as Foster? I'm not sure. She had her character down perfect, which surprised me. Also, I found Lecter even more frightening, maybe because he was out loose and we saw more of him. The gore was sparce, not nearly as bad as what I saw in &quot;Saving Private Ryan.&quot; It had a good plot, great characters, and an amazing script...the only thing I didn't enjoy was Lecter's &quot;Okie-dokie's.&quot; Those got to me, but oh well, he only said it twice. I assume that nobody will really like this review I'm writing, but it is my review, and this is how I feel. I'm guessing that 90% of the people who will read this won't agree with me, but if 10% of those people decide to view this film and enjoy it because of my recommendation, then I've done my job. <br />Silence of the Lambs was a great movie...but for some strange reason I liked Hannibal more.
B00003CXSP|5.0|When I watched it in the theater I heard comments like &quot;it was too gross&quot; &quot;this wasn't scary&quot;.  Of course it's gross.  It's about a cannibalistic serial kill that is on the loose.  The lambs have been silenced and not it's Dr. Lecter's turn to have the fun.  Just listen to his lines.  It's a great, gross-out comedy.
0451160916|5.0|I just got done reading this book for the 2nd time and it seemed to affect me more this time around than the first time.  I believe it is by far better than the movie (although, the movie was great in its own right).  I would definitely recommend this one to anyone looking for a good read.
0451169514|4.0|IT is a well-crafted tale concentrating on people's greatest fears.  Long ago, a group of youngsters went through a terrible experience.  Once it was over, they all agreed to swear themselves to secrecy.  Many years later, the group is reunited to find that the evil has returned and they must face it again together once and for all.<br />This book gets out of the blocks slowly, mainly because there are so many characters to develop.  It's unique in that King writes essentially two books here; one tells the story of the original incident when the characters were children and the other guides us through their present time struggle to stop the mysterious killer as adults.  The novel switches from one time to another just about every chapter so you never really learn the outcome of either plight until the very end.<br />All-in-all this book is entertaining and original reading.  Once you learn the background of each person, it picks up nicely and keeps you guessing `til the end.  I found the ending a little strange and unsatisfying but the story was a good read regardless.
0440217563|5.0|I am reading Diana G's books in order, thanks to this board. Claire and Jamie's story is outstanding. In this issue, she returns to the 1750's when she discovers Jamie is still alive there.  The changes they have both been thru for the past 20 years are realistic and heart-wrenching.  Every description is vivid and you feel tremendously throughout the whole book. Claire is now a doctor which comes in very handy for everyone. The humor and love between these two is so wonderful to read. They get into so much trouble you CANNOT put the book down until you see them safely out of it! :) I cannot believe how fast I read the first 3 and now will begin the fourth.  I wish I could have my paychecks sent directly to my home instead of disturbing my reading flow! Enjoy!
B00003CXSP|5.0|HANNIBAL IS A MASTERPIECE IT IS QUITE POSSIBLY THE GREATEST HORROR MOVIE EVER MADE THIS DVD IS 2 HOURS LONG AND IT IS IN DTS I LOVED EVER PART OF THIS MOVIE ANTHONY HOPKINS IS THE TRUE BOOGEYMAN
B0000000LI|5.0|A music from heavens. Every time you listen to Yanni's music you embark on a journey to your subconscience. A must for every one...
0671027344|5.0|i think the fact that &quot;perks&quot; has gotten 500 reader comments has to mean something.<br />this book, to put it simply, was excellent.<br />as a 15 year old teenager, I found charlie's life (as written through his letters) not just an inspiration, but a guide through my teenage years. an adventure through the world parties, friends, drugs, mixtapes, sex, and of course, that one ride in a pickup truck with two friends that makes us all feel infinite. <br />three thumbs up to stephen chbosky on his amazing first novel. :)
0684843749|5.0|Arnime is the ultimate Bodybuilding Guru. I mean look at him. His body is that of a Greak Stature. Most of the Pro Bodybuilders today look like monsers from taking Growth Hormone and Varius Androgenic Steroids. I hate it. I like the old Classic look better. Take his advice. I mean look at him he is the best looking body.
B00003CXZ4|5.0|After seeing this movie you can appreciate that there are people out there you still want to create great movies.  Guy Pearce gives the performance of his life in what I think will go down as one of the greatest films ever made.  I wish I could describe more about the movie but that would be giving clues away
B00005JG6R|2.0|Although this new dvd may come in a special collectors case and look fancy it is a huge let down. The animation may look great but if you compare the voice acting of this Pioneer release to the good old Streamline Pictures 1988 release, the Streamline Pictures one blows this new one away. I miss the original Voice Actors of the English dub. The only way I could see if some one wants to buy this is for the Japanese Track. But if you buy it for the English track I suggest you find the old version it is 10 Times better. I give 5 Stars to the original version but only 2 to this one..
B000002LEE|5.0|I remember when this was released back in 1988.  I bought it from a recommendation of a record store owner.  Now remember, this was BEFORE there was an &quot;alternative&quot; section in record stores.  This album was so out there they didn't know where to put it, but it blew away the owner, so he put a special display at the front of store with this listed as &quot;We Don't Know Where To Put This&quot;.  <br />Anyway, I was shocked by this CD when I first heard it.  Enough energy to be metal, but with slow, non-ballad, songs thrown in.  Kind of like rock, but out there.  But the talent in the music is obvious.  Perry Ferrell writes very good songs, and has a HUGE lyrical range.  Dave Navarro is one of the true &quot;guitar gods&quot; of his time, and the bass and drums are strong enough to hold up songs on their own merit.<br />As you can guess, I love this CD.  I've owned it for over a decade now, and stuff it in the changer every few months or so to listen to it again.
B00005NRN9|4.0|Cirque du soleil is one of the most intriguing artistics statements in our society today.  This particular piece, as seen in 3-D Imax, makes a provocative, tasteful introduction to what Cirque represents.  The scenes are wildly colorful and poignantly dramatic, so much so that it brought tears to my eyes!  My only wish is that the DVD would ship as 3-D as well.  If you have a chance to see this in IMAX do so before you watch the DVD.  You will NOT be disappointed.
B00005ASHM|3.0|I have always liked some of the Beach Boys work but had never heard the much hyped Pet Sounds until recently. For thirty years plus now I've read critical reviews in this magazine or that praising Pet Sounds as the greatest album ever made. HOGWASH. Wouldn't it be nice if some of the reviewers who try to outdo one another in lavishing hosannas on Pet Sounds actually sat down, listened to the album objectively, and then wrote reviews that consisted of something other than a string of superlatives? I am not saying anything is wrong with the album, but in my opinion it is not even their best work, let alone the best album ever made.I listened to it a number of times to see if it would speak to me in some mystical voice as it seemingly has for others. No such luck. I find Pet Sounds to be an enjoyable album on which the best tracks are Wouldn't It Be Nice and Sloop John B. Simple as that. If you are a Beach Boys fan, then you will likely enjoy hearing both the stereo and mono versions of Pet Sounds as presented here. If you are not a Beach Boys fan though, this CD is unlikely to make you a convert.
B00004Y2QT|3.0|The sound on the DVD, the crowd (be it the way they actually were OR how Prince &amp; crew made them sound on DVD), the camera...bad, bad, bad and made it for a horrible DVD. Unless you are a devoted Prince fan...pass on it.
B00005JKGV|4.0|Fred Madison murders his wife and gets sentenced to death in the electric chair.  He loses touch with reality in his prison cell and we see his delusions and schizoaffective disorder played out by his fantasy that he is a 24 year old stud who pleases both his girlfriend and a blond version of his formerly living wife.  While his delusion helps him cope by creating the way he would have liked things to be, the inescapable reality is that he still wants his wife.  He cannot have her at this point--even if he were able to please her--because she is very dead.  He experiences her telling him that he will never have her.  Throughout his delusion, we see intense flashes of blue electricity.  His delusion culminates in him running from the police in a 1400 horsepower Mercedez-Benz after killing all of the bad guys--he kills one as the 24 year old stud and the other, Mr. Eddie, as himself.  With the latter delusional killing, we see that he is feeling more comfortable portraying himself in his delusions--even later appearing at his house, donning a leather jacket, to leave a message for himself that Dick is dead.  The &quot;mystery man&quot; exists only as part of his schizophrenic condition.  The blue electricity portrayed throughout his delusion is actually the reality of his impending death.  In the end, we see him shake and smoke while his brain still pretends he is successfully outrunning the police.  As he fries in the chair, his last screams echo into oblivian.
0471381985|5.0|This is a required read for any practicing or prospective value investor. I have read most of the books on value investing and found this one to be both insightful as well as practical compared to the others. It offers a great mix of both philosophy and practice. A great starting point for the aspiring value investor. This book also introduces a lot of new content.  The principles of sound investment will never and have never changed, but the application of those principles is constantly changing. This book brings us to the future by showing us the different ways in which value investing can be applied. There are various examples from Glenn Greenberg at Chieftain Capital Managment, who applies a concentrated value approach, to Walter Schloss who applies a diversified value approach. There are plenty of methods for the aspiring value investor to choose from.  There is also a great profile on one of the future's great value investors-Paul Sonkin. Rarely do we hear about the next generation of value investors.
B00005JKGV|4.0|Fred Madison murders his wife and gets sentenced to death in the electric chair.  He loses touch with reality in his prison cell and we see his delusions and schizoaffective disorder played out by his fantasy that he is a 24 year old stud who pleases both his girlfriend and a blond version of his formerly living wife.  While his delusion helps him cope by creating the way he would have liked things to be, the inescapable reality is that he still wants his wife.  He cannot have her at this point--even if he were able to please her--because she is very dead.  He experiences her telling him that he will never have her.  Throughout his delusion, we see intense flashes of blue electricity.  His delusion culminates in him running from the police in a 1400 horsepower Mercedez-Benz after killing all of the bad guys--he kills one as the 24 year old stud and the other, Mr. Eddie, as himself.  With the latter delusional killing, we see that he is feeling more comfortable portraying himself in his delusions--even later appearing at his house, donning a leather jacket, to leave a message for himself that Dick is dead.  The &quot;mystery man&quot; exists only as part of his schizophrenic condition.  The blue electricity portrayed throughout his delusion is actually the reality of his impending death.  In the end, we see him shake and smoke while his brain still pretends he is successfully outrunning the police.  As he fries in the chair, his last screams echo into oblivian.
B000001GJX|5.0|This is a first rate production of one of the most beautiful choral works ever written.  Most folks don't ever discover this music until after they have been exposed to the more well known Requiem Mass.  There are those of us, though, who think that this is Mozart's great choral masterpeice.  You may not agree, but if you love choral works you sure will be glad you discovered this enchanting bit of Mozart's output.  I haven't heard Gardiner's version, but I'd bet it is supberb also.
0425180638|1.0|Unlike the other books in the series, I found this book to be less interesting and boring at best.  Nomally I fly through her books, this one took me almost a month to read through!
B000059XUI|3.0|The movie itself deserves 4 stars. But the DVD only 3. Its only stereo unlike the first one. Additional features are pretty much non-exsistance. In my youth I recorded this movie and watched it every week. I recall a scene when the three villians come to the small American village- the little kid cycles away to get help. The talest of the villians throws a police car's syren at the child and literally blows him up. The police man says &quot;He was just a boy&quot;- followed by the women vilin saying &quot;Yes, and he will never become a man&quot;. I remember that scene so well as it rather violent for 5 year old viewing and is inprinted on my mind. But its not on this DVD- not even on a deleted scene selection. Perhaps never shown on American T.V but definitly shown on Australian T.V. Whats the point of these movies but to exprience better sound and vision + gaining bonus features. One of which this DVD seriously lacks. Unlike the first one which blowed my mind.
0375751513|3.0|A comely, vain, innocent young man named Dorian Gray gets his portrait painted and hides it away in an unused room in his house.  After a love affair with an actress goes terribly wrong, he notices that his portrait has altered itself in a curious way.  He proceeds to live his life by indulging himself in episodes of increasing debauchery and immorality, wrecking other people's lives and committing blackmail and even murder, and all the while his portrait bears the physical signs of his aging while his own body remains young and fresh.  The novel offers some weighty questions:  Would we choose to be immoral if we knew we were immortal?  Is an artist's work the manifestation of his own latent immorality?  Are the world's imperfections, sins, and shames represented better through art than through reality?<br />As much as I admire Oscar Wilde's great play &quot;The Importance of Being Ernest,&quot; I must admit that I found some faults with this short novel of his.  Despite its florid prose and dialogue containing wickedly caustic wit and punchy aphorisms that evoke a time when conversation was an art, the novel has a strangely artificial, stiff tone.  With dialogue that sounds like it would have to be rehearsed before spoken and many scene descriptions that seem like stage directions, it often reads like a play that's been converted into a novel.  Interior furnishings are described in the meticulous detail of a Sotheby's catalog; a nice touch, but what's the point?  This is an intriguing novel that combines elements of gothic horror and social satire, but it is marred by too many moments of unintentional goofiness.
B000008GEF|4.0|Originally released as an LP in 1973, \\"Living in the Material World\\" was George Harrison's followup to his mega-album \\"All Things Must Pass\\". Buoyed by the success of that album and the subsequent Concert for Bangladesh, this record represented the latter part of his most successful writing period (1968-1973), starting with the Beatles' \\"While My Guitar Gently Weeps\\", through \\"Something\\" and \\"Here Comes the Sun\\", and (of course) \\"My Sweet Lord\\". Encouraged by the acceptance of mixing his spiritual outlook with rock music, \\"Living in the Material World\\" carries George a little further towards the hereafter. Is it worthwhile to be on this journey? If you're a Beatles fan (as I am), the answer's a resounding \\"yes\\". If you're not a Beatles fan, then you still probably will like it if you're into the music of that period (as well as a little preaching from George). Unlike later albums such as \\"Dark Horse\\" and \\"Extra Texture\\", this album keeps up the upbeat tempo, with the Phil Spector- influenced strings sections interspersed. The album starts off with the Number One hit \\"Give Me Love\\", which still holds it's own all these years later. \\"Sue Me, Sue You Blues\\" is a jaunty \\"tongue in cheek\\" take-off of the Beatles lawsuits at the time, a period he refers to later in the title track itself. Perhaps the difference from \\"All Things Must Pass\\", however, is the deeper bass feel of the music- again, the strings stand out (especially on \\"The Light That Had Lighted The World\\", \\"The Day the World Gets 'Round\\", and (finally) \\"That is All\\"). Unfortunately, George's albums have gotten lost in the shuffle over the years, primarily due to him having little solo material in the last thirteen years. This, however, is a good spot to go back to. If you have to limit your selections, this CD and the 1979 album \\"George Harrison\\" are good third place choices behind \\"All Things Must Pass\\" and 1987's \\"Cloud Nine\\". <BR>R.I.P. George- Thanks for your music! (...)
B00005J6UP|5.0|&quot;Ye intruders beware, crushing death and grief, soaked with blood, of the tresspassing thief.&quot;  For me this movie brings back a lot of memories growing up, and now it's on DVD.  Those who own the video version should buy the DVD, you are missing out.  Of course there are deleted scenes, including the convenience store and octopus scene, all of which I had never seen but heard about for years and they are great.  There's also a very cool commentary with Dick Donner and all of the Goonie kids, which thumbnails the movie and shows all of them together at various point in the movie.  It's strange seeing how different they look, yet still the same.  There is also the Cindy Lauper music video &quot;Good Enough&quot; with the Goonies, Steven Spielberg, and several old WWF wrestlers (Capt. Lou Albano, Roddy Piper, Iron Shiek, Nikoli Volkoff, Fred Blassie, and Andre the Giant) as well as the theatrical trailer and original behind-the-scenes documentary, all of which I had  never seen before.  The picture is finally widescreen (anamorphic, woohoo!) and the 5.1 sound is very good.  All in all, this DVD is a great addition to any library and a must for nay Goonie fan.
6305508550|1.0|I really can't believe people think this is funny.  I think that 'nerdy' 'geeky' types like this movie.  My girlfriend and I just thought this was the geekiest, boring movie.  REVENGE OF THE NERDS PART 5 or something similarily just not funny.  I really am just amazed this film sells so well on the Internet... probably an Internet geek thing :-)
B000001FVL|5.0|Buggles - The Age of Plastic, 1980<br />This album is, of course, best known for the mega-hit single from it, Video killed the Radio Star, which was a massive worldwide success for Trevor Horn and Geoff Downes, the two members of the band.  But there is a lot more than just that hit in this album.<br />The most outstanding thing about this album is the extremely high quality of the sound and production on the album.  While most of the instruments are electronic, and there's quite a bit of sound effects and electronic treatments of voices, the sound still has warm and expressive tone.  The vocals are very good, with the lads' English accents coming though here and there.  The female backing vocals are rich and sweeping, filling out the sound very well.<br />The music itself is a kind of spacey funk, but with some new wave and hints of the synthy new romantic stuff that Trevor Horn was going to produce over the next few years (Frankie Goes to Hollywood being the best known example).  As you might imagine, the bass lines and the synths are really fabulous, but there is also plenty of fairly heavy fuzzy guitar tastefully filling out the background, or sometimes the foreground, where appropriate.  The theme of many of the songs is a futuristic, Sci Fi type of one, with songs about falling in love with robots, the stresses of living in the modern high speed age, older more familiar technologies being usurped by newer ones with the resultant dislocation of people and jobs (which is a very highfalutin way of describing what Video Killed the Radio Star is all about!), and so on.  <br />The outstanding tracks are, to my mind, the following;<br />Video Killed the Radio Star - nuff said; <br />Living in the Plastic Age - a funky, spacey, fairly fast song, with thoughtful lyrics about the effects of living in this fast moving world of ours.  A fab bass line, with super duper guitar power chords liberally sprinkled around;<br />I love you Miss Robot - another spacey funky song, with great wah wah guitar effects, not to mention another great bass line, fab synths, and some good sound effects. I'm sure you can guess the subject of the song, which is quite wistful in tone - the man loves the robot (who seems to be, shall we say, specially designed for this type of thing - listen to the song and spot the reference I'm talking about!).  The robot, though is totally oblivious to his emotions;<br />Elstree - a very good pop song, which, along with Video Killed the Radio Star was another big hit single in Britain.  The music is pop - fast, and catchy.  The song is about a fading movie star who moves into TV and music, but with difficulty.  He can't quite master his new medium, and looks back at his days in Elstree, a large movie studio (\\"Elstree, remember me, I had a part in a B-movie\\").  There are some very good sound effects too, especially right at the end, when a horse runs across gravel from one ear to the next, skidding a bit in the middle - very realistic!<br />Astroboy - probably my favourite song on the album, it has a very warm, lush feel to it, with more fab bass, a lovely syncopated drum beat, and some really nice wah wah guitar, not to mention the synths and vocals which are really good too.   <br />This is a very good album, a superlative example of very high quality sound and production, but not at the expense of content.  The songs are catchy - be prepared for funny looks on the bus or train as you hum the songs as you listen to them on your walkman!  As an example of early eighties synthy funky spacey new wave-y pop, this is the one to get.
0553277472|1.0|This book was frequently assigned to middle and high-school aged kids when I was growing up, and having finally read it later in life, I can only shudder at the thought of how many kids were turned off to reading, let alone Zen or philosophy by having this book foisted on them.<br />The book is about nothing so much as a self-absorbed, navel-gazing hippy monster of a father who sees only the worst in his own son as he drags him around the country on the back of his motorcycle in persuit of some sort of psycho/spriritual quest.  The tortured internal philosophical ramblings boarder on absolute schizoid nonsense, and offer no usable wisdom for happiness, enlightenment or remotely practical living, thinking or being.<br />This book's endless pages of densely packed type have been fawned over by slack-jawed English professors for far too long.  They are impressed and frightened by it's rambling inscrutability, and then jump on the &quot;Wow!  What a powerful and enlightening book!&quot; bandwagon that they see all their peers clinging to.  Don't believe the hype.<br />It reminds me of another piece of New Age trash I read a while back about a woman who left her family and children to persue her 'Zen quest'.  Pathetic.  These people are more spiritually clueless than anyone, and yet they get bandied about as heroes.  The secrets to the wisdom they seek are right in front of them the whole time, and yet they run (in the guise of 'sacrifice' or 'letting go'), and expect the rest of us to applaud and admire them for doing so.<br />No applause here.
0060934719|4.0|When you go to a bookstore, sometimes you'll find Neil Gaiman in the fiction section and sometimes you'll find him in the fantasy section. With that in mind, if you're mostly a fiction reader who is curious about fantasy--or vice versa--then this is an excellent &quot;transition novel&quot; to get you acquainted. Stardust reminded me very much of some of the Brother's Grimm fairy tales: violent, enchanting, fairly simple storyline with maybe one good plot twist for good measure. At times I was slightly reminded of Zelazny's Amber Chronicles when I got to the part about Septimus and his many other brothers--not all of them still alive--hungering for the throne. But that's not what the story is about. It's about a man named Tristran Thorn who goes to the magical land of Faerie to literally retrieve a fallen star and then return to the town of Wall, with it. Overall, this was a pretty good book--I liked it better than The Neverending Story--but I wouldn't say that it's an excellent novel. Still, it's definitely worth a read.
0553106635|5.0|This book picks you up and drags you through an amazing emotional ride not for the feint of heart. Try not to get to attached to any of Martin's amazing characters because no one is safe, if you thought the other books had a high death toll then look out because this book has one high enough to make Pol Pot blush;)  Enjoy!
0767903862|5.0|... laughing out loud at this book.  I bought it at the Sydney airport on my way home and found myself giggling all the way across the Pacific.  Bryson really uses some hilarious imagery and anecdotes to get across the wonderful world that is Australia.  Although he didn't spend nearly enough time in Queensland (which he calls most accurately &quot;weird&quot;) I definitely found this book worth my money and have been making my friends read it.  Which says something in itself.
B00000J7I3|4.0|most people think of motley crue as a brain-dead &quot;hair band&quot; form the 80s - a disposable rock n'roll cliche.  most people would be wrong, and too fast for love is evidence enough.  owing more to cheap trick and the sex pistols than kiss OR zeppelin, this album is dripping with teenage angst and attitude ten years before nevermind.  &quot;live wire&quot; is a classic in every sense of the word. other standout tracks include &quot;public enemy #1&quot; and &quot;on with the show&quot; - but there isn't a filler to be found on the whole record. as raw sounding as it gets, this may well be motley's finest hour. and if you can't dig this album, you can't dig rock n'roll...
B00003CXDZ|4.0|This movie, which begins go gaudily and with an unparalleledly jumbled mishmash feeling that it sent more people than I've ever seen walking out during the first half hour, turns increasingly serious, focused, and, above all, passionate.  <br />Despite a cartoonish character or two and a series of musical sequences which manage to be off in a variety of different ways--- almost always with the volume turned down too low (which is odd given the volume of the visuals) and always with a kitch anachronistic flair that only occasionally works, this movie tunrs out to be rather emotionally charming, compelling, and in the end, tragically satisfying.  The script is for the most part quite clever in pulling off farce, tragedy and romance and manages to give the audience just enough information in the beginning to foreshadow part of the impending emotional tone of the end---we are told right off that she will die, and yet we do not know the circumstances which are to color that death.  <br />Much like in American Beauty, there is such a wonderful dramatic and emotional tension and curiosity built in when the fate is known but not its cause.  It is as though the knowledge of death turns one's attention away from how things must end to looking to see how we can feel about what goes before the end.  It feels like a dramatization of our own condition when we see our deaths as inevitable and turn our attention not to where we will end up, for there there is no happy ending, but rather to how we will live in the meantime, for in the end, &quot;all men die but not all men really live...&quot; to quote a film starring a different aussie.  Anyway, not to wax to existentially, the sense of tension is spectacular when you know it ends badly but not how.  Normally one knows the bad guy simply will lose.  But here we know she will die, does that mean that the bad guy might win?  <br />And Kidman is beautiful, as always in more ways than one.  So emotionally captivating.  Ewan McGregor also does a fine job here.<br />In the end, this felt like Shakespeare in Love as it would have been had it not been written as one big inside joke for literary people who get to feel all excited by jokes because they are the only ones who understand them and who then acclaim the movie because of how good they felt leaving the theatre.  Despite the obvious similarities to &quot;Shakespeare in Love&quot; in love triangle, passionate romance of youth, playful revisionism and the crossings of art and love, this film exhibits a vision of love with quite a bit more depth than the sex and rhetorical prowess that seemed all the &quot;true love&quot; of &quot;shakespeare in love&quot; seemed really to be about at bottom.  This film's praise of love has more gravity and credibility for more closely sticking with Shakespeare and the classical tragedians' sense of the power of tragedy, amidst its comedy and revelry.  How almost Dionysian...<br />All in all, quite a satisfying film despite being musically hit and miss.
B0000508U6|1.0|I've heard the song Yellow many times on the radio. Based on that, here is my impression of Coldplay: They really really REALLY love Pavement.<br /><br />EDITED 8/28/2001:<br /><br />I just heard a second song on the radio, Shiver. Therefore, I must re-write my review: They really really really really REALLY REALLY love Pavement. Just buy Pavement's Slanted & Enchanted instead. You'd be buying the original instead of a facsimile.
B00003CXDZ|4.0|This movie, which begins go gaudily and with an unparalleledly jumbled mishmash feeling that it sent more people than I've ever seen walking out during the first half hour, turns increasingly serious, focused, and, above all, passionate.  <br />Despite a cartoonish character or two and a series of musical sequences which manage to be off in a variety of different ways--- almost always with the volume turned down too low (which is odd given the volume of the visuals) and always with a kitch anachronistic flair that only occasionally works, this movie tunrs out to be rather emotionally charming, compelling, and in the end, tragically satisfying.  The script is for the most part quite clever in pulling off farce, tragedy and romance and manages to give the audience just enough information in the beginning to foreshadow part of the impending emotional tone of the end---we are told right off that she will die, and yet we do not know the circumstances which are to color that death.  <br />Much like in American Beauty, there is such a wonderful dramatic and emotional tension and curiosity built in when the fate is known but not its cause.  It is as though the knowledge of death turns one's attention away from how things must end to looking to see how we can feel about what goes before the end.  It feels like a dramatization of our own condition when we see our deaths as inevitable and turn our attention not to where we will end up, for there there is no happy ending, but rather to how we will live in the meantime, for in the end, &quot;all men die but not all men really live...&quot; to quote a film starring a different aussie.  Anyway, not to wax to existentially, the sense of tension is spectacular when you know it ends badly but not how.  Normally one knows the bad guy simply will lose.  But here we know she will die, does that mean that the bad guy might win?  <br />And Kidman is beautiful, as always in more ways than one.  So emotionally captivating.  Ewan McGregor also does a fine job here.<br />In the end, this felt like Shakespeare in Love as it would have been had it not been written as one big inside joke for literary people who get to feel all excited by jokes because they are the only ones who understand them and who then acclaim the movie because of how good they felt leaving the theatre.  Despite the obvious similarities to &quot;Shakespeare in Love&quot; in love triangle, passionate romance of youth, playful revisionism and the crossings of art and love, this film exhibits a vision of love with quite a bit more depth than the sex and rhetorical prowess that seemed all the &quot;true love&quot; of &quot;shakespeare in love&quot; seemed really to be about at bottom.  This film's praise of love has more gravity and credibility for more closely sticking with Shakespeare and the classical tragedians' sense of the power of tragedy, amidst its comedy and revelry.  How almost Dionysian...<br />All in all, quite a satisfying film despite being musically hit and miss.
B0000042MY|5.0|Something rare and magical happened when Jones and Edelman teamed up to write the music for Michael Mann's film. I've never before witnessed such a marriage of screen and soundtrack vision.  Try listening to the first few scores in pitch blackness with the headphones on, looking at the stars of the night sky, or as Hawkeye puts it, &quot;the Cameron's monument, mine too I guess&quot;.  The music is profound and deeply moving.  Inside, I thank the composers for it every time I listen.
0671027344|1.0|This has to be one of the most cliche ridden excuses for teen-angst literature ever published, although it's popular acclaim was to be expected what with the increased &quot;dumbing down&quot; of today's creative litarary standards. Upon reading a synopsis of the book, I was hopeful in the expectation that the protagonist would have some semblance to myself during my formative years. I was treated to the ramblings of some pretentious wannabe Holden Caulfield (accurate so far), but, to reiterate what others have already said, no teenager I ever knew spoke like this. It reads like the script of a bad episode of Dawson's Creek. Have they had this on Oprah's book club yet?<br />Please, if you think you might share something in common with this guy, why not try Mersault in Camus' far superior &quot;The Stranger&quot;.
0792844882|4.0|This is a brutally bad movie.  How did Kyle McLachlan end up here?  Has he fired his agent yet?<br />This movie attempts and pretends to be a serious movie, but I have seen many a Shannon Tweed Skinimax movie that was far better.  Berkley is horrible, and Gershon astounds with her acting &quot;ability&quot;.<br />Why then, do you ask, would I rate this 4 stars?  It is rare you can find a specimen of a movie this bad.  The ability to produce this crap is worthy of four star all by itself.<br />By the way, Berkley and Gershon are both stunningly attractive, but the sexuality in this movie is quickly overpowered by the stench of the script and acting.<br />For what its worth, the DVD offers almost no special features.  The purchase of the DVD should only be driven by the superior picture and sound quality.
B00000K19E|5.0|This is a must have!  My wife and I have watched it several times.  With a DVD, you can see each frame in awesome detail.  The special effects are awesome.  In a word, AWESOME!!!
6304140711|5.0|This movie was made about 6 years ago but I thought it was apprpriate to review as it has some of the hottest stars in movies and t.v today. Fear is an excellent, exciting, suspensful thriller with a wonderful cast, who were almost unknowns back then. It's about Nicole (played by Legally Blondes Reese Witherspoon) who falls for David the new guy in town (played by Marc Wahlburg). David seems nice at first but then things get out of hand and David becomes obsessive. The movie builds and builds to an exciting yet predictable ending that will leave you satisfied. Reese Witherspoon is wonderful as Nicole and Marc Wahlburg is creepy as David. Other notable performances are from William Peterson(from t.v's C.S.I) as Nicoles overprotective father, Amy Brennaman(Judging Amy) as the stepmom, and of course Nicole has to have a best friend played by the gorgeous Alyssa Milano star of Charmed. I would have liked to have Alyssa have a bigger part in this because she is so wondefully sleazy as Margoux. I highly recommned this movie for fans of any of these actors. It is well worth it.
B000002J1Y|5.0|Like the previous reviewer, I also just saw Yes (Anderson, White, Howe and  Squire) and I miss Bill Bruford on drums.  Just listen to the difference between the live version of &quot;Heart of the Sunrise&quot; and the studio version with Bill.  I wonder why Bill plays on 2 of the songs and Alan on the rest???  Nobody does a drum roll like Bruford...
B00005LMBK|4.0|The last time I tried to edit this review, Amazon wouldn't let me, why have the edit function then??????<br />I initially bought this when it came out based on the strength of the track 'Tomorrow Comes Today'. And upon further listens, I wasn't very moved at all, in any particular way or another. So I wrote a review, frustrated, and trashed it. Blaming Damon Albarn (who's taken me ten years to finally appreciate) for the most part. Months later, I put the disc in and suddenly I get it. And then I went and got Blur's best of collection. The Bottom line is that this is a very fun and very layered disc, you might not hear everything the first few times but it'll creep up on you.
B000002NHN|5.0|Let me start by saying I am not really a Loreena McKennitt fan and to tell you the truth I only listened to her CD's with my girlfriend.  I always admired her outstanding voice but I could never really get into to her music.  This album is different though.  In her previous albums her powerful voice dominated her songs almost to an extreme.  However this album flows much better.  The violin seems to blend seamlessly with her elegant voice and the melody of the songs is dramatically better.  The overtone of this album, like many other Celtic bands, seems slightly sad but certainly not depressing.  However the overall theme of the album seems to be one of hope.  Try this album you might be surprised.
0679879269|1.0|I started out with anticipation.  The first two books were great.  By the time this one ended I was very disappointed. I don't mind Pullman's anti-christian polemic so much, lame and contradictory as that is.  The thing that annoyed me most is the portrayal of pre-teen infatuation and sexual discovery as the savior of the universe. Very silly and irresponsible. Let's tell kids that puppy love is the glue that holds everything together. I wouldn't put it on any recommended parents' list.
B00005B36H|4.0|Think agian! Tool's latest album, Laterlus, is a hit in my book.  Why? The complexity and originality of their songs.  ...Tool is not [a] self-pitying band [that] rocks on about drugs and abuse.  We're inspired to think and hear more than just the music when the members of Tool creep in with their eerie melodies and strong, heavy, bass.  This music is a ton of feeling put together on thirteen tracks, and you'll find that much of their songs reflect the sound of Schism (with the exception of a few angrier, louder tracks).<br />Downside? The lenghth.  Each song verges on nearly ten minutes long, drawing out each and every lyric.  They never get repetive, but sometimes you just want to skip it when you hear those tom-toms at the nine minute mark.  Anything else? Well, for old-time fans of Tool, you'll find that they're beginning to stray from their hardcore-metal origins, and verging into the experimental and rebellious land of art-rock.  This could be dissapointing to some, but a welcome burst of creativity to me.<br />Worth your money? Worth more!
1558807381|5.0|Una, Gum, and the Unicorns are amongst my favoirte characters. The story is based on true love. And the dualistic nature of this planet. Ridley Scott did a wonderful job on choosing the actors and the costumes are fabulous! The music is amazingly enchanting. Tangerine dream is truly ahead of their time. I like to see this movie often beacuse it sparkes the imagination to beleive in the good in man.
B000001EKX|4.0|Hotter Than Hell seems to be regarded by many as somehow different from the rest of the KISS albums, but I think this is a flawed assertion.  When one considers the fact that Destroyer is a more produced and polished record, Dynasty plunges head first into the waters of disco, Unmasked is unabashed pop, and The Elder is an attempt at (I would argue a very English version of) art rock, it becomes clear that KISS has adopted and discarded sonic personas just as easily as they have their various visual presentations.  In short, the band has survived as long as it has by adapting, which has entailed adopting and abandoning masks.  Even Revenge is a stab at dark, alternative metal, a departure from the party glam pop of their late eighties releases, all of which contained, I might add, many power ballads that now defines that questionable subgenre.<br />All that said, Hotter Than Hell stikes me as remarkably real.  I think if there is an essential KISS sound, Hotter Than Hell comes as close as any other record to conveying it accurately.  Stanley's contributions, especially the title track, \\"Got to Choose\\", \\"Comin' Home\\" and \\"Mainline\\" indicates an adeptness at concocting melodic, three-chord rock and roll.  These songs are by no means metal, but they're not AM Gold, either.  They rock, but they're very hummable.  Simmons, with \\"Goin' Blind\\", shows a folkish, sensitive side that would reappear on his solo record (\\"See You Tonight\\", especially).  On the other hand, \\"Watchin' You\\" is pure hard rock, which suits his demonic growl prefectly, but the tone and pace of the song never degenerates into sluggishness.  \\"Parasite\\", a songwriting contributions from Frehley, is another example of well paced hard rock.  \\"All the Way\\" attempts the same synthesis of hard rock and roll and melody that Stanley nearly perfects, but with less than perfect results.  The song is separated into two too distinct parts: the chorus is fun in a sing-along style, but the verses plod in the sludge oftoo slow hard rock.  <br />This is a problem that plagues \\"Strange Ways\\" as well.  Ostensibly, it's a hard rock song, but there's something moronic about the too straight ahead riffing and the boring beat.  This is, I think, a key difference between rock and roll and this kind of hard rock.  Peter Criss was a fine drummer who leaned toward the genre of swing; it was swing that put the \\"roll\\" in rock and roll.  Charlie Watts continues to do the same for the Stones (check out \\"Rip this Joint\\").  Thus, \\"Let Me Go Rock and Roll\\" swings while \\"Strange Ways\\" merely bores.  <br />At their best, KISS bridged the gap between melodic pop and hard rock and roll.  At their worst, the band could either slip into the sugary ballads of pop or sink into the dismal abyss of snail-paced hard rock.  While Hotter Than Hell displays the tendency toward the latter, the former is avoided.  Containing only a dud and a half, this record demonstrates the essential KISS sound, melodic rock and roll as well as well-paced hard rock.  Hotter Than Hell is KISS at their best.
1558807381|5.0|In a previues review on this film I wrote about the Dualistic nature of this planet. However duality is turning it's self inside out. As I speak. The nature of this planet is changing. And in truth there is only the great light. The battle seen in this movie reminds us of the battle thas has ben going on the planet for so many years. The battle is ending. And soon we will witness the true light of love. In Oneness. Duality is ending.It is time....to end the game.
B000002TWN|5.0|This is the first CD...whereafter the first listen...I knew it was a classic. I heard everybody in it...Al Green, Curtis Mayfield, Marvin Gaye, Blue Magic, Stylistics and The Chi-Lites....I heard music from that short time (1969 - 1975) when R&B was going through its' Renaissance...and was hitting it's artistic peak...before it crashed with the advent of the Disco era (1975-1980). I stopped listening to R&B, knowing it never would reach the heights attained earlier...and I moved to jazz-fusion. But then Prince appeared...and I had hope. It took awhile but D'angelo arrived...and the world is right again. Erykah, Maxwell, Jill Scott, Bilal, Angie Stone....we got a \\"Nu Thing\\" going. D'angelo's \\"When We Get By\\" has got to be one of the best R&B sides produced in the 90's. \\"Lady\\", \\"Me And Those Dreamin' Eyes Of Mine\\", \\"Alright\\"....damn, the whole album is fantastic!!     The past, the Prince, the present, and the future...all combined on one CD...that is D'angelo's \\"Brown Sugar\\". It is absolutely the best R&B album released since Stevie Wonder's \\"Innervision\\" and Marvin Gaye's \\"What's Going On?\\", The Spinners' \\"The Spinners\\" and possibly \\"Mighty Love\\". Those 4 are the only CDs I would give 5 stars...although \\"Who Is Jill Scott?\\" comes mighty [darn] close!!
B00000INEX|2.0|... but no such luck.<br />I started playing the video when he was two months old.  He would watch it and gradually dozed off, but two parts consistently woke him up.  The &quot;Cluck cluck cluck&quot; of toy chickens, and the &quot;clank clank clank&quot; of coins being dropped into a metal bank.  I continued playing the video until he was three and a half months old, but have given up on it for the moment.<br />If only the volume had been softened on these two parts, we would have enjoyed the video more.  My son did seem to like to look at the faces of the toddlers, so that part did not bother me.<br />I received a free CD which had the cluck-cluck-cluck, clank-clank-clank and children's laughter eliminated.  He enjoys listening to the CD on road trips.<br />If I had my way, the music in the video would have been softer, less plunky.
B0000022WA|5.0|In her second Disney film, Hayley plays twins who meet at Summer camp.  This movie is terrific fun and can be viewed endlessly.The twins who meet at Summer Camp discover their parents divided them when they were divorced.  Neither one of them knew they were an identical twin as the lived in different parts of the country.  This movie is terrific fun.I would recommend it
B00004ZD69|1.0|This album/band is so overrated I can't believe it.  After some glowing press and reviews read here, I was suckered into this one.  My own fault I guess.  If you are a fan of rock music do not buy this.  This 2-album set is like driving through Nebraska...boring.  It lacks flow, melody, rhythm, coolness, spine and/or soul.  Nothing new and definitely nothing exciting.  Remember Yes' Tales from Topographic Ocean?  However, if you like mood music, Yes or other pretentious classical art &quot;rockers&quot; give it a spin.
B000006TRV|4.0|Becoming one of the world's biggest bands had nearly destroyed Pink Floyd. Since the Floyd, a band whom had merrily produced experimental rock all over the musical map, since their writer of fairy tale, psychedelic pop songs, Syd Barrett had become undependable, had become megastars with the release of 1973's Dark Side of the Moon, the intrusive attention they received, the ever growing business aspect of their careers, spite from cult musicians and, depending on who you ask, either Rogers Waters' ego or the band becoming completely dependent on Waters for creative direction saw the friendship between band members dissolve and the loss of fun and enjoyment from making music, problems which fueled two excellent but very bitter, post-Dark Side albums, 1975's Wish You Were Here and 1977's Animals. So one would perhaps think the band's aching was settling in 1978, when they took some time away from each other, allowing David Gilmour to release his self-entitled solo debut and Richard Wright to release his first solo album, Wet Dream, both pretty somber records, while Roger Waters took refuge in a serene log cabin, recording demos for the next Pink Floyd album or a possible solo album.<br />But such was not the case. As bitter, sorrowful and angry as their past few releases had been, nothing could have prepared fans for the Wall, the album Waters was writing locked inside that cabin. In the guise of a song cycle about a dejected, celebrity rock star who was adored by many but all alone when he really needed someone, 1979's The Wall was a rage filled, autobiographical tour de force that allowed Waters to scream like an animal at his country, his wife, his fans, his self and even his old school teachers. As the record reaches its second disc, (which sees Gilmour, not fading behind Waters without a struggle, delivering a divine guitar solo through the drug filled haze of Comfortably Numb) the story shifts into the ultimate fascist fantasy/parody as the rock star goes off the edge and calls out for more blood and destruction from his fans. Although, at some points the songs get self-indulgent and the story lost, The Wall still stands as the ultimate fists-in-the-air, dark, hard rock fantasy. Even within the ranks of Pink Floyd's acolytes, the album is a cult classic for the more embittered listener.<br />The album is even a sort of essay on the rock phenomenon. As concerts like Alamont were becoming tragedies, as bands like Black Sabbath and Alice Cooper were accused of enflaming young minds with evil, as stars like Janis Joplin, Jim Morrison and even Floyd's own Syd Barrett seemed bent on self-destruction, the Wall seems to be rock and roll's definitive inward investigation.<br />Of coarse, the Wall, a double album, colossal stage show featuring an actual 50 foot wall and a motion picture, would lead to more complex money matters, more spite from poorer musicians, more egos clashing (Waters fired keyboard player Rick Wright halfway through recording) and would heighten the attention Floyd received to fascination. Things just got more frustrating for the Floyd causing, depending on who ask, Waters to quit the band or Gilmour and drummer, Nick Mason to dupe Waters into thinking Pink Floyd was over and then stealing the band's name from him in the mid-80s. Still, if you were willing to allow a record to be so completely in your face, 1979's the Wall is an intense and absorbing listen.
B00005MAM2|5.0|I really haven?t watched too many Anime films, so I?m no expert on them.  I have finally seen &quot;Akira&quot;, and I loved it.  Especially in this new remastered version.<br />I apologize, but I can?t really lay out the whole story for you.  The greatness in this film is uncovering the mysteries that this Anime poses.  Just know that there is brillant story telling, stunning action sequences, and a lot of suspence in this sci-fi film which creates a dark and horrifying future.  It has a very complex plot, and at times may seem very confusing.  This is definitely a movie you have to see more than once in order to understand it.  Even if you don?t understand every single thing the first time you see it, you?ll still  enjoy it because the animation is cutting edge and puts computer animation to shame.  It this film was animated the way &quot;Final Fantasy&quot; was, it wouldn?t be the same movie, and it would lose the sharpness and intensity that it already has.  I?ve only seen &quot;Akria&quot; twice, but after seeing it a second time, I think I understand it a little more.  I will have to watch it again in order to fully understand it, maybe even more.<br />A lot of people don?t like the new dubbed version.  The first time I saw it, I watched it in subtitles and got lost very quickly.  Watching it dubbed made it easier for me to understand and I thought the voices sounded okay.  Then again, I?ve never heard the original dubbed version, so I can?t tell you if it?s better or worse.<br />I love how this remastered version looks and sounds.  This is a classic that shouldn?t be missed by anyone.  Don?t let the complexity of this film aggravate you, just enjoy it the first time, and then you can watch it again and pay a little more attention to it and understand it more.  What is &quot;Akira&quot;?  That?s something you?ll have to find out in this thought provoking, and visually stunning film.  I loved every minute of it.<br />*I?m giving five stars for the film and how it looks and sounds.  I haven?t watched the special features, but there are plenty of them there for those who like extras.it looks and sounds.  I haven?t watched the special features, but there are plenty of them there for those who like extras.
B000002KB8|5.0|This is where it started, folks.  Not with Purple.  Not with Zepplin.  But with this one!  I like Purple and Zepplin a lot but whenever I think of bands like Danzig, Metallica or any of the NWOBHM bands of the late 70s, early 80s, they all lead back to this 1970 release.  <br />I used to have the old Warner Bros. LP of it, and promptly wore the grooves down off of it after 6 months.  I then bought another LP copy of it which I still have today, with the old green Warners label on the center of it.  It too is pretty worn, but with tracks like the opening title, &quot;Wicked World&quot; and &quot;The Wizard&quot; I just played it over and over again.  Didn't give a damm whether my parents liked it or not since I had never heard anything like it before.  <br />This LP/CD is the holy grail of 'heavy metal', 'doom metal' or whatever you choose to call it...
0807282375|5.0|I have loved the first two book in the HIS DARK MATERIALS trilogy, but this book is my favorite. It ties up all the plot lines that were created in the first two, while still having rivoting adventure scenes, quiet discoveries, plot twists, and new worlds/characters. every character is given it's own fully-developed personality; the same with the worlds. it is a heart-warming ending, that is also a tear-jerker. i was sad to know that the adventures were over. However, Phillip Pullman doesn't leave the reader knowing everything. There is a sense of mystery about the ending that lets your imagination finish the story to your heart's content. i loved this book, and recomend it to everyone. however, if you haven't read the first two books, i strongly recomend reading them first, or you will be completely lost. also, if you haven't read any yet: READ THEM NOW!!!!! Phillip Pullman is an author worth reading. and THE AMBER SPYGLASS is his finest book.
B000002KDO|5.0|Along with VOL.4, this also represents Sabbath's peak before they went into a creative decline with SABBATH BLOODY SABBATH.  The riffs and words are so memorable that even after not hearing the album for a long time, it still makes an impression.  My favorites?  &quot;Sweet Leaf&quot;, &quot;Into the Void&quot; and &quot;After Forever&quot;.  All metalheads should own it.  They might learn something...
B00005MG2Y|3.0|Linkin Park is not for sensitive ears. It's good new old-fashioned screaming rock, thundering guitars, with elements of rap and a bit of 2000-synths. Like Rage Against The Machine but with more soul and more catchily melodious.<br />It's a promosing development that rock of the noisier genre has had a rebirth. Linkin Park is one of the contributors; maybe not the best one, rather one of the big mass.<br />Apart from the hit 'Crawling' (surely the best song on 'Hybrid Theory', with its nicely screaming refrain!), the most worthwile tracks are 'Points Of Authority' (melodious scream-rock; a potential hit), the pumping 'Runaway', the rapping 'A Place For My Head', and especially 'In The End' with its rap theme and catchy melodious refrain. The single 'One Step Closer' is promising but basicly dies in its own noise.
B0000028RR|1.0|'Rage Against the Machine' should now change their name to 'Part of the Machine' since their record label, Sony, is one of the biggest corporate 'machines' on the planet.  <br />As far as I'm concerned, their 'rage' is just a big marketing ploy by Sony and MTV to get the little teen or twenty-something headbangers to go out and buy their CDs.  I wouldn't give these liars and posers a dime....<br />If I could give them a minus 10, I'd do so.
B000059WOD|3.0|Linkin Park is not for sensitive ears. It's good new old-fashioned screaming rock, thundering guitars, with elements of rap and a bit of 2000-synths. Like Rage Against The Machine but with more soul and more catchily melodious.<br />It's a promosing development that rock of the noisier genre has had a rebirth. Linkin Park is one of the contributors; maybe not the best one, rather one of the big mass.<br />Apart from the hit 'Crawling' (surely the best song on 'Hybrid Theory', with its nicely screaming refrain!), the most worthwile tracks are 'Points Of Authority' (melodious scream-rock; a potential hit), the pumping 'Runaway', the rapping 'A Place For My Head', and especially 'In The End' with its rap theme and catchy melodious refrain. The single 'One Step Closer' is promising but basicly dies in its own noise.
B00000064G|1.0|this record is all myth, no songs. after having heard about it being &quot;haunting&quot; for so many years, I finally picked it up. I played it over and over again looking for what others see in this album. here's what I heard: the kind of &quot;poetry&quot; that high school juniors write after reading about Sylvia Plath in English. this is mumbled while strumming the simplest guitar possible. the fact that the guy offed himself figures in much of the music's praise. to me, that's irrelevant. there's just no strong songs here. it's been a week since I've heard it and I can't remember a thing about it. this is after dozens of listens. it's utterly forgettable.
B00004Z459|3.0|Linkin Park is not for sensitive ears. It's good new old-fashioned screaming rock, thundering guitars, with elements of rap and a bit of 2000-synths. Like Rage Against The Machine but with more soul and more catchily melodious.<br />It's a promosing development that rock of the noisier genre has had a rebirth. Linkin Park is one of the contributors; maybe not the best one, rather one of the big mass.<br />Apart from the hit 'Crawling' (surely the best song on 'Hybrid Theory', with its nicely screaming refrain!), the most worthwile tracks are 'Points Of Authority' (melodious scream-rock; a potential hit), the pumping 'Runaway', the rapping 'A Place For My Head', and especially 'In The End' with its rap theme and catchy melodious refrain. The single 'One Step Closer' is promising but basicly dies in its own noise.
B00005M989|1.0|Squeezing Prince's best onto a single disc is like trying to cram the sun into your car trunk.
B00005ASIL|1.0|Tull only had one good song, Teacher, and it is not here
B00003CXSP|3.0|If you wondered how--or why--this material was brought to the screen, the DVD has generous commentary from the deLaurentiis', Ridley Scott and, most crucially, Anthony Hopkins. I believe the material would have been scraped had Hopkins passed. But his agreeing to repeat the role, the principles all were deluded into thinking they could recap the success (both commercially and artistically) of Demme's &quot;Silence of the Lambs.&quot; There's an obsessive need to justify &quot;this isn't a sequel&quot; when it clearly is. And a failed one. Scenes that would have explained what was happening in the theatrical release (for instance, Anthony Hopkins licking Julianne Moore's automobile steering wheel) were excised, leaving us to wonder why Hopkins was even at Moore's door much less her dining room table. There's a very telling segment called &quot;Reaction&quot; when a video camera records the audience at the premiere in New York, and the audience reaction is so distracting with revulsion, yet Ridely Scott comments repeatedly they didn't want &quot;too much.&quot; The film's final sequence and ending (where Harris' preposterious conclusion is discarded) is disappointing, when the filmmakers clearly had every opportunity to redeem the project, the actors and the audience. But they fall off the same cliff that Harris did: trying to tackle the glowing success of both book and film of &quot;Silence of the Lambs.&quot; Although watching &quot;Hannibal&quot; alone on DVD at least keeps you from being embarrassed at having bought a ticket. The transfer of both film and sound is superb.
B000050FEN|1.0|While this movie is one I want to own I cannot give up my original DVD, which has spanish subtitles, in order to up grade to alternative endings, better quality, and all the other bells and whistles.
B000000OUJ|5.0|The avaerage customer rating of this CD is 4/5, which means some people aren't giving it 5/5 - how!!??  It's the joint best Wu album, tied with 36 chambers and cuban linx, and it's a classic.  When they made this album the RZA and GZA each stuck to what they do best - RZA had sole control of the production and let GZA concentrate on his rhymes, and it paid off, impressively!
0399215921|5.0|what an amazing book.  as usual, eric carle's illustrations are outstanding, and the text is simplistic and includes animals that all children can identify with.  the story features a spider who gets blown onto a fence post located on a farm.  there she begins to spin her web (which is embossed on the page and allows the child to feel the story)and is tempted by many of the farm animals to stop.  she however, continues to busily craft her magnificent web in the end catching her fly and falling fast asleep.  the book is so perfect for toddlers that my two year old can now read the book to me!  this is a must have for any child's library.
B00005ATQH|4.0|The first half of 'Lolita' is surely the best film ever made - tantalising black comedy, audacious comic set-pieces, squirmingly pitch-perfect performances, in particular James Mason, required to be different persons to different people, embody European sophistication and seedy middle-age, project different emotions, verbally and physically, and perform in different registers (farce, melodrama, tragedy etc.), SIMULTANEOUSLY, which he does with grace, sincerity and wit.  He IS Humbert, and his cha-cha-cha seduction by Charlotte is one of cinema's great sequences, although Nabokov himself preferred his supping champagne in the bath after the car accident.<br />The second half isn't.  So much excellence is packed into the first that decline is inevitable.  Nonetheless, this is a major Kubrick film.  The use of a foreigner and paedophile to test the limits of society's tolerance (e.g. the violence in the hospital, the surveillance in Beardsley) is an artistic improvement on the one-sided 'Paths of Glory', and points towards the anguish of 'A Clockwork Orange'.  Humbert is in the great tradition of Kubrick heroes who reach a point of masculine power which then spectacularly unravels.  His controlling point of view is constantly undermined by the unnoticed games of Quilty, Lolita, Nabokov and Kubrick, an acceptable tanspositon of Nabokov's narrative minefield.  The author's parody of Gothic doppelgangers (Quilty as the embodiment of Humbert's conscience or 'bad' side) is actually transcended by Kubrick with a framing story, Humbert coming to face Quilty, that, for the alert viewer, opens endless metaphysical possibilities.
B00003CXCS|5.0|No matter how many times you've seen this 1965 musicalization of the 1959 stage classic, it's still a joy to behold. For me, there are many reasons. On location filming in Saltzburg heightens the story's magnitude. The casting of Julie Andrews as Maria Von Trapp was a coup for both 20th Century Fox and director Robert Wise. She's magnificent and ever so professional. Back then, this was only her third Hollywood movie. But she's a pro from start to finish. Everything she does it fraught with such emotion and conviction, you'd swear she was Maria Von Trapp.  Opening up the stage play with several new scenes, sub plots, songs, characters and dialogue also benefits what could have been a very sticky situation. Finally, there's the DVD itself. This is the widescreen version that was shown back in theaters when the film first opened. It includes the intermission and the Act II opening music. With no formatting for television, you get to see everything in all it's technicolor glory. On video, half the Von Trapp children didn't fit on the televsion screen. Musical numbers lost there scope as did scenes where you had 13 characters in one room and only saw 7 on the screen.  I highly recommend this DVD. But wait, there's more. The 87-minute documentary is awesome. So are segments showing scenes that were cut and up dates on how the kids look today.
0671024256|5.0|I *read* the unabridged audio, although I do have the printed book on my shelves (and have had it for a year!) and found that I enjoyed listening to King read the book. He added an extra and special element to my enjoyment.<br />The book is part memoir, part writing suggestions, partly about how he writes. King never says &quot;you must do it THIS/MY way&quot;, but he makes a good case for many writing techniques (including the use of adverbs--he calls them &quot;dandelions in the garden of writing&quot;---and the passive voice). He covered all aspects of the writing craft from his own personal point of view. I found it fascinating and would like to hear how he went about writing every single one of his books!<br />I am not an avid fan of King's but do admire his craft, more so now that I have heard him tell of his early efforts, from his early teens and the early years of his marriage when they did not have even enough money to buy the &quot;pink stuff&quot; (liquid amoxicillin) for their daughter when she had an ear infection. Hearing him talk about his addictive behavior was enlightening in many ways, and heartbreaking as well.<br />His relating of the story of the day he got his first advance brought tears to my eyes. You could still hear the joy in his voice these many years later. And I admired the way he so easily talks about his love for and devotion to his wife, whom he calls Tabby. She is truly his source of strength and a respected and equal partner.<br />A really worthwhile read that should appeal to fans and non-fans alike.
B000002ADT|5.0|I'll admit it, I'm a novice in the jazz world.  I don't know much about it at all.  I do know that this is a very wonderful and approachable CD.  As a person who is less than educated about Jazz, I found buying the CD a little intimidating.  First, there was my incorrect preconception that a lot of jazz is clashing dissonance where the music that sounds like the performers are not even listening to each other play.  I have learned that the style of jazz, which my jazzy friends refer to as &quot;bad jazz&quot;, is a very small minority of what is out there to chose from.<br />The other intimidation keeping me from the world of jazz was the unfortunate occurrence of having far too many music professors in college tell me that jazz was &quot;the ultimate form of music&quot; and &quot;all mortals must bow down and worship at the feet of jazz&quot;. (I'm not making that up, those are direct quotes.) Blindly accepting something as faith because pretentiousness dictates that I should is rarely a winning factor with me.<br />Anyway, this is the first jazz CD that I bought, and I love it!  This, along with &quot;Blue Train&quot; by John Coletrane, are two CDs that I am very pleased with.  I guess these CDs are pretty mainstream from a hard-core jazz fan's point of view, but as a beginner who is just learning how to listen to this type of music, I can say that I really enjoy listening to it.  It's cool, fun, interesting, and exhilarating.  A fantastic CD to chill to, or listen to while writing into the late hours of the night.  This music is a great companion for a searching soul.
6305212112|5.0|Kathy Bates and Jessica Tandy are amazing.  Mary-Louise Parker and Mary Stuart Masterson are equally powerful.  The performances in this film would be enough to make it a favorite if not for the magnificent story.  Jon Avnet has directed on of my top 20 films with great care.  Everything in this film is perfect, the story, the acting, the music, the pacing, and the framing.  The special edition DVD adds new scenes that were edited from the original theatrical release because of concerns over length.  They are a welcome addition.  The special features are extraordinary, including an isolated music score, and one of my favorite commentary tracks by Jon Avnet.  The poster gallery and recipe cards are also a welcome addition. TOWANDA!
0441003257|5.0|I loved this book.  It gets better each time I read it!  I have trouble getting it back once I loan it to people, so I've bought it 4 times so far.  The one copy that'll never be loaned out is the one I was lucky enough to have Neil Gaiman sign.  There are rumors of a movie directed by Terry Gilliam and I really hope it happens.  This book is outstandingly funny.  The story of a demon and an angel who've been on Earth so long that they've actually begun to like Humans - and each other.  Who could blame them for misplacing the Anti-Christ...
0679879269|5.0|This book was out of the ordinary. I'm also a harry potter fan, but this book i thought was so much deeper. It made you think. I'd read a book anytime if it had depth and quality. It was really touching at the end. I must have read the ending chapters 12 times  and I just finished it last night. Great book. It's ending was so right. but it was so sad, i wish the author changed the ending. Read the whole trilogy, but this book is by far the best of all.
0811826848|5.0|Some of us were sitting around in my room when the lights went out. By the time they came back on, it was the total chaos pillow fight. We were throwing them left and right and swinging them right at us. I was nervous about the collectibles but it turned out fine. <br />Sometime in the middle, Burnie came into the room with an egg and I shouted, &quot;Burnie, put it down!&quot; He threw it right at my head but I blocked it with this book. <br />Later, Sgt. Pepper starts singing and we all listen to the record.
B000001Y79|5.0|Aside from one or two songs, this upbeat CD is sensationally original, yet brilliantly geniuine. Gwen Stefani's vocal performances absolutely peak in this album with songs such as &quot;Just a Girl&quot; and &quot;Let's End it On This&quot;. Tony Kanal, the group's bassist, has a unique flair for the bass, almost bringing it into a whole separate dimension. <BR><BR>The theme that mainly runs throughout the album is the somewhat famous breakup between Gwen and Tony, from Gwen's heartbroken standpoint. The sorrowful breakup almost spells itself out in the album. However, despite the painful theme, the album maintains an upbeat, rhythmic flow throughout most of the songs.<BR><BR>      This album is definitely on my top ten list. I hope you enjoy it as much as I do.
0006531407|5.0|I found this book very useful, having wide and deep information about survival, even for persons who have experience in out door activities.
0767817664|5.0|Like many of the other reviewers I loved this movie when I was a kid I had my own copy and just watched it to death. It is about a vampire who moves in next door to Charlie a local teen who loves horror movies. He witnesse a vampire murder and then the mayhem begins. My favorite scenes are the pencil through the hand scene and the final showdown where Peter Vincent finally has faith. Go see this movie.
B00003CXDZ|1.0|Trying to be as open minded about this 2 hour MTV style fantasy, within the first 10 minutes I could see what I was in for. And &quot;Moulin Rouge&quot; held true to it's overtly cheezy and glitzy tongue-in-cheek style. I'd get more fulfillment from watching MTV for two hours, and I wouldn't feel as if I was wasting my money on someone's cinematic wet dream. Nicole and Ewan's singing and acting was good. It's just too bad it had to be wasted in this wreck of a movie that is obviously trying to be original, but only succeeds in creating a period piece set somewhere between broadway and pop culture.
0446607274|4.0|Set in Los Angeles, this thriller opens with the gunning down of a high-profile black attorney, Howard Elias, and a young Hispanic lady on the Angel's flight funicular railway.  Elias is a lawyer who specialises in suits against the police and all the law enforcement agencies, representing members of the coloured community.  At the time of his murder he is prosecuting the Police Department for allegedly torturing a black man whilst being questioned over the disappearance and murder of a young white girl from a well to do LA family.<br />Conflict of interest prevents the local police from leading the investigation into Elias's murder and so our main character, Detective Harry &quot;Heironymous&quot; Bosch, is introduced and put in charge of the case.  He is given a disparate group of police to assist him, including his immediate assistant, a man who has previously investigated Bosch for unprofessional conduct.  <br />Apart from the 9mm bullets, which were recovered from the corpses at the crime scene, there is very little hard evidence and very few clues.  There are no obvious suspects although the myriad of policemen and policewomen on Eliass casebooks find themselves on Boschs list.  This is clearly going to be a difficult murder to solve with such limited evidence.  Add the inevitable politics of the FBI, LAPD, Police Internal Affairs Division, civil authorities, local government and outright interference with Boschs investigation from all the above and the case becomes harder still.  Then theres the racial card, the deceit and cunning of the media in getting their front-page stories and TV news lead stories.  It is a pressure cooker situation and the city faces meltdown with the threat of civil disobedience on the streets if a white cop isnt charged with murder immediately. Its all about prejudice, hatred, pre-conceived ideas and memories of Rodney King.<br />The book moves at a great pace with the excitement and tension building.  This is one of Connellys best books and is hard to put down.  The plot is extremely clever with twists and turns at quiet points in the story just when you, the reader, think things are getting straightened out.  All crime thriller fans will enjoy this.
067144901X|5.0|I couldn't believe my son's daycare provider when she told me that this was his absolute favorite book.  When I bought it for him, I thought it would just be another fun one to read.  But, this book really, REALLY teaches kids the sounds animals make.  My son wasn't really saying a whole lot of words yet, but when I would read this book, all I would have to say was the first part of the sentence &quot;The cow says...&quot;  and he would entusiastically say &quot;MOOOOOOOO&quot;.  It is now to the point where I don't even need the book.  I just say &quot;The sheep says...&quot;, and he will say &quot;BAAAA&quot;.  This is such a cool tool to use to teach animal sounds to little toddlers.  I highly recommend it to any parent whose child is just beginning to speak.
0783114222|5.0|Excellent series. As soon as I finished watching it, I watched it again. My favorite parts were &quot;Spider&quot; (the LM and Apollo 9), &quot;Is that all there is?&quot; (Apollo 12), and the geology episode (Apollo 15). My favorite scene was when Dave Scott was trying to convince Deke Slayton to cut back on abort propellant so that he could take a special rake for soil sampling. Each part had a distinct approach to telling the story, but they all fit together very nicely.
0451169514|5.0|Stephen King is one of my favorite authors, and this book is his best... I read this book in about 10 days, I was so ingulfed in the story that I could hardly put it down... I love the way it switches from past to present back and forth seamlessly throughout the book... The characters and the Derry Maine scene are what hooked me to the book though... I felt like I knew the characters intimately as I read the book, and the scene almost seemed to come out of my childhood memories, and so I felt as if I was there in the book... I loved everything about this book so much, I just wish it could've gone on another 1000 pages or so... I've read quite a few books by Stephen King, and this is by far his epic best... it captures such an aspect of childhood, inocense, curiosity, whatever, that we all can relate to in the characters, and it plays on our own childhood memories making the words come alive into real pictures, and places... I can almost remember reading every page, where I was for every important scene... I loved every page of this book... definately check it out...
0385335482|4.0|What a fun book!  Better than Bridget Jones, so much more related to real life.  What woman hasn't shopped her heart out, or craved a piece of designer clothing (or an accessory) and bought it regardless of the financial consequences?!  Becky is a great character, very honest and funny. The inner dialogues she has with herself when rationalizing her purchases (or any other blunder for that matter) echos those of myself and my girlfriends every time we visit the shops. I've passed this book on to several friends and they've all laughed out loud as I did when I read it. It's a great summer read, have fun!
B000001F76|5.0|The best money I have ever spent on a cd set; bar none! Takes me right back to my early teens (now aged 58 yrs.) Refreshingly simple (some humorous) melodies and lyrics; before the onslaught of \\"kitsch\\" country and western.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|It's just hard to talk about this colored movie, very difficult, you just have to see it for yourself. The only thing I can say is: This movie is a must see for any movie fan. And of course, Nicole and Ewan are great here too.
0800187814|4.0|This film is only for the open-minded and honest. If you are a prude, don't watch it. Edward Norton as Alan Issacman, in my opinion, was the best portrayal of a character. Courtney Love's Althea was seductively charismatic in the beginning of the film. Milos Forman is a great director and I absolutely love this movie. I didn't like the fact that feminists were protesting the film, calling it a &quot;white-wash&quot; of Flynt's career. But who cares? They get mad at anything. I suggest you recommend this film to your close friends and relatives, maybe even distant ones. (Not moral Christians).
6305358567|5.0|This is a magnificent film with a stellar cast giving award calibre performances. Cate Blanchett deservedly won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Drama. She is truly the heir apparent to Bette Davis and Glenda Jackson, both having portrayed Elizabeth I in memorable performances. Cate Blanchett now joins their ranks with her own incredible performance in that role.<br /> The movie begins in 1554, in an England that is bitterly divided on the issue of religion. Ruled by Mary Tudor, Henry the VIII's oldest daughter and a devout catholic, protestants are being burned at the stake as heretics, giving rise to Mary's popular name, &quot;Bloody Mary&quot;. Reviled by her Spanish husband and in poor health, Mary is badgered by her advisors to do away with Elizabeth, her considerably younger, bastard half-sister. This Mary will not do, no matter how pressed. Still, Elizabeth lives her life with the sword of Damocles hanging over her head at all times.<br /> When Mary dies, Elizabeth takes the throne, no more than a mere slip of a girl wearing the crown of England. Her advisors look to guide her, and she follows their lead, until she determinedly takes control of the reins of power, and follows her own counsel with the help of her most trusted advisor, Francis Walsingham, played to cunning perfection by Geoffrey Rush. With his help, she is able to fend off the ever present threats to her hold on the throne of England, not just from her own courtiers, but from Marie de Guise, Queen of Scotland, deliciously played by Fanny Ardent.<br /> In the film one sees the transformation of Elizabeth take place. She goes from being a young woman, really no more than a girl, who is in love with Robert Dudley, the Duke of Leicester, dashingly played by Joseph Fiennes, to the commanding woman history would ultimately come to know as the Virgin Queen. Confronted cruelly with the politics of intrigue and betrayal, she learns that to stay in power and effectively lead her people, she must rule with her head and not with her heart. She succeeded brilliantly, leaving a rich legacy that would be remembered as the Elizabethan era.<br /> This film is an absolute masterpiece. While not quite historically accurate, the film is a broad overview of what happened when Elizabeth first took the reins of power. It also attempts to explain why Elizabeth I would be known as the Virgin Queen. This film is a lush and lavishly costumed medieval tapestry that is woven with great care. It is, without a doubt, a magnificent movie that will hold the viewer in its thrall. Bravo!ust rule with her head and not with her heart. She succeeded brilliantly, leaving a rich legacy that would be remembered as the Elizabethan era.<br /> This film is an absolute masterpiece. While not quite historically accurate, the film is a broad overview of what happened when Elizabeth first took the reins of power. It also attempts to explain why Elizabeth I would be known as the Virgin Queen. This film is a lush and lavishly costumed medieval tapestry that is woven with great care. It is, without a doubt, a magnificent movie that will hold the viewer in its thrall. Bravo!
0800132335|5.0|In the same tradition of &quot;All Quiet on the Western Front&quot; DAS BOOT will be regarded as one of the significant war movies of the twentieth century. Wolfgang Petersen demonstrates that he is a master storyteller of what it was like to serve the losing side of a World War. DAS BOOT gives insight to what it was like to serve board a 218-foot unterseeboot in the German Navy during the Second World War. The Captain (superbly portrayed by Jurgen Prochnow) at the advanced age of 30 is the &quot;Old Man&quot; on the Boat. He knows all too well what lies ahead of his crew as they prepare to get underway. Interesting characters permeate this masterpiece. On this mission, German War Correspondent, Lieutenant Werner (Herbert Gronemeyer) accompanies the crew of the U-96. Wener does not even have a clue what he is about to experience. Next, the Chief Engineer (played by Klaus Wenneman), who besides having his duties and responsibilities has a wife back home who is seriously ill. There is Johan (Erwin Leder), the one man who knew the diesel engines inside and out. He is also the man who cracks during a depth charge attack. He later apologizes to his Captain and is worried about being court-martialed only to hear the reply, &quot;go back to your post, Johan&quot; Although the experienced men aboard the U-96 knew what they are up against with the Royal Navy, the rest of the crew soon learned mettle their valiant English foes are made of. The truth soon became evident that the propagandizing pronouncements of &quot;Fat Pig&quot; Churchill are nothing but silly distortions from Nazi politicians who are not on U-boats in the Atlantic. Although they leave the German Submarine Base at La Rochelle somewhat naive these men soon learned the cold truth what it meant be one of their nation's &quot;hero warriors&quot;. Technically, this movie rises to the top of the submarine movies. The movie was masterfully filmed to give the viewer a true sense of what it was like to be a crewmember of an Unterseeboot. The viewer experiences to total U-boat experience, from the long arduous hours of mind-numbing boredom, to the raw fear of deafening reverberations of depth charge attacks. I consider myself to be somewhat informed having served aboard US Submarines in my younger days. I assure you that there is a vast difference between a 218-foot Type VIIb German U-boat of the 1940's and a 414-foot American Fleet Ballistic Missile Submarine of the 1970's. I watched the dubbed Directors Cut several times, but I plan to purchase the subtitled version just as soon as I can get my hands on it. You'll get your sea legs as you watch this movie...
6304119046|5.0|people are stupid-----------how could anyone rate this movie anything other than 5 stars.  this movie is brillant;  it is by far the most infleuntal film of all time<br />watch this one-- everone should watch this film many times
B00000293E|5.0|Well, Willie Dixon is definitely one of the most influencial blues musicians ever; he is right up there with Robert Johnson and T-Bone Walker.  Willie had written many tunes for Muddy Waters and others, and I Am the Blues is Dixon singing his own songs.  He sings them damned well, and the blues are played perfectly.  This is an awesome album to get into the blues, and it still holds true today.  Standouts are &quot;Back Door Man&quot;, &quot;The Seventh Son&quot;, and &quot;The Same Thing&quot;.  Highly recommended for blues fans.
B00005KHJR|5.0|I saw a longer version of this film years ago (~110 min) and had heard that the usual, &quot;cut&quot; (~88 min) version had been done by a guy who disapproved of the extended pagan sequences, with the excised pieces buried and lost forever during construction of the ring road around London.  That story just adds to the appeal of this longer version.<br />I had heard nothing of the ending when I first saw The Wicker Man and refuse to reveal it here, but the film is, in fact, a horror film in that the ending is &quot;horrible&quot; and, for me, unexpected.  (So I was bothered that the recent releases of the film on tape spoiled the ending with a revealing cover photo.)<br />The Wicker Man is not a perfect film, on one level, the production values being typical of the period, but it does force one to examine assumed values and beliefs like few other films of any period.  This starts with the unexpected appearance of palm trees on the remote Scots isle where it was filmed and ends with the final sunset.<br />Cult films take on a life of their own.  It is good to see that The Wicker Man lives on, whole once again.
B00004XOWM|5.0|&quot;My way&quot; is the best song I've heard in a long time. It alone is worth buying this CD.
B00005BL2A|3.0|To cut to the chase, Exciter is, at best, Depeche Mode at half strength. I hate to say it, but this album really sounds uninspired and without it's usual dose of unparalleled musical dominance. It took me a week to admit it to myself, but the lyrics have a tendency to be trite, and are not the slightest bit intriguing. Lines like &quot;Somebody has to/ Shine for me/ It's difficult not to/ Shine for me&quot; struggle to hold your attention, and the mother of all evils, &quot;This is freelove/ no hidden catch/ no stings attached/ just freelove&quot; is so cliche-ridden that I can barely stand to listen to it, let alone believe that Martin, himself, approved of what he was writing. <br />Historically, DM have made of a point of being honest, unique and completely independent of the trends, always striving to dissociate themselves with insincerity and music for entertainment's sake. That's what earned them their status. Really, their sincerity has been their claim to fame. With Exciter, DM has all but abandoned the ethic. <br />On any other level, this would be a completely acceptable, listenable, &quot;good&quot; album, but DM isn't N'Sync. What distresses me the most is that the only song DM released this time around, that possesses any integrity at all, is Dirt (On the &quot;I feel loved&quot; single), which isn't even by DM. It's a cover of an Iggy Pop song. <br />As a true fan, I can say Exciter is a low blow for a band that shouldn't be considered &quot;main stream&quot;. Exciter has &quot;been done&quot;. If not by DM, then by every other half-way decent band on the billboards these days. *sigh* If only Martin could have reached a little deeper with this one...
B00004XOWM|5.0|I think this is a very good CD. It's the kind of CD you can leave in the player for several hours. It's playing as I type this. It's worth the money.
B00003CXE7|2.0|After I read the reviews I was expecting action and tons of it or a little gore. Now im not going to lie there are some great parts but very few. In my opinion this movie was just basically boring but if you like long droning conversations and drama where it shouldn't be then this is a must see!
0441003257|5.0|From the first to the last page of this book, you will find yourself laughing out loud.  The cast of characters is eccentric.  You have &quot;Adam (An Antichrist)&quot;, &quot;Aziraphale (An angel, and part-time rare book dealer)&quot;, &quot;Crowly (An Angel who did not so much Fall as Saunter Vaguely Downwards.)&quot;, &quot;Dog (Satanical hellhound and cat-worrier)&quot; and so much more!<br />Good Omens, by the talented Neil Gaiman and Terry Pratchett is a book to tickle that funny bone and make you think.  If you've liked The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, you'll love this!
B000059TPN|5.0|Although this point would definetly be argued this is not only my favorite film but one of the greatest EVER! Cage and Connery do a magnificent job and Harris portrays his chrachter amazingly. There is tons of action and even a little drama for those teary eyed folks(think marine scene)!!! This film is truly amazing and needs to be seen by everyone!
B00003CXHJ|4.0|A great movie. I wrote this because of the phrase  &quot;fictitious use of red battle lights.&quot;  I was on a sub for 4 years, our very real  &quot;red battle lights&quot; were used to preserve night vision when submerged at night in case we had to emergency surface. (rig for red) The lights were used at PD.   (periscope depth)  On dark nights even these lights were turned off and you  &quot;rigged for black.&quot;
B00005LB9O|5.0|If there is any genre I am a sucker for, it is Brit-pop. All those Coldplay, Travis, Starsailor melt my heart and I can't help but weep like the emo dork I am. Travis' new album is probably the best Brit-pop album I've listened to. From the banjo and swoon of Sing, to the dark, depressing Last Train, The Invisible Band is full of acoustic, sweet melodies, swooning lyrics, to beautiful songs. Dear Diary is percussion-less, a short study about inner pain. Some songs, like Side and Pipe Dreams seem to be about god, (take the lyrics to Pipe Dreams: \\"i've read it all, every word/but I still don't understand a thing/what have you heard?\\", or the lyrics to Side: \\"I believe there's someone watching over you/watching every single thing you say\\") and Flowers in the Window is a light, Beatles-esque song. The Cage, Safe, and Follow the Light are mellow, but listenable exercises in the Travis formula, while the heavy acoustic guitars create a 'raindrop' sound to the best song on the album, the moody and atmospheric Last Train. But really, the whole album is good. It's light, it's fun, it's dark, it's sad, it's mellow, it's beautiful, it's raw, it's polished-like every great album, it's a showcase of great sognwriting talent, great musicianship, solid production, and water like fluidity. There isn't a better Brit-pop album out there.
B000050XEI|5.0|This is my new favorite of Enya's music. Each track is better than the next. The hit Only Time is not the best of the disc. Enya's music is incredibly soothing at the end of a stressful day.  I find it to be a wonderful way to relax and I highly recommend the CD.
B00005B6NC|5.0|Friggen best bug hunt since Alien. Vin is a masterpiece along with the rest of the cast, even if they do get eaten...mostly. Super cool plot and brillant direction.<br />The opening scenes of the pilot making a crash landing have to rate as the best thrill ride ever.
6305949980|5.0|If you are one of those fortunate people who never heard anything about this movie I'm about to do you a favor. I'm not going to describe it. I want you to experience this movie for yourself. I first saw &quot;The Nightmare Before Christmas&quot; in theaters during October of 1993. I began watching this movie knowing absolutely nothing about it. In fact, I made an effort not to learn anything about it. This was an advantage, because what I saw and heard was unlike anything I had ever seen before.<br />The only thing I will say about this film is the music. It's by Danny Elfman--Tim Burton's film composer and the former lead singer of Oingo Boingo. I've been a Danny Elfman fan for years. He has done some fantastic songs and motion picture scores. For &quot;The Nightmare Before Christmas&quot; he also created and performed several songs. It was a real joy to hear Danny Elfman sing again.<br />Trust me on this one. This film is a real treat for the eyes, and a visually imaginative piece of work.
0767824571|5.0|The funniest movie ever made.  I have seen this movie well over 100 times and still find humor in the nuanuces.  The biggest problem that most first-time viewers have is understanding the dialogue through the British accents.  The humor is dry and intelligent, and it helps to know a little about history to &quot;get&quot; all of what they are satiring.  Excellent, excellent flick.
B00003CXSP|1.0|&quot;The Silence of the Lambs&quot; remains one of my very favorite movies of all time.  When I was in graduate school, I wrote my thesis on the way that the film offers not only a brilliant thriller, but also an exploration of human transformation and the myths hidden within &quot;The American Dream.&quot;<br />When &quot;Hannibal&quot; was published, I rushed out to get it to see what Thomas Harris had concocted for us.  I approached the novel with caution; the very title seemed weak and without even a hint as to what the story might really be about at its core.  Unfortunately, my suspicions were confirmed: while the novel's scenes in Italy were reasonably exciting (if pointless), the film's denoument was an absolute betrayal of everything that we knew about these characters as believeable human beings.  Yes, Harris has the right to do what he wants, but the climax seems to me an attack on everyone who loved &quot;Silence&quot; (and &quot;Red Dragon&quot;/&quot;Manhunter&quot;): I can sense Mr. Harris at his computer, muttering &quot;So you like these people that much, huh?  Well, take THIS!  Hmph...idiots.&quot;<br />The film's choice to alter the ending is a good one...but it doesn't change the fact that this film is a pretentious and disgusting bore.  Ridley Scott creates a beautiful atmosphere in some scenes (particularly in its Italy section, like the novel) but the bottom line is that there is simply no story here.  Starling has been reduced to a caricature of feminine defensiveness (and the circumstances which cause her to fall out of favor with the FBI are purely plot-driven and with no hint of reality), while Lecter himself has become a parody of menace -- a Freddy Krueger for the art-house set.  The merry-go-round scene is my favorite -- what would Lecter have done if Starling had turned a half-step and seen him just as he reached out to touch her hair?  &quot;Er, ah...hello, ah, Clariiiiice.&quot;  <br />Mired in its own lack of plot (not to mention lack of people we care about), the film sinks in its own gratuitous arrogance.   And to make things worse, the film thinks that it is on par with &quot;Silence&quot; -- you can feel it desperately clinging to its delusions of adequacy in every frame, while it has none of the class, intelligence, metaphor, and grace which that film carried with it every step of the way.  The film's approach to its violence is also abhorrent: while Silence&quot; knew that what is unseen will always be more frightening than what is seen, &quot;Hannibal&quot; spills its guts (literally; sorry, I had to say it) all over the screen like a grade-Z freak show.  The only performer to escape unscathed is Giancarlo Giannini -- now if the story had focused on just him and Lecter, that might have been something. <br />&quot;Hannibal&quot; is one of the worst movies I have ever seen, even worse than those 80's slasher flicks I remember from my youth.  Why?  Because at least they knew what they were and didn't pretend to be something else.  &quot;Hannibal&quot; is wretched excess.  Jodie Foster, Jonathan Demme, and Ted Tally were wise to steer clear of it.  You should do the same.
B00005LMBK|2.0|I tried really hard to like it, but it's just simply, not good. If you ask me, it sounds like it' trying way too hard. Too hard to be important, different, or art for art's sake. It's chockful of boring trip-hop throwbacks, watered-down rock, awful rap, to stuff like 5/4, which is actually not that bad. It's uneven, too long, the lyrics are nonexistent, it's boring, it's just a waste of time. The only reason it's popular is because they make cool videos/it's rap/people are easily led to believe if they're buying something cool, they're nonconformists. I usually end reviews like this with something like, \\"if you want good trip-hop, go get ---\\" but I can't think of one. Bleh. Keep the emo/punk/rock alive. Go buy a Get Up Kids album and experience a little emotion and creativity in your music. I'm out.
B000002NJS|5.0|This Cd is the one! If you buy any Madonna CD ever buy this one. It has many hit songs like Ray of Light, Frozen, Substitute For Love, Nothing Really Matters, and Power of Goodbye. Also the haunting song, Mer Girl. The cute song for her daughter, Little Star. And many others you'll never forget. This album is one album that I never get tired of hearing. This is the one that gave Madonna Grammy Awards and Mtv Music Awards. This is the most powerful, fun, cool, haunting, extraordinary CD you'll ever hear...Hope you like it, I loved it.
0140131558|5.0|How do you discuss a mystery that's not a mystery?  More importantly, how do you WRITE three mysteries that aren't?  And still manage to create involving, memorable, and deeply disturbing novels?  I don't know how, but Paul Auster has figured out.  In the space of three short novels, Auster has developed mysteries that are more concerned with ideas than plot, with the style of writing rather than the content.  He has, in short, written THE NEW YORK TRILOGY.<br />Describing the plots does no justice to the novels (they are, after all, practically plotless), but I will endeavor to summarize.  CITY OF GLASS tracks Quinn, a frustrated novelist who agrees to accept a detective case, after being mistaken for the detective Paul Auster.  GHOSTS follows the exploits of Blue, a detective hired by White to spy on Black, for reasons which remain obscure.  THE LOCKED ROOM is centered on an author who has been charged with the task of tending to an old friend's vast literary output, after the friend has mysteriously vanished from civilization.<br />As mentioned previously, these novels ARE mysteries, on their surfaces.  (That's initially what drew me to their pages.)  But Auster isn't concerned with the intricacies of the detective genre.  He is far more fascinated with the image of the author, that person who creates people out of thin air and smoke.  Auster delves into what the make-up of such a person may be, a person who's public character is defined by the artistic output, not by whom the author actually is.  Who the author actually may be, or what the author's opinion is as to his or her own writings, is not important.  It is a schizophrenic life, to be sure, and Auster knows it.  Are we defined by our inner monologue, or do our actions govern our identities?  Is who we purport to be as important as how we appear to be?<br />CITY OF GLASS is an excellent example of Auster's musings on this theme.  As Quinn slowly begins to develop his detective persona, he can feel his previous author persona begin to slip away.  By his inadvertent creation of a new persona, he erases his past; but as he was only really defined by his novels, it is a far easier task than it first appeared.  This culminates in an exploration of the inner workings of personal discovery that reminds me of nothing so much than Arthur C. Clarke's elliptical finale to 2001: A SPACE ODYSSEY.<br />Is it environment, or public perception, or biology that determines what we turn out to be?  Auster interweaves this theme into all three of his novels.  The character of Stillman, in CITY OF GLASS, is so obsessed with this idea that he deprived his son of any form of contact, trying to discover the hidden, secret language of God.  Fanshawe, in THE LOCKED ROOM, is determined that he distance himself from what he was perceived to be, unwilling to accept anyone's characterization of his psyche.  Blue, in GHOSTS, discovers that what he fears the most is true, that his existence is his job; outside of that, nothing he thinks or feels has any effect.<br />Mind you, none of this would raise the themes above the quality of a academic treatise without Auster's remarkable writing ability.  While he may be loathe to be judged by his output, the fact remains that Auster can relate a story with the best of them.  His characters, while purposefully vague, still manage to create an empathy with the reader.  The quest for identity, that search for the ego, is a universally understandable topic.  Auster achieves the feat of simultaneously having the characters understand themselves at the same time that the reader does.  Any discussion of the past is irrelevant, it's the NOW that matters.  The author in THE LOCKED ROOM gradually understands this in his quest for the missing friend Fanshawe.  What he discovers about Fanshawe only serves to confuse.  Perhaps he was better off with his own personal memories, rather than try to incorporate the recollections of others.<br />Auster also realizes that one's opinions about a novel can differ from another's; it makes no difference.  What is important is what YOU thought, not what others may tell you to think.  The NEW YORK TRILOGY seems designed to provoke different responses, alternate beliefs as to what it all means.  I personally haven't been privy to such a possibility as to the ultimate meaning of a thing since witnessing Peter Greenaway's remarkable film THE COOK, THE THIEF, HIS WIFE AND HER LOVER.  What does it all ultimately mean?  Who knows?  What's important is that it affected me, on a level I wasn't expecting.  It is a pleasant surprise.'s opinions about a novel can differ from another's; it makes no difference.  What is important is what YOU thought, not what others may tell you to think.  The NEW YORK TRILOGY seems designed to provoke different responses, alternate beliefs as to what it all means.  I personally haven't been privy to such a possibility as to the ultimate meaning of a thing since witnessing Peter Greenaway's remarkable film THE COOK, THE THIEF, HIS WIFE AND HER LOVER.  What does it all ultimately mean?  Who knows?  What's important is that it affected me, on a level I wasn't expecting.  It is a pleasant surprise.
B00003CXRP|3.0|Cast Away is classic high concept Hollywood: Put Tom Hanks on an island and watch how he survives!<br />Unfortunately, this effort fails to match your typical episode  of Survivor in entertainment value. Hanks' performance is excellent (as always), saving the movie from an utter disaster. But the story itself is all concept, not execution. The island he lands on is, frankly, boring, and a good deal of the story is about how bored the main character is, which I found, well, boring!<br />The ending is fun, if hackneyed. <br />Basically, this is a B-movie that had A-movie intentions. That's why it did not get nominated for Best Picture and Tom Hanks didn't win an Academy Award.
B00003CX5P|1.0|This movie was HORRIBLE!!  It will never live up to all the attention that it got.  Quite possibly the worst movie of 1999.  It was really bad because it didn't have any good plots in it at all.  Even the special effects weren't great.  I was yawning and almost fell asleep within the first half hour and that situation didn't change much for the whole movie.  And the title, The Phantom Menace???  Yeah, I'm really sure everyone figured that out.  And the title for the next movie in the series??  Attack of the Clones.  That title is reason enough for me not to see that most likely horrible follow-up to this unbearable-to-watch movie.      I plead with my life to you-PLEASE DON'T SEE THIS MOVIE!!!  It's so bad that you will feel guilty about seeing it.  I still can't believe that I didn't get up and leave during the movie.  Even though I was in another state watching the movie, I would have happily hitchhiked all the way home.       You want another reason not to see this movie??  BAD ACTING.  The kid who played Darth Vader as a child (do we really need to see Darth Vader as a child?) is the worst child actor and shouldn't be acting.  It is so obvious that this movie was made solely for the publicity.  The &quot;real&quot; Star Wars movies were made to be masterpieces and they are masterpieces and this piece of trash only makes those movies look bad (as well as the so-called actors in the movie).      Do not waste your time and money on this movie.  Go out and rent a movie worth seeing.  And if you can't get rid of the urge to see this movie and do give in, I hope your intelligence won't be hurt too much but it definitely will be.  Trust me.  Seeing this movie is one of the things that I most regret doing in my whole life.
B00004Z4WQ|4.0|This is with out a doubt one of the most funny movies out there.  If you do not own this dvd you are either a male over 40 which if you are you probably own an old Clint Eastwood movie or a female over 40 which you probably have Steel Magnolia's.  But if you are young then you should definately own this DVD.  Very, very funny and unforgetable scenes.
B000002J09|4.0|Ok, if you don't know who Led Zeppelin is, they were a great hard rock band of the '70s. They were signed with Atlantic records, and had a very good line-up of musicians (including Jimmy Page on guitar and Robert Plant on vocals).<br />This CD has many Led Zeppelin greats including the famed 'Stairway to Heaven,' and 'Black Dog.' I found this a very interesting album because it used a wide array of music genres from hard rock to folk.<br />The album starts off with 'Black Dog,' which is in a way a mix of blues and hard rock, as I see it. It has Robert's traditional screaming vocals and the distorted sounds of Jimmy's guitar. I'll skip ahead a few songs and go to 'Battle of Evermore,' which is based on a 'battle' from 'The Lord of the Rings.' It is a folkish type song using accoustic guitar and other folk instruments. After that comes 'Stairway to Heaven,' regarded by many as one of the best rock and roll songs ever. The song starts out with an acoustic guitar with almost a folk sound to it. The song continues like that until speeding up and exploding into an incredible guitar solo by Jimmy Page. Then the song finishes out in true Zeppelin style with screaming vocals and distorted guitar chords, until going into a short vocal solo at the end.<br />This is a very good CD to get into Zeppelin, and for any Zeppelin fan who doesn't have it, because of many of the well known rock hits. Go and buy it, you won't regret it!
B000056NX5|5.0|Waited until I had both versions of JCS to compare them. The winner is without any doubt the new version. The cast is so much better in this performance. Especially Glenn Carter is the big winner: he has such a great voice and his acting is outstanding. His &quot;Gethsemane&quot; is the best I ever heard - it's just fantastic!!! How can anybody even remember Ted Neeley! Glenn makes Jesus a lot more accessible by being more human and touching. He is not afraid to show fear and pain where it is needed (39 lashes and crucifixion). He really is the best Jesus Christ ever - he is born for this role! Jerome Pradon and Renee Castle are also outstanding - the whole cast makes this new version to a very special event!
0736612092|5.0|This is one of the most fascinating explorations of man-alien contact, and even man-man contact, ever, if a bit dated.<br />When reading the Martian Chronicles (or, in my case, listening to the excellently read book on tape), the key is to keep in mind the context of the time in which it was written. In the post-war 1940s, the prospect of nuclear holocaust was all too real. More than 50 years later, the book is far too pessimistic about humanity and its future, while at the same time far too optimistic about the ease of travel to Mars.<br />Regardless, this is not the kind of science fiction that most are used to reading. For starters, it's a very literary book. The language is beautifully crafted; we're not talking pulp fiction here. Also, it's not a book about the rockets, or even Mars, per se. Bradbury spends no time explaining how the rockets are able to easily traverse the millions of miles to and from Earth, for example. It merely uses those conventions to tell incredibly poignant stories about man's paranoia and selfishness. One of the stories echoes the censorship-mad society in Fahrenheit 451, for instance. It just happens to occur on Mars.<br />The end result is somewhat depressing, yet profound. Think of the Martian Chronicles as the opposite of Star Trek's touchy feely Hollywoody SciFi.
B000002UY5|5.0|Shannon Hoon had one of the best voices in 90s rock, and it's quite a shame he died. Every song is a killer, espeically &quot;I Wonder&quot;, track three. No Rain is great too, no matter how many times you hear it. Over all, great great stuff. <br />-Dan
B000000OQF|5.0|The album that launched alternative rock into the mainstream (without even wanting to!).  It is quite simply impossible to overstate just how influentional this album was on guitar rock, without Guns N' Roses, Nirvana wouldn't have sold more than 5 copies of Nevermind. GNR brought the punk/hard rock cross over to the masses, adding melody, dynamics and tempo. (Welcome to the Jungle's dynamics makes Nirvana's loud/quiet dynamics look embarrassing).<br />Kurt Cobain created virtually a career out of slating guns n' roses, yet stole just about everything Nirvana did (including copying his life history for journalists from Axl's).<br />Never has an album characterised a band so accurately; contradictory (the nihilistic \\"welcome to the jungle\\") yet romantic (\\"sweet child o' mine\\"), an album, as with the band, of complete contrasts; confused yet focused, intelligent but also primitive, original yet its influences are so obvious.<br />Axl Rose then, as today, defines the &quot;omnipresent&quot; rock star. An album made even more intriguing beyond the good songs, by the semi autobiographical content.<br />Listen to many so called classics today and they sound horrendously dated, listen to Appetite for Destruction and it sounds as fresh and raw as it did back in 1987.<br />It has been said that every alternative/hard rock band cannot succeed without owning AC-DC's Back in Black; Appetite for Destruction should also be added to the necessity list. No matter what your music tastes; if you have any self respect make sure you own this album.
B000002H97|5.0|THis album introduced me to Metallica back in 1993. It also introduced me to heavy metal as a whole. I have the same copy of this album for 8 years now. It's scratch to pieces but it still plays like the day I bought it. Oh anyway! I agree Ride the Lightning and Master Of the Puppets can never be repeated. Regardless that the &quot;GOD OF THE BASE GUITAR&quot; Cliff Burton was not in this album, I believe that the BLACK ALBUM Was the last of the TRUE Metallica LEGACY. LOAD and ESPecially Reload were the true Sellout ALBUMS Of Metallica.
0345350499|2.0|this story was ok, just ok. it was pritty dry as far as i was concerned. and it was very much a book more for girls than for guys although not dramaticaly so.  it was just boreing.
B00003CXSP|5.0|This was a good, movie when I saw the previews to this I wanted to see it. I now own the, DVD great featres Deleted Scences and the Alternate Ending was good. Some parts were sick, which I won't mention but I liked this if you haven't seen The Silence Of The Lambs I suggest you watch it first to understand the story. Goodie Goodie! Well overall I liked, it scary so buy or rent this.
B00004XONN|2.0|...Sometimes the critics are afraid they will look unintelligent if they don't say it's \\"groundbreaking\\" or whatever.  I bought this album because I kept reading so many articles about Radiohead and I was interested to see what they had been doing since their hit \\"Creep\\" came out years ago.  Doesn't seem like I missed much.  I thought that a grammy nominated album must be something special - until I bought this album and remembered that Eminem actually won one.<br />It's not that these guys don't have a lot of talent.  It's just that when you put together an entire album of meaningless lyrics, distorted voices, and annoying sounds...
B00004Y6RO|5.0|First of all, I found this quite interesting.  Amazing drummer, for instance.  Eventually, this had become the album I turn on when I open a bottle of Jack Daniel.  Makes it even better.
B00003CX5P|3.0|It's hard to give a bad review to a movie that you have grown up with. I believe that nothing could of lived up to Star Wars fan expectations. Expectations were simply just too high. The first three Star Wars movie were great, but not critically acclaimed since, lets face it, some of the dialog was corny. But at least there were great characters that you could love.  With Phantom Menace the biggest let down is the lack of great characters. In the original movies you have a more threatening villan. In Phantom Menace, Darth Maul seemed like he was just thrown in the movie for the light saber scenes. The only character i did enjoy was Senator Palatine, he was the only one in the movie that seemed to have the dimension, and intelligence that the characters from the original movie had. All the other characters, especially the annoying Jar Jar Binks, were not as likable as the original cast...although he seems to be the most memorable character from the movie just from the fact that everyone hated him so much.<BR> Great, ground-breaking things were done with special effects and animation in this movie. It seems too much attention was put into being 'state-of-the-art' and not enough attention to story lines and characters. The original Star Wars didn't have all the digital gagetry that this one had but still told an interesting story. Some other things raise questions also, like the huge age difference between the Queen Amedala and Anakin Skywalker! <BR>After watching and loving the Original Star Wars trilogy it is hard to totally hate this movie. As far as classic sci-fi motion pictures goes i think maybe George Lucas should have left well enough alone and just be known for three great movies. But i think that no matter how bad his movies are we will still watch them and buy them just because we are addicted to the Star War legacy...even though the long wait for the release of the DVD version is a blantent attempt to get more of our money, after already buying the VHS version.
B00004XOWM|2.0|Well, the Limp Bizkit started out as a [great] band, but unfortunately they ended that with a turn to something not as cool. Rap is not Fred Durst's forte, and his use of it on their third \\"effort\\" has lost him a lot of fans. The music that used to be the mook metal of \\"Significant Other\\" has degraded into a typical rap album. Where Durst used to write real lyrics, the newer songs (save a few lucky good ones like \\"Take A Look Around\\" and \\"It'll Be Ok\\" plus Scott Weiland's \\"Hold On\\") are mostly the rap standard, \\"be cool, keep it real, and don't get in my way or I'll ... beat you down into a mushy pulp. But stay cool.\\" Sad really, their first album they were just having fun. The second album they were selling out and having fun, this one is just media puppet, TRL sellout stuff. Good Luck on the fourth album.
B00003CXMG|5.0|When i read the script to this film, I knew  i had to purchase the film. It was great, along the the fabulous perfomances from every characters. <br />I fell in love with this movie, and maybe most of you will as well. Take chance. Purchase the film. You'll enjoy it!
0425179877|5.0|I am very proud to have this among my collection. I have read it twice and am quite sure that it will be read again in a few short years.    May God bless you Mr. Kranz & your Family. You are a true American hero.
B00005O5JV|5.0|Legally blonde is the best movie i have ever seen.  I have to admit that it does look like like it would stupid and kinda like sugar and spice but its not. It is sooooo good. You have to trust me on this one. Rent it and see if u like which im sure you will. But this is probably a movie the whole family wont enjoy but the teenagers will.  THIS IS A MUST SEE MOVIE! Reese is an awesome actress and the other cast members are great! You gotta see it! Dont miss out!
0783242808|2.0|Now I really don't know about alot of teenagers but I really do not get the point of watching something this stupid, Now I was just in high school recently when this movie was out and sadly alot of teenagers in my school found American Pie to be a role model movie Sad Right!  I chose not to view ... this until recently I saw it on video and I was for the most part right some scenes are O.K and the movie is not boring or anything it's just watching two idiot guys trying to get laid is lame to watch and I really do not want to see that the guys in this movie remind me of dopes in school I could not stand who are very childish have no responsibility and are just into having sex not a relationship its like a 90's or some sort of mellenium Porkys immitation movie with a little of Fast times at Ridgemont high mixed in, I dont know you be the judge of it.
B000056K04|1.0|If you were a fan of Dave's work up until Everyday, you're not alone. Dave's &quot;sellout-tinnybopping-TLR&quot; album is his worst yet, Hardly having and resemblance to the Dave Matthews Band which used more instruments than Dave's electric guitar and the Glen Ballard lyrics that could have been made in a studio &quot;Anyday&quot;. If you want a real Dave CD find a way to go the scraped Lillywhite Sessions... That's the 5 star album.
B00005B4GU|4.0|while the bends and ok computer are pretty easy to understand after the first listen, kid a and amnesiac were a little more of a challenge for me.  the fact that kid a was the first radiohead album i listened to in its entirety affected my expectations of amnesiac.  i really loved kid a, and i was very happy with what i heard on amnesiac.  <br />i absolutely loved the bends and ok computer when i finally heard them, but there's something profoundly unique and haunting about radiohead's departure from just guitars, bass, drum, and keyboards.  like kid a, amnesiac feels liberated from some kind of imaginary and constrictive rock bible.  i'm fascinated by the band's use of off-kilter rhythms, eerie keyboard instruments (i don't know what all those things are called), and bizarre musical arrangements.<br />i have my favorites already. &quot;packt like sardines in a crushd tin box&quot; is a jumpy-somber creation, driven by tinny clanks and bloobs.  i really got the feeling that i was actually pact in a crushed tin box just like a sardine.  &quot;pyramid song&quot; gives me the impression that i'm in another dimension, hearing music from another race of beings.  &quot;you and whose army&quot;, which to me sounds very courageous and subversive, showcases thom's divine voice.  i can see him closing his eyes and crooning this simple, yet exquisite melody.  the song begins on the jazzy side and then suddenly bursts into intrepid rock n'roll goodness.  everyone's heard &quot;i might be wrong&quot;--not one of my favorites, but a good solid rock song anyway.  i really loved &quot;knives out.&quot;  this song has a genuinely pretty melody, and the chord progressions have a classical feel.  &quot;amnesiac/morning bell&quot; creeps me out a bit, but i enjoy the song's simplicity and eerieness.  &quot;dollars and cents&quot; reminds me of &quot;optimistic&quot;, but i think &quot;dollars and cents&quot; is better-crafted and evokes a stronger message.  ...&quot;we're gonna crack your little souls...&quot; &quot;life in a glass house&quot; is a dramatic way to end the album, and i hope radiohead continue to incorporate jazz elements in their next album. <br />despite the fact that amnesiac may be different from the typical rock album, i admire the musical talent and vision shown by radiohead.  they seem devoted to producing good, aesthetically-pleasing music for the ears of their fans.  true, some of the songs are little blippy-tinky for the average ear...but a closer listen will reveal genuinely beautiful music on par with a beethoven sonata.
B00005BL2A|4.0|Being a longtime fan of Depeche, I was chomping at the bit for the release of their latest. Was I happy to pick this up? You bet! Is it a departure for them? Yes, and a welcome one. <br />Having been around since the start of the 80's, they suffer from the &quot;been there, done that&quot; label: one of the first bands to use synths as part of electronic music, one of the first to point out that all isn't &quot;happy go lucky&quot; when you're young. Now that it's the new millennium, you may wonder whether it's all downhill from here.<br />Absolutely not! Tracks on this album still make an impact, and it's your choice whether you want to dance to it. Standout songs such as &quot;Dead of Night&quot; and &quot;I Feel Loved&quot; rock hard enough to fill any club floor.  <br />For the innate romantics in the room, &quot;I Am You&quot; and &quot;Freelove&quot; would be worthy of candles and that special someone.<br />For current fans, a word of caution: be willing to listen to this album a few times. The songs are catchy, but require patience.  <br />They may have gotten older, but the Mode can still deliver.
B000001F7R|4.0|Led Zeppelin and Def Leppard ...Sounds alike? It is no coincidence because the band name comes from LZ with just a little movements of letters.<br />Naturally their debut album is the combination of every 70s hard rocker you can imagine. Opening track Rock Brigade is quite excellent Kiss styled rock track. Hello America and Satellite show their melodic rock edge which would develop into grand scale in Pyromania or Hysteria. Every track is of top notch and  although not as striking as their later masterpieces this could easily be one of the finest turn of the decade rock. Listening carefully though they sounds so ordinary fine rock that if they stayed on that line there would have been no standout success. Their approach here is quite revolutionary because they try their tracks as catchy and crisp while sustaining hard rock edge. Thanks to the 80s heavy metal movement and the huge hit of Survivor's Eye Of The Tiger their place were being hoisted to superstardom later on.<br />Essential for debut album collectors and appreciators of fine rock.
B00000I07R|5.0|This was the first CD I ever heard of Bon Jovi, I was very impressed - includes hits like Bed of Roses, Dry County, and a few others, truely the best of the Bon Jovi Era. I just love this Rock N Roll style, and this CD in my opinion is the best - after Slippery when wet. So if you like Bon Jovi you gotta have it, actually if you like Bon jovi you got to have them all but this one should get you started.
0812550757|5.0|This book is one of the best Ender books I've read. The plot is how this disease is killing all this people, and a couple of scientists are trying to get rid of it, but at the same time they want to save a alien species known as &quot;piggys&quot;. There are some graphic parts in this book, but not much. Though this book does have its boring parts, I still liked this. I think you should read this book.
B00000HYXB|5.0|Like a few other people, I decided to check out Blind Guardian after listening to Demons & Wizards.  All I can say is that this CD is truly amazing.  There is hardly a weak song here.  If you enjoy epic fantasy-based power metal (sometimes affectionately called Hobbit metal) you will certainly enjoy this.  The chorus for almost every song will have you screaming along with Hansi (The lead singer).  The music itself is also great.  If you like Dio, Iron Maiden, and Iced Earth's more epic pieces, you should get this today.
0440219078|5.0|Although adults can certainly enjoy the wonderfully written book, it's best audience is young pre-teens. For those aged 10-13 it's an excellent book to get them to enjoy reading, instead of them simply doing it for school.<br />One of my personal childhood favorites
B00005NKCM|3.0|In the 1970's the first season was not shown in America because it was thought to be inferior to the other four seasons that came after. I'm still going to buy it, but buyer should beware. U/D is one of the best soap operas of all time.5 stars.
0743216458|5.0|HBO will be viewing 10 episodes starting in September.Read the book first in order to establish the &quot;Brotherhood&quot; bond between these boys who became men.You'll find it difficult to put this book down and even more difficult to find that you have come to the last page.This is a good one,indeed!!
B00003CXSP|4.0|First of all, let's get one thing out of the way: this is not, nor will it ever be, a classic in the same way as its predecessor, Jonathon Demme's Silence of the Lambs (1991).  It is a different film, with different goals.<br />That being said, watching Silence of the Lambs and Ridley Scott's sequel Hannibal one after the other (as I just did) is quite instructive.  I realized that the second film is really a smart, densely woven deconstruction of the first. It rather methodically dissects the characters and situations of Silence of the Lambs by inverting them. For example, in the first film Clarice went to Hannibal, who was in a glass cage, because she needed something he could offer; in the second film, Clarice is the one in the cage - the public-relations nightmare of an FBI raid gone horribly wrong.  It is the now-free Hannibal who comes to see her, to satisfy his own needs - and also to dole out retribution on her behalf.<br />This natural, even logical extension of their odd &quot;courtship&quot; from the first film, along with subtexts drawn from Dante and Shakespeare (yes, Shakespeare) deepens the psychology of their rather Fruedian relationship.  Clarice is like Lavinia, daughter of Titus Andronicus, who is metaphorically raped and crippled by the system she is sworn to uphold.  Hannibal recalls Titus himself, reincarnated in an ironic, post-modern form, as he becomes the (admittedly unwanted) instrument of her revenge.  The film even ends with a grisly dinner scene and the sacrifice of his hand. (In a bit of cool irony, Anthony Hopkins also played the title role in Julie Taymor's film version of Titus in 1999 - a parallel seemingly lost on most - though not all - reviewers.)<br />Thomas Harris' novel of Hannibal also inverted characters and situations from Silence, though to an even greater extent (those who have read it know exactly what I mean).  The film, however, does not commit to Harris' &quot;fall from grace&quot; arc so completely, instead substituting metaphor and literary allusions.  Just as well; it is hard to imagine a modern film audience buying into the concept of an &quot;evil&quot; Clarice.  Hannibal the film takes these ideas about as far as a populist film can, then it turns them loose for us to take home and think about.<br />Julianne Moore takes over the role of FBI agent Clarice Starling from Jodie Foster, and, of course, Anthony Hopkins reprises his brilliant turn as Hannibal &quot;the cannibal&quot; Lecter.  The performances are first-rate all around, including supporting work by Gary Oldman as Dr. Chilton's doppelganger, Mason Verger; Giancarlo Giannini as an Italian detective with the significant (and unfortunate) name of Pazzi; and Frankie Faison as Hannibal's guard from the mental institution, Barney.<br />David Mamet and Steven Zaillian's screenplay is literate; wry. Ridley Scott's direction is, of course, a visual delight - though he has lately become a little too enamored of gimmicky stuff like quick-cutting, under-cranking, and narrow shutter angles.  Hannibal would have benefited had he lain off some of the MTV stuff.<br />The DVD release is well produced, with a sharp picture and terrific sound that really showcases Hans Zimmer's haunting (and at times wickedly funny) score.  The second DVD is full of first-class extras, including documentary material, multi-angle stuff on the ill-fated fish market shoot-out, storyboards, and other goodies.<br />Hannibal made money in its theatrical run, yes, but was not taken too seriously, being perceived as a sensationalist, Hollywood sequel to a more thoughtful original.  But I think it will actually grow in stature in the coming years, as people look past the sensationalism and marketing to realize what a really smart and witty movie it is.tuting metaphor and literary allusions.  Just as well; it is hard to imagine a modern film audience buying into the concept of an &quot;evil&quot; Clarice.  Hannibal the film takes these ideas about as far as a populist film can, then it turns them loose for us to take home and think about.<br />Julianne Moore takes over the role of FBI agent Clarice Starling from Jodie Foster, and, of course, Anthony Hopkins reprises his brilliant turn as Hannibal &quot;the cannibal&quot; Lecter.  The performances are first-rate all around, including supporting work by Gary Oldman as Dr. Chilton's doppelganger, Mason Verger; Giancarlo Giannini as an Italian detective with the significant (and unfortunate) name of Pazzi; and Frankie Faison as Hannibal's guard from the mental institution, Barney.<br />David Mamet and Steven Zaillian's screenplay is literate; wry. Ridley Scott's direction is, of course, a visual delight - though he has lately become a little too enamored of gimmicky stuff like quick-cutting, under-cranking, and narrow shutter angles.  Hannibal would have benefited had he lain off some of the MTV stuff. <br />The DVD release is well produced, with a sharp picture and terrific sound that really showcases Hans Zimmer's haunting (and at times wickedly funny) score.  The second DVD is full of first-class extras, including documentary material, multi-angle stuff on the ill-fated fish market shoot-out, storyboards, and other goodies.  <br />Hannibal made money in its theatrical run, yes, but was not taken too seriously, being perceived as a sensationalist, Hollywood sequel to a more thoughtful original.  But I think it will actually grow in stature in the coming years, as people look past the sensationalism and marketing to realize what a really smart and witty movie it is.
B000056VIY|5.0|PERSONALLY IM A JLO FAN BUT HER FIRST CD HAD TO MANY DIFFERENT TYPES OF SONGS YOU CAN OBVIOUSLY SEE IT WAS HER FIRST ALBUM AND SHE WAS TRYING TO FIND HER SOUN AND SHE DID WITH HER SECOND CD I GOT THE CD THE FIRST DAY IT CAME OUT AND WAS SUPRIZED AND HOW DIFFERENT IT WAS FROM THE FIRST HER SINGING IMPROOVED INMENSLY AND THE MATERIAL IS MUCH BETTER IM SURE HER THIRD ALBUM WILL BE THE GREATEST BECAUSE &quot;JLO&quot; IS REALLY GOOD AND JENNIFER STILL HAS ALOT OF SINGING POTENTIAL&gt;
B0000508U6|5.0|Many claim this CD to be a rip-off by sounding too much like Radiohead (vocals and all), but I've never been a fan of that band but find myself loving Coldplay, so surely their sound MUST contract from them a little. And though Yellow is not all that impressive you should buy and actually listen to the thing all the way through before jumping to conclusions. Their sound is distinct in their own right. It's hard to explain so I advice you take your chances and listen for yourself. Only then will you comprehend what I mean.<br />When my friend loaned me this CD I wasn't sure I'd like it. And at first I didn't. I thought the songs to be too much alike and nothing special, but after a few more listens it really grew on me. Now I find it to be soothing and relaxing. And yes the lead vocalist does remind me somewhat of lead singer, Thom Yorke, of Radiohead, but that's not his fault. It's just the sound of his voice. I think it's ridiculous how people are stressing over this trivial matter. I mean, honestly, how many other bands out there sound similar to others? Tons, people! It's just a style... In my opinion this is a classic masterpiece in alternative rock.<br />To me the noteworthy song praises go to the short but fabulous &quot;Don't Panic,&quot; the synth-layered &quot;Shiver,&quot; the schizophrenic &quot;Spies,&quot; and the piano-riffed &quot;Trouble.&quot;
B000051VWW|4.0|Lover's Rock is not my favorite Sade CD. However, I do have a better appreciation of this CD since seeing Sade in concert recently. All in all Sade doesn't disappoint. Her voice is as smooth and elegant as always and the band is tight!
B0000025JT|5.0|It is amazing that after over 20 years, &quot;Guilty&quot; is still Streisand's largest selling album.  Barry Gibb and his brothers have worked wonders with many female artists, but this is probably their best writing and production work (Grammy winners).  Garnering 5 singles with 2 going to #1, this is Barbra's essential &quot;pop&quot; album.  From the R&amp;B laden title track to the softly, sultry &quot;Run Wild&quot;, Streisand's voice is relished.  The Gibb's really know how to focus on Barbra's strengths.  The two duets are some of Barry Gibb's strongest vocals to date and all the songs are bouncy, pop masterpieces.  Finishing off nicely with the extravagant &quot;Make It Like A Memory&quot;, you'll just hit the 'play' button again.  Great album.  Great songs.  Great memories.
B00003CXN4|1.0|I guess in my last review of this film, I revealed too much, or I made too many spiteful comments because it never got posted. I can't describe how awful this film was, at least not adequately in a way that Amazon will post. This film has some serious flaws that I find so amazinly obvious and utterly ridiculous that I have a hard time believing anyone would like it. I think it gets by solely on &quot;Star Power&quot;, because it is the weakest attempt at serious filmmaking I have ever had the disprivelege to witness. All sense of reality was swept aside in favor of knee-jerk sensationalism. If so many people think this movie is about the &quot;real&quot; war on drugs, America is in serious trouble. I'm pretty sure the only people who think this film has anything to do with reality have never been to or known anything about the ghetto and street life. Middle-class Americans who claim this film is all about &quot;reality&quot; are only allowing themselves to be fooled even further. THE EVENTS THAT TAKE PLACE IN THIS FILM COULD NEVER HAPPEN IN REALITY. It is a twisted, sensationalistic fantasy, one where cops are morons, the &quot;Druz Czar&quot; is a pathetic looser who couldn't run a one-man charity, rich white prep-school kids are &quot;street smart&quot; and the entire Justice System if the United States is so woefully inadequate that it can't bring to justice a drug lord who has been practically gift-wrapped. I can't believe anyone could overlook these serious flaws, to the point that I'm worried about our society and how it intends to deal with a serious problem.
0440219078|4.0|Lowry's book is fascinating to say the least. She leaves you to make many conclusions on your own about what is happening. The ability to read into the story your own world view is almost frightneing when you consider that this is a childs book. However at the same time from a sociological and political stand point it raises some very serious questions for the adult reader to struggle through. The theme is one of what would life be like in a &quot;perfect&quot; society where everyone was safe and content but never made decsions for themselves, if the government (elders) were trusted to make the right decision for everyone. It touches on such tough issues as euthanasia, society role or class, and socialism. As you can imagine these are some very deep subjects for a children's book. I would reccomend that any parent read this book before or at least with their child so that they can dicuss these important topics with them. Let us pray that our society never becomes this &quot;safe.&quot; Overall a very quick read and worth a couple hours of your time.
B00003CXSP|2.0|Being very fond of &quot;Manhunter&quot; and &quot;Silence...,&quot; and having read the book, I was excited by &quot;Hannibal.&quot;  I sat in a packed house opening night. And I was repulsed by so much of the film that I wanted to walk outside, vomit without cessation for many hours, and promptly leave. First off, outstanding actress though she is, Jullianne Moore is not Jodie Foster.  Anthony Hopkins is great fun to watch, sure, but he seems wildly out of character this time around (&quot;Okey dokey?!&quot;).  The cincematogrophy is gorgeous, and the swelling arias are beautiful, but then Scott decides to throw some unfathomably graphic bit of imagery at us.  Some opening shootings aren't too bad, and Gary Oldman's &quot;melted wax puppet with leprosy&quot; makeup is only initially chilling, but then we see a vicious throat-cutting.  A crude disembowling.  An impaling.  A session of guesome (although rather amusing) sweetbread feedings.  And, of course, the piece-di-resistance, a bunch of pigs ripping the faces and limbs off of a bunch of flailing victims. Now, I have a strong penchant for gore, but this is absurd. The DVD redeems the film, however, with a smorgasboard of extras.  There are some neat deleted scenes, an interesting alternate ending, and a few other things worth digging into.  But just for a rental; the extras aren't quite good enough to hoist this film out of its' significantly gory rut.
B00000IQC8|5.0|Clerks is the start of my favorite series of movies ever, The New Jersey Chronicles (can't be called trilogy cause of Dogma and Strikes Back.)Although the movie is filmed in B/W it is still very funny. Smith's dialouge is very present here, and that is always a good thing. All 4 movies are tied for 1st in my book for different reasons. See this movie, and enjoy the infamous dead guy in the bathroom bit. Can't wait for Strikes Back!
B000002VCT|5.0|\\"Pyramid\\" is so incredible! When released in 1978, I was already an APP fan. First hearing \\"I Robot\\" (possibly my favorite album of all time) upon it's release (1977), I was hooked on the APP. I then heard \\"Tales Of Mystery and Imagination - Edgar Allan Poe\\". To me; 3 of the greatest albums ever recorded - period! It is a damn shame, \\"I Robot\\" was (and is) not regarded for the masterpiece it truly is. Better than \\"Dark Side...\\" in my opinion. But hey!, it's all personal preference. \\"Pyramid\\" is very special. Possibly the last 'Great' entire album by Alan Parsons, at least in the conceptual manner. The instrumentals are tight, with super orchestration. The vocals are, as always, excellent. The Project's vocalists are unparalleled in the industry. They shine on this 1978 album. If I remember correctly, this was my favorite release of that year! I never grow tired of this album - never! It is a timeless classic. Funny thing is, I even read the book \\"Pyramid Power\\" some time later. If you don't own this album - it's time.
B000053VAF|5.0|This is a great movie. It is really funny and has a great story as well. The characters in this movie are very well thought out, and the gags laugh are once a minute. I own all the Smith films on DVD and am very proud to have this one in my colloection. Can't wait for Strikes Back!
0792156684|5.0|I avoided seeing Titanic until 4 months after it was released because back then I was in the same mindset that many of these reviewers here are: &quot;I know how it ends&quot; or &quot;Only teenage girls want to see it&quot; I would say. I finally went and saw Titanic with a still closed mind.  I knew I would not like it and in fact I decided beforehand that I would not like it.  Boy was I wrong!  From the opening sequence until the end credits this I was riveted to the screen.   Never have I seen a movie where noone got up to leave to goto the bathroom or get a snack.  The entire audience never made a peep-noone talked or made a sound.  About halfway thru thu the movie I forced my eyes off the screen and looked around the theatre and everyone was sitting there with their eyes and jaws wide open at the screen.  I never looked at my watch to see how much time had gone.  Even near the end it felt that I was sitting there for only a few minutes.   Never did the movie seem to drag. I saw the movie five times in the theater and each time almost the entire audience sat thru the end credits.  I never have seen that happen before or after.<br />As far as the naysayers go and the very negative reviews they give, I believe they are mostly guys who don't feel comfortable expressing their emotions and hate the film because it made them cry and they don't want to admit it or have a hard time dealing with that.  I have friends who saw the movie with their buddies and have the same opinion as me.<br />The non believers like to justify their negativity by saying that all 3 hour epics or overhyped movies win academy awards.  That is far from the truth-can you say Wyatt Erp or Waterworld?  Or they say that the move was so overhyped it forced people to go see it.  Well I never saw a Titanic commercial on TV until after I saw the movie.  Lastly, there is the argument that teenage girls made the movie such as success because they wanted to see Leonardo and went repeatedly to see the movie. Definitely that is true, but if that is the only reason Titanic was a success then you must ask yourself &quot;Why aren't any of Leonardos' movies following Titanic super-sucessful?&quot;    <br />Anyways, I'm glad I got that off my chest.  Regarding the DVD, get it!  Much better picture quality than VHS, but I feel it should have a few more extra goodies.  Watching Titanic (or any movie) at home just isn't the same as seeing it in a theater (going from a 40 foot screen to a 36 inch screen alot is lost) no matter how good of a home theater you have.  And you don't feel the emotions of the other few hundred people in the theatre.  But you know you can't go back, and until Titanic is rereleased in theatres, the DVD is the best you can get.
B000059XYL|4.0|As an aspiring singer, I found this film to be closely related to the struggles that musicians go through. Unlike Violet, I don't have stage fright, as a matter of fact, I love being on stage. However, taking 'odd' jobs is something that I'm very relatible to. Even tho I've never taken a job at a bar quite like Coyote Ugly, it shows that when you are trying to achieve a dream, you do whatever possible. So far when it comes to dancing on a bar, I've only ever done it for fun, but it just goes to prove that we don't have an easy time of it trying to make it in the music business, and this type of scenerio is incredibly possible because when you're desperate, you do whatever it takes, even if it means sacrificing a little bit of dignity...even tho you can still have a hell of a lot of fun doing it. Over all this film is easily a 4 because it's not just about girls shaking it on a bar, it's about getting what you want.
B00005N83M|5.0|I personally think Jennifer Lopez is an excellent actress and singer. Plus, her music is so cool! J.LO [Explicit Lyrics] is her best album yet, and definitely better than the clean version of this album. Most of the songs are great, but there are some ones that are not so great, too. My favorite tracks on this CD are: &quot;Love Don't Cost A Thing&quot;, &quot;Play&quot;, &quot;I'm Real&quot;, &quot;Walking On The Sunshine&quot;, &quot;Ain't It Funny&quot;, &quot;Carino&quot;, &quot;Secretly&quot;, and the Ja Rule Remix of &quot;I'm Real&quot;. I actually like the original album version for &quot;I'm Real&quot; better than the Ja Rule Remix, but the Ja Rule Remix is still pretty cool. I think I like the original version better because it's a lot faster and the Ja Rule Remix is a lot slower. Plus, there are like, completely different lyrics on both songs. Anyways, if you are a Jennifer Lopez fan, this album is a must have - it's better than the &quot;clean&quot; album because this one is more mature with no cuts or snipts of the lyrics. In fact, you don't even have to be a J. Lo fan to enjoy this. This album is a mix of Pop, Latin, R&amp;B, and even Techno. So if you like any of those kinds of music, then I definitely recommend this album!
B00004ZAV3|5.0|I am not certain where to begin.<br />The Beatles were, as most people know, an absolute revolution in popular music.  They looked and sounded completely different from any other band that had gone before.  At one point in 1965, five of the Top 10 songs were Beatles numbers.<br />So, here we have a collection of the Beatles' number 1 hits.  There isn't a bad cut in the batch, from &quot;Love Me Do&quot; to &quot;Let It Be.&quot;<br />If you are looking to have only one disc that shows the Beatles at their best, this would be it.
B00005J6UP|4.0|I watched this DVD and laughed hysterically.  Not only does the movie look great (especially in 2.35:1 aspect ratio widescreen format), but it sounds great.  Definately the best part of this edition aside from the actual movie is the Richard Donner and cast commentary.  All, and I mean all of the original Goonies are together for a full commentary that runs through the entire film. It is so funny because they talk about how much fun it was to make the movie and how hard it was too. One of the things I loved about it was that they made fun of some of the same things my friends and I used to make fun of.  It's a very nostalgic trip because if you loved this movie as a kid you will fall for it again.  Martha Plimpton's comments are priceless, she is so funny.  I could have done without some of Corey Feldman's lame &quot;I did this... and I did that in the movie..&quot; comments.  He makes joke after joke, but no one really seems to be paying a lot of attention to him.  Jeff Cohen (Chunk) is slimmed down and is now a lawyer.  He supplies a lot of funny moments in the commentary as well.  In conclusion, the gang's all here and any fan of this movie must have this great DVD.  Not too shabby including the cheesy as hell Cyndi Lauper video either.  Good job Donner and Co.
B00005JIZA|5.0|I bought this cd in early June on a whim after to listening to clips of it here on this very page and it has now jumped up to one of my favorite cds of all time. He is simply an amazing musician. My opinion of John skyrocketed last night, if that were possible, when I drove 4 hours to see him play in Ann Arbor, MI. He is simply the most amazing showman/entertainer I have ever seen and I have been to a wide variety of shows in my day. Every person in attendance in the small, intimate club atmosphere was totally engrossed in both his songs and his hilarious banter between songs. But this album NOW. You will not regret it. However, there will be no substitute for a John Mayer live show. He said himself last night, &quot;Most artists believe the cd is the primary product and the live show the support product except for me. So go to the back of the bar and pick up your very own John Mayer home game after the show!&quot;
B00003CXXI|5.0|I believe that I speak for most teenagers all of the globe when I say, &quot;If you're going to make me watch a movie with the rest of the family, atleast do me the favor of making the movie Shrek.&quot; <br />Shrek stars the likes of Mike Myers, Eddie Murphy and Cameron Diaz, stars that are highly thought of by teens. The plot is semi-predictable, but still really interesting. The visual effects are amazing. And there's none of those annoying Disney songs. In other words, if your a teen, 'S-H-R-E-K' spells out 'F-U-N'.
0060975768|4.0|This is a gripping piece of work that vividly demonstrates the valor, courage, and sacrifice of professional soldiers and draftees in the face of a determined foe.  The book is not just for the military history buff.  While Gen. Moore and Joe Galloway created a book that appeals to the miltary history fan, this book goes beyond being just another war story.  It tells the story of everyday Americans who fought and died for each other without question, for to do less meant certain death.  You'll read it more than once.
B00003CX5P|4.0|First off, i just want to tell you why i gave this movie 4 stars. i didn't compare it with other star wars. but with other movies. it got 5 stars against other movies and only 3 against other star wars hence the 4. I highly recomend you buy this on dvd! i have it on vhs it is good but the sound could be better. and if you are like me you want it really bad in widscreen for the podrace and space battle as well as the entire movie. <br /> I personally thought it was the second best movie in the star wars series. but for 22 some dollars it is deffinatly worth the buy. Now for the good and bad. The good is the podrace and the end battles. The bad is the story. the story lacked what other star wars movies have. Another thing is jar jar binks, i wish they had had a human in a suit on makeup instead of cgi. I am not saying it isn't bad it just has that rubbery feeling to it.<br />Bottam line. BUY IT AS SOON AS IT COMES OUT BECAUSE IT IS DEFFINATLY ONE OF THE BEST MOVIES OF ALL TIME!
0425152251|1.0|It absolutely bowls me over that so many people thought this was a great book.  I must be out of touch with how most people think. I thought this book was silly and now after a few years I hardly remember any of it.  The books I have enjoyed remain in my mind for decades as joyous, wondrous vacations.  This one was fluff, pure fluff -(in my 'umble opinion).
0451169514|5.0|IT was the first Stephen King novel I ever read. It's what got me hooked on SK and I've stayed hooked for many years now. I'm not given to re-reading novels but I made an exception with IT because I remembered it as being SCARY and powerfully written. Upon re-reading, I was not disappointed. Even when you know the outcome, the power of Stephen King's writing leaves you gasping for breath.<br />The start to the story is when little Georgie Denbrough chases his newspaper boat that his brother made for him. There has just been a heavy downfall of rain and Georgie lets the boat sail down the street - straight into the drain on the side. He's about to forget about it and go home when a clown appears from nowhere and asks him if he wants it back. But when Gorgie reaches for it... bye bye Georgie.<br />After that, the horrors build, the tension groans, the suspense rattles the foundations and, once again, you're hooked into a Stephen King fantasy world where nothing is as it seems and very little is as it should be.<br />IT is still as scary as it was when I first read it. If you've not yet been tempted, give way NOW and add this book to your shopping basket.
B00003CXSP|2.0|What a waste!  5 excellent performers combined into a product that has more holes in it than swiss cheese.  Aren't agents supposed to advise their clients against mistakes in judgment like this?<br />Has anyone figured out how Lecter can afford to flit about from country to country?  Is he selling surplus body parts?  And doesn't anyone check passports anymore? Whose name and picture are on Lecter's, anyway?<br />The &quot;R&quot; rating should be for &quot;repulsive&quot;.  However historically accurate, the hanging was predictable.  Same with the knifing in the street, and dinner scene at the end.<br />Too bad that characters were left out of the movie, Verger's sister, in particular.  She was one of the more interesting persons in the book.  And why should the good doctor pitch Verger to his fate with the piggies?   Motivation, anyone?<br />The 2 stars are for the score, the photography, and the makeup.  The music was grand, and the photography, both interior and exterior, was exceptional. And Gary Oldman probably didn't recognize himself when he looked into a mirror.   Also a plus:  Francesca Neri.<br />In short, don't waste your time, nor the rental fee.  All of the principals can be seen in far superior products.  I was not just disappointed; I was downright disgusted.  And the special goodies on the second DVD?  By the end of the feature, I really didn't care....
B00000J7S8|5.0|Most of the reviews will tell you how wonderful every track is, and they are absolutely correct. However, the most amazing thing about this album is the production quality. I have seldom heard such a wide sound field with such detail. Kudos to Tommy LiPuma, Al Schmitt and Avatar Studios. OK, maybe I have decent &quot;kit&quot; but I can't stress enough how wonderful this CD sounds. I'm listening to it as I write and it just makes me tingle. The down side is that many of my once &quot;great&quot; albums now sound restricted, compressed and over processed in comparison with this work of art.<br />Diana, thank you for many hours of joy.<br />Just buy it. 'nuff said.
0385484518|5.0|&quot;Tuesday's with Morrie&quot; is certainly a must own text for all those who strive to decipher life's journey. I got a copy of this book to all those who matter in my life....
B00003CXSP|1.0|This film lacked the style of \\"The Silence of the Lambs\\" and only hard-boiled gore fans will like this one. Hopkins is a better actor than this film and I don't think he needed the money so much that he would stoop so low as to protray a ... like Hannibal. As mentioned before this film is not about suspense or terror which can be overcome as it was in \\"The Silence of the Lambs.\\" It is all about gore. Don't let the R rating fool you because it deserves an X just for the gore.
B00003CXSP|1.0|I've read Hannibal 3 times now - it's one of the best books I've read in AGES, and to see the screenplay butchered the way Mamet has butchered this, is just so horrible. I was looking forward to seeing this movie for so long, after having enjoyed the book so much. What a disappointment. The characters (the ones they didn't omit, and ESPECIALLY Hannibal himself) are flat &amp; poorly developed. The storyline has been sped up &amp; hacked to bits to accommodate the Hollywood standard of a 2 hour film. <br />To be fair, I believe Ridley Scott should share some of the blame for this film's shortcomings. All done &amp; said, this film was really poorly done.
B0000060NF|5.0|Someday, if you are lucky and ambitious and make the pilgrimage to Italy, you may walk down a crowded hallway, turn, and see Michelangelo's David.  It is breathtaking-- a physical rebuttal to the idea that beauty is subjective and that there is no such thing as genius.<br />In pop music, listening to this album for the first time with headphones on may offer a similar experience.  I lived in Detroit when this album was made, so I may understand the context of it (a refuge from tumult and change through introspection, religious and otherwise), but it is beautiful even far out of context.  For example, driving on the PCH at dusk.  Or sitting on a plane, close to sleep.<br />Marvin Gaye created something new--  a seamless set of music that blends together without being repetitious, with a continuity of theme and feel that is unequalled.  For example, the transition from track 5 (&quot;When we call on him for Mercy, Father/He'll be merciful my friend&quot;)to track 6 (&quot;Mercy, Mercy, me/Things aren't what they used to be...&quot;) flows musically while gently shifting thematically from the mercy of God shown to us, to the mercy we show our planet.  <br />Not much music approaches the feel of a fluid, epiphinal conversation between a father and son, or between lovers in the languid hours of late morning.  This does.
B00003CXSP|4.0|I was quite a fan of Silence, just as I have always been a fan of Anthony Hopkins. Of course, when Hannibal was released on DVD- It was on my to-see list. The acting was superb, though this film is certainly not for the weak of heart (or stomach), and the effects were very nicely done. Unlike Silence, Hannibal was focused mainly on the Doctor himself, leaving the viewer to almost grow to like him. I suppose some of the most intriguing films are the ones that you aren't exactly sure who the villain is, and they sometimes leave one guessing. My one complaint about Hannibal was that it was rather long and moved quite slowly, repetitively, up until the last half hour. With a lack of action and almost plot in some areas, I found myself bored a time or two. However, I would still recommend Hannibal.
B00005BJ2O|4.0|Love this CD, ecspeccialy track numbers 2, 4, and 5.
B00000IPAX|5.0|ENEMA is brilliant. why am i writing a review 2 years later when the album was released in 99? cos im sick of people calling themselves fans putting this album down. theyre sellouts!! or theyve turned away from their roots etc. Yes, it is immediately more accessible and yes, theyve gathered a wider audience. So what?? Its called evolution. Get over it.<br />Enema rocks. Period. Standout tracks?? there are many. In my opinion closer Anthem is the best. Travis goes beserk in this song. Outstanding drumming. That blink song is my all time favourite cos theres just so much energy and passion. <br />Any flaws?? I have one. All the Small Things. Its annoying. All you have to do is press skip on the cd player cos the rest of enema is genius through and through. DONT JUDGE THIS ALBUM ON THAT SONG ALONE (many of you do). Youre missing something great.
B00004Z4WR|1.0|The dvd wouldn't load correctly to the menu.  After hitting stop and forcing it to title 1 (instead of title2) if played until it met the layer transition.  It will not play the second layer.
B000003TA4|5.0|Nevermind means so many things to so many people. i was 15 when i first heard it, and id be lying if i said i liked it then. I am still ashamed to admit i only got into Nirvana after kurts death, when i was a little older and wiser. Why, only god knows. But to sum up its the benchmark album of the 90s. Whether you were with the band from Bleach or just started listening to them a few months ago, Nevermind is undoubtedly the one album that EVERYONE owns. Often copied but never equalled Nevermind will still be huge for many years to come. A true classic, there can be no doubt.
B0000013GT|5.0|I had already owned and loved both Aquemini and Stankonia before i decided to buy another OutKast album. I had my doubts about buying ATLiens after i had read some reviews that it [was bad]. But when i went to the record store the next day i bought it anyway.   After only listening to the first 5 tracks, it had already became the best album i had ever listened to, 3 times better than Aquemini, even if the other 10 tracks were terrible. My favorite songs are Two Dope Boyz, Wheelz of Steel, Jazzy Belle, Babylon, Millenium, and (the best one of all) Growing Old.    Listen to me: even if u don't like rap or hip hop at all or even hate all music, you HAVE to give this record a try. I have owned it more than a month now and can't even stand listening to anything else.
014028009X|4.0|I have seen both the movie, and read the book.  I can honestly say this is one of those few that the movie and the book compliment each other well.  The book is a quick and enjoyable read.  This book entertains while it helps us see that our personal faults, or even hang ups really aren't all that bad.  I enjoyed the book a great deal.
0316776963|5.0|I frequently had to put this book down to clear the tears in my eyes from laughter!  Beside those moments, I put aside all else to read this book.  David Sedaris's whimsical look at his own quirky life draws you into his world.  I've gained a few good one liners from this book that I try to work into conversation as frequently as possible, like &quot;I know cats who way more than his IQ&quot; or &quot;her rear is so large you could land a chopper on it&quot;.  Nothing vulgar or offensive; just a joyous look at life through David Sedaris's eyes.  Enjoy.
B00003CXSP|3.0|After the first half of the movie trying to justify that Clarice is now Julianne Moore and not Jodie Foster, this movie became fun horror digestible fare.<br />Hopkins goes over the top as Hannibal the liver eating psychotic. Moore plays fare as Clarice, but WE NEEDED JODIE FOSTER to make it a real sequel.<br />However this is a gorey, fun horror flick perfect for rentable Halloween fare.  Other than that &quot;Hannibal&quot; is not the Oscar fare of &quot;Silence of the Lambs&quot;.
B000003S09|5.0|I once read that Pete Townshend called this album &quot;an uncanny masterpiece&quot;.  You certainly won't get any argument from me.  Rarely do I ever hear a band's debut album to be the best of their discography, and it's been a challenge for their everchanging lineups through the years to come up with something that matches up to In the Court of the Crimson King.<br />The first time I heard this album, I was totally blown away by the first track 21st-Century Schizoid Man.  I'm sure I'm not the first person to say that.  To this day I'm still amazed by Robert Fripp's guitar work on this album; his technical precision is exhilarating and terrifying at the same time.  For one of his pre-ELP efforts, Greg Lake is terrific on vocals.<br />I suppose if there's one thing (and it's a small thing) that I didn't care for on this album was all the percussive nonsense on the track Moonchild that took up several minutes, but otherwise everything else on this album is awesome, and I never get sick of listening to it.
B00003CX5P|1.0|This movie was so void of substance as to be insulting.  All of the characters were featureless.  The main characters left nothing to be desired.  The rediculously overcredited Anakin progeny proved incredibly annoying as I optimistically strained to suspend my disbelief in vain.  That Mall creature did nothing to impress me.  The battle scenes were just stupid.  Basically, this was a complete letdown that doesn't deserve to be on the same shelf as Empire Strikes Back.
B00003CX5P|2.0|Star Wars, the Holy trilogy in all of movie history, was kicked and beaten by this horror of science fiction.   Episode One, was garbage, and anyone that says that is isn't is surely mistaken.   This movie lacked in everything that made the first (or second, i'm not completely sure anymore) trilogy entertaining: dialougue, story-line, and character development.  The kid who played Anakin has no business being an actor, and some of his lines were so disturbingly bad that I could feel my lungs caving in everytime he said a word.  The introduction of the medi-chlorians made absolutely no sense in any possible way and took away from any mystery the original &quot;Force&quot; had.  Sure, I don't know anybody who would turn down the powers of the Force, but that the fact that there would be &quot;things&quot; inside me wouldn't feel too good.    But I'm not going to name all the bad points (cough*jar-jar*cough).   I mean the movie did have it's moments, but so did Josie and the Pussycats, and that doesn't make it good.  OK, the graphics were damn good and the fight scene between Obi-Wan, Qui-Gon and Darth Maul put anything Vader and Luke did to shame, but those qualities alone dont make a movie.   I can only pray that Episode 2 will bring back any credibility Lucas had, but with a name like &quot;Episode II: ATTACK OF THE CLONES!&quot;  I don't think I'll get my wish.
B00005JIZA|5.0|This cd is great. Each song is different enough that you don't get tired of the same style-as sometimes on an entire cd. The songs also relate to a wide range of topics/people, as I listen to the cd I relate to one song in terms of myself- and then the next song is a perfect capture of a good friend. I think that there is good insight and great music here!
6304366078|4.0|I purchased this movie after learning about it from the director's (i.e. John Frankenheimer's) commentary from the &quot;Ronin&quot; DVD. &quot;Ronin&quot; features great car chase scenes and I hoped that this movie devoted to 1960's F1 racing also by Frankenheimer would be great too. And it is, which is why I recommend the film. <br />Some of the scenes are a bit dated, and one racing sequence with corny orchestral waltz music playing was frankly awful, but there is more to like than not, and by the time the action of the film arrives at the Monza race track, you'll forgive the bad parts.<br />The only I reason not to buy the wide-screen VHS is to hold out for the DVD.
B00005K3OT|5.0|Once in a while a movie comes along and after you have seen it will leave you with this wonderful feeling. Don't look any further here it is !!! A wonderful cast adorable character portrayals excellent music score. What more could you ask for?      A traveller comes into town with her young daughter on the north wind and opens a choclateria just as lent has started. You can almost taste the chocolate created in this movie. Watch it with your favorite chocolate and when a character in the film tries one you indulge at the same time. Forget the popcorn!!!
B000002H6C|5.0|What can I say that hasn't already been said about this phenomenal album?  I'm not sure, but I can tell you this:  This beautiful work of musical art is top notch in my music collection.  9 furious, roaring tracks that pack a hurricane-force punch.  &quot;Blackened&quot; is a fast paced romp which starts of with a 1-2 blast of smokin' guitars and drums.  The title track &quot;And Justice For All&quot; is a 9-minute work of art.  &quot;Eye Of The Beholder&quot; is a frenzy of heavy rhythm guitars.  &quot;One&quot; is the full-automatic machine gun loaded with some of the heaviest and most complex guitars and drums.  &quot;The Shortest Straw&quot;, &quot;Harvester Of Sorrow&quot;, &quot;The Frayed Ends Of Sanity&quot;, all of which are also packed with complex tempo changes, which amaze me every time I listen.  &quot;To Live Is To Die&quot; is an instrumental track which is simply amazing.  The last track on the album is &quot;Dyers Eve&quot; in which James Hetfield and Co. thrash out one of the meanest and fastest metal anthems of all-time.  Your guaranteed to be amazed at this music.  This one is not for the faint of heart, so if your a fan of namby-pamby boy bands, TAKE A HIKE!!
B00000K19E|5.0|This is a movie packed with action, suspense, special effects, and a great storyline that basically hasn't been told before.  Plus it has a spiritual undertone which makes it a movie I can recommend to my Chrisitian friends.  For an R: rated movie, is has a welcome lack of distracting sex and foul language.<br />The movie basically parallels the reality that we are spiritual beings &quot;plugged&quot; into a physical world.  What we see happening around is temporal and might as well not exist.  All the passions are worldy pursuits and distractions from what is really going on in the spiritual dimension.  What is really happening in the spiritual realm is scary...we often don't even what to know.  We would rather live inside the Matrix and take the bittersweet fantasy than deal with the sobering reality that we are eternal beings and that our eternal destiny hangs on what happens in our mortal, physical lives.  Even if you were killed in the fantasy world of the Matrix, you're real person died too, much like how if you die in your physical life without knowing your Saviour, you die in the spiritual world.<br />The development of Neo's (the lead character who basically plays the &quot;Savior&quot;) abilities and skills mimic the development of faith in our lives and our ability to see the spiritual and not the physical.  By building his faith, he was eventually able to takes his eyes off what he was seeing and see behind it.  He then began to defy the rules becuase he was no longer bound by it.  Jesus said that if we had the faith the size of a mustard seed we could say to the mountain, &quot;throw yourself in the sea&quot; and it would happen.  This is essentially what Neo is learning.<br />Challenge yourself to see something deeper than just a great technical presentation of special effects in a suspenseful thrilling science fiction film and you will enjoy another dimension that will keep you coming back to watch this film again and again.  Maybe you will even be able to challenge yourself and be able to take the RED pill and become a spiritually aware person, realizing your need for the truth that comes from only one place...the Creator of the Universe.
0385493622|5.0|An entertaining non-technical account of how the proof of the world's most famous theorem was reached. This is great for people who are curious about what the fuss about this theorem is all about, but don't have the mathematical background to read through the technicalities of the original proof. Simon Singh has made this proof accessible to the general audience. With his writing style, I could hardly take a break in the middle when reading this book.
6300215741|5.0|In &quot;To Catch A Thief&quot;, Cary Grant plays a reformed jewel thief living on the French Riviera. He naturally becomes the prime suspect when a fresh string of jewel thefts occurs. In order to prove his innocence, he must catch the real thief. Enter Jesse Royce Landis and Grace Kelly as a wealthy and bejewelled widow and her irresistable daughter. Kelly uses her feminine wiles to snare an ambivalent Grant while he waits for the real thief to make the inevitable attempt on her mother's jewels. Grant is superb as the handsome and charming John Robie, and Kelly also shines as the smart and alluring Frances.<br />In addition to breathtaking scenery, this movie has all the usual characteristics you expect from Alfred Hitchcock: a fine cast, clever and sophisticated story, and outstanding production work. Still, it has been referred to as one of Hitchcock's &quot;lighter&quot; films. And, in a sense, that's true. Certainly a tale about a jewel thief doesn't have quite the intensity of a man possibly murdering his wife in the apartment across from yours, or of accidentally becoming involved with an international spy ring. Moreover, &quot;To Catch A Thief&quot; is partly a romantic comedy, as exemplified by Grant dropping a ten thousand franc chit down the front of a woman's gown, then asking her to return his money, in order to attract attention to himself when he is trying to make the acquaintance of Kelly and her wealthy mother in the casino at Monte Carlo. Romantic comedies aren't noted for their depth or suspense. But don't let that fool you. There are some tense moments before this movie is over. &quot;Lighter&quot; doesn't necessarily mean less enjoyable.<br />Though &quot;To Catch A Thief&quot; isn't quite the thriller that some of Hitchcock's other great films are, it is an excellent flick in it's own right. Grant and Kelly are great together, the story moves smoothly from light moments to suspense, and the location footage from the French Riviera is gorgeous. Put it all together and you have a very entertaining and satisfying movie. Give it a look.Put it all together and you have a very entertaining and satisfying movie. Give it a look.
B00003CX5P|3.0|While the action and special effects of The Phantom Menace are phenomenal, and the acting's not that bad, the story leaves a bit to be desired.<br />We get quite a bit of &quot;history&quot; in this film, taking place about 40 years before &quot;Star Wars: A New Hope&quot;.  The problem is most of it's so contrived as to be unbelievable.  The fact that the Force is explained as simply a symbiotic parasite in the body of the Jedi (and Sith) kinda takes all the romance out of it.  Jar Jar Binks (good god in heaven!) is another reason that this film isn't as good as it could be.  I understand the need for comic relief in a sci-fi film (C3P0 in the &quot;first&quot; 3 Star Wars films) but good grief!  At least make him a bit part, not a major player.<br />Liam Neeson, Ewan McGregor and the rest of the cast do a bangup job with their parts and the battle scenese are incredible, especially between the Jedi and Darth Maul.  As a martial artist, I can really appreciate the choreography that went into those scenes.  But they were a bit drawn out.<br />Don't get me wrong, this is a great sci-fi film, but I do wish that Lucas had thought more before putting it on the big screen.
B000002LND|5.0|One of my most played albums (among many other albums by Madonna), this is a album that all Madonna fans should own. This is a perfect album for people who like all her singles, sense her best ones from the 80's &amp; early 90's are included. Yes, the songs seem to end quicker &amp; seem to cut out some parts of songs, but there's not anything important missing. With the extra songs Justify My Love &amp; Rescue Me, which both leave you wanting to hear it again to listen more carefully to the lyrics, plus 15 other hits, this is a must have for anyone who's liked any Madonna songs.
0679457313|5.0|upon first reading it, it immediately became one of my favorite books of all time.  the story is enthralling; the language is awe-inspiring.  it is an amazing feat of literature.
B000002BFZ|3.0|Pearl Jam's follow up to the blistering 'Vitalogy' saw the recruitment of their fourth drummer into their line up after Dave Abbruzze's almost inexplicable sacking. Jack Irons, former Red Hot Chili Peppers drummer, was brought in and added the most radical changes to Pearl Jam's sound, and in my opinion really precipitated Pearl Jam's move away from the mainstream.<br />Having said that Dave Abbruzzese's sacking was inexplicable, it was actually probably necessary. Otherwise, it was probable that Pearl Jam would have imploded under the  weight of all the disenchantment and fame that was being heaped upon them.  I may be dwelling too much on this matter, but No Code saw a significant turning point for Pearl Jam. After the violent excesses of Vitalogy, No Code comes across as a more harmonious meditation on the trials and tribbulations of modern life juxtaposed with a  slightly punky ethos brought about by Pearl Jam's unwillingness to continue languishing in the public's prying gaze anymore.<br />Rife with vague eastern influences and often pretensious lyrics, No Code makes for difficult listening at times . Nonetheless, it has it's moments, none more so than in  the superbly profound and wonderfully orchestrated 'Present Tense', the transcendental highlight of the album. Other noteworthy songs are the funky, mid-tempo 'Smile', and the more morose and thoughtful 'Off He Goes'. <br />This album is one of extremes. It's tone shifts and moves drastically, with songs<br />like 'Sometimes', a quiet, contemplative song, preceeding the roaring rocker 'Hail, Hail'. The acoustic ballad 'Off He Goes' finishes, only for us to be knocked back as the  aggressive and angst-ridden 'Habit' explodes out of the speakers. <br />Despite it's eclectic ramshackleness, No Code is not without musical proficiency. 'Red Mosquito' has a lead guitar part that's so good it'll make you vomit, and a truckload of heaviness is crammed into 'Lukin's one minute length. However, the loose, minimalist style of Brendan 'O Brian's producing means the album lacks a certain indefinable 'something', and has a completely different feel to it that isn't entirely welcome.
0812550706|5.0|The world has survived 2 alien bug invasions and the International Fleet will be damned if they are going to wait for the third one to arrive. So they seek out the brightest kids they can find, put them in a military school in space and pick the best kid to command Earth's fleet. Ender is his name.<br />There isnt any hard sf theories in this novel. In fact most of the space battles take place in the training room in the form of mock battles between kids. So if you want to read about sci-fi a la Asimov, Clarke or Hamilton you'll be disappointed. In fact if it wasnt for the alien bugs or the school in space, this should not be classified as sci-fi at all. <br />I picked up this book because I was bored and I'm glad I did!! Simple premise yet damn entertaining.<br />An excellent story about the inherent good and evil in all of us. Read Ender's Shadow immediately after this one. Its not a sequel but more of a parallel novel which is equally good. Read it while 'Game' is still fresh in your mind.
B000002KIE|5.0|Despite what some pretentious &quot;rock snobs&quot; say about The Sex Pistols, the Pistols were alsolutely the best punk band ever to come out of Britain. The raw energy of Nevermind the Bollocks never fails to offend squares, even today, which I find hilarious. Along with The Stooges, The Velvet Underground, Bad Brains and Minor Threat, the Sex Pistols rank as one of the best and rawest bands in history.
078401213X|5.0|First of all, this movie is definitely not for everyone.  If you are somebody who watches movies strictly for entertainment and who does not enjoy deep, thought-provoking films, then you will definitely not enjoy this one.  It is shot entirely in black and white and will most likely go over many people's heads.  Some of it even went over mine!!  It is a very dark movie, complete with chilling and haunting music to match.  But in my opinion, it is extremely innovative and displays Aronofsky's incredible talent.  PI seems to lure you in and does not let go even after the credits have rolled.  I despise math and was never very good at it.  Nonetheless, I thoroughly enjoyed this movie.
B00000I950|5.0|I love this album very much. I remember coming home from work one night only to find that a very loud party was currently in progress. My Cerwin Vegas were really pumping out \\"I have a dream\\" and \\"Chiqitita\\" which was fine with me. ABBA was the best. Get this CD now. From  AMAZON.COM of course!!
630280082X|5.0|Many guitar players watch this movie for the edgy, raw harmonic minor guitar playing. Especially Steve Vai's playing, who recorded both sides of the duo in the movie when they were &quot;cutting heads&quot;.<br />I could really use a digital cut of this soundtrack. I suppose the publisher is scared to release it digitally. If they release this on DVD, it will sell like crazy.<br />All guitar hero wanna-bes love this movie. It's a classic.
B000053VAF|5.0|I think this movie was one of the best that I have ever seen.  Kevin Smith is a genius in all of his movies, but I thought he did an excellent job in terms of the way he presents ideas on matters of faith and beliefs.  I am a catholic and some of the questions/doubts/etc expressed by the character of Bethany mirrored some of my own.  I thought Linda Fiorentino did an amazing job portraying the character of Bethany.  What a cast in this movie: Ben Affleck, Matt Damon, Chris Rock (as the 13th Apostle - loved that!), Jason Lee, Alan Rickman - the list could go on and on.  (Can't forgot about our favorite 'prophets' - Jay and Silent Bob!)  Great movie - I highly recommend it!
B00004Z459|4.0|Linkin Park's 12 track 2000 debut is EXCELLENT!  The album filled the huge hits &quot;One Step Closer&quot; and &quot;crawling&quot; make the group get an advantage to be one of the top Rap/Metal bands. Along with the great pleasure of being invited by Ozzy Osbourne himself to Ozzfest 2000 and 2001, the California quintet is on their way to the top.
B00005NKKY|5.0|A classic. Right up there with Sgt. Pepper, in my mind. It's an album that takes you on a journey and was obviously influenced by Sgt. Pepper. I mean how could you write music in 1968 and not be influenced by that album?<br />First rock album to use a  moog synthesizer too. Listen to the bass line on Save the Life of my Child. If you like great songwriting, performance, and production then jump on this one. I haven't done any A/B tests on the quality of the remastering, but the bass on America is deep and rich. Enjoy this one.
B00003CX5P|5.0|Many people are judging Star Wars: Episode 1 on it's own, and really shouldn't.  It is the first in a trilogy, and isn't meant to stand on it's own.  Some people say that this movie is bland, but it's two purposes are to introduce you to several characters, and to give you a reference to several events mentioned in Episodes 2 and 3.  I've read all of the spoilers to Episode 2, and many of the events in Episode 1 will make much more sense when the next 2 movies come out.  Episode 2 will definately be the best Star Wars film released as of yet BY FAR (see my review of Episode 2 that I just posted on amazon).
B000000993|3.0|Perhaps the biggest problem with Undertow is the production.  Everything seems muffled.  The songs are well written, and Maynard's singing is good (I think his singing is much better, on the whole, in Aenima and Lateralus), but the production puts them through the grinder, creating the audio equivalent of mashed potatoes.  The album's best moments are Sober (obviously), Prison Sex, 4 degrees, and Disgustipated.  The other songs, while all very solid, don't stand out.  Other than the songs listed above, I usually have a hard time telling what song is on what track.  I recommend getting this album for two reasons:<br />1) Sober is THE Tool song 2) Once you get it, listen to Aenima and Lateralus.  You'll be amazed at how Tool has grown in song writing.
078881172X|5.0|Disney's Peter Pan is the finest Peter Pan movie ever made.Disney's animation in this film is very strong,they make Never Land so beautiful and Captain Hook's ship looks almost real!This film has very good Music.From songs to background music.A film all ages can endure.<br />This fantastical film begins in London where Wendy,John,and Michael's bedtime stories hero,Peter Pan visits them.Peter later invites them  on a magical journey to Never Land.With the help of Tinker Bell,his feisty sidekick,a shower of Pixie Dust and some Happy Thoughts,Peter teaches them how to fly.Off they soar to an enchanted island filled with wonder and terror.Later they fall into the clutches of Peter's arch enemy,Captain Hook and his band of pirates.From the stunning scenes of the flight to Never Land,to the underground home of the Lost Boys,to the stardust ship in the moonlight-Peter Pan defines Disney magic.
B000002NHN|5.0|She has done it again folks, this album was one of her best I think, her voice is among the angels, I loved her songs Mummers Dance and The Highwayman. This is a must have for anyone who enjoys celtic music
B00005J6UP|5.0|The Goonies DVD surpassed my expectations. Ranging from its easy-to-navigate 3-D menus to its extra features, this is certainly one of the most well-realized DVD's yet. The bonus features themselves make up for the long delay in its release. The commentary was undoubtedly the best part of the DVD: 17 years down the line, all seven main characters (&quot;Mikey&quot;, Sean Austin; &quot;Brad&quot;, Josh Brolin; &quot;Chunk&quot;, Jeff Cohen; &quot;Mouth&quot;, Cory Feldman; &quot;Andi&quot;, Kerri Green; &quot;Data&quot;, Ke Huy-Quan; &quot;Stef&quot;, Martha Plimpton; and the director &amp; producer of the film, Richard Donner) gather together and all sit viewing the film in a recording studio, reminiscing about their experience along the way. Most of the cast have changed beyond all recognition, as is evident by the brief &quot;hidden video treasures&quot; which are periodically shown throughout the film in its commentary-enabled mode. All four of the deleted scenes which were shown on the Disney Channel airing, but left out in the final cut, are included as &quot;outtakes&quot;, and high-quality ones at that. It would have been great if, as an extra option, they could be incorporated in the film, but perhaps that's asking a little too much. Both parts of Cyndi Lauper's video, directed by none other that Richard Donner, are included. Along with a trailer which conveys absolutely none of the film's sense of adventure and charm. And last but not least, a 7-minute behind-the-scenes &quot;Making of&quot; which is quite interesting. Speaking as a layman, I found the sound &amp; picture quality of the film absolutely extraordinary, given the time period when this film was made. There are very few negative aspects to this DVD; those there are range from the (minor) fact Warner Bros. opted for a cardboard snap case instead of the more traditional full-sleeve plastic case, to the more significant event of Sean Austin's mysterious &quot;walk-out&quot; in the middle of the commentary feature, to the (even more significant) fact that there weren't any bona fide &quot;outtakes&quot;, nor other unearthed scenes, beyond what was included on the uncut Disney Channel's airing. When all's said and done, nothing beyond a 2-Disc Criterion Edition, is good enough for this film.
0896762173|5.0|This is the single most outstanding study of period construction detail out there. No one who loves clothes should be without this book. I highly recommend the first edition, which has a few color plates.
0694003611|5.0|This book is terrific.  The pictures are colorful and simple, the rhymes short and sweet.  I can just imagine a little child saying these very things to postpone bedtime!  It is by far my 13-month-old daughter's favorite book -- she's abused it so much that I had to buy another!!!
B00005KFUM|5.0|The band's first album was a complete work of art and this continues with an even richer base of complex melodies and intuitive lyrics. The sound is tight yet raw - a testament to their musical skills, both as writers and performers. I've never been into music that is this intense... this &quot;rockin'&quot; - yet I can't put Muse away. The songs are so rich and full of flavor that you can almost taste the angst, irresolution and subtle \\"peace\\" of the lyrics. The vocals are brilliant and haunting, recalling Jeff Buckley and Freddie Mercury - you rarely hear falsetto sound this amazing. Tracks 1, 2 &amp; 3 (&quot;New Born,&quot; &quot;Bliss&quot; and &quot;Space Dementia&quot;) are a trilogy of musical brilliance... from the unsettling, Phillp Glass-like piano introduction on &quot;New Born,&quot; to the driving tempo and powerful vocals on &quot;Bliss,&quot; you won't be disappointed (you might also want to note that Paul Oakenfold has a mix of &quot;New Born&quot; on his album &quot;Swordfish&quot;). I purchased Origin of Symmetry after hearing \\"Bliss\\" on BBC Radio1 - this album is the most complete rock collection I've heard from a single band - and there's only three musicians. Do your best to acquire Origin of Symmetry now... Maverick probably won't release it here for another 6 months (January or February, 2002).
B00005ASIL|3.0|If this represents a contractual obligation to Chrysalis, then it truly lives up to that qualification.  With the exception of &quot;Roots to Branches,&quot; there is nothing here not already packaged on another Tull anthology, and frankly, the constant recycling of the same old tracks gets tedious after awhile...and I'm a Jethro Tull fan, if you're wondering.<br />This is a decent place for the Tull newbie to start, although the Anniversary Collection comes more highly recommended, as it goes into more detail with the early albums and presents the very best later tracks over two discs.  Buy this only for your friends who are afraid to dig much deeper than this into the Tull archives.
B00003CY5K|5.0|What a great movie! I think Reese Witherspoon did absoulutely perfect in the part of Elle Woods. Her caracter makes you feel like you can do anything if you put your mind to it. It's very very entertaining and HILARIOUS! Actually,I loved this movie so much that I saw it 3 times in the theater and I would still see it again. If you haven't seen it yet,you're missing out BIG time!
0553106635|4.0|I'm on page 609 right now.  As far as I can tell, the only character who's had a good day in the course of these 600 pages is the one who's a continent away from the rest of the storyline.   Calling these characters tortured is like calling fish wet.<br />It's a very well-written, engaging book that's made me so depressed I'm not sure if I'm going to finish it.
B000059XYL|5.0|I think this is a really good movie.All the actresses do a great job and John Goodman is perfect.This movie makes you wanna get up and dance and sing along.If you're looking for something light weight and fun,watch it!
6304806426|5.0|The English Patient may not be the &quot;coolest&quot; movie I ever saw, but it sure is the best one. The way it's done, it has been built in a better way than the book by Michael Ondaatje, which is kind of slow. If this movie had been poorly made, the simple fact of the time slips between the scenes when the patient is in Italy with Hanna and the scenes when he's in Africa with Katherine would loose the spectator. Ralph Fiennes and Kristin Scott-Thomas are really perfect in the roles of two people caught in an unlikely love affair inside World War II. The Count Almasy's (Fiennes part) life is torn to pieces when he discovers himself in love with an english woman, wife of one of his friends working on maps of northern Africa. Almasy won't admit his love for Katherine even after they make love, and he doesn't believe she loves him back until is too late. And his fate is to be condemned to remember her, even after he's transformed into a living corpse.  Juliet Binoche is the subtle touch of the movie. She's simple, beautiful, she has no one to return home to, so she devotes herself to take care of the burned patient until he's gone. And she finds a new love in a man with a tremendously dangerous job.  During a time when nothing was certain, The English Patient is a story of lives that come together for a brief period of time, only to be taken apart again, but completely changed. Nine Oscars were not enough.
B000002HAF|5.0|Everything these guys released is an essential buy in my opinion. This, their debut (be sure to buy the Pilgrim/Surfer Rosa compilation) is their most jagged, abrasive and most deranged sounding recording, dealing with mainly incest tales, broken faces and bodies and a handful of manic Spanish assaults. Their next one up, Doolittle was more of the same, Bossanova explored spacey alien obsessions mixed with surf music and Trompe le Monde was business as usual with a more polished sound. All essential, but back to Surfer Rosa. The thing that has always struck me about the Pixies - along with Frank's demonic shriek - is Joey Santiago's guitar playing. Nobody has ever came near his style. When not routinely strumming alongside Frank, his solos follow no simialarities to the rhythm section but glide and warp around it, giving them this really unique kooky sound. River Euphrates on Surfer is a good example of his guitar work. Also, I've always believed that their artwork (by Vaughan Oliver) added an certain something to their odd style in general. If you like this, their other three studio albums continue the standard of quality and their B-Sides collection is probably worth picking up too.
B00005JCAA|5.0|Although this movie festures Anthony Hopkins and Brad Pitt, and I consider them both brilliant actors, the one to watch is Claire Forlani. She's wonderful playing the role of Hopkins daughter. She can be intense and sweet at the same moment, you can see she's having a good time while shooting the scene. She makes an excellent pair with Brad Pitt. One of the first scens, where she meets him during breakfest, is amazingly well done, great to watch. Hopkins is great as always, no comments needed.<br />And Brad Pitt has received critics saying he couldn't do Death very well. In my opinion, his character is perfect for Death going on vacation, having some fun, and, the best part, meeting Claire Forlani. He's complete sure of himself early in the movie, and has the perfect touch of anger when Hopkins contradicts him, realising Pitt has fallen for his daughter. The supporting actors were well chosen as well, making it an enjoyble movie, even if it's near three hours long.
6304936362|3.0|I was disappointed in the picture quality.  For a recent movie it had far too many scratches and pops in the picture.  The manufacturer should have clean it up better!
B00005LKIM|2.0|It's hard to be both stomach churning and boring at the same time but this film manages to find a way. &quot;Hannibal&quot; has three of the goriest Grand Ginioul moments in any splatter film: Mr. Lecter hangs &amp; disembowels an Italian detective at the same time; some hungry worthogs dine on another group of villans (leaving nothing to the imagination); Hannabal feeds an FBI agent his own brains! However, you have a long forgettible ride before you get to any of that. Hardcore HG Lewis fans are going to use the fatfoward button a lot. The rest of use should just stick with &quot;Manhunter&quot; and &quot;Silence of the Lambs&quot;.
B00005AFVR|5.0|Man!  I have to tell y'all--I would give this ten stars if I could!  It really makes me want to pack up and live in New Jersey!<br />Let me 'splain.  I'm in my late twenties and grew up in a small town in Texas named Lubbock.  Not much happens out there:  a few tumbleweeds roll through, we drill for oil, and we play high school football (or tennis, if we aren't Mannly enough).  So, what I'm sayin', I guess, is that I wouldn't term Lubbock a cultural or exciting city, per se.  That said, it has a very strong sense of identity and a particular way of doin' things.  Everyone who grows up in Lubbock has a similar code of understandin' and you are trained to have similar values and proclivities (I think that this long word means you like something, but I'm not sure).<br />Anyway, music is real popular down in Lubbock and the locals learn you pretty young on what some dos or don't are.  Country music is a do, so is progressive angry rock and roll by bands like Tool.  One thing that is definitely a don't is music by hubristic Easterners callin' themself &quot;The Boss&quot; and singing about Eastern sensibilities.  Lord knows that Hank Williams, Jr. is the real Boss, my daddy would say.  <br />But, after seeing that HBO special on the telly and then buyin' this tape, I wanna tell all my friends back in Lubbock that there's a whole world out there that they are missing.  This New Jersey place is exciting and this Springsteen boy can rock.  He really does believe that there's more to life than TTU football and all that other stuff.  Riding out to the horizon means a little more to him than just driving to the next town--maybe there is something out there that can offer us salvation, some larger purpose in life.<br />So, to all you folks back in Lubbock, keep watching the prairie winds blowing sagebrush over the dunes and range.  All I have to say to you is, to paraphrase Mr. Springsteen, &quot;This is a town full of losers, and I'm pulling out of here to win!&quot;
B000001DVD|4.0|I was one of the most rabid Def Leppard fans in the wake of \\"Pyromania\\".  There are certain tracks on that album that are undisputably the best material this band ever recorded (I defy anyone to tell me that they ever recorded anything approaching \\"Foolin'\\", \\"Too Late for Love\\", and \\"Die Hard the Hunter\\").  I bought \\"High \\"N\\" Dry\\" in 1984 in the hope that this album would be a decent forerunner to \\"Pyromania\\".  I was more than pleasantly surprised to find it to be the equal to, but different than, \\"Pyromania\\".  Shortly after buying this album, I spoke to a friend who declared it to be \\"Pyromania\\"'s superior.  He meant that sentiment sincerely.  Part of me agrees with him.  The other part of me tells me that it's just different.<br />Following my purchase of \\"High \\"N\\" Dry\\", I ventured into the precocious and promising \\"On Through the Night\\", and concluded, in light of their self-deprecating press, that this band is far too critical of its early days (they like to ignore \\"On Through the Night\\", which I, as a fan, sincerely loved).  Their stand toward their early days truly offends me in light of their current revelry in buggle-gum power pop.  These self-absorbed jerks consistently disappoint with their \\"THIS IS OUR BEST ALBUM EVER\\" hooey.  The Lepps are presently ... (a process I think started with \\"Hysteria\\").<br />Had this band continued to interest their longtime fans, they would not be in the current state of mediocrity they now enjoy.  Joe, if your reading this, call me!  Have you ever needed obscurity so bad?
014028902X|4.0|My Family and Other Animals is a lovely collection of short stories - most of them dealing with Corcyrean fauna - set in the years before WWII, which the author, then a boy in his early teenage years, spent with his family on the Greek island of Corfu in the Ionian sea. Gerald Durrell is a hilarious storyteller, and page after page you will be entertained by the adventures of the young Gerry and his animal pets; his family, consisting of mother, brothers Larry and Leslie, and sister Margo; and their Greek friends: Dr. Theodore Stephanides, a doctor and polymath, their driver Spiro, and other mostly ephemeral characters.<br />Having said that, a word of reservation. My Family and Other Animals fits into the &quot;Young Adults&quot; genre, and its target audience are early-teens boys with an interest in nature. I emphasised boys, as there is no character in the book a young female reader could identify with - Gerald's sister Margo is shown mostly as vain, whinny, and not too clever. The characters are rather shallow and predictable, and with few exceptions, the stories in the book follow the same scenario: Gerry takes a walk in the countryside, finds some interesting animal - a turtle, a magpie, a snake, a scorpion - and decides to bring it home as a pet. Then, interrupted by other pressing matters, he temporarily leaves it in some random place in the house, where it is discovered by some other unsuspected family member. The panic which inevitably follows increases, until there finally comes Gerry - cool, calm and composed - and gets thing back in order. It also smells of the British imperial grandeur, maintaining the view that the world is inhabited by two races: the Brits and the native peasants. One can observe the tenacity of this view from works written much after the British Empire has become a historical memory, e.g. the late Douglas Adams' Last Chance to See (don't miss it if you liked this one!). <br />As an autobiography, My Family and Other Animals is not avery factual one, either. When faced with the dilemma of being factual or being entertaining, the author mercilessly butchered the facts. Thus, there is not even a slight hint of the fact that Lawrence was actually married to Nancy Myers during this time (he described his staying on Corfu in Prospero's Cell), and stayed with her in Koulouri, rather than with his mother, brothers and sister. Also, some of his stories from later years in Cressida are attributed to earlier years in Perama. However, if you are not exactly a Gerald Durrell biographer, these few details should not distract you from enjoying the book.<br />If you are visiting Corfu and plan to visit some of the locales in the book - the strawberry-pink villa, the daffodil-yellow villa or the snow-white villa - you will probably find helpful a tiny booklet In the Footsteps of Lawrence Durrell and Gerald Durrell in Corfu (1935-39) by Hilary Whitton Paipeti, available in any bookshop in Corfu Town.
B00005NKKZ|4.0|By the end of the 1960s, Paul Simon & Art Garfunkel had proven themselves to be one of the most successful duos in pop music history. But as the sessions for their follow-up to BOOKENDS (1968) started, S&G's long friendship & working relationship was starting to sour. Art Garfunkel wanted to pursue acting, and during the recording of this album was actually working on CATCH-22 (1970). The time apart led to Paul recording most of BRIDGE OVER TROUBLED WATER by himself. But that's not to say it's an unofficial solo album, for Art is still very much a part of the proceedings on this album where the acclaim that greeted was nothing less than astounding. The album not only topped the charts for 10 weeks, but swept the year's Grammies & was a huge success worldwide. Pretty impressive for an album that in effect wasn't as perfect as one would think. It's just that the best songs from BRIDGE were so flat-out wonderful. Case in point, the legendary title track. The song was originally intended to be a two-verse folk song, but at Art's insistence, it was extended by a verse & turned into a majestic piano ballad. What's more, Art sang lead on the song, which at first Paul was okay with...until later. The song went on to become S&G's most successful single ever, topping the charts for 6 weeks. While Paul may have regretted giving the song to Art, it was still in good hands, for Art gave by far the best performance of his career with a vocal that still gives the listener chills every time. Even when Aretha Franklin memorably covered it, \\"Bridge Over Troubled Water\\" proved to be every bit as spellbinding, so may Art's judgement wasn't that bad, after all. Like the duo's previous albums, BRIDGE was mostly made up of previous hits with a few choice new songs. The earliest hit was \\"The Boxer\\" which was top ten hit in the spring of 1969, more than a year before this album was released. This time, Paul got a chance to deliver one of the greatest vocals of his life on a song that had an even wider scope than \\"Bridge\\" & never fails to move me when the closing orchestral arrangement comes in. I'll bet this was one 5-minute song radio wouldn't have even thought of editing down. Of course, this version of \\"The Boxer\\" is minus a verse that Paul often uses when he performs this song live. It would be great to hear if that missing verse ever made it into a studio version of the song. The album's other two hit singles are actually early glimpses of the world music dabblings that would mark Paul's solo career. The Spanish-laced \\"El Condor Pasa [If I Could]\\" & the subtle reggae touches of \\"Cecilia\\" added a little international flavor to the top 40 of the time, and especially on \\"Cecilia\\", are still enough to get listeners singing along even now. Some of the lesser-known yet still great songs include another Art solo on \\"So Long, Frank Lloyd Wright\\" with its extended \\"Hey Jude\\"-like fade; Paul's solo \\"The Only Living Boy In New York\\", which showed that there were times when he actually missed Art when he wasn't in the studio; \\"Keep The Customer Satisfied\\" is a not very subtle dig at the music industry that often pushed Paul into creating quality music in such a short time in order to keep the product moving. The rest of the album is basically made up of throwaways that in fact must have been included to make the deadline. \\"Baby Driver\\" is not a very good song to begin with, but the jaunty sound of it is upbeat enough to make one forget about the juvenile nature of the song. \\"Why Don't You Write Me\\" is another, more overt experiment into reggae that is pleasant while it's playing, but not memorable afterwards. The live cover of the Everly Brothers' (one of S&G's biggest inspirations) \\"Bye Bye Love\\" is the same deal, while the short closer \\"Song For The Asking\\" seems like another tossed-off affair. But the public may not have cared about such substandard material for BRIDGE OVER TROUBLED WATER was in fact S&G's first new album in two years (which was how longsome careers in music lasted back then). When it turned out that this would be Simon & Garfunkel's last ever album, people must have thought they'd get it while it's hot. Even though BRIDGE OVER TROUBLED WATER may not have been a truly wonderful album, the mega success that greeted it was certainly deserved & an appropriate tribute to a duo that fell apart much too soon. Both Paul Simon & Art Garfunkel would have successful solo careers of their own, but they never matched the commercial heights of this album ever again. Still, it's always great to see them try.some careers in music lasted back then). When it turned out that this would be Simon & Garfunkel's last ever album, people must have thought they'd get it while it's hot. Even though BRIDGE OVER TROUBLED WATER may not have been a truly wonderful album, the mega success that greeted it was certainly deserved & an appropriate tribute to a duo that fell apart much too soon. Both Paul Simon & Art Garfunkel would have successful solo careers of their own, but they never matched the commercial heights of this album ever again. Still, it's always great to see them try.
0679745203|5.0|A stunning work. Ondaatje's style is unparalleled by other moderen writers. The English Patient is written with a richness of language and imagery that is equalled only in the works of such giants as Milton. The shifting time and setting may be confusing at first, but these elements really do enhance the work. It is basically an anti-war story that would probably not be considered a masterpiece simply for its themes and the treatment of themes; however, the richness of language Ondaatje uses easily makes him one of the greatest writers of modern times and makes The English Patient a masterpiece of the English language
B00005NKKY|5.0|PARSLEY, SAGE, ROSEMARY & THYME (1966) was actually an excellent record all around even with its short length. In the 1960s when you released a new album often within months of the last one, Simon & Garfunkel didn't follow that norm. Because Paul Simon was never a prolific songwriter, new material was often slow in coming, so an album was often made up mostly of past singles & a few brand new songs. That was how it worked out with BOOKENDS (1968), but even in that respect, it still turned out to be no less than a watershed for the duo. During the downtime, Simon & Garfunkel helped score Mike Nichols' classic & huge box office hit THE GRADUATE (1967). The soundtrack to that movie would be a big hit in its own right, but while that album was mostly made up of past material, BOOKENDS was the real new album from S&G, and it was worth the wait. The album opens with a short instrumental passage also called \\"Bookends\\" before moving into the stunning \\"Save The Life Of My Child\\". Another anti-Vietnam song from a time when young men from all walks of life were dying in the service, this song struck a huge chord back then, and was also known for featuring an early use of synthesizer, which at the time was still very much a new instrument. The excellent music continues with the very timeless \\"America\\". The youth back then were inheriting their own sense of ideals, so this song helped explain that new freedom they were all looking for. With today's youth very much idealists, \\"America\\" can still ring true now. S&G's beautiful vocals can move you to tears even now as well. In a sense, the first side of BOOKENDS could be about the cycle of life, with \\"Overs\\" being a gentle, adult love song, and \\"Old Friends\\" a tribute to the everlasting institution called friendship that lasts even until death. Only the spoken-word \\"Voices Of Old People\\" is cringe-worthy, but it's an easily forgiveable one. After a reprise of \\"Bookends\\", this time with lyrics, side two is where we have hit single city. \\"Mrs. Robinson\\" was another #1 hit for S&G, topping the charts for 3 weeks in 1968 & becoming an indelible image in THE GRADUATE. While this song has been covered numerous times by artists as diverse as Frank Sinatra (surprisingly bad) & the Lemonheads (surprisingly good), it's Simon & Garfunkel's version that remains the undisputed classic. Only \\"Punky's Dilemma\\" is the other new song on side 2, that's because it was originally written for THE GRADUATE, but rejected by Mike Nichols in favor of \\"Mrs. Robinson\\". It may be apparent why he rejected it, for it is another one of those precious bits of pop that often came from Paul Simon's pen in the 1960s. Of the past hits contained on side 2 of BOOKENDS, \\"Fakin' It\\" (which reached #23) & \\"A Hazy Shade Of Winter\\" (a #13 hit) still sound well today. In fact, \\"Winter\\" would be covered notably by the Bangles in 1988, reaching #2 with their version. \\"At The Zoo\\" (#16) is the one that registers high on the \\"sounded good at the time, but is now rather dull\\" scale, but that doesn't mean it's a bad listen, not in the least. As piecemeal as it may have been, BOOKENDS was nothing less than a stellar work from Simon & Garfunkel. Like its predecessor, it clocked in at under half an hour, but every second was worthwhile. It would be 2 more years before S&G followed up BOOKENDS, and little did we know that the end would soon be in sight.ity. \\"Mrs. Robinson\\" was another #1 hit for S&G, topping the charts for 3 weeks in 1968 & becoming an indelible image in THE GRADUATE. While this song has been covered numerous times by artists as diverse as Frank Sinatra (surprisingly bad) & the Lemonheads (surprisingly good), it's Simon & Garfunkel's version that remains the undisputed classic. Only \\"Punky's Dilemma\\" is the other new song on side 2, that's because it was originally written for THE GRADUATE, but rejected by Mike Nichols in favor of \\"Mrs. Robinson\\". It may be apparent why he rejected it, for it is another one of those precious bits of pop that often came from Paul Simon's pen in the 1960s. Of the past hits contained on side 2 of BOOKENDS, \\"Fakin' It\\" (which reached #23) & \\"A Hazy Shade Of Winter\\" (a #13 hit) still sound well today. In fact, \\"Winter\\" would be covered notably by the Bangles in 1988, reaching #2 with their version. \\"At The Zoo\\" (#16) is the one that registers high on the \\"sounded good at the time, but is now rather dull\\" scale, but that doesn't mean it's a bad listen, not in the least. As piecemeal as it may have been, BOOKENDS was nothing less than a stellar work from Simon & Garfunkel. Like its predecessor, it clocked in at under half an hour, but every second was worthwhile. It would be 2 more years before S&G followed up BOOKENDS, and little did we know that the end would soon be in sight.
0201633612|5.0|As far as I am aware this is the only book available on the application of design patterns specifically for Object design and is useful for Java architects as well as for its intended audience, C++ programmers. If you are having difficulty with this book then getting yourself a copy of Christoper Alexander's &quot;A Pattern Language&quot; is a good place to start looking at the concept of patterns and their application to Architectural models in the physical world. While many software designers and webdevelopers rave about &quot;A Pattern Language&quot; the worlds first book on Design &quot;Permaculture a Designers manual&quot; by Bill Mollison is even more universal in scope than &quot;A Pattern Language&quot;. This is due to the fact that &quot;Permaculture a Designers Manual&quot; draws its design methods directly from observation of how natural systems work and from that, building integrated systems based on the concepts of Physics, Ecology, Hydrology etctera. The concept of Permaculture is the inspiration behind the concept of the worlds most innovative science thinktank &quot;The Santa Fe institute&quot;, permaculture as a concept predates the &quot;The Santa Fe institute&quot; concept by over a decade. The chapters in &quot;Permaculture a Designers manual&quot; that cover, &quot;concepts and themes of design&quot;, &quot;methods of design&quot; and a &quot;pattern understanding&quot; are worth their weight in gold. One design principle that stands out is the concept of one principle in particular which states that each single element of a design must perform at least two, but preferably more functions. Such designs based on this principle alone can give your object, site or application an extremely huge bang for you buck. If you are a designer and you wish to learn the &quot;triggers&quot; that facilitate good design then there are three books that you must have, &quot;Design Patterns&quot;, &quot;A Pattern Language&quot; and &quot;Permaculture a Designers Manual&quot;. Whether you are new to design or a professional in this field get these three books, read, &quot;Permaculture a Designers Manual&quot; first to get an overview of how to design models that are universal (ie; adaptable from one discipline to another, for example the principle of edge effects in ecology, used to build objects that foster community growth in a specific Online portal). read &quot;A Pattern Language&quot; second to get an overview of the psychological principles behind Architecture that makes sense to the user and enables them instead of disempowering them (For example the navigational structure for finding the subjects of this book gives an example on how to build a navigation structure for websites or software that makes it easy for the user to navigate to the exact subject that the user wants in just one click) After you have read these two books then read &quot;Design Patterns&quot; to find out how to design objects well and use it also as inspiration for designing Java Architecture. Read these books in the following order and you will have what many programmers beleive is the best selfpaced tutorial on design that you could possibly get. Unfortunatly at present there is no course that has these three all time design classics as the basis of its curriculum, only those who are aware of what the best designers use as their reference material, buy these books, as a result many lecturers are doing thier students a huge disservice. Newsflash; &quot;Permaculture, a designers manual&quot; is no longer for sale on Yahoo as of September of 2001, this book can only be obtained over the web through its publishers &quot;Tagari.com.au&quot;.
0452282152|5.0|This novel is a real gem of a story, written with Chevalier's trademark lyrical prose which brings her settings and characters to life. She portrays 17th Century Delft and its society wonderfully. However, I feel that the quality of this novel which gives it special value is that it has the same feeling as its namesake painting-a feeling of wistful poignancy and quiet longing. Chevalier has done well to create a storyline which is based on this feeling, one of Griet, a girl forced to serve as a maid of the Vermeers to support her family. Working for them she is awakened to the wider world around her, and as she is torn between the lavish art of Catholicism and her upbringing as a proud iconoclastic Protestant, her passion for Johannes Vermeer himself remains, which leads to the dramatic painting of her portrait, and the loss of innocence that results from it, so quietly yet powerfully embodied in the image of the pearl earrings. Highly recommended.
0201633612|5.0|As far as I am aware this is the only book available on the application of design patterns specifically for Object design and is useful for Java architects as well as for its intended audience, C++ programmers. If you are having difficulty with this book then getting yourself a copy of Christoper Alexander's &quot;A Pattern Language&quot; is a good place to start looking at the concept of patterns and their application to Architectural models in the physical world. While many software designers and webdevelopers rave about &quot;A Pattern Language&quot; the worlds first book on Design &quot;Permaculture a Designers manual&quot; by Bill Mollison is even more universal in scope than &quot;A Pattern Language&quot;. This is due to the fact that &quot;Permaculture a Designers Manual&quot; draws its design methods directly from observation of how natural systems work and from that, building integrated systems based on the concepts of Physics, Ecology, Hydrology etctera. The concept of Permaculture is the inspiration behind the concept of the worlds most innovative science thinktank &quot;The Santa Fe institute&quot;, permaculture as a concept predates the &quot;The Santa Fe institute&quot; concept by over a decade. The chapters in &quot;Permaculture a Designers manual&quot; that cover, &quot;concepts and themes of design&quot;, &quot;methods of design&quot; and a &quot;pattern understanding&quot; are worth their weight in gold. One design principle that stands out is the concept of one principle in particular which states that each single element of a design must perform at least two, but preferably more functions. Such designs based on this principle alone can give your object, site or application an extremely huge bang for you buck. If you are a designer and you wish to learn the &quot;triggers&quot; that facilitate good design then there are three books that you must have, &quot;Design Patterns&quot;, &quot;A Pattern Language&quot; and &quot;Permaculture a Designers Manual&quot;. Whether you are new to design or a professional in this field get these three books, read, &quot;Permaculture a Designers Manual&quot; first to get an overview of how to design models that are universal (ie; adaptable from one discipline to another, for example the principle of edge effects in ecology, used to build objects that foster community growth in a specific Online portal). read &quot;A Pattern Language&quot; second to get an overview of the psychological principles behind Architecture that makes sense to the user and enables them instead of disempowering them (For example the navigational structure for finding the subjects of this book gives an example on how to build a navigation structure for websites or software that makes it easy for the user to navigate to the exact subject that the user wants in just one click) After you have read these two books then read &quot;Design Patterns&quot; to find out how to design objects well and use it also as inspiration for designing Java Architecture. Read these books in the following order and you will have what many programmers beleive is the best selfpaced tutorial on design that you could possibly get. Unfortunatly at present there is no course that has these three all time design classics as the basis of its curriculum, only those who are aware of what the best designers use as their reference material, buy these books, as a result many lecturers are doing thier students a huge disservice. Newsflash; &quot;Permaculture, a designers manual&quot; is no longer for sale on Yahoo as of September of 2001, this book can only be obtained over the web through its publishers &quot;Tagari.com.au&quot;.
B00005KHJM|1.0|The Wicker Man is a great film - a one-off unlike anything else. Christopher Lee thinks it might be his best performance, and I'd agree. However, this film has suffered release in butchered versions and unfortunately this DVD is one of them. The original verion of this film is 104 minutes long. The DVD version is an 88 minutes. Imagine another of your favorite movies with 16 minutes cut out of the climax. Someday The Wicker Man will be released as it was intended and I'll be able to give it 5 stars. Until then, hunt for the out-of-print uncut video version. It's out there and it's worth it.
B0000070QS|5.0|Here in the U.S., we had two hits from A-Ha and never heard from them again, sadly. Thanks to the internet, I have all their albums and had to get this one. I wasn't disappointed, it's a brilliant choice. I'm madly in love with this man's voice. No matter what he sings, it's like a warming shower on a cold winter morning. Every song should be so lucky as to be sung by him and the world is truly blessed to have a solo album by him.
B000005HLV|5.0|All I can say is: Oh, my god!(or maybe Satan in this case). This is the blackest, scariest metal I've ever had the pleasure to endure. Original! Fast! Frightening! Evil! Grinding! Even sophisticated! This is good stuff, and because I tend to lean towards extremes in music, Mayhem suits me quite nicely. If you've never heard these guys, try this CD, and if dark and nasty is your boat, slip this guy into your player. You don't listen to Mayhem... You endure Mayhem.
B000003N7G|5.0|I have to say that John Coltrane's &quot;A Love Supreme&quot; is not my favorite album to listen to--but I can't imagine being without this music. &quot;A Love Supreme&quot; is a monument of praise to God. It moves into, through and beyond all the mere emotion and striving of human experience. I can't imagine how deep Trane had to reach down into his gut to bring forth this thing of beauty. And the beauty is the thing. This is not my favorite album because its beauty confronts all the weak parts in me. I have not yet attained a freedom to deal with such confrontation... Yet, every time I put this disc in my player, there is the beauty. There is the truth. It is a great mystery to me how, admidst the emptiness that characterizes life here on planet earth, a person--in this case a musician--can put something together that speaks so clearly about the Love that calls us out of our flawed, mortal selves to something greater and beyond all that we can see. Such is the case with &quot;A Love Supreme.&quot; I recommend &quot;A Love Supreme&quot; to all those brave enough and honest enough to know &quot;enough&quot; will never be enough. I recommend it especially to those who want to grasp what Paul was saying when he said: &quot;But whatever was to my profit I now consider loss for the sake of Christ What is more, I consider everything a loss compared to the surpassing greatness of knowing Christ Jesus my Lord, for whose sake I have lost all things. I consider them rubbish, that I may gain Christ and be found in him, not having a righteousness of my own that comes from the law, but that which is through faith in Christ--the righteousness that comes from God and is by faith&quot; (Philippians 3:7-9).
B00003CX9Q|5.0|This is one of those movies that people are dying to find on DVD. I'm guessing that it's gonna come out after it makes it's 20th Anniversary re-release into theaters next year (yep, that's what I heard). <br />Anyway, the movie... The story is incredibly original, because the alien is found by a young boy named Elliot, rather than adults. Elliot and E.T. form an unexplainable bond, and Elliot finds himself feeling E.T.'s feelings (including drunkenness while he's at school, because E.T is hitting the bottle at home). The final scenes of the movie provide a \\"what if\\" type scenerio, portraying the nightmare of government intervention, even though they were trying to \\"help\\" E.T. The dialogue in the movie is well written, several scenes are just classic, and most viewers are drawn into the story from beginning to end. The score by John Williams is one of his best ever, right up there with the Star Wars score. Drew Barrymore plays the little sister of Elliot's, one of the most lively characters in the movie. The symbolism of the flowers dying and coming back to life is so original. Steven Spielberg, if you're out there, you should be PROUD of this movie. Well done! I can't wait to catch this one in theaters next year. If you've never seen it, rent it now! It's one of the best.
B000007UZ8|3.0|This is a tough CD to rate, because when I try to pick a number from 1-5, I find myself measuring it up against Radiohead's other albums, which just isn't fair. In the world of alterna-punk, Pablo Honey is a gem. If I could start a band with my friends and get anywhere near what Pablo sounds like, I'd be immensely happy. If you were rating Pablo Honey along the lines of all angsty, alternative albums of that early 90s, it would easily be one of the best. But when you look at Pablo Honey under the perspective of what Radiohead has done over thelast 10 years, Pablo Honey isn't really that great. Compared to the three albums that followed, The Bends (1995), OK Computer (1997), and Kid A (2000), Pablo Honey is really pretty bad. Pablo is a landmark album in that it represents the starting point of one of the most important bands of the 1990s and probably the 2000s. Pablo Honey is a great alterna-punk album. I highly reccomend it to peple who love the angsty stuff of the early 90s. Tracks I personally like are Creep, I Can't, Anyone Can Play Guitar, and Ripcord. If you have the extra cash, definitely go for this souped up versions. My Radiohead b-side collected started with this version of Pablo Honey and has taken off since. Pablo Honey: a decent Radiohead album, a great alternative album.
B000002U8G|5.0|The highlight of this album is definately Echoes... one of the best songs ever conceived of... over 20 minutes of pure genious, and never once is it boring... but Echoes is not the only thing here... The album is strong all the way through, although I think you need to have an open mind, especially if you do as I did and start with later Floyd and work your way back... the first track One of These Days is very cool... with a cool bass part throughout... a twisted lyric, but hey, it's funny... track two is like, as the title says, a pillow of winds... very much like you're floating in air... good, but is my least favorite... track three is awesome... one of my favorite floyd songs... maybe one of my all time favorites... the next two tracks take an open mind... sounding almost lounge style, and then very bluesy... but it's still good... and then Echoes comes on... I know most people would buy this for Echoes, but there is more... Floyds second or third best in my opinion (not sure if it out ranks With You Were Here or not) and is definately essential to any collection, if for no other reason then to say &quot;I lisened to Echoes!!!&quot;... but just make sure you listen to the rest...
B00000JCB2|4.0|It's not award-winning, but it's good.<br />Just Like This (3/5) - Well, it's okay. But it's kinda pointless. <br />Nookie (4/5) - I like this song. I have no idea why.<br />Break Stuff (5/5) - This is a song for when you are pissed off. Lyrically lacking, but who cares?<br />Re-Arranged (5/5) - This song is really pretty.<br />I'm Broke (2/5) - This song is seriously stupid. It makes no sense. Fred Durst broke?? Give me a break.<br />Nobody Like You (4/5) - This song is pretty good. <br />Don't Go Off Wandering (5/5) - I love this song. Fred sings really well on it.<br />9 Teen 90 Nine - (4/5) This song has some good moments in it. I trust it probably sounds cooler live though.<br />N Together Now - (unrated) If you like rap, it's good. If you don't, it sucks.<br />Trust? (5/5) - This is a good song. It's really heavy.<br />No Sex (5/5) - Ooh ballady!<br />Show Me What You Got (5/5) - Simply a concert song, plus he thanks Slim Shady (not anymore man!). But still good.<br />A Lesson Learned (5/5) - Another pretty ballad.
B000002J1S|5.0|I still remember buying this album... it was in a Tower Records in Chicago (I'm from a small town in Canada and was amazed at the selection of cds)... I was visiting my brother at the time, and he was like \\"Genesis? What're you buying that ... for?\\"... well, it's definately not  ... ... This was the third Genesis album I bought, the second Gabriel Genesis album, and so I was familiar with the sound... but this album is different from Selling England by the Pound (the first album I owned)... it's an epic... a gigantic masterpiece that flows together smoothly... and well, I think it was the first real concept album I ever bought... all the songs are perfect, and the musicianship is stellar as always... the album is meant to be taken as a whole, but still my favorite tracks are Carpet Crawlers, the title track, Here Comes the Supernatural Anaesthetist, and It, but they're all awesome separate, and even more spectacular when you do listen to it straight through as a whole... I love this album, and have gone back and forth between this and Selling England as to which is my favorite Genesis album... I say Selling England because it's shorter, and fits my short attention span better... I find The Lamb harder to listen to in one setting... however, ever single track on both albums is perfect... so if you like longer albums check out The Lamb, and if you're partial to the shorter more compact albums check out Selling England... but really, both are great and should be in every collection... <br />oh, and plus the story is printed in paragraph form in the booklet... so it's easier to understand that way...
B000059ZT4|5.0|this is a great cd,i have all of bob`s original cd`s and i can tell yu dat this is a great disc,it have all de original sounds of catch a fire from jamaica,and the ones put together with chris blackwell,fi di original version,not only that,but it is remastered so it sounds clear and bright like one of today`s records,i would definetly recommend buying this cd to any true marley fan,or even someone trying to get to know bob`s music,you`ll love once you play it inna yu stereo, one love
B000006TRV|5.0|I don't care what anyone says, this album blows Dark Side of the Moon out of the water!!!!! Dark Side is good, but this album is, well, perfect... I love the story, and the music is totally awesome... I spent so much time trying to pick apart every little aspect of the lyrics to piece the story together, and I finally feel like I have it... although there is more detail, the basic idea is about a symbolic wall that was built up around the character Pink... the first cd talks about different things that added to this wall, hence the titles Another Brick in the Wall parts 1 - 3... an over protective mother, death of his father, abusive teachers, etc, etc, whereas I think the second cd is about what is happening inside the wall, and the eventual tearing down of the wall... the album seems to play almost like a cycle, where the music that starts the album ends the album as well... hmmm, I wonder if that has some meaning... ahh well, this album is great... it's full of great music, and great literature... definately among my top albums of all time...
B00003CXSP|2.0|I was not crazy about this movie but I bought a copy of the DVD because of the alternate ending... I was fooled. Much of the hype and complaints I heard about Ridley Scott's version of Hannibal was that he changed the infamous ending that was in the novel. The DVD promises an &quot;alternate ending&quot; that I hoped was closer to the novel. In reality it is almost exactly the same as the one in the theatrical release with one change. If you are planning to buy this DVD because of the alternate ending... DON'T BOTHER!!! They are trying to capitalize on the fact that some people really want to see the ending as Thomas Harris wrote it. I was fooled by this.
B000002J1M|5.0|This is the third best Genesis album, but it still better then most music... Suppers Ready is reason enough to buy this album, but the whole album is awesome... I can listen to the whole of Suppers Ready without getting bored, and that's saying something for a song running over 20 minutes... Suppers Read is the epic, but songs like Get'em Out By Friday, Can-utility and the Coastliners, and Watcher of the shies are all superb as well... definately a must have for any genesis, or Peter Gabirle fan...
B00003CXSP|3.0|First off Moore taking Fosters place was the biggest no no in cinema history.Yes she is a good actor she just doesnt fill Jody Fosters shoes.While watching the film i just didnt feel any chemistry between Moore and Hopkins.Unlike Silence of the Lambs where Jody Foster and Anthony Hopkins scenes were almost erotic.See it for Hannibal's humour nothing more than that.We will not see any Oscars for this film.
B0000508U6|5.0|I love this album so much... it's the album I put on when I feel down, and it always does the trick... if I want to wallow in my own self pity I put on a song like Spies and just wallow, but if I need a lift I'll listen to songs like Yellow, or Everythings Not Lost and they definately do the trick... this is definately not a downer album, although some of the songs are that way, the ending of the album is a positive one saying to the listener that Everythings not lost... the music is fairly simple, but is absolutely gorgeous, and the singers voice, my god, what a voice... I didn't think much of it the first time I heard their song Yellow, but now I think it's one of the best around... you can just hear the emotion in his voice... the music is similar to early Radiohead, but really is much more like Travis (another band compared to Radiohead) but is only better in my opinion (although Travis's new album is almost as good as this)... my favorite songs are Shiver, Yellow, Spies, and Everythings Not Lost, and Trouble... definately check this out if you like Travis, or Radiohead, or any good music for that matter...
B00003CXRP|4.0|Im still angry not to find out what was in the box.Wonderful film.Tom's best,exept for that damn box.
B00004SU5J|5.0|This 60 minute long cd is absolute a favourite of mine. The genre is what is called Nu Jazz/Nu House. The characteristics of the different tracks are cool, lounging, jazzy and soft House orientated beats. All the tracks vary a lot, so it is quite impossible to predict the next track on the cd. The first track &quot;Rouse Rouge&quot; is a semi fast jazz track with nice vocaling that seem a bit addictive, some would say a little mad. Track no. 2 &quot;Montego Bay Spleen&quot; is a slow dub track that sounds a lot like Massive Attack, only with jazzy guitarplaying. Tack no. 3 &quot;So Flute&quot; is a real cool track which is a bit more House inspired with real nice flute as the dominant instrument. Track no. 4 &quot;Land of...&quot; is a Blues/Jazz inspired track, also real comforting. Track no. 5 &quot;Latin Note&quot; is a Jazz track with a comforting Housebeat and some nice congas drums. Track no. 6 &quot;Sure Thing&quot; is a real smooth lounging track. Track no. 7 &quot;Pont Des Arts&quot; is more of a chilling Housetrack with some real nice and cool piano playing. Track no. 8 &quot;La Goutte D'Or&quot; is a dub track with real nice flute playing. Track no. 9 &quot;What you think about&quot; is more of a Soul Jazzy track. Confused? Well, you have got any reason to be! I really love this cd since I am a big fan of lounge, House, Nu Jazz and what all the different genres contain of experimenting with new sounds and effects. If you are a fan of the genres as described or you just want a varied cd in your collection to chill out to, then this is an absolutely must buy. I promise you will not regret!
B000001EXR|5.0|great album. just like in revenge, bruce kulick shines in this album!.
0792842499|5.0|This was the first Clint Eastwood movie that I ever saw. He played the role to the hilt. Lee Van Cleef was equally as scary in his role as a professional killer. Eli Wallach played his part very well. It is hard to believe that this outstanding movie was shot in Italy. The scenery looked just like an old west scene. The gunfight scenes in this movie are outstanding as well. You would not have guessed that one of our longer lasting movie careers would have came off of this movie. The hunt for the gold made for a perfect plot. The three individuals who this movie were based on were cast perfectly in the movie. This is an all time classic. Be sure to buy a video because you will watch it again and again.
0792844882|5.0|Showgirls, reviewed terribly by every critic around, is actually a heart pounding show stopper. I cannot believe I didn't discover this cinematic gem sooner. It mixes sex, glamour, dance, lust, and desire and pushes it beyond the limit. Elizabeth Berkley dances with so much attitude it makes you feel the rhythm inside you. Gina Gershon is sexy and diabolical. She is one hot smoldering temptress. Gina Ravera is adorable and well-placed as Nomi(Berkley)'s conscience. This movie is lots of fun.
1559210400|5.0|I have read more than a dozen novels by the extraordinary Pearl S. Buck, and this is one of my all time favorites. Buck's lucid writing, and deep understanding of complex cultural issues makes this a gem. Set against the back-drop of the Chinese cultural Revolution, THE THREE DAUGHTERS OF MADAME LIANG charts the deeply personal journey and loss of one Chinese family. There is a sophistication to Buck's writing that is not always immediately apparent, but once you become used to her voice, the deceptively simple prose gives way to deeply moving insights. This is a glowing, powerful novel about a family and a country at a crossroads. Don't miss it!
0345350499|5.0|I read this book many years ago and would gladly read it all over again! That there is a movie being made out of this book is fantastic!! I have recently read the three other books associated with this one, and I adore the amount of detail and depth MZB gives to all of her characters. Arthurian legend, meaningful characters and lyrical romance, a beautiful combination!
B00005221L|3.0|This DVD version seems substantially shorter than the letterboxed cable channel version that has recently been shown. Perhaps the owners are trying to milk the market with an inferior DVD, then hit us with an expanded version later. In any case, I think we're being cheated here. Caveat emptor.
0385302320|5.0|(See my review of DRAGONFLY IN AMBER)
B00003CY5H|5.0|I couldn't believe it. A movie with a plot plus round and flat characters; no car chases and no shoot 'em up bang bang! How refreshing! Unfortunately, what it lacks in blood shed and strewn maimed and mutilated bodies it makes up for in language. (I wonder if it was written by David &quot;F.&quot; Mammoth.) The ending caught me by surprise. I was floored. Mind you I didn't see the movie &quot;Presumed Innocent&quot; (I read the book), and knew who the killer was (though not how) before I was halfway finished. This movie though--&quot;The Score&quot; . . . the ending . . . it was funny. The sad part is--I wonder what it says about us as a society when we're sitting there cheering for the bad guy. It is a movie worth seeing. I definitely recommend it.
B00001ZWTT|3.0|Robert Conrad, who played James West on the TV series, once said that he told the writers to give all the dialogue to Artemis Gordon (Ross Martin). That way he came across as the silent, action oriented type. Too bad the writers of this movie didn't follow this advice. Will Smith jabbers his way through the whole movie. Can you imagine how good this movie could've been if West had been played by Denzel Washington, and the plot played it straight? The only consolation is the performance by the always watchable Kevin Kline as Artemis, and Kenneth Brannaugh as Loveless. Too bad, this movie could've been a contender.
B00004RYZT|5.0|This here is a fine DVD. It's picture and sound quality is outstanding. Is it worth the money? Yes. Especially if you're a fan. Not to mention the tons of detailed, interesting feactures. I have the Live Aus Berline CD, and this here is another world. Love it.
B000002HPV|5.0|On Homogenic, Bjrk's third offering in her self-defined post-Sugarcubes era, Bjrk takes a turn into industrial distortion. At first, I found this distortion offputting and wondered what she could have been thinking. The precision and clarity of the beautiful electronica in her previous albums was now awash in overdrive(!) But, I'm finding that with material such as this, which doesn't quite agree with me on the first listen, if I allow it time to grow on me, I develop an intense fondness for it. That's certainly the case with Homogenic. This is my favorite Bjrk album to date. This is Out There, no doubt. I believe it is this album that has taught us all to expect Bjrk to be Out There, inhabiting that magical imaginary place she must spend most of her mental time. But she is our narrator, the David Attenborough of the pop avant garde, instilling some order in the midst of that musically chaotic world which she delights in bringing to us. Amid the classical string arrangements bristling with distorted techno and industrial beats, there's that...voice. Shrill, soaring, shrieking, whispering. Bjrk's voice is pure emotion, and she lays into these songs with all she's got, more than that tiny frame should be able to produce. At the same time, it's her voice that is able to subdue all that incongruity and bring some sense to it all. It's that voice that allowed me to overcome the distortion and the strangeness, and find the emotion of each song, which is really where Bjrk excels. And she excels on Homogenic. &quot;Hunter&quot; was the big single on this album, showing up on the X-Files movie soundtrack. It's a stong song, but nowhere near as complex and rich as such songs as &quot;Unravel&quot;, which deals with the subject of love and separation, and &quot;5 Years&quot;, in which she taunts a departing lover. I have a particular fondness for &quot;All is Full of Love&quot;, which seems to be a love song to a baby growing into a child -- the song begins with a heartmonitor, and degenerates into the echoes of bugs on a child's summer day free of responsibilities. In fact, that is a great note on which to end the album -- freedom. If anything, Bjrk seems free on Homogenic, from the first song (in &quot;Hunter&quot;, she sings about organizing freedom) to the last (the freedom of a child). She has certainly remained free to experiment musically. Your enjoyment of Homogenic is going to be up to you. If you're looking for more of what you've already got too much of on the radio, you're going to hate this album. But if you're open-minded, and looking for something a bit deeper, you should make yourself free to experience this masterpiece. In these days of overhyped empty pop, it's nice to hear an artist being completely free and creative. For all of us, I hope Homogenic marks the beginnings of a new creative musical era. I look forward to it.
B000002KDO|5.0|My friends, it does not get better than this. Here's the deal: if you don't own this cd, buy it. It is a life-changer. The funny thing about these ...(website) reviews is that I think a large percentage of the time, the people that bother to read them are already familiar with the album in question. Do people really read these things to try to determine whether or not to buy a cD? Well, if you are out there, reading this right now, wondering whether or not to buy this cd, I have this to offer: BUY THIS!! This is without a doubt the most incredible heavy metal lp. You simply have to hear it. If you are reading this and you are, say, a 17 year-old kid thinking about whether or not you want to spend your hard-earned allowance on this cd, let me tell you it will change your life! Every song is so tight. Genre-defining metal. These guys were out of their mind at this point. So original. 'Into the Void' is so unspeakably great, so influential. This band was at the height of their powers. Buy it now and discover the greatest band of all time!!
0449227545|4.0|Ken Follet is an incredible author who creates captivating, intriguing and fascinating work. Although this is not my favorite by him, it is still a great book. The characters are well portrayed,and there is a good balance between good and evil. Judy is a great and likeable character, and I rooted for her throughout. Other reviews discredit the book because it is unrealistic -- but that is unfair. The plot is not unrealistic, as there are many cults and sub cultures out there who will do anything to stop a political venture, or to fight government. This is a book any Ken Follett, or suspense reader will enjoy. It is fast paced, and as always, Follett did his homework. Keep the books coming!
B00000JG4N|4.0|after two sub-par efforts (theatre and girls), the crue returns to fine form with the multi-platinum selling dr. feelgood. and this time the success was well deserved. nikki was in the mood to write songs again, and the results were &quot;slice of your pie&quot;, &quot;kickstart my heart&quot; and &quot;don't go away mad&quot;. this also might have planted the seed for the crue to realize that vince neil might be limiting their potential just a bit. you get the feeling that this record is only the beginning of an evolution for the crue...
B00005JKHZ|5.0|With out question the best car chase movie ever filmed... Hands down... An honest movie without fake car chase tricks during filming, and the best thing is, at the end it was a 68 camaro that received the bulldozer treatment.
B00005M989|1.0|Prince is a fantastic artist. This piece of poop barely scratches the surface of his visionary brilliance. Some have called this a good intro to Prince. I guess that thinking is hard to argue with, but this really isn't a very effective single disc 'best-of' package. I used to manage a rock outfit. I tried to borrow a few tricks from the Prince bag when selecting material for them to play. They covered several Prince songs, and I tried to pick relative obscurities rather than the big hits. Some of Prince's greatest songs are the ones casual fans never hear. A few of these would have been very useful in balancing out the mega-hits found on this album. The band I managed had some very poor original material. They really thought they could come up with some great funky songs, but they were all ridiculous. I had them cover &quot;My Name is Prince&quot; (a great song, modest hit, that would've been great on this compilation), and &quot;Seventeen Days&quot; (another choice number).<br />Buy Prince's albums. Or if you must buy a compilation, get &quot;The Hits/The B-Sides&quot;.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|Moulin Rouge has it all. The time period/history and the music/ language are juxtopositioned. The music and dance are glorious and just a blast. Music from various time periods connects with people of all generations. This is a true academy award winner! Enjoy it many times!
B00004XPPK|5.0|This all-time classic is loaded with fierce passion and sheer beauty. About passion, after seeing it you'll give some thought to one of the key phrases uttered in it: &quot;Hate is a very exciting emotion... haven't you noticed?&quot;. Powerful jealousy, obsession, flirtation and double crossing are the order of the day, and some domestic violence between Gilda and Jhonny doesn't go unnoticed (famous slapping). I had seen Gilda a few times before on TV, but seeing it again thanks to this DVD gave me some new surprises. Among those, a scene that made me think of Sharon Stone's most polemic one in Basic Instinct! Gilda is in her room getting ready for her party at the casino, and right after she stands up from the sofa and turns around with her beautiful gown... well, sorry, you have to see the movie. Besides the photography being so incredibly beautiful, Rita is... well, Rita of course. Only her beauty can describe her beauty. I had the opinion that the most gorgeous close-ups of Rita Hayworth appeared in the movie &quot;Salome&quot; (a technicolor one). After watching Gilda again I succumbed to Rita's B&amp;W close-ups. You may put the blame on Mame ;-), I think very few claims of beauty and seduction on the big screen can match Rita Hayworth in Gilda. Extremely recommended.
B00005BJ2O|5.0|Moulin Rouge is a phenomenal film that everyone has to see, and the soundtrack is just as phenomanal. Warning: See the film before getting the soundtrack, it will ruin a few surprises that you will not enjoy as much if you have already heard them. Nicole Kidman is perfectly sexy and Ewan McGregor is so passionate. Do they have great voices-no, but they they fit perfectly together and the both sing with so much passion that you will fall in love with the songs they sing. Most noteably is Diamonds are A girls Best Friend and The Elephant Medley. 2 songs that mix 70's and 80's pop. The most beautiful track is Come What May, the best ballad of the year that is the best tearjerker song to be recorded in a long time. Other highlights include the sexy remake of Lady Marmalde which I know all of you have heard. Christina belts, Mya purrs, Lil Kim raps, and Pink shines on the cover making it one of the best tracks of the year. Newcomer Valeria is wonderful on her new dance version of Rythym of the Night. Her vocals are strong and hopefully will be releasing a full length solo cd soon. If you loved the movie the album will not disappoint, except for a few songs that were in the film not included on the soundtrack. If you haven't seen it you will still love it but won't know the meaning behind all the songs. Either way see the film, buy the soundtrack. Hopefully you will love it as much as I did.
B00005M989|3.0|Why??  With the phenomenal &quot;The Hits/The B-Sides&quot; set from 1993, you would think Warner Bros. could have thought of something better than this as a Hits album.  No, there haven't been many &quot;hits&quot; since that time, and certainly fewer that WB have the rights to release, but there are a few that are conspicuously missing from this album - where is &quot;The Most Beautiful Girl In The World&quot;?  Where is &quot;I Hate U&quot;?<br />Obviously the songs on this album are fantastic, but they barely scratch the surface of Prince's career.  If you want my recommendation, either A) Go out and buy The Hits/The B-Sides or B) Save the money and slowly buy each of Prince's albums.  Forget the hits.  There are too many overlooked gems from Prince's career - everything on The Gold Experience and Sign O The Times eclipse most of Prince's hits.<br />Just my thoughts, of course....
B00000ING2|4.0|Ok, ok, the title of the movie stinks and probably contributed to the movie hitting the basement, as soon as it was released. Still, it is a pretty clever and unusual movie. The premise is simple. The CEO and founder of a very successful, major corporation commits suicide. Consequently, his shares of the corporation must be sold publicly. To the dismay of the board of directors, this means that more than half the company will be owned by outsiders.<br /> Corporate executive, Sidney Mussberger, wonderfully played by the ever handsome Paul Newman, devises a fiendish scheme to devalue the shares of the corporation. He will simply hire a numbskull and esconce him as the new CEO in order to drive the company temporarily into the ground, causing the value of the shares to plummet. The board of directors can then afford to buy the outstanding shares floating out there at rock bottom prices, retaining control of the corporation.<br /> Sidney subsequently selects Norville Barnes, a dopey, but nice guy, played with cow eyed innocence by Tim Robbins, who works in the company mailroom, a place reminiscent of the movie Metropolis. Barnes happens to have an idea that he has been working on for years. When he shows a picture of a circle as representative of his idea, the viewer wonders just what the heck is so special about it.  So does Sidney, who allows Barnes to execute his idea, believing him to be a total moron whose idea is just the thing to make the companies stock tank.  This is where the Coen Brother's cleverness begins to kick in. When the viewer realizes what that circle actually is, the movie will be kicking into full gear. It is, at times, hilarious. See the film to find out just what Barnes has been working on for years. Sidney learns that the best laid plans often go awry.<br /> Barnes becomes enamored of Amy Archer, a female reporter, who smells that something is not quite right at corporate headquarters. The role is played by Jennifer Jason Leigh in an over the top, highly stylized, uneven parody of Katherine Hepburn. Still, she makes this affectation work in the context of this film. In fact, the rat-a-tat-tat tempo of her delivery contributes to giving the film its feel of a bygone time. The action in the film purportedly takes place in the nineteen fifties, but the sets are nineteen thirties art nouveau in feel and style, as is the rapid fire delivery of some of the dialogue. This creates an odd, somewhat disconcerting, dissonanace, contributing to the film's overall quirkiness.<br /> This is an underrated film that deserves a look by movie lovers everywhere. It has the makings of a cult classic.p, highly stylized, uneven parody of Katherine Hepburn. Still, she makes this affectation work in the context of this film. In fact, the rat-a-tat-tat tempo of her delivery contributes to giving the film its feel of a bygone time. The action in the film purportedly takes place in the nineteen fifties, but the sets are nineteen thirties art nouveau in feel and style, as is the rapid fire delivery of some of the dialogue. This creates an odd, somewhat disconcerting, dissonanace, contributing to the film's overall quirkiness.<br /> This is an underrated film that deserves a look by movie lovers everywhere. It has the makings of a cult classic.
074322454X|2.0|I loved Undaunted Courage, but all of Ambrose's World War II books have been a disappointment to me.  He loves the players too much and he lets it show.  <br />I'm not surprised someone decided to make band of Brothers into a miniseries.  To me it was every campy WW II movie I ever saw (all that was missing was Van Johnson), passed as history. It also reminds me of the miniseries \\"Anzacs\\" with Paul Hogan, which told the story of how a heretofore unknown squad of Aussies and New Zealanders won the Great War.  Here's the plot of Band of Brothers - Company E of the 506th was the best trained, best equipped, best lead, best staffed, best bred, best intentioned, most skilled, most chaste, and bravest fighting force ever assembled.  Everybody else in the war ...  Because of this, the 506th was able to turn the tide again and again for the virtuous allies.  Even in those rare cases where they are unable to save the day (like Market-Garden) it is only because the planning of the high command was so inept that success was impossible <br />Ambrose cites numerous references from earlier histories, but like his D-Day book he relies very heavily on the oral histories as told by survivors still living and available at the time of his research.  <br />If you would like to read a WW II novel about an airborne regiment written by the Easy Company Public Relations man, this is your book.  I suggest saving your time, rent Battleground, and call it a day.  The saving grace of this book is that it is an Easy summer read (pardon the pun!) and for those of us with insatiable appetites for new WW II histories it helps fill the craving.
0897500482|5.0|A perfect blend of Zen and the martial arts. Bruce Lees philosophical concepts about the martial arts and self-defense, it is an enlightening look at his theories and application of techniques. A must read for any serious martial artist and an excellent resource. It demonstrates what an open mind one should have regarding all styles and systems of martial arts. Lee writes about and shows his wonderful ability to pick and choose optimum techniques of self-defense from various systems. Anyone interested in truely understanding the path to enlightenment through the study of the martial arts must own this book. This book is mandatory reading for my martial art students and should be for you.
B00000DGUG|5.0|In a time when all you hear is cookie cutter, media stunt, pre-packaged, pre-teen pop bands (if you dare to defile the word by using in this sense), it takes a person with a little daring, a lot of intellect, and tons of talent to come up with an album like Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie. Believe it or not, I read a review of this album online that criticized Ms. Morissette's lack of rhyme. I feel quite the contrary on this point and think that it is this dark, mystic mix of words and music that make her different, and yes, different is wonderful. So, if you feel the same way I do about our present day slump of creativity and ingenuity in music you might want to check out Alanis Morissette's Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie.
B00004T1NA|4.0|Finally some decent, well-arranged, artistic rock. The band name is Porcupine Tree, and 'Lightbulb Sun' is truly one of the best albums released these last years. The top track of the album is the 13 minutes masterpiece 'Russia On Ice'. An amazing composition which might be regarded as the 'Bohemian Rhapsody' of our time. The singles 'Four Chords That Made A Million' and 'Shesmovedon' as well as 'Feel So Low' are among the other songs which contribute to the greatness of 'Lightbulb Sun', different however they are. Whereas the former is genuine rock put under an electronic coating, the two latter are beautifully arranged and softly sung rock ballads. Adore the chorus on 'Shesmovedon', admire the crispy guitar on 'Feel So Low'. You won't find much better. Porcupine Tree is something you HAVE to give a try, it's as simple as that.
B00000DGUG|5.0|In a time when all you hear is cookie cutter, media stunt, pre-packaged, pre-teen pop bands (if you dare to defile the word by using in this sense), it takes a person with a little daring, a lot of intellect, and tons of talent to come up with an album like Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie. Believe it or not, I read a review of this album online that criticized Ms. Morissette's lack of rhyme. I feel quite the contrary on this point and think that it is this dark, mystic mix of words and music that make her different, and yes, different is wonderful. So, if you feel the same way I do about our present day slump of creativity and ingenuity in music you might want to check out Alanis Morissette's Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie.
B000059S9D|4.0|Finally some decent, well-arranged, artistic rock. The band name is Porcupine Tree, and 'Lightbulb Sun' is truly one of the best albums released these last years. The top track of the album is the 13 minutes masterpiece 'Russia On Ice'. An amazing composition which might be regarded as the 'Bohemian Rhapsody' of our time. The singles 'Four Chords That Made A Million' and 'Shesmovedon' as well as 'Feel So Low' are among the other songs which contribute to the greatness of 'Lightbulb Sun', different however they are. Whereas the former is genuine rock put under an electronic coating, the two latter are beautifully arranged and softly sung rock ballads. Adore the chorus on 'Shesmovedon', admire the crispy guitar on 'Feel So Low'. You won't find much better. Porcupine Tree is something you HAVE to give a try, it's as simple as that.
B00005LMBK|5.0|I originally wrote a review of this CD stating that there was only 1 good song on it (Clint Eastwood), but I'm back to change my review.  I've since given the CD a second chance and boy have I changed my mind about it.  If you're looking for something new and different BUY THIS CD.  You won't be disappointed.
6305181772|5.0|This DVD is really great. That's just about all there is too it. You can choose to watch the widescreen or standard versions of the movie, and both show up beautifully. There's not much more to say. Sound is awesome, video quality is awesome - and the Mission is Impossible! Get this DVD if you liked the VHS version, or if you wanna try it, or if - if ANYTHING!!
B00005J6UP|5.0|With Steven Spielberg providing us the story,and being Executive Producer, with Richard Donner as the Director (Lethal Weapon series)we get the greatest adventure and cast of unforgettable characters (Chunk, Sloth and Mouth to mention a few). This DVD provides us the way to this great &quot;Pirate Treasure Adventure&quot;!!!! In Summary: Taking place in the town of &quot;Astoria&quot; on the rugged coast of Oregon. A group of misfit kids &quot;nicknamed the &quot;Goonies&quot; by others in town. Find themselves in a difficult situation. There neighborhood is being foreclosed in 24 hours by the rich country club snobs for a golf course. (By the way, Astoria has a rich history of Pirates and lost treasure). The Goonies find a treasure map and decide to find the loot to save their homes. The race for &quot;One Eyed Willy's&quot; treasure begins and this wonderful cast of characters who are also pursued by a colorful group villians. The DVD extras include: The making of. Outtakes of scenes cut, including the giant octopus sequence. The commentary track includes audio and video of the original Goonies and the Director on a 16 year reunion reflection of their personal experiences making the movie as kids. This is a great family movie and the story line, adventure theme of &quot;Pirates Treasure&quot; is perfect! Once you see the &quot;Goonies&quot; in action, you'll always be a Goonie!!! Trust me this one is fun.
B00003CWNR|5.0|This movie was a true masterpiece. The score is truly wonderful. It kind of reminded me of the classic &quot;Pacibel's Canyon&quot;. In my opinion the score is as good as the score on &quot;The Green Mile&quot;. The movie was well acted with a great plot. The orphinage is a heartwarming piece of the movie. That little kid (Dewey) from &quot;Malcom in the Middle&quot; stars. All in all a great movie, I loved it.
6303965415|5.0|If you have Pride and Predjudice, Sense and Sensibilty, etc you must have this one for your video collection! This is a wonderful timeless story that I have enjoyed watching numerous times. I have just about all the Jane Auston video's and this is an excellent quick fix (if you don't have six hours to spare).
B00003CXSP|4.0|Since I am reviewer number 227, I guess that if you got here it is because you have strong feelings for or against this movie. I have to say that I enjoyed watching a superb actor like Anthony Hopkins replaying this role. Hannibal Lecter represents who we think about when we are thinking of a genious, derranged serial killer. Julianne Moore is a beautiful actress and I think she did a good job playing Clarice, yet we will always wonder, How much better could Jodie Foster have been?. I know that there is a lot of controversy about the kilings and the gore in this movie, but having read the book prior to seeing the movie; I expected nothing less. The part of this movie that I was dissapointed with was the end. In my opinion, the end in the book is a more fitting end. It would have brought a better closing to the relationship between Lecter and Starling, and in my view, an even scarier possibility... You don't know the end in the book?... READ IT!
B00005K3O4|4.0|The film's tagline sums it up, campy and fun Horror. I'm not a huge fan of campy or comedic Horror, but there are some rare exceptions that I enjoy immensely. Killer Klowns is one of these exceptions, and the film has just grown on me a lot over the years of viewings. The first time I saw it was when I was about 13, and I thought it was the most bizarre and fun Horror movie I had seen to date, and I still feel the same way. Not only is the film campy fun, it has some really great make-up effects. The klowns are superb, they look great. There is just something about clowns that can be eerie, and these klowns bring that eerie feeling out to an extreme. Up to this point there has only been the original VHS video of the film, and more recently a reproduction videocassette. As with the majority of VHS films the movie is shown in the 4:3 aspect ratio, cutting off a lot of the films original frames. With this wonderfully done new DVD you can see the film as it was shot in widescreen, and of course the audio is substantially better as well. The DVD also contains a plethora of supplemental material, from director commentary to behind-the-scenes footage. For fans of the film this is a can't miss opportunity to own the ultimate presentation of this film. For those that haven't seen the film, this is a great way to watch it for the first time.
B000002J1L|5.0|If i can remember correctly; Genesis' first album was done while the boys were in an England prep school in 1969. Nursery Cryme was finished in 1971, that's only 2 years out of &quot;High School&quot;! That's what makes this album so exceptional, I'd expect something from veteran musicians and distinguished poets and storytellers, but these are English prep boys. In some respect I would find the work Genesis did on this album to be even above those distinguished musicians and poets. I am really blown away. When they did this album they were younger than the Beatles were when they recorded SGt.Pepper. Personally I think this album's better, maybe not as revolutionary, but musically and creativly intense.
B00005M989|1.0|Many of the other reviews sum up my feelings. Skimpy selection. Ignores many big hits. Ignore great album tracks. Adds absolutely nothing new, not a single song or even alternate mix. The Hits/The B-Sides, although more expensive, is the much, much better choice. AVOID THIS COMPILATION LIKE THE PLAGUE.
B00003CXBK|5.0|Excellent film. I can claim to be an expert on anime/manga or anything like that, but I can say that this is perhaps the finest animated film I have ever seen. The voice acting was superb on both the English and Japanese audio tracks. The soundtrack manages to bring out the emotion of the scenes very nicely. The storyline was also very enjoyable. I like a movie that is difficult to predict. I could not imagine what the outcome of this movie would be. Anyway, enough praise. I'd recommend this movie to anyone who was interested in anime enough to browse through and see what Amazon.com has to offer. :)
B00004XPPB|5.0|i think its great the movie was great. al pacino was great as well in the movie i love him as an actor and in this movie he was so convincing. as i loved him in devils advocate watch the movie you wont be disapointed with it plus i am reading the book which had to come out before the movie so it followed pretty close to the book
0312955006|5.0|I will start by saying that I read the previous two Bosch books and I loved them. The strengths of the novels have always been the characters, especially our hero, Bosch, who is a complex and very interesting, fully developed character. That being said, I had very high expectations for the Concrete Blonde and I was NOT disappointed! I thought it was the best yet. Bosch and company is in top form, as usual; but there is also a compelling and superbly plotted mystery that needs to be solved.  There are several plausible suspects and Connelly keeps you guessing until the end. One of the minor criticisms I had with the previous novels was that Bosch was too much of a loner; he never had anyone on his side and he didn't have any friends. In this one Bosch has some allies; it isn't \\"Bosch versus the world\\" and that makes for much more of a plausible and compelling story, and Bosch seems fore human. It was a nearly flawless novel of the genre and I consider it to be one of the best that I have ever read.
B00003CXSP|5.0|I read the book, then saw the film in the theatre and was vaguely aware of not having a real opinion. Did I like it? Yeah...no...yeah I THINK so. Hmmm, I am not usually so confused about cinema. Now, after viewing the DVD, I understand my problem. I was reluctant to allow &quot;Hannibal&quot; to be appreciated as a stand alone film and, in my opinion, that is how it must be considered. It sheds new light on this chapter (and the inner character) in the life of our favorite cannibal. Scott's film plays like the foreign film it should be, the screen is both dark and deeply shadowed as well as bleeding with vibrant color, locations spectacular. The photography truly wraps around the actors and brings them in to a secret little world that, while it did not allow me to forget Jodie Foster and her perverse would-be paramour, did allow me to accept the first film as &quot;another time, another place.&quot; In the here and now with Lechter abroad and Starling's career on the skids after a disasterous FBI raid gone wrong, a fresh start emerges playing once again on Starling's lack of self esteem and the undeniable relationship between the two. To go further with the plot is a waste of your time, Gentle Reader, as so many have already gone before me. I will say the DVD is probably the best one on the market right now, packed full with extra scenes, alternative endings, and plenty of features which allow you to ruminate over the story without the screaming crowds. It personifies what DVD is actually for and why it's worth having. If you turned your nose up at &quot;Hannibal&quot; due to loyalty to the first film, may I suggest a taste test? This is very, very good.
0060920084|3.0|When I first started reading this book I thought it was great. I'm American but I certainly think America can be very culturally barren. When Bryson went to town on America and it's people I thought it was hillarious. He is very funny, honest, and mean. And I loved it. The problem is that all this book does is have him drive to a small town and make fun of people there and then go to another town and do the same thing. When I was about halfway through the book I realized that I could choose any chapter at random and it wouldn't matter. I quit halfway through because the book was going nowhere. There doesn't seem to any real point to his book other than that he thinks Americans are stupid and that their towns suck. He doesn't develop anything about that such as why this is the case, what it means to the world, or even what's so great about living in Britain. Overall this book was just an exercise in being a .... I do that everyday of my life but you don't see me writing a book about it.
0790729628|5.0|Blade Runner is a movie that just cries out for the clarity of a DVD. This was the director's cut, so it is a little different, a bit darker than what was released in 1982. This story doesn't age with time, not just because of the great special effects but the story. It asks what happens when humanity creates replicants of itself and basically plays God. It gives them memories but only a limited lifetime - 4 years and sends them on assignmnets deemed too dangerous for human beings. They were banned from Earth and Decker, a Blade Runner, someone who hunts these replicants, is sent to find them and terminate them. The whole cast is very good but Rutger Hauer is outstanding as the head of the replicants. His final confronatation with Ford is almost too painful to watch. Buy it. IF not already considered a classic, it soon will be. And if you think the movie shows a bleak picture of a future earth, read &quot;Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep&quot; by the late,great Phillip K. Dick on which the movie was based.
0783228457|5.0|The message of the film - \\"TV can make murderers outta people\\" - is taken to literal, hallucinogenic extremes. In this movie, literally, a TV set and a VHS tape \\"turn\\" James Woods into a mass murderer just for the sake of profit. Doesn't make sense, does it? Guess you'll have to see it.
B000002UAR|5.0|Whenever I review an album for which I have a huge amount of affection and emotion, I stop and read the lowest-rated reviews first, just to get an idea of how an album has been met with indifference or disdain. It is an educational exercise and I do see some of the complaints about 'Revolver' as valid, though I don't necessarily agree with them. Take the general feeling about 'Here, There, and Everywhere', for example. I find myself agreeing with some of the 'Revolver'/Beatles haters out there when it comes to McCartney's schmaltziness. I think 'Here...' and its hideous sentimentality would be better left off this album entirely and I often skip right past it. As for the rest of the album, it is pure gold in my eyes. I have been listening to this album (in the US format for the most part) for twenty-five of my thirty years and it has not lost any of its magic to me. I still get an emotional response out of McCartney's soulful 'Got to Get You Into My Life' and the manifestation of Lennon's early LSD experiments ('Tommorow Never Knows' and 'She Said, She Said') are absolutely fascinating to me. I simply cannot recommend this recording enough to those interested in becoming informed about a key point (not the only point... but it is a big one) in 1960s popular music. 'Revolver' is the economical (and far leaner and meaner) predecessor to the baroque flourishes found in 'Sgt. Pepper' and for this I find it much more listenable. I really can't tolerate those who take pot shots at the Beatles for taking chances with their music. I don't imagine that singing \\"Yeah, yeah, yeah\\" and playing concerts to fans so loud that they drowned out the band was exactly fulfilling to them. Had they gone into the studio in 1965-66 after abandoning touring forever and came out with another 'Meet the Beatles'-style album full of radio-friendly hits, they'd be relegated to 'flash in the pan' status in perpetuity. I think that they had become aware (consciously or not) that they had the greatest opportunity afforded any rock and roll musician up to that point to create something of lasting value. They delivered. I also don't see this era as a 'transition' period. It is more like a high-point from which they would slowly fall. Post-Pepper, the Beatles became a fragmented group, barely able to be in the same room with each other, much less collaborate genuinely. Pre-'Revolver' was a hectic time to be a Beatle and the result of their recordings in that environment was really spotty. I don't value much of the early days except as a bit of nostalgia. With 'Revolver' you get serious, thoughtful contributions from every member of the band (and if you think Ringo wasn't important here, check the fantastic drum work on 'She Said, She Said'). Harrison was on top of his game, especially because he had McCartney (that's his solo on \\"Taxman\\" by the way) and Lennon to bounce ideas off of. And the main songwriting nexus was still intact enough so that each could get the best out of the other. It was the classic \\"healthy competition\\" that George Martin spoke of between John and Paul which began to disintegrate once Lennon sublimated his own LSD-soaked ego so much that he came off as a slacker next to \\"eager to please\\" Paul. We catch Lennon at a point where acid is something to dabble in. Later he'll appear to subsist on it. Finally, let's not forget who the fifth Beatle was. George Martin's hand is felt all over this album (and Pepper) and hats should be tipped to him for husbanding most of the requests put in by the Beatles for different sound effects, sonic touches and classical arrangments. Without Martin, there would arguably be no 'Revolver', maybe no Beatles at all.
B000002G7E|3.0|Loud distortion and guitar fuzz. That's what you will most likely hear if you lay down the needle of a record player on a random place on the Velvet Underground's second album. Lou Reed, a man who would keep a pattern of destroying his critical and commercial reputation for his entire career was ready to bleed eardrums and let out distorted noise on this album. So much distorted noise, in fact, in turned a streetwise epic, Sister Ray, what could have been four or five minutes of decent music into an unlistenable, unharnessed seventeen minute sonic assault. Fortunately, before that mess, White Light/White Heat delivers something resembling music. The title track continues the distorted, Chuck Berry-ish riffs backing Reed's poetry about drugs and desperation as heard on the Velvet's first album. The Gift and Lady Godiva's Operation are two very witty short stories that go well with the unique musical background and Here She Comes Now is another gorgeous pop tune with all the trimmings. And then the CD just bursts. Of coarse, this is the Velvet Underground, the original alternative rockers. No one wants them to make music to listen to while baking muffins. Still, there is no reason to crack plates. The first side is classic Velvet Underground gold with Reed's artsy songs and the band playing with the knobs on their amps and letting the music roar, while keeping a good sense of atmosphere and coherence, the second side, I doubt many people actually listen to.
B00003CX5P|1.0|Okay, there are those of us who hate this movie (me included). Then there are the people who tell us it wasn't that bad (usually not Star Wars fans). I understand that expectations were high. Basically what it boils down to is that if this was the first movie released instead of Star Wars (Yes, that's the name. NOT A New Hope), would people really think it was any good? Probably not. Would it spawn any sequels? Probably not. I really tried to like this movie for months, but when I ask myself those questions, I realize that this was a really bad movie.
6305165912|5.0|This is all-time favorite movie of all time. It's a non-stop laugh riot. John Goodman is so funny in this movie you would not believe it till you see it. I watch this movie at least once a week because it's so funny. It's 1/2 Kingpin, 1/2 Fargo. You don't even have to go out and rent this movie, you can buy it right now, I can guarantee you'll love it. Yes, it is true it did not do to well in the theaters, but that's because the commercials did not do the movie justice. This movie is a must have, buy it now.
0679746048|3.0|I recommend reading the book first then watching the movie.
0385484518|5.0|To begin appropriately, I have to disclose two things about my experience with Tuesdays with Morrie. First, this book drew me in hook, line, and sinker. It took me about three hours to read. Second, the ending of the book brought me to tears. I can easily label this book the most important book of the 1990's because it addresses so many comtemporary and spiritual issues. For those of you who haven't read the book just yet and find the thought of spending your free time reading a book about a dying old man unappealing, please hear me out. This book isn't about death and dying at all. This book is about LIFE. Morrie Schwartz lived a life worth living, and by half way through the book you will find yourself wishing that you were Morrie Schwartz for maybe just one day. We all wish that we could waltz to Jimi Hendrix in public, create our very own subculture, and have dozens of students visiting by the busload to our deathbeds. What is remarkable about Morrie isn't just that he died a graceful and conscious death, but that he also lived a graceful and conscious life. Several main lessons that I walked away with after reading this inspirational story are 1)teachers are the most important people in our society 2)we need to keep in mind that both the elderly and the dying have a very valuable lesson to share and that we should do our best to make sure they are respected and well cared for 3) life is a precious gift; we need to utilize every single second that we have in our possession. And, yes, that even includes seconds to be a complete weirdo who dances on cue, sings aloud to themselves, and wears clothes that don't match.
0688152023|4.0|I got this book because I need to get in better shape for my Martial Arts class (IMHO Martial Arts and dance have a lot in common), and I love it. The exercises are intense but not necessarily strenuous, and they seem to have a certain meditative quality to them. Hey--if Ballet worked for NFL Hall of Famer Lynn Swan(P.S. There's a workout for Football in this book), why can't it work for me!
B00005JK93|5.0|One of the better things I've seen in my lifetime. If you get a chance to see BOTH the stage production and the film, run--don't walk--and get yourself some tickets. The film is it's own entity and is extremely well-acted and performed over all. Don't miss it or you WILL be sorry!
B00003CXXI|2.0|I went to Shrek thinking it would be a great movie, and came out rather disappointed. Though it had some humour and good music, it had a dull and predictable plot. I found myself practically asleep at the end of it, the humour getting stupider by the minute. I wouldn't see it again or rent it. It was an see-it-once-in-your-life movie, as the humour would bore you to death if you saw it a second time. I'm sure DreamWorks can make better movies than this.
B000002ADT|5.0|I was really hung over one morning @ a friends house when I was in college and she put on what she called &quot;hangover&quot; music. &quot;So What&quot; faded into existence and the pounding in my head didn't feel so bad @ that moment. Sitting on a couch wrapped in a blanket hiding from sunlight and hearing those intro piano chords seemed almost magical. Coming from someone like myself who has always been in the rock camp this was the first jazz record I spent any real time with. To say this CD is a bomb and a half is an understatement. It introduced me into a whole New World of musicians and a language I never heard much of before. I mean it's a best selling CD 40 years later. The music on it has some endearing quality? Something about it sucks you in to its mellow world. This CD is just a brief look at Miles Davis the musician, songwriter and bandleader and only scratches the surface of this man's incredible talent. A must have for everyone.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|This movie had the power to make me see it 5 times. To leave me wanting to see it again, and cursing the theaters for dropping it. It made me laugh with complete joy and cry in utter misery and sadness with each viewing. Simpky listening to the \\"Come What May\\" reprise is heartwrenching, and brings tears to my eyes. I felt Christian and Satine's pain- shared it with them. I fell in love the minute the curtain parted and Toulouse started to sing....\\"There was a boy...a very strange envhanted boy..\\". \\"Moulin Rouge\\" also introduced me to the amazing, fantastic, wonderful, fabulous(insert similar words) acting talents of Ewan McGregor. Since, I have watched Emma, Trainspotting, and StarWars Episode One: The Phantom Menace, and have yet to be disappointed. He really will just take your breath away...and [...] can that boy sing. Nicole Kidman is stunning as the star of the Moulin Rouge- \\"the sparkling diamond\\". You cant keep your eyes off her as she graces the screen with her talent and beauty. Baz has yet another masterpiece on his hands, and I personally cant wait until the Red Curtain Trilogy comes out on DVD, where I here there will be a two-dvd special for his latest and greatest creation. I know I have rambled, but it is only out of love for this film. See it, and be amazed.
B000002MZ9|5.0|What a great album this is. Give Neil Young credit; he will play with anyone and play many styles of music and he almost always pulls it off. He challenges himself here once again by playing with Pearl Jam and it is one of the best pure rock and roll albums I have ever heard. Neil and Pearl Jam sound as if they are having one hell of a good time doing this and we as listeners are the ones that benefit. This sucker really rocks and is similiar to Ragged Glory. This marriage of ideas does take on its' own style though. The sound is muddy but it appears to have been done that way on purpose and here it works well. It has a great garage band feel to it. There is not a bad cut on this thing. Neil just simply continues to amaze me. He is constantly turning out great stuff no matter how old he gets. How many artists can make that claim?
B00005B3Z6|5.0|I'll keep it short and sweet: This is the best depiction of gay characters you will ever see on television or film. Period. Forget the lame-brained, superficial, they-missed-the-entire-point American Showtime version; this is the real deal. If you're not infuriated, saddened, moved or provoked by this show, then you need to check your pulse. And Stuart Alan Jones is the utterly human gold standard by which all gay characters should be judged. He makes Will Truman and Jack McFarland look like cowardly chumps. See this at all costs.
B00004TL2N|3.0|To paraphrase Dr. Johnson, Boulez conducting Bruckner is like a dog standing on its hind legs: it isn't done very well, but you are surprised that it is done at all. Actually, this isn't a bad performance or even an unfeeling one. It would prabably make a good introduction to the score. But to those familiar with the great von Karajan performance, or the fascinating one by Guilini for that matter, it's pretty small potatoes. A lot seems to depend on just how much Boulez is interested at any given point. The exposition and recapitulation sections of the first movement slip by with little notice taken of anything, but the development section is quite fine and atmospheric, the dialogue between oboe and horn quite hypnotic. The &quot;scherzo&quot; part of the scherzo is very light and flippant, almost Mendelssohnian in its gossamer lightness, not at all what this great movement needs (Karajan is wonderfully earthy here), but the trio is beautifully handled (no match for Guilini, though).  It's the slow movement that is most disappointing--slack and tensionless, with little sense of struggle. In the gorgeous &quot;celestial&quot; theme (the one with the harp), the strings are weak and colorless, utterly lacking the otherworldly beauty this passage can suggest. On the other hand, the harp is more audible than in most performances. Worst of all, the series of anticlimaxes that lead to the great climax are performed with little intensity and no sense of struggle at all, making the climax itself noisy rather than triumphant. I would also add that the sound itself is mediocre--clear but constrained, lacking the dynamic range and depth of Karajan's. The difficult finale is well done, but only Karajan captures the stormtrooper terror of the opening theme and the heroic/tragic dimensions of the movement as a whole. All of this makes the performance sound worse than it is, but there's really no middle ground with a Bruckner Eighth. Ultimately, I'd say of this performance what Gertrude Stein said of Oakland: There's no 'there' there.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|Seeing the previews early on, we were impressed with the visual display and that Baz made the film (being a big fan of his Romeo &amp; Juliet). Moulin Rouge is more than just the story of Christian and Satine. It is the story of you. In a very musical-like fashion, you are forced to tell large parts of the story to yourself, without benefit of having it spoon fed to you on the screen. Short visual cues are used to advance significant elements of the plot (such as the scene where the Duke finally learns the truth). Along with other genius ideas, this film constantly invites you into the &quot;real&quot; movie. If you watched the film and got distracted by the glitter and colors and everything spinning around in circles, then you missed the boat. Those people who hated the film all seem to fall into this. Give the film another chance and let it suck you into your soul. If you do not believe in love, then you will also not enjoy this film. The last time I watched it, in a crowd of 30 or so people, not one person got up when the lights came on. When I finally got up (and was the first to leave), many people were crying, everyone else seemed to be in deep reflection. This film will touch you as deep as you will let it. This film, more than any other film I've seen, tells the truth about love, and the magic is undeniable. Watch for the story of Orpheous, watch for the story of the audience, of the duke, and ask yourself what you really saw. Congratulations to Ewan, Nicole, Baz, and everyone else who had a part in the creation of Moulin Rouge. This is cinematic art at its finest.
B00004Z4WR|1.0|After watching it three times (It was all they were showing on the China-US and US-Canada flights! Except for one flight where they showed Chicken Run!), I have to say this is one of the worst movies I've ever seen! Pretty much the entire point was to glorify car stealing and to show off a busty blonde with blowfish-lips. It was so stupid and boring I never got to the end, every single time I just took off my headphones about half-way through and continued to read Lord of the Rings. When a fourteen-year-old girl would rather read Lord of the Rings (looooong...) than watch a movie, you know that movie must be really really awful.
B00005JK93|5.0|hedwig is a moving film that i believe everyone should see. hedwig will manage to make you laugh, cry and just want to sing along (there is actually a sing along in the movie). if you love musicals, 70's glam rock, outrageous plots and wonderful acting and singing this is the movie for you, for anyone for everyone!!! go see this movie today!!!!!
B00005J6UP|5.0|Who could complain? It's about time the Goonies who went their seperate ways almost 16 years ago get back together (like true Goonies do) and reminecse about one of the greatest kiddie flicks of all-time! The DVD is FANTASTIC! It's really great to know that somebody had the fans in mind when making the interactive 3d menus, getting BOTH Cyndi Lauper videos dusted off and on the Dvd, and including the original &quot;Making of the Goonies&quot; documentary (imagine Spielberg without a beard, there ya go). The crowing glory of the DVD however is the reunion of the original Goonies (YES, ALL OF THEM). Coolies that you can see them commentating and watch the movie during certain parts of the film. However, the actual commentation is scant. Key says one or two things but is quiet for the majority of the movie, Sean, although great while he sticks around, leaves halfway through the movie to which Donner and Corey remark he was &quot;captured by One-Eyed Willy&quot; (gee great thanks Sean you a**), Corey is a wealth of knowledge and humor, Director Richard Donner sits there like a bump on a log , Keri Green is great (and still very hot), Martha Plimpton is also a treasure trove of Goonie knowledge, and Josh Brolin is great too. But besides the this-and-that commentary, let's all rejoice that the original Goonies are actually in the same room for all to see, even if it's for only part of the movie! HOoray! This Dvd was worth it! Anamorphic widescreen, remastered! Great Great! Love it! It's good enough!
B00005K3NR|5.0|Sissy Spacek is electrifying as the shy outsider Carrie who possesses incredible powers....sheltered by her uber-religious mother,the equally amazing Piper Laurie,she becomes the target of a very vicious prank on the night of the senior prom....Brian de Palma expertly captures the giddy emotions of teenagers while his innovative camerawork is original and powerful....he would never again attain this expert craftsmanship in his storytelling. He then began imitating HITCHCOCK so much in his desire to become the new master of suspense he lost all his originality and lost the language of cinema that he displayed so well in this film. DRESSED TO KILL is such a rip-off of PSYCHO but it is next best film,followed by BLOW-OUT a clever reworking of Antonioni's BLOW -UP,with the only drawback being the wooden performances of John Travolta and De Palma's wife at the time,Nancy Allen.......
B000003TAW|5.0|This is Weezer's debut release, and probably my favorite. The entire cd is absolutely awesome, and to me atleast it doesn't really seem to get old because i've been rockin' it for years and i still love it. If you've only heard one of the singles from this album such as Buddy Holly or Say It Ain't So don't be afraid to buy the album without listening to the other songs because if you like one of them you're sure to like the rest, they are all of the same great pop rock style you're sure to enjoy. The first track My Name Is Jonas hits hard and leaves you wanting more... The follow up to 'Jonas' is No One Else a song about a controlling boyfriend which leads directly to the next track, The World Has Turned And Left Me Here in which Rivers (singer/songwriter/guitarist) deals with the losing of the girlfriend who had left him as a result of what No One Else is about. The fourth track is Buddy Holly, the ever catchy first single that accounted for much of Weezer's success. Undone (The Sweater Song) follows that up, with it's catchy lyrics and melodic sound it made for another solid hit single. Surf Wax America is the sixth track, another catchy upbeat song that will surely have you wanting to hit the beach in no time. SWA is followed by Say It Ain't So, lyrically deep, it starts off slow but breaks into a strong chorus. Say It Ain't So in my opinion is purely music brilliance, probably my favorite Weezer song. In The Groj' hits hard at number 8, a tale of a teenage loser with only one place he really feels at home, In The Groj' is another great song. Holiday takes number nine, another catchy melodic pop rock tune you're sure to like. The tenth and final track of Weezer - Selftitled (The Blue Album) is Only In Dreams, a nearly eight minute ballad of love and obsession. From start to finish this album is brilliant, a must buy for anyone who has the ability to listen. =w=
6302860253|3.0|This video is actually a movie and performed by part opera singers and others. It appears that this movie is banking mostly on Placido Domingo as the superstar, who undoubtedly sings and performs beautifully and excellently in this movie.There are also Raimondi as Escamillo who sings splendidly in the aria Toreador. However, sadly enough Julia Migenes-Johnson coud not match their excellence, while it is obvious that she is more a good actress rather than a singer. Disappointedly, as in present movies, the romance between Don Jose and Carmen in the tavern, resulted to become a saucy love scene. Whereby the background scenery can be just perfect as it is able to envision the beautiful and enchanting highland and mountains of Spain, which enlivened the tragic and severe world of the gypsies and the band of smugglers. Sadly we missed the continuous beautiful music of Bizet' opera Carmen, which in this movie is cut to only remaining the best arias and choruses. Nevertheless,all the arias that appear in this movie were sung and performed so splendidly by Placido Domingo, Raimondi and the chorus, that we can forget the fact that this video is more a musical based on Bizet' Carmen, a mixture of opera hgihlights and movie performance displayed verbally in acts and words, rather than an opera. People who does not like to watch lengthy opera performances and wants to enjoy some beautiful opera music followed by acting might like this video, but real opera lovers who want to enjoy the excellent and splendid complete opera music and performance would be very disappointed.
B00003CXB2|5.0|<br />As many previous reviewers have done an excellent job of describing the DVD-specific aspects of this item, I'd like to comment on the film itself rather than the physical presentation. <br />Firstly, it has to be said that T.E. Lawrence was a bastard - in several senses of the word.<BR> He was the illegitimate son of a well-to-do Englishman who contributed financially to Lawrence's upbringing - but never had the faintest intention of formally recognising their relationship.<BR> This, at time when class and parentage were key pillars of a totally hypocritical social system, goes a long way to explaining Lawrence's ambiguous feelings about his own identity (he used several different names at one time or another), and even, perhaps, his *allegedly* wavering sexuality. <br />It may also help to explain why Lawrence was so drawn to the vast emptiness of the Arabian Desert, despite his upbringing in England's &quot;green and pleasant land&quot;. <br />In England, Lawrence had little option but to be whatever society made of him. In Arabia he was able to be whatever he cared to make of himself. (Which was no doubt why he had been in the Middle East for quite some time before WW1 started - mainly engaged on archaeological activities.)<BR> The exchanges between Sherif Ali (Omar Sharif) - who starts out taking the traditional view that &quot;It is written...&quot; - and Lawrence's (O'Toole) retort that: &quot;Nothing is written unless I write it&quot; - have several levels of significance. Lawrence's return into the searing heat on 'The Anvil' to rescue Gasim (though indeed based on a real-life incident) also stands as a metaphor for man's place in the universe, the social outsider making his own rules, the contrast between the values of the Arabs and of their European allies, and provides a commentary on the self-made nature of the true 'leader'. <br />The subsequent episode in which Lawrence executes Gasim, in order to prevent a re-emergence of inter-tribal hostilities, likewise has a number of facets. On the one hand it asks again the metaphysical question of how far our lives are predetermined by &quot;fate&quot;. And it also refers us back to the other considerations I just mentioned. To what extent are we all bound to conform to social pressures in the end? How far can any leader, however charismatic, afford to confront the basic beliefs and values of his followers, etc.<BR> It seems to me that the film depicts Lawrence's time as leader of the Arab Revolt as being a major journey of self-discovery, and that this brilliantly understated 'sub-text' is one of the primary reasons why the film has remained so popular for so long. <br />A second, though less subtle, sub-plot is linked to the nature of British Imperialism. <br />When this film was made, most people living in Britain still remembered at least a part of the age of the great British Empire. At the same time, however, with lands and colonies being stripped away at an ever-increasing rate, we were already entering the unknown 'territory' of post-Colonialism. <br />In part this meant a lingering pride in our previous power - when &quot;half the world was coloured red&quot; - but also a growing belief, in some quarters, that our main contribution to the countries we'd ruled had been to rip them off for as much of their wealth as we could lay our little hands on. <br />In Victorian times we had justified our behaviour by elevating Darwinism - and particularly &quot;the Survival of the Fittest&quot; - to the level of both scientific and moral absolutes, thus excusing virtually any amount of disrespect to the natives of those countries we ruled over. <br />With this idea in mind it is interesting to watch the interplay between the quintessential 'white man', Lawrence (even down to the colour of his robes) and the Arab 'hordes'. Note, for example, Lawrence's several announcements that the Arabs shall have this or that because *he* will give it to them.<BR><br />In reality, ofcourse, it was Lawrence who was utterly dependent upon the Arabs for his success.<BR> This contrast of Arab and Westerner hits home hardest, I think, in the scenes in Damascus, both in the Arab Parliament and in the Turkish hospital. <br />The degree to which Lawrence was indeed a tool of the &quot;puppet masters&quot; is made patently obvious as the film draws to a close. In the final scene in Allenby's office we find the General, the Machiavellian civil servant 'Mr' Dryden (brilliantly portrayed by Claude Raines) and King Feisal (Alec Guinness) in conference. It is they who will discuss and determine the future of Arabia, whilst Lawrence is 'bumped up' to Colonel - and shipped home to England (where he can no longer cause any problems). <br />By the way, although, in the film, Lawrence's funeral follows straight on from his return from Egypt, there was in reality a gap of approx. 18 years between the two events, during which he tried hard to escape from his fame by joining the RAF (1922) as J H Ross, a mechanic, then the Tank Corps (1923) as T E Shaw, and back to the RAF in 1925. By the time of his fatal accident he had retired to a country cottage in Dorset. <br />As a Brit. I find the film endlessly enthralling.<BR> The screenplay, by Robert Bolt and Michael Wilson, and David Lean's direction are as profound and intelligent as you will find in ANY film from any country at any time. <br />I wonder how it looks to non-Brits 8)
6305428522|4.0|Almost everything I've seen by Robert Redford bowls me over with its blandness. Remember the aptly titled Ordinary People? Few people seem to any more. Quiz Show was the exception that proved the rule. Although it's overdone in parts, particularly Rob Morrow's role, many of the other actors do such a superlative job here that the film approaches masterpiece status. Ralph Fiennes, John Turturro and, of course, Paul Schofield are three of the very finest actors working today and each is up to his best here. Another performer who has been very good whenever I've seen him, but who seems to be highly underrated, is David Paymer who also brings a subdued intensity to his role as the producer at the center of things. Although the plot, based on the notorious government investigations of the game show frauds of the late 50's, is a bit loose ended, the performance by these four actors is just splendid and overcomes any script shortcomings. It's difficult to imagine Schofield, Fiennes or Turturro needing any direction here. Now, if only Robert Redford could work with them all the time his productions wouldn't be limited to white bread consistency.
B0000024UX|5.0|The &quot;Bridge Over Troubled Water&quot; album was not only a Simon and Garfunkel Masterpiece, it was one of the top popular music masterpieces of the 20th century. The only song the album could have done without was their live cover of the Everly Brothers' &quot;Bye Bye Love.&quot; It's a nice enough rendition, but it distracts somewhat from the sheer genius of Simon's original compositions on the rest of the album, as well as the excellent production values that Simon, Garfunkel and Roy Halee brought to the other ten cuts. Perhaps they included it as a final salute to their fans, because they knew they were about to go their separate ways. In that case it has some historical value. Just as Simon and Garfunkel's earlier &quot;Sound of Silence&quot; anticipated the philosophical angst that formed the undercurrent of student unrest in the late 1960s, so also the &quot;Bridge&quot; LP anticipated the place where that unrest would take the Baby Boomers in the 1970s: into a manic-depressive decade where the passion of unrest dissolved into a pendulum-swing between introspective and hedonistic approaches to relationships. What made S&amp;G's later years different from their earlier ones was that the later lyrical anticipations were accompanied by more consistently brilliant music.
B00004Z459|5.0|Great cd. mix of rap and rock with great sound sampleing
B000001FMC|5.0|It's Better to Travel is an album that's great to listen to or you're a new fan to jazz music. This is a great album in that cool, breezy kind of way. My favorite tracks are Breakout, Twilight World (the reason why I purchased this), After Hours, Surrender and Theme. Something to listen to on a cool autumn morning, but I listened to this throughout the summer which is cool. If you buy this album you won't be dissapointed. If this doesn't move you, you have no soul whatsoever.
B000001YOW|5.0|Porcupine Tree is not an easy band to pigeonhole. They are often casually tagged with the &quot;progressive rock&quot; label, but Steven Wilson &amp; Co. evade that label by embracing experimental forms of music that may or may not hit standard traits of prog rock. Signify captures the band's narcotic quality perfectly, although the edgy guitar rock of the title track does, well, rock! Often concerned with spacious sonic texture, Signify's many instrumental tracks are minimalistic, heavy on atmosphere. &quot;Idiot Prayer&quot; injects dance-beats into aggressive keyboard work. &quot;Light Mass Prayer&quot; is gripping despite its invariability, with simple synth chords sliding through the mix with a hypnotic effect. &quot;Intermediate Jesus&quot; sports some samples from some loony evangelist while the drifting arrangements at once invite curiosity and admiration for the composition's ingenuity. Steven Wilson's beautiful vocal harmonies on &quot;Sever&quot; and &quot;Waiting Phase One&quot; send shivers through me, while the more robust and dense arrangements under the choruses for &quot;Every Home is Wired&quot; and &quot;Sleep with No Dreaming&quot; make for welcome diversity. Closing the album is Wilson's condemnation of the media, &quot;Darkmatter,&quot; punctuated by an entrancing guitar solo that's both beautiful and insistent. If you're looking for something different, try Signify.
B0000073BG|5.0|Renaissance is a band that went through various permutations, the best known being the line up that featured Annie Haslam's soaring, pure vocals, John Tout's considerable piano prowess, Jon Camp's imaginative bass, Michael Dunford on guitar and Terence Sullivan on drums.  This was the second, and longest-lasting lineup of the band.  An earlier lineup had a completely different lineup (how/why they kept the same name is somewhat surprising considering the band had a 100% change in personnel).  A later permutation had Tout and Sullivan replaced by two other musicians.<br />Anyway, the Haslam-led lineup had two phases in their musical styles -- an early, progressive-rock featuring long, complex arrangements of songs influenced by classical composers (particularly Prokofiev) and a later, more pop-oriented style.<br />&quot;Song of Scheherazade and Other Stories&quot; is probably the best of the band's progressive-rock years, and argued by many to be their best overall effort as well.  It opens with &quot;A Trip to the Fair&quot;, featuring typical Renaissance arrangement of piano and orchestral highlights and, of course, Annie Haslam's distinctive, beautifully strong singing voice.  The album's second track, the short &quot;The Vultures Fly High&quot; shows the band making a (then) rare trip to pop arranging.  The final track of the vinyl's side one is the poignant &quot;Ocean Gypsy&quot;, featuring some of the best piano work John Tout turned in.<br />&quot;Song of Scheherazade&quot; took up the entire second side of the album, featuring a suite of songs which told the story of 1001 Arabian Nights in condensed form (if you can call a 24 or so minute effort &quot;condensed&quot;).  This was certainly the highlight of the band's orchestral/classical arranging, featuring an opening fanfare, a soft romantic ballad (&quot;The Young Prince and Princess&quot;), a piano fugue, and upbeat finale (&quot;The Festival&quot;/&quot;Finale&quot;).  From its opening to its ending, thesuite presents a well-formed, cohesive movement that tells of the Sultan's betrayal by his wife and his subsequent dastardly daily wedding and execution, Scheherazade (the heroine of the story) becoming his wife and weaving a magic spell of stories for him which he cannot live without, and the sultan renouncing his ways to live with Scheherazade happily ever after.  This is musical story-telling in the progressive-rock vein at its finest.<br />Not only was this probably Renaissance's best effort to that point, it also marked one of the last progressive-rock dominated albums they'd release.  Their next studio release, &quot;Novella&quot;, was fairly progressive-rock oriented but after that came &quot;Song for All Seasons&quot;, on which the band started moving in a more pop/mainstream direction.<br />Progressive-rock lovers everywhere should get &quot;Scheherazade&quot; and even those whose taste for progressive-lock runs lean will probably appreciate &quot;Ocean Gypsy&quot; for the pure beauty of its melody and arranging, as well as the title track for its overall arrangement and story-telling.
B000006XDR|4.0|Camel were not widely noticed until the release of their third album, THE SNOW GOOSE. The standard line in the history books is to blame this on audience confusion with another band, Frampton's Camel. Perhaps a more honest explanation would be to say that Camel's first two albums just weren't sufficiently distinctive. Certainly the first album, sensibly called CAMEL, isn't much good. MIRAGE was a lot better. The band were beginning to find their own voice, although at times they sounded a lot like Focus. (The lead instrument line-ups of guitar, flute and keyboards were identical.) And when Focus wasn't at the top of their minds, Andy Latimer could sound a lot like his axe hero, Hank Marvin of the Shadows. Throughout their career, Camel's principal message was &quot;Rock can be quite nice, really&quot;. Camel's inoffensive niceness was an antidote to the vigours of Sabbath, Zeppelin and punk. Many of us who went through a Camel phase in the 70s, mistaking their surface attractions and frequent time-signature changes for music that actually meant something. I bought nearly all their 70s LPs. I saw them on the MIRAGE tour -- although the concert adverts used the Camel-as-railroad cover art from the debut album. These were the days when concert tickets cost less than a dollar, and I would imagine that over 95% of the audience at the gig had never heard a note of Camel music before attending. But Camel's mixture of hackneyed rock riffs and sugary flute/organ duets went down well with the audience, all of whom were 13-to-18-year-olds. Many of us bought the LPs, but frankly didn't miss them when we had to sell them a couple of years later because we were hard up. Such is the transitory appeal of Camel. John Tracy's detailed inlay notes for the 1989 CD give almost too much information about the pre-history of the band. We do not need to see the names of all those musicians from Surrey who never made it big. I live in the Leatherhead/Guildford area which Tracy describes, and even this knowledge of the locale does not enhance my appreciation of the sleeve notes. The CD has been nicely remastered, though I'd like to hear more clarity from the bass and drums. The introductory march on track #3, the Nimrodel suite, contains the clearest hints of the direction the band would take with their next album, THE SNOW GOOSE. The final track, 'Lady Fantasy', is a 12-minute epic, a concert rabble-rouser which just about succeeds in concealing the joins between the separate segments which in other Camel tunes often seemed bolted on. Unlike some, I wouldn't describe Camel as 'progressive'. Their music was too likeable on first hearing, which I believe excludes them, by definition, from the category of progressive rock bands. If you like this album, you should also enjoy THE SNOW GOOSE and MOONMADNESS, together with Greenslade's BEDSIDE MANNERS ARE EXTRA. But you should be aiming for FOCUS III, which defined the genre and has never been bettered.even this knowledge of the locale does not enhance my appreciation of the sleeve notes. The CD has been nicely remastered, though I'd like to hear more clarity from the bass and drums. The introductory march on track #3, the Nimrodel suite, contains the clearest hints of the direction the band would take with their next album, THE SNOW GOOSE. The final track, 'Lady Fantasy', is a 12-minute epic, a concert rabble-rouser which just about succeeds in concealing the joins between the separate segments which in other Camel tunes often seemed bolted on. Unlike some, I wouldn't describe Camel as 'progressive'. Their music was too likeable on first hearing, which I believe excludes them, by definition, from the category of progressive rock bands. If you like this album, you should also enjoy THE SNOW GOOSE and MOONMADNESS, together with Greenslade's BEDSIDE MANNERS ARE EXTRA. But you should be aiming for FOCUS III, which defined the genre and has never been bettered.
0064407667|5.0|It is considered rude to laugh at other people's misfortunes, but I am afraid that is exactly what you're going to do when you meet the Baudelaire orphans Violet (who loves mechanics and inventing), Klaus (who loves to read), and Sunny (who loves biting things.) Right from the start, they have all kinds of bad luck, from losing their house in a fire, which would seem terrible to an adult, to getting ugly, itchy clothing, which would seem terrible to a kid. However, there is is also darkly funny humor stirred in, so it's like honey mixed with arsenic, which is a poisonous substance used to kill people. If you don't at least break out into a smile while reading this book, I swear you have no sense of humor whatsoever.
6305470464|5.0|This film tracks several couples at various stages of a relationship (2 beginnings, one married, and one long-married) and their figuring out their own emotional entaglements. All the performances are wonderful, particularly Sean Connery and Gena Rowlands as the long-married couple dealing with a painful, recently discovered secret. Their story was my favorite, because there was a simple honesty in how they talked that revealed more about what marriage is than movies like &quot;Forget Paris&quot; and &quot;The Story of Us&quot;. Angelina Jolie and Ryan Phillipe rock as two people desparately attracted to eachother, but battling their own insecurities to find one another. I also have to mention Jonathan Stewart and Gillian Anderson. Jonathan Stewart is wonderful in this role, as the guy trying to break Gillian Anderson out of her shell, and Gillian Anderson demonstrates in her role as a controlled, shy woman that there's more to her than just the X-File's Scully. Good movie. I think I'll have to buy it.
6304539258|5.0|Whenever you meddle with a film, it carries certain risks. And when it's something as firmly established as a classic as A New Hope (WHAT is up with people calling it Star Wars? The title is A New Hope!), what you do could be seen as bordering on sacrilege. However, George Lucas has just made the film better. I'm not just talking about the improved visuals and audio, but the added scenes just make it feel more complete. When the bounty hunter fires at Han first, it gives us a real shock and makes us realize just how dangerous a situation he is in. The extended entrance into Mos Eisley gives us a much better sense of what the city is really like. Even the despised scene with Jabba only adds to the films brilliance. Most of all, the final Death Star battle is updated with panning shots and close-ups of the pilots' heads from the outside, which stunned me just as much as the entire original film did the first time I saw it. Now where's that DVD, George?
B00003CXS4|5.0|This movie isn't simply a comedy or any other movie. It's a damn good comedy. It has what other movies never had and what other movies can't have. The characters are witty and the story is excellent. It keeps you moving with continuous suspense and comedy at the same time. I think that this movie and the movie Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, are both way ahead of their time in terms of the type of comedy, the type of camera work, the type of everything. And the thing is that, it's very realistic. The editing of the movie must have been tremendously difficut. But the result turned to be excellent. I highly recommend this movie for anyone who wants a good time.
B000000T01|1.0|This film by Jeff Stein has inspired so many imitators - Spinal Tap, MTV, etc.  That the 'ORIGINAL' rock opera 'A Quick One', which was so instrumental in spawning 'Tommy' and subsequently, 'Quadrophenia' is sadly edited out of this tape, is a shame for all.<br />When this film was released, the entire 10 minutes of 'A Quick One' was presented from 'The Rolling Stones Rock and Roll Circus' - a treasured and short lived BBC TV series and which ended up becoming the most pivotal segment in this film.<br />That 'A Quick One' is edited in this tape from 10 minutes to 2 minutes is completely inexcusable.  This rare, live, musical rock treasure of love and forgiveness is gone in this tape - perhaps forever.  <br />Who's responsible?
0451526384|4.0|As a big fan of Austen's, I read this book and wasn't disappointed. All of Austen's trademarks are there: her witty commmentary of the British elite, silly men and women who both exasperate and amuse you, and a good love story. Persuasion is about Anne Elliot, who after breaking off an earlier engagement with Captain Wentworth, is suddenly in his company 8 years later, and longing to rekindle the romance. This book wasn't as fun as Pride and Prejudice, mainly because the struggle between Anne and Wentworth doesn't resonate the same way as that between Elizabeth and Darcy. Neither characters are particularly arrogant (though Wentworth is hostile at being rejected before), but it's still interesting to see how the two will find one another among the silliness of the people and situations around them. Jane Austen just has a way of keeping her reader in suspense, no matter if you feel sure you know the ending. The question is always How will they get together rather than if, and the How here will please any romantic reader satisfactorily.
6304539258|5.0|Whenever you meddle with a film, it carries certain risks. And when it's something as firmly established as a classic as A New Hope (WHAT is up with people calling it Star Wars? The title is A New Hope!), what you do could be seen as bordering on sacrilege. However, George Lucas has just made the film better. I'm not just talking about the improved visuals and audio, but the added scenes just make it feel more complete. When the bounty hunter fires at Han first, it gives us a real shock and makes us realize just how dangerous a situation he is in. The extended entrance into Mos Eisley gives us a much better sense of what the city is really like. Even the despised scene with Jabba only adds to the films brilliance. Most of all, the final Death Star battle is updated with panning shots and close-ups of the pilots' heads from the outside, which stunned me just as much as the entire original film did the first time I saw it. Now where's that DVD, George?
B00003CXN4|4.0|I can't give this film 5 stars becuase it didn't affect me in any way. I saw it in the cinema and completely lost interest about halk an hour into it. It wasen't until I bought it on DVD that I began to apprecieate it more. Don't buy this thinking that it will be a masterpiece, because it's not. It's a very good film, but you will not feel for it. At the Oscars this year, Steven Soderbergh won Best Director for this film, he didn't deserve it, the main star of this film is the editing. Benicio Del Toro also won for Best Supporting Actor - a good performance, but that'a all; not Oscar worthy. I'll say again: Traffic is a very good film, but you will not feel for it or any of its characters...
B00000I1OZ|5.0|I absolutely love this movie!! The unexpected twist makes it even better. The sincerity of Marisa's character, Faith, reminds us that destiny or not, we can find love. Downey's performance was a perfect match with Tomei, the chemisty between them was there. Watching this movie made me realize that anything is possible in Italy, or anywhere we want love to happen at. Makes me want to travel to Italy just to replay the scenes! Watch it and pretend this happened to you and you will realize how great this movie really is!
B0000033IS|5.0|I picked this CD up while looking for an essential Aretha Franklin recording, and I'm soooo glad I did. It's got &quot;Respect&quot;, &quot;I Never Loved A Man&quot; and &quot;Do Right Woman&quot;. These songs send chills up my spine, but my favorite track is &quot;A Change Is Gonna Come&quot;. From the opening notes, I just know that something spectacular is going to follow. I can listen to this CD when I'm happy, sad, or in-between and it just always fits. The album is timeless: pure soul, how it is, and how it should be.
B00005NTNM|3.0|This movie is probably the worst of all the Dirty Harry movies but you gotta admit it is an orginal set-up. First you have Harry Callahan who doesn't seen to work well with others and every partner he has seems to die quick. Give him a partner and that's bad. Make her a woman and then all hell breaks loose. See Harry as he tries to cope with a woman partner and try to stop a bunch of crazy people from threatening peace in San Francisco. This is probably also the most boring Dirty Harry movie also because it seems to take its sweet time getting to where its supposed to be going. Best part: The climax in Alcatraz.
B00000BKE1|5.0|OK, I admit that No Prayer For The Dying had some shortcomings. But folks, this is an improvement! The first two songs &quot;Be Quick Or Be Dead&quot; and &quot;From Here To Eternity&quot; really cook and &quot;Afraid To Shoot Strangers&quot; is one of the most beautiful heavy metal songs ever written. If there are any, and I mean ANY, weak songs on this album, the aforementioned three more than make up for them! And by the way, just because Adrian Smith isn't on the album, doesn't make it a bad one. Janick Gers is a great guitar player, and if you disagree, see if you could outdo him. They've got Steve, Bruce, and Dave on this album, so stop being so juvenile!!
B00003CXCS|4.0|Bought it, loaded it into the DVD system, turned her on and WOW! I first saw the film as a child, and seeing JA do the &quot;spinning nun&quot; thing on the mountain brought back the wonder of musicals. The sound and picture quality are great, you can even here the &quot;brook as it trips and falls over stones on its way&quot;. Absolutely magical. Of course, depending on the time you've got, you can skip to favourite scenes, but I defy you not to just leave the disc running - all these years on the Sound of Music is just wonderful. Watch the extras too. A great selection of material.
1573225517|5.0|High Fidelity houses an ensemble cast of memorable characters. Many of them may seem to be caricatures, but for some that's the point -- to revel in the &quot;types&quot; they portray, and the special and peculiar realm of geekdom that music nerds inhabit. (Think of Phillip Seymour Hoffman in &quot;Almost Famous&quot; to picture the type.) Like his follow-up, the superior About A Boy, in High Fidelity Hornby follows a not-quite-adult man in his thirties as he learns about adulthood. Cocooned inside his music shop, Hornby's protagonist comes to see he is in exile from the world, not living in a castle of his own making. But I make it sound too serious. While there's a lot to think about in High Fidelity, it's also a terrifically funny book, and a quick read, great for the plane or for an afternoon of escapism.
B00005AXEL|3.0|I of course really wanted to like this.  From reading the reviews here I can see that Stevie Nicks is still an exalted goddess in the eyes of many of her fans.  It seems she can do no wrong in their eyes.  I've liked her since the late 70s, but I guess I saw her as more of a rock icon than a singer/songwriter.  <br />Let's face it people, Stevie Nicks is and has never been a great songwriter.  She has written a few beautiful songs, but even those only tapped into basic emotions.  It's not like she plunges the depth of the human soul and spirit like Laura Nyro, Joni Mitchell, or Bob Dylan.  As a songwriter, she's just average.  The songwriting here is especially pointless and unrevealing.  As a singer, she was never *great* but she was always distinctive, passionate, and compelling.  On this album, however, she is impossible to connect with vocally.  I guess it must be due to vocal deterioration.  It's hard to tell, but she is impossible to warm up to here.  <br />One thing I love about listening to songs is that I feel a sense of companionship.  I don't get that sense here at all.  It's almost a little alienating and scary.  If that was Stevie's intention, then I guess I'd have to give this 5 stars!  But I don't think it is.  I don't know what was going through her head while she was singing, but there is nothing to pick up and take with you here.  The only song she seems to possibly get somewhere vocally is &quot;Sorcerer&quot;.  <br />But on the plus side, this album does have interesting production values.  It's a combination of Stevie, Sheryl Crow, John Shanks (used to be, or still is, Melissa Etheridge's guitarist), and a few other folks.  It's nothing new or extraordinary, just very clean and well-layered.  <br />The only song on this album that I truly enjoy is &quot;Too Far From Texas&quot;.  Stevie sings with Natalie Maines (of The Dixie Chicks), who certainly has another voice that is hard to warm up to.  But, very interestingly, they work well together here when they sing in harmony.  I'm positively shocked by reviews here that say this song is &quot;too country&quot; (excuse me????).  It's funny how Waddy Wachtel's raunchy guitar licks still make people think of Linda Ronstadt and SoCal country/rock songs he played on in the 70s.  (But even those were far from being &quot;too country&quot;!  Get a clue, folks.)  &quot;Sorcerer&quot; is a pretty good song, with Stevie at least occasionally trying to move away from the note she stays in through almost all of the album.  &quot;Love Changes&quot; already sounds a bit dated (as do many songs featuring drum machines and electric piano).  &quot;Bombay Sapphires&quot; allegedly features Macy Gray, but good luck trying to find her voice back there somewhere.  <br />All in all, an average album.  It could have been better if Stevie at least sang with some passion.  But I just could not find it or feel it.  Hoping for better luck next time.
B00004Y6Q5|5.0|This soundtrack stirs the depths of my soul with it's reverberating melody that has to haunt even the hardest of hearts. Of course, the film itself speaks in one of the most horrific tones I've seen in ages. More poetic, it's graphic nature mixed with a startling beautiful melody, the film is more artistic in nature than Hollywood material. The music is the poetic rhythm to a poetic stanza (the film). The Kronos Quartet makes every second of this rhythm infiltrate the listener's ears, spirit and mind. It stays with you and is not easily forgotten. This orchestration is easily termed the best score for any film I've ever seen. And I've seen a lot of films!
B00004TH7Z|5.0|This is my favorite album, period. Nothing can even touch this album in any aspect. There is absolutely no complaint that you can make about this album. I will go over all of the aspects of this album. Vocals: All I can say is &quot;Bruce is back!!!!!&quot; I am so glad that Maiden is back. To come back in such fashion with guitarist Adrian Smith is amazing. It is just like the old days again, only with better recording,better equipment, and frankly, better musicians. The best musicians. Guitars: Wow! A three guitar symphony crunches out melodies that most people don't even notice. Only a trained ear can see the genius in the guitar melodies. Bass: Steve Harris is again inhuman. He only ads to the guitar symphony with his guitar-like style. Drums : This is by far Nicko's best performance. He sounds so good in this album. Iron Maiden didn't sell out like many bands from the 80's did. Also they don't need to put out three albums a year to stay trendy, and therefore not lose their fan base like Limp Bizkit. MTV is the only reason bands like Limp Bizkit exist. I can't stand trends. They make me want to vomit. I would wait 15-20 years for another Maiden album to come out. They would be old men and incapable of producing the same caliber of music, but that isn't the point. The point is that I will be listening to Maiden in 15 years. They will never die out because they are superior musicians and never follow trends. They already have their fan base and are happy with it. Expanding their fanbase to the trendy crowd would be out of the question. Most of the trendy crowd doesn't even know Maiden exists because whatever is on MTV dictates what they listen to because today's youth is excessively visual. They are too lazy to go out there and find the music that they really like so they just do what everybody else does. So be it. Maiden could'nt be in a better position. They are smart, talented musicians who know what they are doing. I have more respect for them than any other band still around today. Do them a favor; if you are suceptible to trends, don't listen to Maiden, but if you appreciate music for what it is, you should already be a huge Maiden fan.
B000003TAB|5.0|As I look over some of the reviews i'm suprised at how low the rating of this album is. I suppose most out-take compilations albums are not as critically acclaimed but i feel this one shows the true Nirvana. Like most compilation albums the songs are not as polished as a regular release but this works very well for Nirvana since their music isn't meant to be over-produced anyway. I also like this album because it has songs on it that weren't meant to be big number 1 hits. Although the whole album is great, I prefer the latter half of the album (tracks 9-15). I especially like two songs you would never could hear on Nevermind,&quot;Mexican Seafood&quot; and &quot;Aero Zeppelin&quot;. It is a bit like their debut, Bleach, but with a little more maturity (i guess thats the word i'm looking for). This album also has great liner notes from Kurt (or Kurdt) Cobain himself. Of all the Nirvana albums (yes, even Nevermind included) this is their best sounding. It is not untill now, in this drought of good music, that i realize how much i miss the music of Kurt Cobain. Incesticide maybe not be as chart topping as Nevermind but for my money, this is the one to get.
B000002J29|5.0|One of my foavourite Genesis albums, featuring great songs live, recorded in Paris 1977. Disc 1: With the exception of &quot;Firth of Fifth&quot;, all the songs are better than the studio versions. Chester Thompson is a great drum-player, and I think he should have been added permanently to the Genesis cast. Phil Collins, although less performatic than Peter Gabriel, connects better with the audience, driving them crazy in the opening &quot;Trick of the tail&quot; songs. &quot;Afterglow&quot; is amazing as always, but I like the &quot;Three sides live&quot; version better. &quot;Musical box - closing section&quot; NOW! NOW! NOW! NOWWWWWWWWW! Wonderful, I feel like smashing everything in my sight when I listen to it, in pure joy. Disc 2: &quot;Supper's ready&quot; TWENTY FIVE MINUTES OF ECSTASY, specially that part &quot;Feel your body melt Mum to mud to mad to dad Dad diddley office, Dad diddley office, You're all full of ball...&quot; Delirious. An amazing album, specially if you like to listen to different versions of songs you like.
B00003CXSP|3.0|I never expect a movie to live up to the novel that inspired it, so the fact that &quot;Silence Of The Lambs&quot; actually achieved this was remarkable. So it was inevitable that Hannibal would not live up to this standard, so instead I'll try to concentrate on Hannibal on its own terms. Hopkins is once again excellent as Hannibal, and Moore does a credible job in the unenviable task of filling Jodie Foster's shoes. She doesn't show the charm and vulnerability that Foster displayed in &quot;Lambs&quot;, but she's playing a hardened FBI agent with 10 years of experience rather than a raw, young recruit. The other characters are one dimensional, but they were in the novel as well. I seem to be one of the few who actually found the ending of the novel satisfying. Hannibal is a horror story, and the ending of the novel is the most horrifying scenario imaginable. I understand why Hollywood rejected it, as it required far more character development of both Starling and Hannibal than a two hour movie could possibly provide. Even so, the movie ending would have benefited from some of the deleted scenes to make it more credible. But in its own way I thought the movie ending worked. I miss several of the characters from the novel (Mason's sister, Starling's roommate, her FBI mentor Jack Crawford) and the demotion of Barnie to a bit role, but understand the necessity of narrowing the focus. But the biggest problem with the movie is that it fails where the novel succeeds in making Mason the pure evil character and Hannibal the sympathetic (if still monsterous) character. The movie shows Mason motivated purely by revenge and only briefly touches on his child abuse. The movie follows the book's dialog where Mason says he has reformed and found religion, but does not then go on to show that even now he is far more cruel and brutal than Hannibal. Since I have read the novel I can't say how this movie works on its own terms. As a novelization of a book I really enjoyed, I give it three+ stars.
B000002IG4|5.0|Hello, I must be going is the best Collins' solo album, and only his second work without Genesis. Maybe the fase he was going through (divorce and all) made him more sensitive, and the result is an album with ten great songs. The horns came to add up to Phil's melodious songs and meaningful lyrics. In this album there is the song I think is the best in Phil Collins' solo carrer, &quot;I cannot believe it's true&quot;, a five-minute happy lament, if there could possibly exist such a thing. &quot;Do you know, do you care&quot; and &quot;I don't care anymore&quot; are two very similar songs, which show the rage fit Collins was going through, and are very powerful. All other songs are great, specially &quot;Like China&quot; and &quot;It don't matter to me&quot; and the only one I don't like that much is &quot;You can't hurry love&quot; but that's not his song anyway. This work is so much better than &quot;Both sides&quot; and &quot;Dance into the light&quot; (which I think are good albuns, anyway), that I wonder if Phil works better when someone ruins his life.
078322804X|5.0|This movie is a riot. I've watched it a number of times and it still cracks me up. It's slapstick at it's best. I think it was Belushi's finest piece of work. It's definately a movie you want to keep in your collection. The bonus features are an added touch. It's a series of interviews relative to the film and it's people. A tribute to the talent on the old Saturday Night Live.
B000002J1O|5.0|I really shouldn't be doing any review of Genesis'albums because I plainly love them all, since From Genesis to Revelation to We can't dance. Selling England by the pound is simply a masterpiece. It's the next to last Genesis album with Peter Gabriel. At that time, Genesis made their albums in a mix of music and theatre (more explicit in The Lamb Lies Down on Braodway), and the result is considered one of the best among the &quot;progressive rock&quot; bands, a label I think Genesis shouldn't deserve, because they don't sound only progressive. For example, Firth of Fifth has a classic style, particularly in the opening and middle sections. In &quot;I know what I like&quot; we have disturbing sound variations that contribute to make this song unforgettable. &quot;More fool me&quot; is kind of a soft-pop song, the first effort in the vocals by Phil Collins, and we can see the kid already has potencial. This album is an epic of the rock in the seventies. Genesis was a group able to group some of the very best musicians of their time, and they played heartly, they knew what they were doing and they didn't care if no one else liked it. In my opinion, Peter Gabriel has one of the best voices in the metier, he had it then and has it now, it's kind of a soft lament, and he sings with his soul, emotively. Rutherford is an average bass-player, but he's a very capable composer, his songs are a little bit strange but among his contributions to the Genesis' albums over the years we can count several of their best songs. I don't think I really need to comment on Banks'playing. He can alternate his synthetizer from acid to something that would make Celine Dion cry. Steve Hackett is a virtuose in Eletric Guitar, it's a pitty he didn't stay with Genesis to long, but we can see his best work with Genesis in &quot;A trick of the Tail&quot;. And Phil Collins is one of the best drummers I've ever seen, I think maybe the fact that he's left-handed added something special to his playing, I've got to do a research on left-handed musicians. Although I think the Collins-fase Genesis was better, more enjoyable, I have to bow my head to this album, wich I place in second-best Genesis album, losing only to &quot;We can't dance&quot;, believe it or not.I've got to do a research on left-handed musicians. Although I think the Collins-fase Genesis was better, more enjoyable, I have to bow my head to this album, wich I place in second-best Genesis album, losing only to &quot;We can't dance&quot;, believe it or not.
B00005A1PR|5.0|I had never even heard of India Arie until I saw her perform as the opening act for Sade in late July. Her youthful exuberance combined with an incredible voice and songs that make you want to relax and groove influenced me to purchase this CD. I was not disappointed - it is just as good as LIVE! Plus, realize that India Arie plays guitar as well, so she is doubly talented. I was very impressed and am very happy with my new CD.
B000002J2B|5.0|This is one of the less known Genesis albums, but it contains my favourite Genesis song. &quot;One for the vine&quot; , in my opinion is the best of their songs. Although it has ten minutes, every time I listen to it I don't seem to feel time pass, so absorbed I am listening. The song lyrics is based on the devotion of an army to its general, and tells us how they willingly sacrifice to him during a war. &quot;One for the vine&quot; begins slowly, then starts to improve the pace as the army finds its enemy and engage in battle, and that part of the battle turns the music into a dancing frenzy, with Collins' drums and Banks'synthetizer completing each other in a crazy way, only to get to Hackett's melodious guitar after the war is over. Every time I listen to it in the car I'm in a serious risk of a fender-bender. &quot;Eleventh earl of Mar&quot; has similar characteristics, but not so great. &quot;Your own special way&quot; is great, and I disagree with those who think it's the first step in Collins' dominion over the band with his peculiar melodic style. Let's not forget &quot;Ripples&quot; in the previous album, which is also excellent (both &quot;Ripples&quot; and &quot;A trick of the tail&quot;). our own special way&quot; is emotive, is well-constructed and shows Genesis can do any kind of music they want. The final song, &quot;Afterglow&quot; is a potential emotional bomb that explodes midway with a fantastic effort by Collins singing &quot;... now I lost everything I give to you my soul...&quot; Pure poetry!
B00003CXDZ|5.0|Moulin Rouge was a 2 hour freight train, that continually flew at you with no hint of stoping. Being a musical you have to allow for the characters to break out into song and dance. But the music is amazing, renditions of Madonna's &quot;LIke a Virgin&quot;, the Police's &quot;Roxanne&quot;, Elton John's &quot;Your song&quot; and many more allow the film to be open to all age's. And be enjoyable just for simple recognition. Nicole Kidman and Ewan McGregor where fantastic. Nicole sings with the elegance of a Maralyn Monroe(literally ) , and the range on Ewan tops that of the great David Bowie. Completely surprising. The story is full and dramatic. The music adds to the climatic points of the film. Baz Lehrman is a genious. He tells you that your one out of two main characters are dead in the first five minutes of the film. But he is still able to bring full emotion when you are incapable of tearing your eye's away from the screen as the character die's. This is one of the most wonderful current films. When a world full of general public are all forming together and enjoying film like &quot;Tomb Raider&quot;, and &quot;Jurassic Park III&quot; , the real film fans out there have Baz Lehrman.
B00005JKES|5.0|...it is a rare treat to get your hands on episodes (no easy task at the local video store). This series enjoys an incredible soundtrack-- Lynch being a fanatic for strange and beautiful sounds. If for no other reason someone could make a pile of money from DVD's. Please hear our cry's and get this on DVD now! ~Gabe
6300246787|5.0|I really enjoy this film. The songs and dances are wonderful. &quot;Hello Dolly!&quot; is defintly one of my favotite musicals. It's really colorful. I highly recommend it.
B00005ATQD|1.0|I'll keep it simple. Don't waste your time. This was the worst movie that it has ever been my displeasure to view in a theater. By the end of the show I wanted to strangle whoever it was banging on that [...] piano! If someone other than Kubrick had done it would have went the straight to video route.
6305622930|3.0|Hello, Patton is an excellent film covering several years in the life of one of the U.S. Armys most competent war fighting officers. I would like nothing less than to be able to give this film five stars, but there were two key faults with this product that prevent me from doing so. The first is a historical/technical detail that I simply couldnt over look, namely, the tanks and armored vehicles used in this movie are of a type that never were actually used during the second world war. This should not cause a problem for anyone watching the film for its acting and character qualities, but it really stood out blatantly to me and made it difficult for me to be drawn into the film as a World War II picture. This issue stood out even more to me because both the U.S. and German armies were using U.S. manufactured tanks and vehicles in this film (U.S. made M-47s and M-60s respectively I believe). Being a student of military hardware since childhood, seeing these tanks where history would have placed Shermans and Panzers or Tigers was very distracting. One point in the film that really pointed this issue out was when a U.S. halftrack drove past the burning wreckage of a German halftrack and the only difference between the two vehicles was the color of the paint! The second issue I had with this movie pertains to the DVD. During playback, the movie stuttered often and eventually would not play at all. I returned my disc and requested an exchange assuming I had gotten a bad disc. However, upon receipt of my replacement disc I noticed many of the same problems. Specifically, chapter selection from the main menu did not work on either of the discs. I have had no such problems with other DVD discs. All in all, though putting up with the poor playback and nonfunctional features of the DVD was annoying, and seeing armies composed of the wrong equipment was distracting, I still thoroughly enjoyed the film and am glad I own a copy of it to watch when ever I choose. (At this point, I need to put a plug in for my favorite WWII flick, Kellys Heroes, not a historically accurate work, but a hell of a lot of fun to watch!)
B00005K3OT|5.0|This was simply a very enjoyable movie, and I didn't yawn once. I was also extremely grateful that it lacked the usual trappings of today's film: overserious drama, gratuitous violence, and/or over-the-top artsy-fartsiness. (The latter which I was actually expecting and was almost reluctant to see this film because of)I felt as though the film conveyed its message in a most pleasing way to all senses, and left us with a little bit of food for thought without sounding like an after school special. The visual appeal of the film has impact, as well as the acting which is good across the board. The soundtrack was a pleasant treat as well...I was surprised and pleased to hear Django Reinhardt's &quot;Minor Swing&quot; used in this film....it is a sublime tune and it matched the feel of the story. An interesting thing to note is that Johnny Depp is really playing guitar on the track....he's not too shabby at all I may add. But the really highlight for me was Judy Dench's exquisite performance as a crabby but good hearted old woman. Her veteran skills are wielded as sharp as an arrow in this film as she succeeds in making a minor character leave as strong an impact as all of the other characters combined. Oh, and the kangaroo was really cool too.
0812931017|4.0|In this book, Richard Branson describes his childhood, adolescence, and his philosophy. It talks of how he started when he was 16 in the business world, as an independent magazine editor that had to use tricks to get advertisement for his publication, to a succesful businessman. It also tells how he has changed through the years, and how he has managed to have succesful ventures in different types of business, beating the established monopolies. Richard Branson keeps the reader interested until the end, and doesn`t bore you with useless facts and numbers. It`s worth the time &amp; money spent on reading it. This book shows us that you don`t need to be a supergenious to be succesful. You just have to be interested, willing to sacriface and to risk yourself, and the owner of a great charisma.
B00004WGYA|5.0|I'm sure it sounds better than the previous CD release but one would have to listen closely to notice. The gatefold cardboard sleeve with a booklet in one side and an inner-sleeved CD in the other side is brilliant. More room for artwork and much nicer to hold than a plastic case. This is how all CD's should have been packaged from the start. The booklet has lyrics and a different Nagel picture that I believe only saw the light of day previously as the cover for the Japanese Rio 7-inch. Enhanced CD features are always a plus.
B00003CX9E|3.0|This film about the life and times of an 18th century sugar farmer doesn't really live up to the hype. Perhaps if the time period interests you, however, you might find something enjoyable in it. The costumes are incredibly lavish and, I would assume, authentic of the time. The newly released DVD version of the title is filled with extra stuff...including a previously unrealeased interview with Big Daddy Kane. So if this is your thing, the purchase of this DVD may be well worth the money. If not, check out the sequel, Raising Cain.
0385493622|5.0|I'm not a book commenter type, in fact its my first book comment, but I was just compelled to write how good I thought this was, especially for a math book. Even though I saw the movie on Wiles beforehand, I kept reading captivated to get to the end and see how it ended even though I saw the movie about Wiles proving Fermat's theorem. The book wasn't overwhelming in the math, in fact, the book was great just skimming the math and reading the really entertaining story of the history of math, to the Fermat notorious theorem, and what turns into the legend of Andrew Wiles by his limitless courage against what seemed impossible doing what so many have failed to do before him, proving Fermat's theorem forever. Its a great story overcomming adversity which will probably inspire you in your struggles, even in other sujects besides math, and even to life in general. If your thinking about getting it I would (and did) plus, the price is right. &quot;Wiles the wiley, persistence of astonishment, your one of the greats now - Immortal for all time!&quot;
0345440757|4.0|This book was very helpful, though I don't agree with everything the author suggests. Parents and expectant parents also will want to read the amazing and true life `Baby ER'
B00003CXSP|4.0|I thought &quot;Silence of the Lambs&quot; did just fine all on it's own. This movie was great as far as suspense (the characters trying to keep one step ahead of a madman that is one step ahead of them). The ending disturbed me. It got to a point that I couldn't watch, I was so grossed out. At any rate, Anthony Hopkins is spectacular (of course). I didn't think Julianne Moore was too bad. Ray Liotta played, very well, the guy you love to hate. In general it's not a bad movie, but I don't think a sequel is really a sequel if the same leading actors aren't used for the main characters, Jodie Foster reallly should have came back as Clarice.
0451163540|5.0|Read the book. Not only because it is one of the best book Ken Follet wrote, but because you will learn more about clonning. It is absolutely thrilling and suspensful that you may find it hard to rest until you're done.
B000003NA4|5.0|When I first listened to the CD, I was dissappointed. I was expected something more up tempo. When I forced myself to listen to it again, I was pleasantly surprised with the mood altering tunes because I was more receptive (listening without expectation). I was taken aback when I noticed that I could actually hear Diana breath through some of her vocalizations, even hearing her part her lips. This is a very intmimate listening experience and really puts Diana right next to you, performing a personal concert, singing only for you. In retrospect, the selection of music is perfect. Highly recommended.
B00000IPAX|4.0|This album is punk rock. Every song is so good. Except the singles. What's my age again, adams song, and all the small things suck. listen to the other stuff besides that. every other track is good. buy the other blink cd's. but this is a really good one you should all check out
6305079811|5.0|I saw glimpses of the old Buck Rogers and Flash Gordon series when I was younger. This one brought them to the modern screen in a glitzy, comic book style that branded it a classic for me. It's on level with clean kid's entertainment, so don't think it will be recommended as some flashy hip-hop hood romp. Similar to Master of the Universe (the Movie) if on a higher level.<br />What some people will find interesting is that Geroge Lucas began Star Wars as nothing but a MODERN RENDITION OF THE OLD CLIFFHANGER SERIES! In fact, his notes started out pretty much as Buck Rogers/Flash Gordon: generals saving princesses and visiting strange planets and so on. His goal was nothing less than to bring the old serials back to life. Years of evolution and (without a doubt much input by uncredited people) actually changed Star Wars to the format it is known as. (And he also incorporated many other themes, especially Japanese samaurai movies).<br />After seeing Star Wars and reading the annotated scripts about how he developed it, it then became obvious why the old Flash Gordon series had planets of ice and forest and jungle and desert, and why Star Wars also had planets of ice and jungle and forest and desert.<br />And yet both movies are (thankfully) different enough to where the similarities do not easily come out. If you are a scholar, check out the old black and white series. The Flash Gordon series itself begins with text floating into the distance to introduce the different episodes of each series. That in the 1930s!...
6305909326|3.0|Roman Polanski is without a doubt one of the great directors. His contribution to the genre has not been inconsiderable, having included masterworks like the madness point-of-view film Repulsion (1965) and the highly influential Satanic impregnation film Rosemary's Baby (1968), as well as the lesser known but highly absorbing identity-exchange horror film The Tenant (1976), and one non-starter, his heavy-handed venture into knockabout comedy, The Fearless Vampire Killers/Dance of the Vampires (1967). It is almost impossible to discuss Polanski without ever referring to the shadow his personal life casts - the tragic murder of wife Sharon Tate by the Manson Family in 1967 and his enforced flight from the US in 1980 to avoid charges of having sex with a thirteen year-old girl. And seemingly as though banished from Hollywood and the cinematic mainline, Polanski's career since 1980 has languished in a backwater, lacking the brilliance of his earlier work. There was the standout of Death and the Maiden (1995), but the majority of Polanski's work has been generally forgettable efforts such as Pirates (1986), and Bitter Moon (1992). The Ninth Gate is Polanski's long awaited return to the genre. Polanski has called it his \\"Rosemary's Baby meets Eyes Wide Shut\\", and has also alluded to his admiration for The Saragossa Manuscript (1965). The Eyes Wide Shut analogy seems a contemporary comparison more than anything else. Like Eyes, Gate features conspiracy societies that lavish in occultic ceremony in scarlet and black hooded robes. But with Eyes Wide Shut, Stanley Kubrick was really deconstructing a whole lineage of secret conspiracy society films rather than being one in itself. Gate does come close to Eyes's image of the robed society really being bored social elite dressing up in that it does briefly make contrast between sinister robed societies and a real Satanism, accusing them of only being play Satanists. Gate also include occasional elements of Saragossa with Polanski playing oddly convoluted games of synchronicity as the illustrations from the book start to play out in actuality. And certainly there is the connection to Rosemary's Baby in that both are films about Satanism, although both are also quite different stories. The film that Gate in fact most resembles is Angel Heart (1987) - both films feature an unbeliever on an detective trail involving the occult for a mysterious wealthy benefactor of dialbolic connections in which each contact made in the course of the investigation keeps getting killed. One was hoping that &quot;Gate&quot;would be a much welcomed return to form for Polanski. But while not a bad film by any means, it sits along there with Pirates as one of Polanski's not-quite-rans. It lacks the absorbing directorial flourishes of films like Repulsion, The Tenant or MacBeth. Certainly there is a good deal of accumulating suspense and paranoia familiar to Polanski films like Rosemary's Baby and The Tenant - sinister images of people watching, a pair of feet outside the window of Russo's basement shop dropping a cigarette as they depart and another pair coming and stomping it out - which gives the film a quite engrossing atmosphere. And it is also filled with intriguingly offbeat background characters - the peculiarly friendly twin brothers who finish each other's sentences; the Baroness's butch secretary; the sinister bodyguard with the dyed-blonde hair; the wheelchair-ridden baroness and her casual mention of bored depravities; and of course the enigmatic, supernaturally-empowered figure of Emmanuelle Seigner's apparent guardian angel. But Polanski, while absorbing one, never really ever gives any of the atmosphere the opportunity to play off in a big flourish. You can't deny the film has you quite enwrapped by the end, but the end is where Polanski oddly falters. We see Depp go off to complete the mystery but the film comes to an inconclusive halt. Deliberate ambiguity is left hanging about exactly who Seigneris. And the final image of Depp departing off through the titular gate in a blaze of light drops a frustrating curtain across the show and keeps its transcendent mysteries all deliberately off-stage. Rating: 3 out of 5 Grade: B- 85%
0060934913|4.0|This is a good book that should be read poolside. Ya gotta agree with his description of vegitarians as people scared of life.
B00005J6UP|5.0|I went out on my first date with my husband because he told me in passing one day that his favorite movie as a kid was &quot;The Goonies&quot;.  Since it was mine too (along with &quot;Willy Wonka&quot; and &quot;The Neverending Story&quot;) I knew we'd be a hit.  9.5 years later, we are thrilled to get this movie on DVD to share with our kids. Way to go, Warner Brothers!
B00005LKIM|2.0|Just rented this one today - just goes to show you can't improve on perfection. As usual, they should leave well enough alone, but of course Hollywood could never do that! I would have to agree with a number of other reviewers who mention &quot;parody&quot; in several scenes. The climactic &quot;dinner&quot; scene near the end was absolutely laughable! Good maybe for a rent, just don't buy it.
B00003CXSP|5.0|I was gripped by the book when I first read it. Unfortunately, I missed the theatrical release of the movie, so I eagerly anticipated the DVD release to see Ridley Scott's realization of the novel. I was not disappointed, since the atmostphere, characterization, acting was first rate and followed closely the book. My only disappointment was that Scott changed the ending. The bottom line is.. if you don't like the book, you won't like the movie. If you love the book, I think you'll love the movie. The 2-disc DVD is outstanding. The special features, deleted scenes, and other features make this one of the best DVDs I have purchased to date. I would have loved to see an extended branching version of the movie with the deleted scenes inserted, but I guess you can't have it all. Who knows - they might do that for a future release of the movie. The audio (DTS 5.1, and Dolby Digital 5.1) is first rate, with a fully enveloping surround sound experience. The video quality is also first rate. Buy this DVD if you love the book.
B000002NG7|5.0|From ANGEL DUST, to KING FOR A DAY, FOOL FOR A LIFETIME, and finally to ALBUM OF THE YEAR, Faith No More usually has put out my favorite albums of each respective year. (1989's THE REAL THING finished a close second to the Beastie Boy's PAUL'S BOUTIQUE.) The best band with the worst luck went out in style with this one, as Mike Patton worked out his vocal cords to full effect, and the whole band came along for the ride after two unevenly balanced (but still f'n brilliant) albums. Although lacking the raw power of ANGEL DUST, which remains the peak of FNM's talents, ALBUM OF THE YEAR manages to barely surpass KING FOR A DAY with a flourish. &quot;Ashes to Ashes,&quot; &quot;Stripsearch,&quot; and &quot;Last Cup of Sorrow&quot; are among the group's best work (which makes them some of the best songs of the 90's, naturally,) and even with the mighty Mr. Bungle and Fantomas still around for all of us who need a Mike Patton fix, Faith No More will be sorely missed by all who cherish original, uncompromising, INTELLIGENT rock music. Whether they ever play together again or not, Mike, Roddy, Billy, and company were able to put out four consecutive gems before they called it quits. That's more than one can say for dozens of bands that sell a hell of a lot more albums. (But that's an MTV issue, which means it has nothing to do with actual music.)
B00005BJ2O|4.0|This is a great CD!! Even though I can't stand Lil' Kim, Pink, Christina, &amp; Mya, I do like &quot;Lady Marmalade&quot; a lot. But, I'm upset the CD doesn't have &quot;Like a Virgin&quot;, &quot;Zidler's Rap&quot; and &quot;The Show Must Go On&quot;. I was laughing so hard when Zidler was singing &quot;Like a Virgin&quot;. Hopefully, they'll do a second volume--like what they did w/ the &quot;Romeo + Juliet&quot; soundtrack.
044022165X|5.0|Summers are hot in Memphis, and the sweat is sticking to Rudy Baylor's shirt. His creditors are biting at his heels and the future's not looking too good. Once he had ideas of breezing his way through law school and jumping on the dollar train to anywhere. Now he doesn't even have a job. He's grasping at straws, and one of them is a smoking-related insurance dispute. The family are poor and Rudy Baylor struggles to file the lawsuit. In a novel heavy with suspense and legal shinnanekins, Rudy eventually gets to court and finds himself against a heavyweight corporate defense team. That's when he discovers he's in way over his head, facing a nightmare of lies and legal maneuverings. What started as a small insurance claim explodes into a million-dollar war of nerves that could even cost the young lawyer his life. Rainmaker is not Grisham's finest book, but it's certainly not his worst. At his worst, Grisham can pick up three stars from anyone. At his best, ten stars is not enough. This novel fits easily into the five star category. On the final page, it leaves a satisfied reader and an author who has met his commitment to deliver the goods.
B00003CXP1|5.0|I believe my title says all you need to know about this film!!
0802136834|5.0|The best of Weir's books, this telling of the notorious Henry Tudor brings his entire court (and courtships!) to vivid life... Interesting storytelling and characterization, with plenty of lavish details, make this page turner an absolute must-have for your library.
0393317552|1.0|This book takes one chapter worth of material on a very interesting subject and repeats it over and over to the point where the reader is bored sensless. I couldn't even finish the thing. I learned from this that the Pulitzer prize is no mark of excellence. Don't waste your time.
1586210661|5.0|This book was one of the best collections of short stories I have ever read. Sedaris writes with a wit that I have rarely seen and brings incredible self-depricating humor to this book. His attempts to learn French are hysterical as are the reported quirks of his family members. In their quirks, and his as well, one is really reminded of the insanity that even seemily normal people take part in. I laughed outloud constantly and found this a very touching and funny book. For those of you who want a comparison to his earlier book Naked, I find it was consistently better. Naked had just a few duds in it, but Me Talk Pretty was consistent story by story. Simply excellent!
6301967984|5.0|Hey if you want a good laugh,watch this film, it's like watching Funniest Homes Videos, I mean it. You will enjoy it so much, I garentee. You will laugh so hard, it will feel like your stomach is falling apart. This is a film for the whole family, including small kids. I played it at my daughetrs 5th-b-day party, it was funny,lol! Bye
0385335482|5.0|For those of you out there who have known the &quot;urge to splurge&quot; this is a book that no only you will relate to, but it will make you laugh outloud. The adventures in this book are hysterical and remind me of Bridget Jones, but in my opinion, are funnier. If you are looking for a light summer read, with comedy and a little romance and disaster sprinkled in you will love this one!
B00000I3JM|5.0|OK, hands up if you have sung the first line to this album and then tried to 'sing' the bass line that immediately follows it? This is the kind of album that does that to you. Strange noises, carefully structured songs and built with such skill that this album will always stand the test of time. I've had it forever (although never on CD) and hopefully always will. Teenage summers in Scotland were built on music this good.<br />&quot;I walk across the rooftops, dum dum dum dum-dum&quot; - magnificent.
B00003CXDZ|1.0|I couldn't stand this movie, nor could my friend who was with me. We got up and left after about 15-20 minutes. It was loud, gross and the story line stunk. If I had not been to the original Moulin Rouge in Paris in 1994 I would have never gone to see the movie. I was grossly disappointed.
B000002572|5.0|It's almost exactly 25 years to the day since this CD (or album back then) was originally released and it still holds up as one of the greatest works ever released by any rock and roll band. I remember sitting in a parking lot in September of 1976 in Van Nuys, CA with a friend in his Chevy Blazer when &quot;More Than a Feeling&quot; first came on the radio. We looked at each other much like Paul Newman and Robert Redford in the movie &quot;Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid&quot; when they repeatedly said to each other, &quot;Who are those guys?&quot; The songs, the production, the engineering, and the incredible harmonies with the guitars all make this a very, very special CD. To me this CD was (although on a smaller scale) in the 1970s what The Beatles' &quot;Sergeant Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band&quot; was to rock and roll in the 1960s. Rock and roll fans simply had never heard anything quite like it before. And they kept listening to it over, and over, and over again. You will too.
B00005BJ2O|5.0|what a soundtrack I love it.....better than romeo &amp; juliet ...the roxanne track is just unbelievable and ewan mcgregor has the sexiest voice in the world I still have it on repeat 2 weeks later!
B000055Y0X|5.0|I've been told that this movie is good mixture between sarcasm and comedy. When I bought it and I got a chance to watch I really loved it. It is a movie that can stay in the collection just because you can watch it many times and it is interesting.
B00003CYLT|3.0|If you have seen several of the shows in person then this film is nothing more than clips from those shows put together in this way too short flim. I am a great fan of Cirque Du Soleil and can't hold back my excitement when they put somthing new out but for me this was not the best I have seen. For those who have not seen any of the meny great shows that Cirque Du Soleil has put out then you must go see the flim, it will leave you wanting to go see a live show
0790731983|5.0|This classic film (VHS) can be seen over and over again. Each time, nuances that you might have missed the previous time appear on screen. Notice how the number of Nazi uniforms increase at the club. Notice how Joel Grey's make-up appears more and more grotesque. Notice the old man who doesn't rise to sing with the young Nazi. Is he just wiser because he's older or is he Jewish? Notice how the division between German Jews and other Germans becomes more defined. The gestures, costumes and lyrics that Joel Grey uses become more anti-Nazi as the movie progresses. And yet,the entertainment will make you laugh and cheer despite the obvious politics involved. Joel Grey and Lisa Mannelli are magnificent on stage. By the time you've seen this great movie several times, you realize that Liza is the typical person who doesn't want to see the evil growing around her.The gay scenes are done tastefully and with a lack of unnecessary detail. This is a real classic!!
0792156684|1.0|. . .and the best director James Cameron could do in their honor is to invent a sleazy love story (expressing late 20th century, NOT early 20th century values). The fictional plotline was utterly unnecessary, detracted from an already extremely exciting story, and shows tremendous disrespect for the victims of this great tragedy. I'm not impressed with agenda-driven films. This one disgusts me.
B00003CXSP|1.0|I did not see this yet. My suggestion is: GO WATCH THE MANHUNTER DVD!
6305648522|5.0|This is a hell of a film ! Simply awesome ! Once you see it you guys will love it and recommend it to everyone who knows a bit about movies. You will remember your first childhood experiences watching movies you still preserve in your thoughts. Give it a try, you won't be dissapointed !
B00000099Y|1.0|I agree with all the people who say that tool is a deep band.  Maynard writes lyrics for people who can think, and I deeply respect him for that.  But on the music side, this album falls flat.  There's 15 tracks on this album, but about 6 of them are &quot;filler&quot; tracks.  Meaningless noise or talking.  That's hard to believe, but it's true.  The other songs have riffs that are eaither corny or boring.  &quot;Aenima&quot;, the one catchy song on the album is very unoriginal.  I can't helping feeling that they purposely made certain songs longer than they should have been.  Finally, although it's ironic, tool is way too concerned with image on this album.
B000056JYB|4.0|I always loved 'Had to Cry today&quot;,'Can't find my way home',and 'well all right', but not enough to buy the cd with only six songs ('Do what you like' being 15 minutes of dribble). When I heard it was being remastered and expanded with bonus tracks, I bought it. The additional songs/versions on disc one are outstanding. For the short time this band was together, they had some good material. But the 5th star goes lacking when disc two was added. Yes, the time period that this originally came out was the heyday of the jam session, but four long jams on disc two are three too many. Diehard fans will love this. I just like it.
B00003CXWV|5.0|This movie is excellent! Everything from the acting to the storyline! It truly deserves an Academy, atleast a nomination! Anyone who enjoyed movies like: (my other classic favorites) Traffic, Scarface, &amp; Desperado will DEFINETLY like this for sure!!! And for ALL out there,...WE-COLOMBIANS are NOOOT bad people at all &amp; COLOMBIA IS A BEAUTIFUL COUNTRY, DESPITE... Y para mi gente, este cine es la bomba!Paz...peace out!
B00004Y6NP|4.0|If it didn't have 'Money for nothing' or 'Walk of life' it would be a must have masterpiece. Yes, these were the most popular songs, but they were so worn out on the radio in 1985, that I am still tired of them. It is the non radio songs that make this a great cd, especially 'Why worry','Your latest trick','one world', and 'Brothers in arms'. Knopfler's guitar is as smooth as ever and the lyrics are solid. Get this one after you have purchased 'Communique' or 'Making Movies'.
B00005ASGG|3.0|I am impressed by the passion of the other reviewers but I must say I find most of it poorly shot, poorly paced, and poorly acted by most everybody but Wayne and Strode, with O'Brien giving one of the worst performances recorded on screen. I think this film must teach well. (English professors have come to believe that Bleak House is Dickens' best novel perhaps because it is the most interesting to teach, but not to read). The central idea is catchy and there is a clinging mournfulness to Wayne's fate, with echoes carrying over from \\"The Searchers\\". But I just can't see how anybody can prefer this to \\"My Darling Clementine\\", which many notable critics do. Because the movie is quite memorable, it is mistaken for being good.
0064407667|5.0|It is an exellent book hopefully the rest are just as good.
B00005KHJR|5.0|What with all the controversy, I watched the new extended version side-by-side next to my old VHS version and the two were virtually identical.  It seems like the 103 minute running time was a bit of sloppiness on Magnum's part (and if you can't trust fly-by-night purveyors of old horror movies, who can you trust?)  So let me join the new chorus and advise everyone to buy this Limited Edition right away.  After the initial 50,000 are gone, all you'll be left with is the 88 minute version, which misses most of the important stuff.  (By the way, I'm still unhappy about the phony widescreen format.)
B00004XQ83|3.0|The music is great, in general, but there are two things I find disappointing. The tracks aren't in a format that can be used by a program that plays sound files, such as MP3. The CD is called 'Enhanced' and it is a self-contained player/screen saver/web linker. For some reason this works okay in a CD player, but on the computer a dopey little program is all you can use to listen. There are many limitations, such as you can't select only the tracks you want to hear, there is no way to set properties, so continuous play is all you get, it is very slow and has hung my computer a few times when attempting to change tracks. Disappointment #2: It is NOT the 'Soundtrack' from the movie. The songs are in the correct order, but many are by different artists and have different arrangements. Some of the arrangements aren't as nice as the movie, to my ear. Since it is not quite what I expected, I give 3 stars. That's it.
B000003TAW|5.0|You can't avoid this album and all of it's raw pop-punk atitude.  This was a great introduction to Weezer and remains to be one of my ten most favorite albums.  Why do you ask that a ten song album would have such a profound impact on anyone well let me tell you.  This album caught me with the first few notes of the song &quot;My Name is Jonas.&quot;  And then it wouldn't let me go until the bass outro of &quot;Only in Dreams.&quot;  The crunch of Rivers and Brian's guitars the feedback in all of the right places the anthemic Pixiesesque choruses that wouldn't leave my head, the vocals, the falsetto vocals of bassist Matt Sharp, the lower Brian Bell and the mid range of Rivers Cuomo.  These guys can carry a tune but they aren't opera singers and that appealed to me greatly because they sung their words with feeling.  And these lyrics are excellent meaningful teenage lyrics.  They aren't too cryptic and I could relate to them.  How can't you relate to &quot;The World has turned and Left Me Here&quot;  or the loner feeling of &quot;In the Garage&quot; I can feel that lyric &quot;In the garage where I belong no one hears me sing this song.&quot;   These guys definatly aren't phonies that are up there for the money.  And when I saw the cover I was like these look like friends of mine and on the inside you see the garage and all of the equipment they use in all of its modified wrapped in duct tape glory.  I can't emphasize enough of how much Rivers lyrics and Weezer's musicianship meant to me on this album. You won't be disappointed.
B00003CXZ4|3.0|A man suffering from a mental disorder (short-term memory loss), which means that he cannot recall events that would only transpire moments before, is entangled in trying to take revenge on the man that murdered his wife. The film is stylish and intelligent, smartly and ingeniously directed, and exploring a number of profound issues such as memory, identity and learning techniques, though it's overburdened by its elaborate and complex plot, which demands total concentration on the part of the viewer, or else the thread is lost. For buffs of &quot;art&quot; cinema, but definitely not for those who want some fast-paced, &quot;no-brainer&quot; entertainment.
B00000BKDZ|3.0|This is really the last worthwhile Iron Maiden album , released in 1988. After this one, Adrian Smith left and Janick Gers came in, and nothing was the same anymore. After this album, Steve Harris became more and more involved in production, and decided to bring the band &quot;back to basics&quot;, with the catastrophic NO PRAYER FOR THE DYING as a result. SEVENTH SON came after the average and often forgotten SOMEWHERE IN TIME, and came with a much better sound, much better songs and energy. But nothing of this changes my mind about the fact that POWERSLAVE was their best effort, with often more energy, punch and the own &quot;MAIDEN&quot; sounds we all love. Let me put it this way: if I was for months without listening to my Maiden collection ( a fact that doesnt happen) and all of a sudden I decide to hear Maiden, I would go for the following CDs, in that order: 1) POWERSLAVE 2) IRON MAIDEN ( The debut) 3) PIECE OF MIND 4) KILLERS 5) And only then Id pick SEVENTH SON OF A SEVENTH SON. Of course NO PRAYER, FEAR OF THE DARK, X-FACTOR and VIRTUAL XI would be barely listened to, so bad they are!!!
0385501560|3.0|Fight Club is a modern classic. Palahniuk's latest effort, Choke, does not meet that standard. The author does not explore any new territory in this book. The plot is frighteningly similar to Fight Club. Only the names and some scenes are different. The theme is the same. However, Choke is a fine work in of itself. I loved it. If you liked Fight Club, you will be satisfied with spending your money on Choke.
B000002KB8|5.0|THis is the kind of album that just comes out once in a lifetime, a mixture of chemistry between the musicians involved, creativity of their parts and thr right frame of time !!!!!!! No one can &quot;Plan&quot; to release a masterpiece like this one !! IT is a process that defies explanation how Iommi, Ozzy, Butler and Ward developed this sound and recorded it in such a fresh and spontaneous way !!! LONG LIVE SABBATH (up until HEAVEN AND HELL, after that is another band !!)
B00002MZ4W|5.0|I abosoluty adore this album!  If i was on survivor and could only bring one CD i'd bring this one!  I love the songs and Fiona has such an amazing voice and talent!  I love it so much!  Buy this album if you haven't!
B00004RJ74|4.0|Many argue that this film is only good up until the point that the horror starts and this is true for some people but being a big fan of Tarantino &amp; Rodriguez I had to enjoy it, and the movie was very entertaining and well written and directed but it is not for everyone if you are into Tarrantino and Rodriguez and you enjoy crazy gory action horror then it is definite and the dvd's themselves are almost worth it they are packed with features including a behind the scenes film called full tilt boogie it is pretty good
B00005B4GU|5.0|The future maybe scary...a little frightening.But be assured, Radiohead is the only band that seems wanting enough to swim in its waters.In this return to Kid A and Ok Computer ,we are once again given a glimpse into the future .The pyramid song just maybe the best piece of work they ever wrote.A song of secrets? Somethings are best left unanswered.The only people who understand the whole picture are the ones who step out of the frame.Who is gonna stop us?You and whose army?The decline and fall of the Roman Empire has taught us many lessons.History has proven this fact of epic scale.So shall the works of Radiohead be exhibited as masterpieces.Count yourselves lucky to have been around the rebirth of golden age of music.Radiohead ,knives out may still hold a glimmer of the past.We need to embrace the past in order to face the future.Lets not get technical.Music is music.Well ,with Radiohead,dollar and cents included,you know you are getting something that even money can't buy.There's only been three acts in the world:U2,REM and Bob Dylan .These three acts make us human and stand as the guiding lights of music.Oh how Orpheus would be proud.It would be my honor to add radiohead to this list.It would be unfair to go about the album track by track.Embrace it.You will be rewarded.
6305627401|5.0|Best Animated R-rated Musical EVER! (not that many in the list, but still... This DVD has it all, the great trailers, all the characters you love, and the musical numbers! I promise that you will be singing along..
B00003CXE7|5.0|Gladiator in my opinion, is the greatest movie of all time! Russel Crowe has his best performance ever as Maximus Decimus Meridius. Joaquin Phoenix also has a greatly evil performance as Commodus, a corrupt and vile Roman Emporer. Other performances are great (Oliver Reed as Proximo, Harris as Marcus Aurelius, and Connie Nielson as Lucilla) but greatest thing about Gladiator is it's action sequences. This Movie Rocks!!!!! Need I Say More!
B00005B6C9|5.0|What a great CD by the Bee Gees! Almost every track here is worth repeated listening. &quot;This Is Where I Came In&quot; starts with acoustic guitar and the soulful Bee Gees harmonies. When the Brothers Gibb sing, &quot;I'll go anywhere with you,&quot; they are in a way inviting us to go anywhere with them -- through a CD diverse in musical styles. &quot;She Keeps On Coming Back for More&quot; is #1 on my own personal top ten. It rocks. The guitar line sounds like something out of Peter Gunn. &quot;I ain't no Valentino; she ain't no Greta Garbo.&quot; For me, the repetition works. &quot;Sacred Trust&quot; combines breathy vocals with a bossanova beat. &quot;Wedding Day,&quot; with its chimes and stately melody is gorgeous. &quot;We'll be together, husband &amp; wife; now and forever, lovers for life.&quot; This is classic Bee Gees, up with their best. &quot;Man In the Middle&quot; is a great rocker/pop tune. &quot;I'm just the man in the middle of a complicated plan.&quot; Anyone who has felt things are just a bit too complicated can relate to the urgency of the track. The midtempo &quot;Deja Vu&quot; has some sweet high Bee Gee vocals. &quot;Walking On Air&quot; is kind of like a march with a summer theme, &quot;We will never be apart again... Here comes the summer with love in the air.&quot; &quot;Loose Talk Costs Lives&quot; has the wispy Bee Gees vocals in a beautiful slow song. &quot;Embrace&quot; combines pep with eloquent lyrics for another classic, &quot;Can we love and live apart? How can we divide the heart?&quot; &quot;The Extra Mile&quot; is the real closer for me with its slow stately melody and a horn to end in elegy, &quot;Let your soul shine through; I will go that extra mile for you.&quot; &quot;Technicolor Dreams,&quot; a tribute to the 40's big band. The final track, &quot;Voice in the Wilderness,&quot; is less successful for me. But the CD is SO good, that I'll go anywhere with the Bee Gees! Don't miss a great offering from a classic band!
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I have never been terribly interested in the teen bands popping up all over the place these days, but Savage Garden is different. They not only write their own music and lyrics, but the lyrics actually have meaning! The social awareness and maturity of these guys puts other bands in their genre to shame. If you do nothing else, read the lyrics (the music isn't too shabby either!)
B00003CXN4|2.0|I hate to pan this one, because this country desparately needs a scathing denouncement of the war on drugs that will bypass the politicians, and get into the mainstream consciousness. Unfortunately, Traffic isn't it. In a frantic effort to pack the entire tragic tapestry of the drug war into a two hour movie, Traffic accomplishes absolutely nothing. Most of the movie's content seems to be drawn from a collage of real life events over past years. I recall many actual news stories which are very similar to the plot points of of this movie. All of the drug war players are here. The junkie, the dealer, the cop, the corrupt officials, the honest but naive drug warriors. But the topic is so large, and the time so limited, they're like the chorus from a classical Greek play. They take the stage, deliver the lines which represent their point of view, and dutifully troop off. A long novel might have done justice to this story. But in a feature length movie, it's nothing more than cliched, inflammatory stereotypes and ham fisted preaching. In addition, the movie is intentionally shot in an off-color, jerking &quot;point of view&quot; style that's not much more graceful than the efforts of an amateur with a camcorder. I suppose this was meant to lend a tense &quot;you are there&quot; kind of feel. The only tension I felt was between my temples.
B00003CXTG|5.0|I watched the premier of this movie sitting near to three Pearl Harbor survivors who were being interviewed for their thoughts on it. I went up to one after it was over and he had tears in his eyes. It was a powerful movie and I felt for a moment as though I had actually been there. People say the love triangle in the film was trite. It did stretch things, but if you are a romantic like me, you'll not be bothered by it. How lifelike is Romeo and Juliet, considered a great classic? The characters in the movie are genuine. I really felt like I was looking at real people out of the 1940s. The battle scenes were really very good. The Japanese imagery of the &quot;Divine Wind&quot; was played up very effectively. I felt the sadness of the loss of fallen comrades. It was an interesting perspective to take the film from the bombing at Pearl Harbor to Doolittle's raid on Tokyo, but it made sense. All in all, a very enjoyable movie experience. And the Pearl Harbor vets approved too and that is no small feather in this movie's cap.
B000000WA4|5.0|This album is a journey. As the titles of its two CDs , From Dawn to Dusk, and the second, From Twilight to Starlight, suggest, this 28 track collection offers a song for every moment of the day, every mood you may feel. Although the variety of tracks here is greatly diverse, each song has a little bit of trademark Pumpkins magic sprinkled on it. The opening track if the album is an instrumental piano piece, and one that could only be created and performed by Billy Corgan with such beauty and finesse demonstrated here. We quickly move onto Tonight, Tonight, one of the Pumpkins' best known songs. Bullet With Butterfly Wings, another popular hit sounds as good as ever, especially via Zero, another highlight. The guitar screechings sound fresh and wonderfully raucous, and are 100% Pumpkins. One of my favourites, Muzzle also appears. The epic 9 minute Porcelina is another breath of fresh air. Although long, it doesn't waste a second, and perfectly emcompasses how breathtaking this album is as a whole. The second CD is mostly quieter tracks, and although at first CD1 seemed to be the superior of the two, after a few considered listens, it is really hard for me to decide between the two. Although more introspective tracks like Stumbleine and In the Arms of the Sleep surely have less guitar acrobatics, they are equally important in the Pumpkins sound, and equally as skillful, engaging and entertaining. There are some pure masterpieces here, namely Thru the Arms of Ruby. 1979 is probably the most well known track, and although its good, and a delight to listen to, it doesn't demonstrate the extremes of the Pumpkins sound - the beauty or pure noise (and sometimes the mixture of both) they can create. Overall....if you are even slightly interested in rock/pop albums that have changed and redefined modern music i would tell you every time to get this. A cliche, but seriously, there is something for everyone here. ENJOY!!
B000050FEN|5.0|&quot;Seven&quot; is one of the most profound movies of our time. A serial killer is enacting all seven deadly sins through a series of grisly crimes. It is a riveting tale with a surprise ending. The social commentary in this movie is powerful. We as a society have experienced much in the way of moral decay. John, the killer, had decided that we were too sick to be saved and launched his own intricate and twisted crusade against us. Definitely a must see.
0788812408|5.0|All the music,fun and excitment under the sea returns in this special edition of one of Disney's most beloved film. Ariel,the fun-loving and mishievous mermaid,is enchanted with all things human.Not listening to her father's order to stay away from the world out of the sea,she swims to the surface and,in a terrible storm,she rescues the prince of her dreams.Since Ariel is so determined to be human,she makes a deal with the sinister seawitch,Ursula,and trades her lovely voice and mermaid fins for legs.With her chatty friend,Flounder and her reluctant chaperone Sebastian,the reggae-singing Caribbean singing crab,at her side,Ariel without no voice must win the prince's love and save her father's kingdom from Ursula. A MUST SEE FOR EVERYONE! LITTLE KIDS WILL WET THIER PANTS LAUGHING AND SINGING!
B00003CX5P|5.0|When watching this movie, it was obvious that George Lucas was a man after my own heart. The podracing scene revealed the obvious truth that Lucas has seen &quot;Ben Hur&quot; ten times as a lad! This movie harkens back to ancient Rome in many ways and the demise of its Republic. However, I do believe that, in the main, Lucas is warning us about the peril of our own Republic. Which Senator is Darth Sidious? Is it Palpatine or &quot;Puff&quot; Daschle? Hehe. I eagerly await the release of Episode II. I wanted to see it immediately after Episode I!
B00003CXA6|5.0|When I heard that Martin Sheen was playing General Lee I groaned. I didn't think he could do it. But he did, and did so excellently. I also greatly enjoyed Tom Berenger as &quot;Old Peete&quot; Longstreet. Let me not be stingy, the all-star cast was great! I loved the charge up Little Round Head. Pickett's charge was also very well done. I have watched this movie several times since aquiring it!
B000022TSV|5.0|This film production of Bizet's Carmen, shot on location in southern Spain, is magnificent. The singing and acting are first rate, as are the sound and picture quality of the DVD. Carmen, like Don Giovanni, is a complex, multi-faceted character that can be played a variety of ways. Julia Migenes portrays Carmen with raw sensuality, and it works, as we see her opposite, Don Jose (performed brilliantly by Placido Domingo), unable to escape her womanly powers. The film uses dialogue rather than recitatives, as that is what Bizet intended--Carmen is an opera comique, which means that spoken dialogue (not recitatives) are employed between the singing. The dialogue definitely heightens the drama of Carmen, and it was only after Bizet's death that sung recitatives were unfortunately used in in this opera. Because this is a film version of Carmen, there are many creative and symbolic options that couldn't be done in the opera house. The use of a live bull in the ring is extemely effective, and it is the first image we see in this film. We see how beautiful and noble the bull is, how strong and free spirited he is. This powerful and tragic image will stay with us throughout the film. The use of such symbolism allows us ultimately to compare Carmen to the brave bull who would rather die than surrender its freedom, while don Jose is the bullfighter who must kill the object he lives for and loves most. There is real frisson between Domingo and Migenes as they heat up the screen--Domingo gives an amazing performance of don Jose's gradual fall and ultimate self-destruction. There are no disappointments in the entire cast. The final act is most effective as don Jose essentially is transformed into the matador while Carmen represents the courageous bull--refusing to back down, she must die, just as the bull must be sacrificed in the ring. While they are performing their &quot;dance of death&quot; we are shown clips of Carmen's new lover, a matador, in the ring facing a real bull--this is a powerful juxtaposition that could obviously only be done on film. This is a striking film, one that captures the very essence of Carmen and her world, and it only gets better with repeated viewings.
0780021150|5.0|Here in the states, most of us know Peter Lorre as a quasi-comic villain with bulging eyes and a voice and accent that lends itself to mimicry. In his best-known roles he's a character we can't quite take seriously. But once you see him in &quot;M&quot; your view of him will be changed forever. His work here is a revelation. No longer comic in any respect, he becomes terrifying in his blandness because it reminds us that evil doesn't wear the face of monsters or even gods, but that of the man down the street or the woman at the office. Lorre isn't the only reason to watch &quot;M&quot; but he's one of the most compelling. Nothing about &quot;M,&quot; except perhaps the physical quality of the film itself, is at all dated. The themes of serial murder, the abduction and murder of children, the fear that will grip a community being victimized by these crimes, and the mob mentality that can grow out of that fear are all issues we deal with daily. The look of the film is actually surprisingly fresh, with its stark angles and play of light and shadow. It's a look that informed film noir in Hollywood a decade or two later. &quot;M&quot; is fascinating and frightening on many levels, recommended highly for students of film, film buffs and anyone who enjoys a good, thought-provoking movie. Not recommended for anyone disturbed by the subject matter or looking for some mind candy.
B00005MAM2|5.0|Alright, I'm not sure what Danny Kim, who's review is posted up there, is thinking. I mean, he's entitled to his own opinion, and if he feels that the voices in this version are inferior, I guess that's up to him, but I feel I should set the record straight here so people don't get the wrong idea. The voices in this new dub of the movie much more closely mimic those of the original Japanese production, which was the intent of the crew doing the new version all along. For example, the numbers do indeed now all have the voices of children, but perhaps something Mr. Kim missed is that they ARE children, despite what they look like. If you flip to the Japanese audio, sure enough they all have very childlike voices, even Masaru, who in the original english dub had a much more gravely, mature sounding voice. As for the Colonel, his voice sounds much less over the top, keeping in line, again, with the original Japanese vocal track. He sounds much more thoughtful and reserved this time around, which I believe fits his character a bit more readily than the all out gutteral barks that made up most of his original english voice. Basically, if you really loved the original translation and dub of Akira, you may not be too thrilled with this one, mostly because it differs so much. It's kind of a shock to hear all the voices you've grown used to changed around on you. I know a lot of people grew very attached to it, and for the time it was very well done, but if you want what the author had intended for Akira, this dub is as close as you're going to get short of just leaving the audio on Japanese (which would be a shame, because a lot of thought went into this dub.) I found myself occasionally pining for the original dub myself, and I do wish Pioneer had found some way to include it as a third audio track, but oh well. In my own personal opinion, I liked Kaneda's original dub voice a little better, but more for the sound of it than the performance. I think the new artist does a better job overall in conveying Kaneda's emotional range. He sounded like a bit of a dunderhead in the first one. Tetsuo, well...sue me, but I can hardly tell the difference. They sound very similar to me, and therefore I prefer the new one due to it's superior translation. Kei, Ryu, The Doctor, and most of the supporting cast sound similar to me, and no voice really stuck out as seeming out of place besides Nazu's. He has a normal voice now, and oddly, it doesn't fit him as well as the warped one he got in the original. Nonetheless, I've grown to appreciate this dub much more than the original. Then again, I'm something of a purist, and typically won't watch a dub to any movie unless it's done as well as the original and has an accurate translation to boot. This dub is just that. It's basically the Japanese script put into English, with voices that sound as similar as possible. Bottom line: If you've never seen Akira, or consider yourself an Anime purist, get this version. If you watched it back in the day and feel like that version was fine the way it was, and don't mind a minorly sub-par translation, stick with the first one. I personally can't reccomend this disk enough. I grabbed one of the metal limited edition ones, but I'm pretty sure this has the same stuff in it.
B00003CXA2|5.0|The tale of the simple man Forrest Gump from his boyhood in the 1950's to his adulthood in the early '80s, was very well written and done. Tom Hanks was very convincing. One of the messages of this movie is that there are some moral absolutes in this world, and that even a simple man can see that. Forrest loved his country and obeyed his God. He put to shame all around him who thought of themselves first, while he gave all he had for others. Forrest shows us the difference between wisdom and intelligence, having little intel, but practically Solomonic Common Sense. His story was a very touching story, with romance and passion. It is a true American tale, with history passing before our eyes. It was also very funny. You get it all in two hours and love it! Check it out!
B00005B7CK|5.0|Speaking as a true, Southern American, the wit and humor in this movie was outstanding. I constantly caught myselfing looking at George Clooney trying to see past the character-he made it so convincing that one forgot who he was-he reminds one of a seedy, on-the-outs version of Clark Gable. Who knew he had it in him?? It's one of those movies-which is rare-that you want to watch over and over. The music, along with the fine acting, made for an outstanding viewing and listening experience.<br />In my opinion, the movie captured the essence of southern America-the ability to laugh at our own foibles and eccentricities. In a nutshell-&quot;good ole southern humor and music&quot;. I hated seeing it end..... George-you've found your niche-been invited to any barbeques or Klan Rallies????
0790751305|5.0|In a true sense, Clint Eastwood & writer David Peoples have created the first Anti-western in this tale of violence, vengeance and half-truths. Eastwood plays the anti-hero William Munny, once a vicious killer, now reformed eking out an existence for his two motherless children by pig farming. To save his children from this hapless fate he agrees to go on one last mercenary killing to avenge a prostitute whose face, eyes, ears and teets were cut up by some clients or so he's heard. But the truth of it is less than the fiction as the whore's story, like so many tales from the old west, is continually embellished. Urged on by the raging Schofield Kid, a haplessly poor-sighted lad who only dreams of the notoriety his killing might bring, Munny enlists the aid of Morgan Freeman, his old partner. Munny so rusty he can no longer aim well and so long out of the saddle he can't even stay on his horse, he heads out with the other two avenging or fallen angels to Big Whiskey to hunt down the killers for the promise of the whore's gold. Although some might consider the character insignificant, Richard Harris, as English Bob, the Duke (Duck) of Death, further illustrates the fallacy of the old west allure. Gene Hackman as the sadistic Little Bill Daggett, the sheriff of Big Whiskey, further blurs the lines between good and evil as the townspeople wince from the pain he inflicts on English Bob, Munny and finally on Ned Logan (Freeman). Frances Fisher, a lone voice crying in the wilderness, demands justice for the unfortunate girl and all women despite their station in life. Saul Rubinek as an old west biographer, is reminiscent of those mesmerized by car wrecks or burning buildings. A cub-reporter, only concerned for the most engrossing story, he hops from supposed hero to supposed hero never once looking beneath the surface of their stories. In his review, Leonard Maltin feels the movie drags in the middle, but the slow paced path the trio takes amidst the beautiful countryside, like the gentle but haunting score, only serves as the antithesis to the movie's impending violent conclusion. When I first saw this movie at the theater, I whispered to my companion \\"this is going to win best picture.\\" It also went on to win Eastwood best director and Hackman best supporting actor. Whether you love westerns or hate them this film will satisfy you. There's no glamour in killing, but Munny (Eastwood), whether fueled by his sense of justice or just whiskey, marshals up the malicious character buried deep within him and perhaps buried deep within all of us. Finally, as this morality play draws to a close, we are asked the question why Claudia, Munny's deceased wife a woman not without prospects, ever \\"loved\\" such a desperate character. Perhaps he, like all the characters, had it coming. Just like we all do, even if we are unforgiven.    D Wood & J Mark see this as some allegory for America or banter that it's liberals playing conservatives.  They need to grow up just like the Western did.  For years Hollywood portrayed the Western as a pristeen fantasy place with white hats chasing after the black hats, but it's just not that clear cut except in their own little minds emphasis on little.  One moral they seem to have missed from Unforgiven is that although killing is a terrible thing to do, sometimes it's the only thing that you must do, but it's not the ONLY thing you should do.  I am sure these idiots would bring popcorn and raisinettes to an execution because they're just those types of people.  And those who find it slow (and you know who you are), you're probably under the age of 10 or at least mentally under 10 and can't see that it's more exciting to be lead down a prim rose path and then shockingly be pelted with individual or random acts of violence instead of your typical slasher movie with a spewing of blood every minute.  If you didn't wince from what Sheriff Bill Dagget did to the Duck or William Munny, you've never experienced pain.  Nowdon't get me wrong, I love the Lone Wolf & Cub series with its spew after spew of blood, but you really can't take them too seriously.  But if you want mindless blood spurting entertainment re-rent ALL the Friday the 13th or the Nightmare series -- leave the serious films to the Adults.
B00004D3C1|5.0|A tremendous CD by the heaviest band on earth. From start to finish this CD rocks. The production is first class, the riffs are classic, Fu Manchu just gets better and better. I bought this when it first came out and listened to it non stop for about 2 months then went back to the older Fu, after about a year I just listened to this again and I can't believe how good it is. Great for listening to while cruising. Can't wait for California Crossing !!
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Savage Garden has outdone themselves- Affirmation is way better than their first album. The songs have great messages with awesome music, a definite good buy!
B000000W3G|5.0|Now that it is out of print, &quot;The Aeroplane Flies High&quot; is likely to join the list of essential Smashing Pumpkins releases that have become increasingly hard to find at conventional record store outlets (a list that includes various b-sides, promos, soundtrack work and the internet-only &quot;Machina II&quot;). A specially-priced boxed set of all the &quot;Mellon Collie&quot; singles, the twenty-eight new b-sides found here were recorded during and shortly after the sessions for that gargantuan epic and all of them (barring the five New Wave covers and &quot;Pastichio Medley&quot;) could've fit easily onto that work. Indeed, &quot;The Aeroplane Flies High&quot; might as well be termed &quot;Mellon Collie Pt.2&quot;, for everything here is five-star quality. In spite of being b-sides, there is not a trace of filler, and indeed some of their best-ever songs can be found in its contents: &quot;Set The Ray To Jerry&quot;, &quot;Tribute To Johnny&quot;, &quot;Medellia Of The Gray Skies&quot;, &quot;Meladori Magpie&quot;, &quot;Last Song&quot;, &quot;Ugly&quot;, &quot;God&quot;...the list goes on. The musical styles cover every ground from hard rock to acoustic balladry to lengthy epics (the title track) to compact pop to everything in-between. The five cover versions are probably the weakest here, although &quot;You're All I've Got Tonight&quot; and &quot;Clones&quot; are worthwhile. &quot;Pastichio Medley&quot;, a fascinating edit of over forty instrumental jams, is impressive just on the basis of showing how much music was flowing out of the group at this time. The accompanying booklet features photos, lyrics and a complete official discography of all releases up to 1996. It all comes in a bizarre op-art carrying case which makes it a truly distinctive collector's item, albeit one that went double platinum. If you can find a copy, get it, as it is likely that these gems--as essential as any of their regular album releases-- will become harder to find as the years pass.
B000002HRE|5.0|Don't try to sell me that garbage about Metallica selling out! Obviously the people who review this album negatively (including the editorial refviews at the top) are not musicians. I have all of Metallica's albums and every bootleg I can get my hands on and this is in no way a sell out. If they sold out, they would have released Master Of Puppets (The god of all albums) over and over again. That would have not been cool. This album, as well as its predecessor deserve the same respect as the mighty Black album if you ask me. Fuel: Great rocking song. Probably the fastest song on the album and James' vocals are amazing. The Memory Remains: Very, very strange and totally different than anything Metallica has ever done. It's a very cool song although Marianne Faithfull's voice is a bit annoying. Devils Dance: Very wicked and reminiscent of &quot;Sad But True&quot; (Metallica). This song is actually much heavier than that song though. Haunting lyrics and INCREDIBLE vocals. The Unforgiven II: The sequel to the classic &quot;The Unforgiven&quot; from their self-titled 1991 release. This is awesome and includes some of James' best singing ever, as well as one of Kirk's coolest solos. Very good song, probably the best on this album. Better Than You: Another song reminiscent of the Black album. The title is almost exactly like &quot;Holier Than Thou&quot; which is about basically the same thing except this song seems to be from the point of view of the arrogant people spoken about in the first one. This actually seems like a sequel to &quot;Holier Than Thou&quot; but not as good in my opinion. It is fast and heavy though and has good vocals meshing with the driving power chords. Slither: This song is certainly strange. I don't really like this one much, but it is interesting. Wierd, definately worth a listen. Carpe Diem Baby: Great meaning and a great song. Not very heavy but the bluesy riff is great. The meaning of the title: It's Latin for &quot;Sieze The Day&quot;. Bad Seed: Good standard rocking song. Not spectacular, but not bad either. Good intro riff and cool coughing effect in the beginning. Where The Wild Things Are: WIERD!!! AMAZING!! This is the strangest piece of work in Metallica's career but it's definately great nontheless. The haunting lyrics will give you nightmares guaranteed. Prince Charming: Another burner. One of the fastest on the album and it has very wicked vocals. Great fast paced riff. Low Man's Lyric: Metallica's best ballad by far. This song is so beautiful and it reveals James' best voice he's ever had. Listen to this, if you have ears, it may make you cry. Fixxxer: Amazing. It's about Voodoo, so that's always a cool concept for rock!! This is simply a long, epic masterpiece. Buy this.
B000003BDJ|5.0|My 12 year old daughter thinks my 54 year old self is &quot;old&quot;. I've made a point to fill my house with great music but have neglected the Stones and Beatles for some unknown-to-me-at-the-moment reason. Get this and the White Album and teach your kids about the power of words and music. Guaranteed to bring back some wonderful memories and perhaps a tear or two, not to mention some stories about changing the world.
0226264017|5.0|In the last 100 years we had quite a lot of economists (Keynes, Galbraith etc.) propagating Socialism and other fine ideas.Milton Friedmans convincing message is: FREEDOM.Milton Friedman really IS the best economist of the last century.Miltons books are the BEST you can read in economics.
0783235607|5.0|Let me get this straight, I've read some reviews that people think Psycho is utterly dull, a disgrace to film making. Well, these people don't give a damn to great movies. I admit, to audiences now, it is not scary, but it sure is suspensful. For example, when Lila Crane is walking up the hill to the house, that is far more suspensful than any bomb or monster in any movie. Hitchcock knew how to make a shiver go down someones spine without any special effects. A true example of wonderful film making!
6305508550|5.0|Anyone who thinks they are going to see a live action Beavis and Butt-Head is going to be very disappointed. That is unless they are a cubicle dwelling fan of the dim-whitted pair. Created by Mike Judge (who is also responsible for the aforementioned duo and the TV show &quot;King of the Hill&quot;), Office Space takes all of our daydreams about work and puts them in a movie. Haven't you ever wanted to steal a cordless drill and take out that cubicle wall that's right in front of the window? How about fresh fish for lunch? How about telling your boss that you are too busy to deal with him? Especially when you are in the middle of eating junk food and playing an important game of Tetris. A smart and funny film, Office Space also deals with other issues, like get rich schemes, thin walled apartments, testy fax machines, and watching Kung-Fu with Jennifer Aniston. Dilbert has some competition, and his name is Milton.
B000002TPS|2.0|Personally I think this is the weakest album MEGADETH has released, except for maybe RISK, but I haven't given that a proper listen yet. This album is just completely uninspired, the songs are bland, they all sound pretty much the same and the production is just wrong(especially the drums). I'm afraid I just can't get into it at all. It's not that I think it's a sell out or anything like that, I just don't think it's very good. If you want to hear MEGADETH at the top of their game, pick up RUST IN PEACE and if you want the newer style MEGADETH pick up CRYPTIC WRITINGS which is surprisingly good.
6302759110|5.0|This is a great movie. It stands on its own as entertainment, but at a deeper level it is much better.<br />First of all, Coppola has made a masterpiece of sound, light and color. This alone would make the movie notable. But more importantly, it is a deep analysis of the dracula myth. Its title is appropriate because most of the movie follows the book more closely than any dracula movie so far. Yet it also reflects the cinematic tradition: many lines and scenes are taken exactly from past movies--fans of those will appreciate the recognition they receive here.<br />This is a movie about movies. Many of the tricks rely on the visual limits of the camera and the movie screen. Most of the scenes reflect the creators' consciousness of past movies in the tradition, whether artfully mocking their campiness, including them as background footage in a cinema, or reproducing them detail for detail.<br />What makes all this great is not merely imitation, but the new and deeper meanings they receive from their unique context in this movie. That unique context is the romance between Dracula and Mina, the victim. Only a few new scenes (not from the book or any other movie) establish this relationship, and they add immeasurable depth to many other standard scenes and the movie as a whole. Of course this relationship has always been a part of the analysis of the Dracula myth, and numerous films (including the pornographic ones and especially Kinski's \\"Nosferatu the Vampyre\\") have made it explicit. But this film presents that relationship with more depth, meaning and subtlety than any so far.<br />The Dracula tradition has always dealth with feminine sexuality and power, subtly or overtly. In 1979, Kinski recast Mina (aka Lucy) as the heroine of the story, bringing salvation to Dracula. This movie's unique twist brings together these two issues and instantly turns Stoker's helpless, gothic heroine on her head. This is true to the subversive spirit of the gothic novel, which always hints at the female victim's complicity and desire for the sexually powerful villian; but now (as in Kinsky) that desire emerges as a force of salvation; and for the first time we see Dracula as a tragic hero redeemed by her. (You'll have to see it to believe it.)<br />However, in my opinion the movie's greatest genius is thematic. Fall and redemption are the themes of the movie. Sacramental (eucharistic, baptismal and matrimonial) and scriptural references are skillful and deep; they saturate the imagery and script of the movie. (Why does the perfume drip upwards? Refer to the theme.) Even the subtitle, \\"Love Never Dies,\\" shows this theme. The story is the count's progression from Christ-figure (in the opening scences), to anti-Christ, and then his redemption through Nina's love, made apparent in the icon in the movie's final scene.<br />The theme of redemption transforms every detail of the story; but apart from the opening and closing scenes, this movie follows the book more closely than any that I've seen. Even the presentation of the book--as a series of journal entries, newspaper articles, phonograph recordings, and so on--has been preserved. Achieving such fidelity and transformation at once is simply ingenious.<br />(The themes of drug use and alternate psychological states and the tension between science and superstition are also explored; but I don't understand them well enough to comment.)<br />This is by far the best Dracula movie yet, a perfectly told fairy tale; simultaneously entertainment and art at their finest.ints at the female victim's complicity and desire for the sexually powerful villian; but now (as in Kinsky) that desire emerges as a force of salvation; and for the first time we see Dracula as a tragic hero redeemed by her. (You'll have to see it to believe it.)<br />However, in my opinion the movie's greatest genius is thematic. Fall and redemption are the themes of the movie. Sacramental (eucharistic, baptismal and matrimonial) and scriptural references are skillful and deep; they saturate the imagery and script of the movie. (Why does the perfume drip upwards? Refer to the theme.) Even the subtitle, \\"Love Never Dies,\\" shows this theme. The story is the count's progression from Christ-figure (in the opening scences), to anti-Christ, and then his redemption through Nina's love, made apparent in the icon in the movie's final scene.<br />The theme of redemption transforms every detail of the story; but apart from the opening and closing scenes, this movie follows the book more closely than any that I've seen. Even the presentation of the book--as a series of journal entries, newspaper articles, phonograph recordings, and so on--has been preserved. Achieving such fidelity and transformation at once is simply ingenious.<br />(The themes of drug use and alternate psychological states and the tension between science and superstition are also explored; but I don't understand them well enough to comment.)<br />This is by far the best Dracula movie yet, a perfectly told fairy tale; simultaneously entertainment and art at their finest.
B000053GTK|4.0|For those of you not familiar with Gentle Giant, they are by far the best band to come out of the 70s prog scene. You won't find any melodrama here, or guitar-god wankery (or even much improvisation), or simulated orchestras, or &quot;washing&quot; background synths. The music is crystal clear, contrapuntal, and complex, clearly influenced by Renaissance, jazz, and modern classical music. The instrumentation is varied -- &quot;A Reunion&quot; is accompanied by what sounds like a string quartet, &quot;An Inmate's Lullaby&quot; uses only voice, electric piano and pitched percussion instruments, and &quot;The Runaway&quot; contains one of rock's first xylophone solos. The compositions are often witty-- the one &quot;triumphant&quot; climax on the album (in &quot;Way of Life&quot;) immediately collapses into de-tuned chromatics, and &quot;Experience&quot; goes from a rather foppy Renaissance sounding thing to a hard rock song halfway through. <br /> Out of all the GG albums I've heard, this is the most structured and the most like a piece of classical music. The whole thing has only six tracks, arranged in a loose arch form, a la Bartok. The songs themselves are also among GG's most structurally complex. For example, if you listen to &quot;Way of Life&quot; once, you remember that certain musical phrases follow others -- but when you listen again, you're constantly surprised, because every occurrence of a given phrase is followed by something different. The title track is even more complex, moving from theme to theme very rapidly but never feeling like a pastiche.<br /> Nevertheless, this is not my favorite Gentle Giant album. (That goes to _The Power and the Glory_ or maybe _Interview_ -- and I don't have _Acquiring the Taste_ yet.) In comparison with the other GG I know, this one strikes me as a bit cold, and the title track is simply not as engaging as the others, making for an unsatisfying finish. Still, it's a very solid album, and worth having for fans.
B000002ADT|5.0|Kind Of Blue is the greatest album ever made. Miles Davis's trumpet has an undeniably beautiful sound that makes you recognize it every time you hear it. Not only that, but he works with other jazz legends like John Coltrane on tenor saxophone, Julian &quot;Cannonball&quot; Adderley on alto saxophone, Bill Evans on piano, Paul Chambers on bass, and Jimmy Cobb on drums. The vibe of this album is very laid-back throughout, and most of the album was musical sketches created by Miles himself, in which most of the album was based on improvisation. The atmosphere created by this album has never been reached or matched since. Truly an amazing piece of work. A lot of songs are based on the modal jazz style, like the classic call-and-response masterpiece &quot;So What&quot;, which has amazing solos, and as the theme, the saxophones and trumpet play a two-note lick with a response from the bassist. One of the greatest songs in jazz history. &quot;Freddie Freeloader&quot; is a blues song, with Wynton Kelly playing the piano, and his solo swings in a clever manner. Miles is in classic form, and both saxophone players rip it. &quot;Blue In Green&quot; is a masterful ballad, with Miles played a muted-horn. What a beautiful song. Bill Evans and Coltrane also play very excellent solos here. &quot;All Blues&quot; is a very long piece, and has a slow, simple theme but the sextet does wonders with it. Especially with Miles contrasting the sounds of his muted horn with the open horn, which is done very nicely. Cannonball really shines on his solo on &quot;All Blues&quot;, and the piano introduction is great. &quot;Flamenco Sketches&quot;, both takes (the second, alternate take is only issued on the remastered version) is a spanish-flavored track but also is extremely slow and melancholy (similiar to &quot;Blue In Green&quot;) with the echoes of Miles playing his muted trumpet. Bill Evans laces this track with his amazing piano playing. If you don't have this album, it's an absolute must. I have about six copies of this album, two of the original version, a couple of the remastered versions, I also have it on tape. Partly because I've worn out copies, and because people I know continually sent me copies for Christmas because they thought I would enjoy it, not knowing I already had quite a few copies. If you gave this less than 5 stars, you got problems. One of the biggest masterpieces in jazz history.
B00003CXTG|4.0|I don't know why my many people are attacking this movie aggresively. We do see movies about a battle or a war. And we do see movies about a story (whether it is a real one or not). And this movie combines both. Myself I enjoyed the movie from the beginning to the end. And I'll definitely buy the DVD sooner or later. I strongly recommend the movie to everyone, but becareful, get something to eat and go the toilet before entering to the movie, its a long one.
B00005LKIM|1.0|I had no idea what to expect from &quot;Hannibal&quot; except, like all other sequels, it couldn't compare to it's predecessor. Lambs was a very suspenseful and psychological thriller. I was not in suspense at all in this film, and the gore was so totally awful!!! I normally can stomach gore, when I expect it. But I didn't even think that Lambs' was that gory. Lambs had an appeal of it's own with the tension between the characters, and the amazing acting. It was an excellent movie that will always remain a classic. Hannibal, however, is so gory. I just finished watching it, and am so repulsed. THis was not expected at all, maybe I should've read the reviews here first as alot of people sent out warnings of the extreme gore in this movie. Aside from the gore, I was very disappointed with this movie. The changing of actresses was just wrong, if Jodie Foster didn't want to do it(and i can see why now), this movie should have never been made! I do like Julianne Moore as an actress, and I thought she did a fine job in taking over the role of Clarice Starling. Anthony Hopkins is great in this movie, it's appropriately titled as this movie is all about Hannibal. Not Hannibal and Clarice, just Hannibal. IT focuses more on his running than the chase that ensues once Clarice, the Italian policeman, and Mason Verger appear. Mason Verger...one of the oddest characters on film! HE is almost as sick and twisted as Hannibal, but at least Hannibal is nicer to look at. Mason had been &quot;attacked&quot; by Hannibal and is the only survivor of Lecter's. I never realized that it was Gary Oldman playing him til the end credits...GARY OLDMAN, he is a great actor, but where is the ability to change character types? He is so stereotyped now. THis is definitely his most outrageous! and the makeup job is so amazingly gross!!! this is a very gross movie. I never found this movie scary or suspenseful. It had a few laughs, and some great acting.-- Hopkins and Oldman. They should have left Ray Liotta out, as he is and always will be one of the worst actors in the history of film. Then we wouldn't have to witness that most disturbing scene in the film. It really made me hate this movie as the gore here does not do anything to help the story in my opinion. I wouldn't recommend this movie. I think it is one of the worst of the year 2001 if not of all time. If you are a big fan of gore, maybe you'll like it for that one reason because this movie has nothing else going for it.Liotta out, as he is and always will be one of the worst actors in the history of film. Then we wouldn't have to witness that most disturbing scene in the film. It really made me hate this movie as the gore here does not do anything to help the story in my opinion. I wouldn't recommend this movie. I think it is one of the worst of the year 2001 if not of all time. If you are a big fan of gore, maybe you'll like it for that one reason because this movie has nothing else going for it.
B00005MAM2|5.0|This 1989 animation movie remains one of the best animation movie ever made. Katsuhiro Otomo created a real masterpiece
B000002MX7|4.0|Chaka Khan may be the most important female R &amp; B singer to emerge over the past thirty years. Divas and divas-in-waiting like Whitney Houston and Mary J. Blige have covered her material and attempted to copy her trademark sensual scream (though no one comes close). This compilation helps to explain her importance. At the time this collection was issued in 1996, Chaka's first four albums were out of print in this country. Some of its biggest hits are thankfully found here, like &quot;I'm Every Woman,&quot; &quot;Papillon,&quot; &quot;What'cha Gonna Do For Me,&quot; along with later classics such as &quot;I Feel For You&quot; and &quot;Ain't Nobody.&quot; Unfortunately left off though are the top ten smashes &quot;Clouds&quot; and her remake of the Michael Jackson ballad &quot;Got To Be There&quot; (which eats the original for breakfast, lunch, and dinner). Those two are major hits that should have been included. Also puzzling is the exclusion of any tracks from 1992's THE WOMAN I AM (easily her strongest and most consistent album). Instead of just presenting all of Chaka's biggest chart hits, it appears that the compilers wanted to make a statement as to her tremendous versatility by including some of her most adventurous work. &quot;Love Me Still,&quot; from the film CLOCKERS, is a folky acoustic number which shows Chaka doesn't need vocal histrionics to shine. &quot;Night In Tunisia&quot; finds her comfortably inhabiting the world of jazz, while her rendition of Billie Holiday's &quot;The End Of A Love Affair&quot; reveals this lady can also sing the blues. EPIPHANY also included five new recordings, of which only &quot;Never Miss The Water&quot; with Me'Shell Ndegeocello takes its place among Chaka's greatest work (though the ballad &quot;Your Love Is All I Know&quot; and her reggae take on Fleetwood Mac's &quot;Everywhere&quot; are certainly enjoyable). Hopefully a second Best Of volume with all of the key missing recordings will be released by Warner Brothers (or Rhino) someday soon.
B00003CXSP|5.0|First let me ask: if you don't want gore then why, pray tell, are you watching a movie titled after a cannibal? I read this book as soon as it was released and could not help myself from cringing (then salivating for more) while my eyes paced through the pages. The movie is even better than the book, though matching it scene for scene. This is not a slowly building thriller about a dumb, sexually driven killer and the bright rookie trying to catch him. Rather, it is a shocker about a worn-down veteran chasing a man with too much taste and intelligence for his own good. Lecter's mind extends beyond morality. This is what makes him threatening. This is what makes him the most evil of any thing you will ever see on the screen. This movie is about depravity. If you don't know that going in, then you're as dumb as Gumm. Despite the gore--and including it--this film is very well done, superbly stylized and should leave your jaw on the floor by the end. A stunning peek into the baseness of the human mind when it ventures too far beyond the bounds of the humane.
B00005ASHM|5.0|This time in 2 different mixes. Authentitcity in the mono version, and a stereo version for Hi-Fi freaks. I'm over the moon about this one
B000002VC5|5.0|My dad bought this on cassette back in 1984. This was basically the first album to expose me in to the world of progressive rock. At that point, I was very unhappy with the music scene at that time (hair metal, Cyndi Lauper, etc.) and then my dad brought this tape home and I was impressed. I felt like the 1970s returned. I Robot, in my book, is the Alan Parsons Project at their finest. It's also easily their most synthesizer dominated album. I have always been most fond of the title track, &quot;Some Other Time&quot;, &quot;The Voice&quot;, &quot;Nucleus&quot;, &quot;Total Eclipse&quot;, and &quot;Genesis Ch. 1 V. 32&quot;. &quot;I Wouldn't Want To Be Like You&quot; is the most popular cut on this album, but I never felt this was the best one on the album. The 1970s was friendly to the Alan Parsons Project. After 1978's Pyramid, I felt the Alan Parsons Project began to repeat themselves over and over, reaching a low point with Vulture Culture, Stereotomy, and Gaudi. So if you're not a huge APP fan, like myself, but like their music, I can very highly recommend I Robot.
B0000020C4|3.0|sigh. lea salonga indeed DOES have a gorgeous voice.. but where is the character eponine? i don't care what you guys think - frances ruffelle IS eponine. lea's voice is too precise for the part, and her enunciation in on my own really bothers me. (and-when-i-lose-my-way) she sounds like she is shouting. frances' version has the passion that eponine needs, besides, lea isn't much of a belter. and eponine's part is basically belting! sure frances' voice isn't crystal clear - but that isn't eponine's character. just compare the OMO's... who sounds more like she is in misery, and desperate? frances. i highly recommend the original london cast, or the original broadway cast (esp. if eponine is your favorite character)
B00000JAXT|3.0|I bought this album simply because I wanted to hear how Robert Wyatt sounded like outside the world of Soft Machine. Well, at first, I wasn't too impressed with Little Red Record. I found the music seem to be rather wanky and directionless, but then it started to grow on me. Side one (if you own the original LP, I think it was the first four or five cuts) seems to fumble, but side two (the last three or four songs) tends to work better. For some reason the band worked better when they were more experimental (like on side two) than they were doing fusion noodling. The thing I love of side two is one piece starts with this creepy sounding synthesizer courtesy of Brian Eno. Another piece is a short piece that sounds closest to Soft Machine, and that last piece is simply an unbelievable piece that starts off in that jazzy Canterbury style and gets quite experimental at the end with the electric piano. I don't suggest Little Red Record to those who are new to the Canterbury scene. I suggest they should try Soft Machine's Third, Caravan's In the Land of Grey &amp; Pink, or Hatfield &amp; the North's self-entitled debut first.
B00003CX5P|5.0|Yes there is a plot, a story, and acting in The Phantom Menace; more ever, there was more to it than just F/X in this film! It would seem that the Fanboys have invaded this place to express their limited opinion about this film. I find it my job to add my rebuddal to their case, and defend a movie saga that I love. <br />I cannot see how a film that can be so bad, that it end up making over 430 million dollars at the U.S. box office? One would have to conclude that there are far less nay sayers, and that they are very vocal about their hatred for a good film. I am sure these are the people that would say: &quot;The Matrix was a better movie.&quot; If that were true, would it have made more money than The Phantom Menace? Thus showing that the Fanboys are out numbered, in their idea that The Phantom Menace was a bad movie! <br />Fanboys say: &quot;So, why was Jar Jar put into the movie?&quot; Well if you watched it, you will understand that they needed Jar Jar to bring the Gungans, and the people of Theed together. So, they can fight the Trade Federation in the end. Also, unless you don't have kids of your own (and most fanboys don't); it would be hard to understand the enjoyment they have watching Jar Jar. So please put your own selfishness aside, and let kids enjoy a character that does have a purpose in the Star Wars Universe. Keep watching the new Star Wars sagas, and find out! <br />Now Fanboys what do you really want from a 9 year old? Is life so bad for you, that your going to base a whole movie on a kid that has to act like a 9 year old? LOL.. How pathetic can you get? Is it so hard to see, or even look at the idea of loss of innocents? Can you not see a boy that is full of hope, and dreams of doing good for everybody one day; just to see all that strip away in the end. Can you not see the power, or even the sadness behind that? For a young actor, Jake Lloyd did do a good job acting out his part as Anakin Skywalker. <br />FanBoys say: &quot;What is with that stoooooooooopid pod race?&quot; Well--if you were not watching the movie, may be they need a way off the planet, with out having the Trade Federation after them there! Hummmm?!?! <br />Fanboys say: &quot;I don't get it, I thought Yoda trained Obi-Wan?&quot; If you were paying attention, and I know some of you need to be spoon feed anymore. What were one of the first lines that Obi-Wan say to Qui-Gon?: &quot;But master Yoda told me to be mind full of the future.&quot; Boom, there you have it off the bat, so please pay attention in what you are watching!<br />Until a fanboy do make a movie better than The Phantom Menace, as they claim they can do, I'll be waiting to see your work, and effort to see for myself that you can do a better job. Other than that keep complaining, because that is all you will ever do.<BR> <BR>I did find The Phantom Menace on par with the rest of the Star Wars saga, and that it gets better ever time I see it. I found it refreshing that it did not copy everything that the first three movies did! This is a new Trilogy, with a new direction that will connect with the original trilogy in the end. So, please don't let people try to talk you not getting or buying this movie! Find our for yourself, please:) Than make your opinion known, I am sure you will enjoy this movie. <br />The Phantom Menace is a great movie, like the rest of the Star Wars Saga. It is different from the rest, and I am happy about that; because it is NEW story, that needs to be different from the first Trilogy! Would you like watching the same story again? I know I would not:) <br />I am happy to see that we are going to get this on DVD now. I have been waiting forever to get a Star Wars Movie on DVD. It would seem we are going to have to wait for another 4 to 6 years to get the whole saga on DVD, and I'll be there to buy them when they do.<br />p.s. so if the fanboys best complaint are about The Phantom Menace are two characters, and the titles of the Star Wars movie. I say we are in pretty good shape! Let them complain, while we enjoy a great movie over and over again.<br />p.s.s. Bring on Episode II: Attack of the Clones! It is going to be great, because it is a Star Wars Film! I can hear the FanBoys already crying about that title. LOL!! Silly Fanboys, take a breath, and enjoy The Phantom Menace for what it is... <br />ENTERTANMENT:-)
0790736233|5.0|As a great fan of the late Carl Sagan's book &quot;Contact&quot; I was worried this movie would not stay true to the idealogy and themes of the original. I was extremely pleasantly suprised. Not only did it stay true, but the slight modification to the story added a whole sub-theme to the story, adding an element of beliefs and religion and how we justify our beliefs that wasn't in the book. It was an enhancement that only improved the story, which was great as it was. The acting is superb and well cast.
B000056K04|4.0|I like many have become a big Dave Matthews fan in the last few years. When his lastest CD, Everyday, came out I went that day to purchase it. This CD has now become one of my very favorites and my very favorite Dave CD. The power behind this CD is remarkable, the words are stronger than in many of his CDs and the music is top notch. I agree with some others that this CD is different than a lot of DMB's other CDs. To me this means they are growing as artists and willing to change and mix things up a bit. That's not to say this CD doesn't have that Dave sound, because it's unmistakeably DMB. Stand out songs include, the lastest single, &quot;The Space Between,&quot; plus amazing songs, &quot;Angel&quot; and &quot;Everyday.&quot; This CD will not disappoint any DMB fans and if you aren't one this is a great CD anyway and will surely make you a DMB fan.
B00003JRCQ|5.0|The British somehow are just a touch better at historical drama than Hollywood and this is another demonstration of that. It stays true to the book but is at the same time entertaining, engaging and lovely. It is a lovingly done adaptation that doesn't barter celebrity for entertainment value. The lead characters aren't perfect beauties or People's sexiest men, but have a better, real-life sexiness and attractiveness that gives the story more honesty. A must for any Austen or historical drama fan.
B000000OYQ|5.0|For those dogs that like their Led Zeppelin without any frills, this is the bone for you. Years after the tragic end to Led Zeppelin, Jimmy Page released Outrider to very little fanfare, but if guitar rock is your thing, then this is definetly one for you, not a single keyboard used, and don't let that fool you into thinking the sound isn't full, think again this is Mr. Jimmy Page we're talking about here. Jason Bonham occupies the drum stool for seven of the nine tracks, and a more than adequate job he does of it to, you can never compare two musicians fairly, but let us just say that his father would have been more than proud. To these floppy ears it's the instrumentals on the album that really take the biscuit, showing the likes of Eric Johnson &amp; Kenny Wayne Shepherd how to play with flash but keep it interesting. Although all the songs sound as if they have been recorded by a band who've known each other for years, actually Jimmy uses 2 drummers, 3 bassists &amp; spread over the 6 vocal tracks 3 vocalists, the very underrated John Miles (he of \\"music\\" fame) handles the first brace with his usual aplomb. Chris Farlowe (\\"Tears Go By\\", Atomic Rooster &amp; Colosseum) takes the final curtain calls, when he engagingly stutters his opening delivery of \\"I've be a b-b-b-b-b-bad b-boy and I've been a bad boy all night long\\" you can actually hear him smirk &amp; wink over Page's bleeding electric guitar, of course after this the lyrics descend even further into bloke rock, and the guys seem to be having the time of their lives. The final vocalist used is of course Jimmy Page's old sparring partner, Percy himself Mr. Robert Plant, and it's a credit to the other two that this song is not the stand out track of the album, I think that has to go to the 12-bar of \\"Prison Blues\\", if Mott could get his paws round a guitar neck, this is the way he'd play guitar, with legs astride, head thrown back, in front of 250,000 screaming women. As in the last quote this album may be a little self indulgent, but they sure don't make albums like this anymore, and to make sure it was just right Jimmy Page even produced the whole thing himself. If you still not convinced, try lending an ear to Jimmy Page's latest release with the Black Crowes where he revamps his old Led Zeppelin Catalogue as well as bashing through some old chestnuts. Listen &amp; Believe. Mott the Dog.little self indulgent, but they sure don't make albums like this anymore, and to make sure it was just right Jimmy Page even produced the whole thing himself. If you still not convinced, try lending an ear to Jimmy Page's latest release with the Black Crowes where he revamps his old Led Zeppelin Catalogue as well as bashing through some old chestnuts. Listen &amp; Believe. Mott the Dog.
6303471730|2.0|This particular product (not the authorized version) of the was a very grainy copy, the copy was blotchy like it had been posterized. Also several scenes are missing.
B00001QEE7|5.0|The 3rd Disney Classic added to my DVD collection, &quot;The Little Mermaid&quot; was really a big accomplishment for Disney. Since it was their first true classic in many, many years. Even though it does not have the same feel as the one's that Walt Disney overlooked himself, it is appealing and fits well among the top Disney films of all time. I was a little disapointed at the Disc's picture quality, but the Dolby Digital 5.1 sound is fine for the film. I guess this is fine for the time being, since this film was selected to be part of Disney's &quot;Platinum Editon&quot; Line, I'm sure under that banner the DVD will be an ulitmate collectable. The Double - Oscar winning &quot;Little Mermaid&quot; would be a great addition (but there are better ones) to any DVD collection.
0553583182|5.0|This book is a great introductory book in psychology and spirituality. It explains many different techniques used and case studies and examples why this method of prayer works and other methods don't and so many psychology methods/theories explained that is needed to know, it's a wonderful book. After reading this book no person or tv evangelists or pop-star etc.. can take advantage of me anymore. After reading this book, I take more of the bible seriously in certain aspects because this is 100% true whatever you believe you become as it's said in the bible &quot;as a man thinkeths so is he&quot;. I will always keep thinking of this passage in the bible &quot;greater is he who is in you than is in the whole wide world&quot; and I have started to understand the bible even more. It's worth buying.
6304712936|5.0|Despite some 172 reviews of this masterpiece, I still feel that I have to add mine in order to legitimize myself. So great is the quality of this movie that it hardly seems possible that I first viewed it back in 1984. Amadeus is still fresh in my mind and likely to remain so forever. This is a testament to it's enduring greatness. The movie concerns two composers, Mozart (the greatest composer who ever lived, the &quot;musical Christ&quot;, as Tchaikovsky called him) and Salieri (a relative nobody). Alright, we know that Salieri was not responsible for Mozart's death in history, but the movie isn't total fiction either. Many of the people were real and some of the events portrayed in the movie actually did happen. The genious behind this movie is the way the author combined fact and fiction into one hellava entertaining story. Is the movie long? Yes, but you are so caught up in the story that the time flys by. Amadeus won 8 oscars and each was justified, believe me! Did I mention the scenery, costumes, and....oh yes, the sublime music? OUTSTANDING in every sense. You don't even have to like classical music to be wowed by Amadeus, but chances are that after you see Amadeus you'll be buying Mozart's music like crazy. Don't believe me?....buy this DVD or VHS and find out!!! There should be a 10 star rating available for this one.
B00005MAM2|5.0|This was the first anime I saw about seven years ago. But when I saw this version, it was better than my first time.
B000002H5I|5.0|I just got this tape at the record store for under 4 bucks.I always wanted to get into Tracys music after hearing the touching,&quot;FastCars,&quot; with the great Acoustic guitar and voice of Chapman.My other favorite numbers,the romantic,&quot;Baby can I hold you,&quot; is so different from the rest of the record,and the last number,&quot;For You.&quot; This tape has alot of songs dealing with the problems from the late 80's,and there still going on today.I really enjoyed this record.
B000002BUY|5.0|Buy this CD if you are an incubus fan. I loved it from beginning to end. I'm very satisified.
B000002LCK|5.0|If you were stuck on an island and can only listen to one CD, I suggest you pick &quot;Substance&quot; by New Order. Instantly a classic. Every song in this compilation cd is beyond anything that is released elsewhere. This cd showcases the styles and changes that New Order as a band has gone through spanning the first 7 years of there career. &quot;Ceremony&quot; is deep, dark, and beautiful. &quot;Everything's Gone Green&quot; is a heavy drum machine driven beat comparable to current rave songs. &quot;Temptation&quot; is a style in it's own, happy, melancholic, and dreamy at the same time. With &quot;Bizarre Live Triangle&quot;, &quot;True Faith&quot;, &quot;Perfect Kiss&quot;, and &quot;State of the Nation&quot;, the cd quickly changes pace and turns electronic with synths while still retaining Peter Morris's awesome drum beats. This CD is so varied that you will not believe the songs were created by the same band. Every song style is so different from each other but still retains the familiarity that is &quot;New Order&quot;. The second CD is full of b-sides, but is still good enough to hold it's own. Highly recommended indeed!
B00004ZD69|5.0|How you found out about Godspeed is unimportant. Buying this CD is. Let me assure you that you will glad that you've discovered this band. Buy this cd, listen to it, and then spread the word. This is simply beautiful music.
B00004ST9Q|5.0|Whitney hasn't exactly been an angel these past few years. Strange marriage, erratic behavior, drugs.. etc.. makes you forget about the thing that's most important in her public life - The Voice. Ah, the voice is in fine shape. This is one of the best music DVD's I've purchased - loaded with extras, live performances, and her lengthy list of videos. The debut TV performance on Merv Griffin, the Star Spangled Banner, the absolutely electrifying performance of &quot;One Moment in Time&quot; from the Grammy's - all of these are included as bonuses to compliment her rather diverse range of music videos. It's easy to get caught up in the public gabfest about Whitney's personal life, but this look back at her highly successful career is a reminder that Whitney was (and still is) one of the most powerful voices in pop music. Here's to hoping that $100 million contract with Arista produces more of the same.
B00004XQ83|5.0|I am by no means a bluegrass or country music fan, but the music on this soundtrack consists of some of the most beautiful pieces I have ever heard. The music is a tremendously important part of the movie, &quot;O Brother, Where Art Thou?&quot; When I'd heard people say this, I thought for sure I would hate the movie because I wouldn't like the music. This music has such a mellow, enduring quality that reaches all musical tastes. The soundtrack certainly does not lack variety. There are 4 different versions of the &quot;Man of Constant Sorrow,&quot; which is the track that most would be familiar with from the movie previews. Each version possesses unique qualities that almost make it sound like an entirely new song! Bottom line, this is great music, regardless of your taste. Give it a try!!
6305428425|5.0|Yeah, it's very similar to Clueless .. but this fine comedy is much more than that. It's a lighthearted, funny and original approach to a topic familiar to anyone who has ever dealt with the reality of the passage of time and the sense of accountability you have to the past when reunions come along. Aside from delivering some classic lines (&quot;Getting mono was like the best diet EVER&quot;), Kudrow is hilarious in her role, and Mira Sorvino flexes her comic muscles in an atypical role. My ten year reunion is coming up next month, and while I won't have to claim that I invented Post It's as my post-high school accomplishment, anyone could relate to wanting to go back and impress people who were so important so many years ago. Other similar movies to check out in this genre: Clueless, Bring it On. &quot;Let's fold scarves!&quot;
0385484518|5.0|This is a touching, poignant, insightful book... Morrie's unique perspective on life--his opinions and views--are undoubtedly significant, especially now where the current mindset seems to tend towards material and not emotional and spiritual well-being. The book is inspiring without being preachy, moving without being too mushy. After reading this book, I felt a heightened sense of appreciation and, yes, an outpouring of love for my family and friends. Worth reading...
B00003CXSP|2.0|I guess the first indicator should have been that Jodie Foster didn't want anything to do with the project.. but having loved the first movie so much, I figured I had to see where the characters had gone in 10 years.. I should have left it to my imagination. The only mainstay of the 2-part series was Hannibal Lecter's cannabilistic ways. Jodie Foster WAS Clarice Starling, and the best part of the first film was her on-screen chemistry with Hopkins' Lecter. Moore's characterization of Clarice, hardened and bitter after 10 years with the FBI, was well-executed, but again, had it been a great part, Foster would have taken it. The violence in the movie is muted but gratuitous; it's as if the makers had to find the most disgusting way to portray Lecter's cannabilism. Gutting someone while hanging them over a church balcony and feeding someone else his brain while the top of his head sat on the table? Nasty. Equally so for the end of the movie. There doesn't seem to be any reason this movie was made at all - while we learn a bit more about Lecter's background and character, it's nothing that made him any more interesting or watchable than the first. Hopefully, there won't be a third installment.
B00001ZWBQ|3.0|I was really expecting more from this DVD! It certainly contains great songs but there are so many BEE GEES GREAT songs that are not on this DVD. If you build collections, then you'll love this DVD but if you think this DVD contains thier biggest hits... look somewhere else!
B00000IQC8|5.0|For all of you who are familiar with Kevin Smith and his work, let me say that I know that this DVD is expensive, but believe me, it is well worth it for the directors commentary alone (which is hilarious, featuring a drunk Jason Mewes aka: Jay), not to mention the original ending. For all of you who are not familiar with this movie or Kevin Smith, if you like comedy flicks, have worked as a clerk or both, you will definately enjoy this movie. I work overnight at a truck stop in Pennsylvania, and my co-workers and I have quoted lines from this movie several times a day; most notably &quot;This job would be great if it wasn't for the _______ customers&quot;. This is not a big money Hollywood flick. This is an independant, black and white movie, and the first of what would later be refered to as &quot;The Jersey Trilogy&quot; (Clerks, Mallrats &amp; Chasing Amy). Clerks is a stripped down, raw comedy that will leave you laughing every time you see it. If you currently or have ever in your life worked as a clerk, you absolutely must see this movie. You will definately identify with some situations (&quot;How much is this, anyway?&quot;).
B000056N8X|5.0|I enjoyed the first and third movie, but I loved the TV series even more. I was glad that this movie was made to fit along with the series. I was elated when I saw some of the television characters included as well. It definately helps to know most of the subject matter from the show (the Watchers) and that immortals live violent lives and 'anything goes'. I hope that there will be another movie in the near future.
B00005LKIM|4.0|&quot;Hannibal&quot;, the lastest of the Hannibal Lecter's sagas, is a masterpiece of horror, and in Ridley's Scott's capable hands, leaps over the previous two movies, including &quot;Silence of the Lambs,&quot; and &quot;Manhunter.&quot; Scott is a master of atmosphere and here he creates a great, foggy, dark, scary atmosphere that the story needs. Yes the story is rather baroque and preposterous but what images of horror! The previous two films can't touch the attention to detail, the dark atmospheres, so many bravura scenes, and gore. Anthony Hopkins tops himself again as Lecter, if that is possible. Julianne Moore is good as Agent Starling, never inferior to Jody Foster-Miss Moore makes the character her own. Gary Oldman is horrifyingly effective as the rich, twisted Mason Verger. A few characters from the novel were left out but not missed. The trappings of Lecter from Italy to the United States are bloody and clever and exciting. The ending. My God the ending-one of the most horrifying, funny, over the top torchers in movie history. Ridley Scott directs it all with great artistry. The end could have been better and leaves one a little satisfied for more-obviously a set up for another sequel. But I double dare you to try to sleep soundly after watching this at night alone, or cuddled up with a loved one. Definitely way too intense and violent for children but a must see for horror fans and fans of well-crafted movie making.
6305428050|5.0|I absolutely love this movie! It makes me laugh with its quirky eighties' humor and drama. Whenever I watch this movie I always have a good time and it makes me realize why it is one of my ultimate favorite movies. The DVD is so much better in quality than VHS that it's like night and day! All I can say is, if you love this movie like I do, you will definetly want to own it on DVD!!
B00005A1PR|5.0|This CD is so original, it is filled with India Arie's soulful, deep voice, an amazing range which will only get better. Her guitar playing is singular. I was moved by &quot;Ready for Love&quot; and &quot; Always in My Head&quot;. &quot; Video&quot; is an insightful testimonial and a piece of music genius. &quot; Brown Skin&quot; is sensual and sexy. You cannot got wrong with this CD!
B00000269M|5.0|Michael Jackson was without a doubt the king of rock and roll in the 80's in 79 he released Off the Wall, then the masterpiece Thriller, then this album Bad these songs never die on this CD every song is one you want to listen to over and over so why not buy it!!!!!
B00000ICD9|3.0|The DVD version is definitely the way to watch this film, as there are only a few good scenes, with the rest being pretty formulaic and saccharine, the usual impossibly nice and impossibly rich Hollywood fantasy character as hammed by Robin Williams. Yet for all its nauseating flaws, the movie's got a few killer scenes that are both visually stunning AND thought provoking to boot! This alone is so extremely rare in these last days of the decline of Western civilisation, that it is worth catching. For me, it was a poignant expression of Sartre's immortal insight that 'Hell is other people'. Indeed. And heaven is a garden of eden with perhaps just one or two other people. Yet another symptom of the building population explosion anxiety, where humans increasingly detest each other merely because there are so many of them who are just like us!!!
0671024256|5.0|One of the first things I look for when I pick up a book on how to write is the author's writing credits. Too many times I've seen books on writing by authors who really don't have much experience in actually doing it. There's no question that Stephen King knows what he's talking about. His massive volume of work speaks for itself. &quot;On Writing&quot; is a combination of King's personal commentary on his life and his simple tips for aspiring writers. The book is a candid glimpse into the mind of a literary genius and is one of the best sources of writing instruction I have ever read. The simple fact that King gets right to the point on his tips, rather than dragging them out into 20-page chapters is well worth a good review in itself. That he shows us who he is and where he has come from, adds depth to the man. I highly recommend this book for any aspiring author.
0767817648|3.0|Have you ever wondered what life would be like if...it was the future? All books were burned? Aliens invaded? Then you've probably turned to sci-fi to live out your dystopian (or utopian) fantasies. So in the never-ending quest for the right drug, take the blue pill. Blue Thunder, that is. Blue Thunder explores all possible options for expostion. Such a revisionist history usually attempts to redefine science fiction in film-specific terms, opting variously for epistemologically based or image-based criteria instead of the source-based or narrative-based assumptions that have so far shaped most discussions of SF film. Not so with Ol' Blue Thunder. Central to the genius of this film is the reconsideration of the question of whether cinemato graphic aspects of film production could themselves mark film as science fictional or provide in themselves phenomena worthy of consideration by the SF community--the spectacle of production technology deserving and rewarding our attention just as surely as do narratives about the impact of technology. And the SF community would have a lot better things to talk about than cinemato graphic aspects if they did the wild thing more often, instead of drooling over Captain Kirk's tush in Star Trek! The fleeting colaboration of brilliant thespian (Rob Schneider) and brilliant director (John Badham), combined with the building blocks of life known as craft service (oh yeah, and let's not forget the writers!) made one tour de force without the tour or the force, so I guess this film is just made of &quot;de&quot; (get it?) So what are you doing still reading this review? Go out and rent it!
0156907399|5.0|I must have read this novel at least five or six times, and every time I return to it I re-discover its greatness; I also discover things I haven't noticed before. I've read it on my own, and for class assignments, and for writing major papers about it, and it remains, for me, the best book written in the twentieth century. It's not about plot (it doesn't really have much of it), nor about any one specific topic or theme - it is about human relationships, and how, even in a small grouping of people, these relationships assume a depth that is above and beyond the pettiness of their actual concerns. It is, however, a rather difficult book to read, especially if you're expecting a plot-driven story, and requires patience. As you can obviously understand by my words so far, however, it is more than worth it.
B00003CXA2|1.0|This movie proves along with titanic that people in the 90's have no idea what a great or even good movie looks like. The 1st thing a great movie needs is a story with a point. Just jumping from place to place is beyond dumb, not to mention a man with Gump's IQ making it big in life. But the real reason this movie should never have been made is that it kept the best movie of the 90's (pulp fiction) from winning the awards it should have. In 50 years people will stil talk about Pulp no one will even see Gump.
0671024256|5.0|I enjoyed the book because it was fun learning about writing tips from a master. In addition, it was fascinating to read about the author's life and the way his life has influenced his writing. I have read about half of King's books. I enjoy the types of stories he writes, but this was great. It was a personally revealing book and yet extremely enlightening on some tools of the writing trade.
B000002URV|5.0|Everyone who buys this CD loves it for its relaxational qualities and that would be enough to woo me to buying it...but there is much more than meets the ear. Knowing that the lead track &quot;Sadeness&quot; was a reference to the Marquis De Sade...that champion among heratics...I began to really delve into the story inside the sound and this is what I found. This whole CD is an allegory...the Gregorian chant represents the voice of God. The panflute represents the Devil since much of the image we have of him is based on the Greek God Pan. The woman and the man petition both in a search for catharsis. The struggle of church vs. sexuality which was De Sade's theme in many of his writings. The only screwball in my theory is the track &quot;Callas Went Away&quot; which although beautiful does not go with the rest of the album. So if you have a taste for a CD which relaxes the senses and stimulates the mind than Enigma is for you. Not convinced? The song &quot;Sadeness&quot; caused an uproar among the Papacy due to its reference to De Sade and the inclusion of sacred music! Not surprising that the next album CROSS OF CHANGES would seem a more &quot;safe effort&quot;.
B00003CXRM|4.0|The Coen Brothers have turned out yet another stylish film with a title that is a clunker. ... The Hudsucker Proxy, anyone? Still, as is The Hudsucker Proxy, this film is whimsically amusing and highly stylized, though it probably will not be everyone's cup of tea. Fans of the Coen Brothers, however, will think that they have died and gone to heaven, when they see this, their latest film.<br /> The film takes place in Mississippi, the heart of the deep south, during the depression. Ulysses Everett McGill, charmingly played by George Clooney, who displays some real comedic talent, is a dapper dan of a fellow. Working on a chain gang, he escapes along with two other felons, disarmingly played by John Turturro and Tim Blake Nelson. They are on their way to hunt up some buried treasure, the proceeds of a robbery, which McGill claims to know about. It later turns out that this was a mere ruse on the part of McGill, as he really had a different agenda.<br /> During their episodic odyssey, they encounter a motley crew of characters who brighten the cinematic landscape. The film also resonates with the sounds of blue grass and down home country music. The cinematography is wonderful, as it conveys the dustbowl feeling of the depression era, rural countryside. All in all, it makes for a pretty terrific, though highly unusual, film. Funny and, at times, enigmatic, it is a film only the Coen Brothers could or would make.
B00005NOOH|5.0|This is IT!.....The ULTIMATE WWII series - nothing else even comes close! 25 hours of thourough detail, authentic (and rare!) footage, interviews with American, British, German, Italian &amp; Japanese veterans...Hitler's chauffer and secretary..concentration camp survivors....Japanese and Marine veterans from the Pacific..this one has it all and then some.... It does not present the war in a totally chronological order, but intentionally so to keep similar subject matter flowing. If you're a WWII buff, this is an absolute MUST HAVE...and if you're not a WWII buff, this series may just turn you into one! NOTHING ELSE COMES CLOSE....nor do I expect anything in the future to, either...
B00004XONN|5.0|This is a note to all the one star reviewers. If your not willing to give an album a chance, dont even bother listening to it. This is not boy band crap where you can pop it in and automatically find it catchy and like it. This is music beyond anyone but radiohead's comprehension. I myself was skeptical after about two listens but after it grows on you it becomes one of your all time favorites. The weird sounds are there for a reason. But my point is if you judge an album just listening to the first five seconds of each song, you dont even need to be reviewing. This music is for eclectic and mature tastes, so if you are into more into the artificial TRL boy bands taking your money, just leave and stop giving radiohead a bad rep. If you can honestly say that you have listened to the whole album through over and over again and still dont like it, more power to you. Write a review on the board. Although its highly unlikely you will not like this album after several listens.
0802130208|5.0|A Confederacy of Dunces is one of the best books I've ever read. It's a brilliant, completely hysterical study of alienation and the absurdities of 20th century existence. I could not put this book down--I finished it the day after I started it, breaking only because of physical necessity. The reviewers who claim that it drags probably didn't understand some of the subtleties. A must read.
B00003CXSP|1.0|This is surely one of the worst wastes of talent ever served up by Hollywood. Ridley Scott shoots some pretty scenes. Julianne Moore is beautiful, as always. Hopkins is game. Unfortunately, their efforts don't add up to anything. Blame the writer. I've read Hannibal (I'm ashamed to admit it), and If there had been any oversized wild pigs around, I would have fed it to them gladly after turning the last page. Pretentious dreck. No surprise that Jodie Foster wouldn't have anything to do with this debacle. I'd be willing to bet that Julianne Moore wishes she'd stayed home as well.
B000002GFT|5.0|You can not go wrong with this album if you are looking for English Folk rock at its best..there is something mysterious and magical about this album...Richard Thompson at his best - Sandy Denny's voice was Fairport. If you like todays genre for acoustic rock - add this to your collection - its a master piece
B000006YYW|4.0|This was a must have album for me as a true die-hard fan of the Bee Gees. I will admit...that at first I wasn't to sure about this album, you have to give it a couple of tryouts. Truly, Robin Gibb has the most angelic voice on earth. I am extremely pleased with my purchase of this CD.
B000002OXU|5.0|The Who simply never did a better album. Not Tommy, not Quadrophenia, not Live at Leeds. I saw them last year in Atlanta and about half the concert consisted of songs from Who's Next. As well it should have. The songs, which were supposed to be part of Pete Townsend's Lifehouse project, are simply brilliantly conceived and played. Even Keith Moon is under some form of discipline here. I am glad that Townsend has worked Lifehouse into a coherent format in the last few years; it puts these songs into context.
B00005B4GU|4.0|I'll be honest, I've loved everything Radiohead ever did. When I heard &quot;OK Computer&quot; I thought it was a masterstroke from these guys, and that they couldn't do any better. When &quot;Kid A&quot; was released, I purchased it immediately, and after spending a week with it, I disliked it so much I got rid of it. Still, the album didn't leave my consciousness for some time. These are smart musicians, crafty songwriters - why would they make an album like this? All the soulful despair that made &quot;OK Computer&quot; an emotional record about an emotionless world seemed to disappear on &quot;Kid A&quot;. I was confused. Months later, I heard &quot;Pyramid Song&quot; from the &quot;Amnesiac&quot; album on the radio. This was more like it. Sure, it sounded as detached as any song on &quot;Kid A&quot;, but I got it. It seemed to return to the eerily beautiful Radiohead construct I knew. I purchased both albums, and hearing both of them together lit the light bulb in my head. Ahhh, so this is what it is! In essence, both &quot;Kid A&quot; and &quot;Amnesiac&quot; travel the same end-of-an-already-dead-world frame of mind that the band investigated on &quot;OK Computer&quot;. If you're disappointed with either of these albums and need a guide back into Radiohead-land, just study the still-haunting voice of Thom Yorke on either of these albums - it's still the same, only the frame of reference is different (the music, that is). Sure, crashing cymbals and crunchy guitar solos are replaced with blips and bleeps, and Yorke's dreamtime singing style is even more indecipherable lyrically, but it's got to be the most atmospheric sound I've heard in a long time. Both of these albums paint a picture of a world so cold and detached it's downright frightening. Yes! This is scary music. All those teenage afternoons Thom Yorke must of spent in his bedroom listening to the Smiths and the Cure must have gotten to him. I guess I'm reviewing both &quot;Kid A&quot; and &quot;Amnesiac&quot; together, and I think that's a helpful idea for anyone put off by either one of these albums. I needed to hear one album to understand the other, as they truly seem to be opposite sides of the same coin. Sure, the atmosphere and lyrics are even more doom-laden than &quot;OK Computer&quot; or your average Cure album, but it's still an album that, believe or not, furthers the Radiohead sound. They're a band who soulfully speaks about nothing, that nothing being a world whose people and trees are replaced by computers and antibiotics. Neither of these albums are a collection of songs, but rather, one continuous piece of music, like a classical suite or a jazz record. Gather your thoughts before you play either of these albums, because they're liable to vanquish once you hear them. They were brave for making this music, and it requires bravery to listen to it. It's the epitome of a nightmare - it's scary, but it's also very much a dream.
B0000026CN|3.0|On Blues For Salvador, Carlos Santana explores a somewhat softer more R&amp;B flavor sound. There is a lesser latin influence here but none the less these delightful sounds do creep up from time to time. This effort is almost exclusively an instrumental, as whatever vocals do exist are used more to emphasize the use of the human voice as a supporting instrument rather than as a dominant force. The songs themselves are not as catchy as on Supernatural, Abraxas, or Santana 3 but certainly have their captivating moments. The opening number, Bailando/Aquatic Park is a definite highlight as is the energetic Trane. Bella has some touching instrumentation as Carlos and Chester Thompson blend quite nicely together. Some of the other pieces lack a strong central melody. However, just the presence of Carlos's guitar make this a release that can be appreciated.
6303534422|5.0|I first saw this movie when I was in 4th. grade. My babysitter had it first, but her kids are older and they don't watch it anymore. I watched it two times in a row in one day and fell in love with it! My babsitter asked if I wanted it. I sayed you bet I do! I love the addictive songs and the catchy music! I have the soundtrack too. It's about an uncool teenager, Max (voiced by Jason Marsden) who wants to act cool. But it's hard for him to act cool when his dad is &quot;Goofy.&quot; (voiced by Bill Farmer) Everyone in his highschool always laughs at him because his dad always kisses him in front of everyone, and he falls over sometimes. But Max really likes this one girl, Roxanne. (voiced by Kelly Martin) Roxanne doesn't think he's goofy or wierd at all. But Max isn't so sure how to make her like him-except on the last day of school he thinks up a plan with his two buddies. So in front of the whole school he impresses her by doing a dance to his favorite music by the coolest rockstar on the planet, Powerline. (voiced by Tevin Campbell) After that he has to go to the principals office. Roxanne tells him she liked his dance. So they make plans to go to this Powerline party. Then the principal exagerates what Max did to his dad. Then Max finds out his dad wants him to go on vacation with him! He tells Roxanne a lie that he's actually going to the Powerline Concert instead of telling her he's going on vacation with his dad. I won't tell you anymore about the movie or I'll give the movie suprises away! This is a must have!!!!!!
B00000I07Q|2.0|Bon Jovi has certainly put together a few catchy singles during their career. The singles Bad Medicine and I'll Be There For you have some catchy hooks. Other tracks like Wild Is The Wind and 99 In The Shade are pretty captivating as well mostly based on Jon's emotional vocals. Love For Sale has a pretty creative arrangement as well. Other than these above comments, this CD has a fairly narrow appeal. The guitar playing is fairly redundant after a while... a squeal here, a power chord there, and the same annoying tone throughout most of the record. The drumming lacks in creativity as well. And the bass playing is almost nonexistent. An occasional catchy keyboard embellishment from time to time but mostly the annoying synthesizer rears its ugly head. And where Jon puts a lot of passion in his vocals, technically he is kind of ordinary.<br />The talent in this band is quite limited to the raw emotion from Bon Jovi's vocals.  Fans of 80's hair bands will love this to death.  However, I'll pass on it.
0812550706|5.0|I've never read anything by Orson Scott Card that wasn't at least very, very good (excellent is his usual territory). I think &quot;Ender's Game&quot; is his masterpiece (so far). (I haven't read the sequels yet, can they possibly sustain the comparison? I'll have to dive in and see.) Other reviewers have given some idea of the plot of this book, so I'll just say that very few adult or juvenile, popular or &quot;serious&quot; works of fiction in any genre can compare. It's not just my opinion; I bought the book for my nephew (one of those kids who hates to read) and he ate it up. If you like gaming and/or futuristic stories, or if you are interested in the workings of your own or others' minds &amp; hearts, read this book. It's stunningly good. If you like &quot;Ender's Game&quot; and other books in the series, don't stop there. Orson Scott Card has lots of other good stuff to offer--how about a frontier America where hexes and spells are a taken-for-granted part of everyday life?  (If this sounds interesting, check out the &quot;Seventh Son&quot; series.) I've been reading science fiction for over 20 years, and Orson Scott Card is one of very best the genre has to offer.
0679735259|4.0|i enjoyed this book.but some of the jargon was hard to decipher,not having a military background.it would have been nice to have some description on some of the wording and abbreviations.
B000002UA0|5.0|this album is no where near their best.it isnt even great.i like it and because it is floyd i give it 5 stars.but syd barret had almost no talent compared to roger waters...these older albums..pre-meddle...in them the really only good songs are the ones waters wrote.the people who like this album a lot because of the \\"sound\\" of it and the weird [stuff] syd did...are not very good people to listen to about floyd stuff...the things that made them great were waters writing skills...not the music...the music is a part of it but the lyrics are what makes this band the best.if you want to do some acid or smoke some pot and hear weird music and trip off it...then get this....but if you listen to music because you actually appreciate the ART of it....then buy albums like meddle,darkside of the moon,wish you were here,animals,the wall,final cut etc..but the syd stuff was pretty much for druggies
B00000IMCU|5.0|my god. george romero must be one of the darkest directors of all time. with this second installment in the, 'living dead,' trilogy (the first being the excellent, 'night of the living dead,' and the third being the inferior, 'day of the dead,') he goes berzerk with the gore, the tension, and, most of all, the social commentary. the story revolves around four people who are wandering around in a helicopter, trying to find canada. on their journey, they come across an abandoned shopping mall infested with the living dead, but otherwise intact. they decide to stop there for a few days, get supplies, and rest for a while. however, they start to get the idea that perhaps they shouldn't be in such a hurry to leave the mall. they exterminate all of the zombies in the place, and turn it into sort of a fun zone, taking full advantage of all the consumer goods the mall has to offer. they go ice-skating. they rob the bank. they play video games and play sports and stuff themselves silly with gourmet food, all the while oblivious to the unimaginable dangers that await them outside. but when the mall becomes under-siege by a renegade militia group, the survivors within face a challenge that is even harder than the walking dead... sick, bloody, and sometimes hilarious, this movie offers perhaps the most poignant look on how consumer atrocities like malls can control your life if your not careful. see it, laugh, scream, and wonder.
0064471837|5.0|Sabriel is a touching story about a young woman, tugged into a constant war against Death and the living Dead. A must have this book is Garth Nix's best. Mogget is soooooo cute! A must buy!
B00000JPH5|5.0|very few people from my generation can say that they didn't see, 'labyrinth,' when they were growing up. it's appeal hasn't died yet, and now, since i am older, i can appreciate this movie for all that it is, and on so many different levels. the story revolves around a teenage girl named sarah (jennifer connelly), who has yet to give up believing in fairy stories. her room is a shrine to her imagination, and she likes to dress up in costumes and pretend she is a character in the stories she loves so much. in reality, she is just a girl from the suburbs whose parents don't understand her and whose infant brother irritates the hell out of her. one night when she has to babysit for her parents, she wishes that the goblin king (presumably a character in a story), would take her little brother away, without realizing she actually does have the power to make this happen. the goblin king (david bowie) takes the infant to his castle, which lies at the center of a labyrinth, and it is sarah's responsibility to complete the maze within 13 hours, or her brother will become a goblin forever. what is interesting, though, is that the goblin king is madly in love with sarah, so it is hard to label him the villain in the movie (or just because bowie is so sexy). wild, imaginative, and unpredictable, 'labyrinth,' must be seen to be believed (plus it has some of the most demented muppets i've ever seen).
0345440757|5.0|After seeing Tracy Hogg on t.v. a while back, I knew I had to have this book...I only wish I read it before the baby came. Either way it has given me insight and understanding into my 3 month olds cues. She gives you a very simple and compassionate way of helping you and your baby find a rhythm to your day. Additionally if you've developed bad habits, she helps you to change them gradually. I highly recommend this book. It is a very easy read, I did it completely in two days. I have other reference books, but this one by far is indispensible.
B000001Y5J|5.0|This is all you need to know: Without a doubt, &quot;Broken&quot; is the purest expression of anger, rage, and hate I have ever had the pleasure to listen to.
0679879269|1.0|The first two books in this trilogy were thought-provoking and exciting. However, I think they were also very misleading. My family and I first thought that Pullman was writing from a Christian point of view. We knew he was buidling up to a final war between God and the &quot;fallen&quot; angels who rebelled against God at the beginning of the world. However, we were unprepared for, and shocked and dismayed to read, his portrayal of God and His angels in this third book. Pullman is nothing more than a God-hater. This is evident in his descriptions of God and His angels as either powerless and cowardly, or powerful but evil. This book was a terrible waste of time, and our time could have been far better spent reading anything else.
B00004Z459|4.0|This cd had napster to thank for the fact that it joined my collection. One by one as I downloaded songs from napster, I couldn't find one that I didn't like. After buying the cd I was pleasantly surprised. It is great from start to finish. Radio will no doubt kill this band by playing the same 2 songs over and over, but just about every song on the cd is a potontial &quot;single&quot;. The rap part almost bothered me until I sat down and paid attention to the lyrics, but I was hooked on the melodic chorus's immediately. Put together it makes for catchy tunes with alot to say in each.
B00004YA66|5.0|the movie was one of the best iv'e ever seen even though i am a real fan of just compleate action. it was probally the best movie i ever saw. the opening scene is ok and then everything gets good and then it shows that his father is...
0312954468|1.0|I cannot believe all the glowing &quot;reviews&quot; of this piece of tripe. It appears Smith did his &quot;research&quot; by watching 1950's movies about Egypt. If anyone is truly interested in reading well-researched books about engrossing characters set in ancient Egypt, I would suggest you head to the search page and look up ANYthing by Pauline Gedge. Her latest opus, THE LORDS OF THE TWO LANDS (a three book masterpiece) should make Smith and his sycophants hang their heads in shame.
B00005M4JS|5.0|Chocolat tell the story of a young woman and her daughter who come to a small French village to open a chocolate shop. The villagers are stifled by age-old customs which regulate everyday life. The mayor is the chief enforcer of the old mores and does his best to keep everything the way it has always been. The lovely chocolatier challenges the accepted order and replaces rules with warmth, hospitality, and every kind of chocolate you can imagine. The two become enemies when the mayor tries to close down the business by gossiping about its owner. A band of gypsies come to town and the mayor is even more incensed when she befriends them. This is a lovely film to be savored and enjoyed.....just like a delicious piece of chocolate!
6302548195|3.0|Yeah, Arnold can lift weights, and he can teach, but this isn't really a MOVIE, with adventure and plot- it's a weightlifting documentary type film, so ARNOLD FANS and Action fans, don't go out and rent this with a bag of popcorn in hand, because you will be turning on C-SPAN 2 before reaching the end of this film. Pumping Iron is good for studying and learning how to work your muscles. It isn't good for a Friday night flick. PUMPING IRON (1979) Rated: PG 3 1/2 stars out of 5.
044022425X|4.0|Diana Gabaldon's fourth novel in her Outlander series is a rarity in that time travel here is no gimick, but rather an intergrating aspect of plot. Moving from the 20th century to 18th century Scotland and on to the New World, heroine Clare Randall is somebody I could travel with. The great love between Clare and the 18th century Scot Jamie Fraser makes both of these characters believable and enjoyable. This is good reading for those of us who are bored with most contemporary fiction. Author Gabaldon stirs up an enthralling blend of imagination and historical research compelling the reader to keep turning those pages. Combined with strong plot lines, believable heroes and heroines,and a vivid cast of secondary characters, these books offer up adventure, history, mystery and an intense love story. Note: read these books in order and I'm hoping for a movie!
6305736650|5.0|The first thing that you notice when you watch Casablanca for the first time is the dialogue. This movie has more classic lines than just about any other ever made -- 'Round up the usual suspects', for example. Add to that great actors, starting with Bogart, who really makes this movie. His character is magnetic, compelling, bold and yet tender. Fabulous. Claude Rains as the chief inspector brings humor, wit and a sly intelligence to the role. Watching Bergman is watching the prototype for movie heroines of the golden age... The story itself, from 1942, was ahead of its time, talking about concentration camps in a way that seems almost cliche now but was the first script of its kind then. The bad guys -- hey, they're Nazis! You don't get better bad guys than that. As for the DVD, it's a really, really good print that looks great, with improved sound and an extended making of featurette that was originally made for VHS. Bottom line: This should be in everybody's movie collection.
048629823X|4.0|Marcus Aurelius is truly the pioneer in writing the first How-To book in history. His chapterized memoirs gives the reader to individually divide each insert and analyase it. For all who wish to live a better, hassle-free life, must read this book so they could implement the instructions given in it.
B00005LMWI|5.0|Kamelot's current vocalist is Roy S. Khan, the former singer of the now defunct Conception. Conception was one of my favorite bands, so I was pretty torn when they broke up. Khan joined with Kamelot, and in my ignorance I became resentful of Khan's new band. I wanted Conception, darn it, not this Kamelot junk! But the sheer quality of Kamelot's latest release, along with the preceding album The Fourth Legacy, mitigates my ire. And if you knew how much I loved Conception, you'd understand that that's the highest form of praise I can give Karma.<br /><br />In terms of songwriting, Karma is far beyond anything the band has done before. Even within the entire genre of symphonic melodic metal, Kamelot leaves their peers in their backwash. The Khan &amp; Youngblood songwriting core commands a vast musical vocabulary, capable of interlocking rich symphonic elements and driving, aggressive metal. When that ability is added to their emotional sensibility and a remarkable ear for melody, you know Karma has to be great. The Fourth Legacy's best song was the exciting opener, the awe-inspiring title track and its symphonic prelude. &quot;Forever,&quot; which begins Karma after keyboardist Miro's Braveheart-like composition, is likewise astonishing. Powerful orchestral strikes and choral exclamations underscore crisp, driving riffs, and a soaring chorus. Khan's voice is so powerful, especially his harmonies, and my body becomes racked with chills all throughout his shining delivery. &quot;Wings of Despair&quot; is tremendously uplifting, generating a spirit of heroism with the music and chorus. The incredible title track features a potent, spitfire guitar attack with elegant, crystalline pianos chords and glistening organ flourishes. &quot;The Spell&quot; is a harrowing and heavy song, while &quot;The Light I Shine On You&quot; has big inspiring melodies. The brimming optimism and big hooks are a boon to the band's music.<br /><br />Karma's ballads are songs of extraordinary beauty. &quot;Don't You Cry&quot; is a touching tribute to Youngblood's departed father. In four minutes it builds to lovely crescendo of dramatic, sweeping strings, exquisite classical guitars, and the chorus which demonstrates Khan's emotional power and the deftness of his voice. &quot;Temples of Gold&quot; is more of a power ballad, distinguished by serene-to-crunchy dynamics and the lamenting lyric.<br /><br />The trilogy of songs that comprise &quot;Elizabeth&quot; tell the story of the vile countess who sought to deny mortality by bathing in human blood (gruesome eh? Not to mention bloody...). Her story actually lent credence to the vampire myths in Europe several centuries ago. Part I, &quot;Mirror Mirror,&quot; is a beautiful but haunting piece with bells, pianos, and strings. Part II ups the intensity with Youngblood's crunchy riffs driving towards the climax of Part III, &quot;Fall from Grace.&quot; Here, the band unleashes what might be their most aggressive arrangement, with crushing riffs at breakneck speed. The way the band builds the intensity from song to song through the trilogy is gripping and, in a way, suspenseful.<br /><br />All complaints sustained by The Fourth Legacy have been vindicated here. Producer Sasha Paeth's recording was low and muddy on Fourth Legacy, but here all the band's power is forcefully embraced by his impeccable mix. Youngblood's pummeling riffs are thicker and more powerful, making that urge to play air guitar pretty hard to allay. No longer does Khan's tremendous voice get buried in the mix during the choruses. And while The Fourth Legacy's tracks were merely excellent or good, every song on Karma is a breathtaking feat of incredible songwriting. Not a single song on Karma fails to give me goose bumps, which is immense approval from me considering what kind of music this is. As an added bonus, the American edition features a welcome bonus track, &quot;Ne Pleure Pas,&quot; which is just &quot;Don't You Cry&quot; except with Khan singing in French. It's just beautiful with the intrinsically romantic language, and hey, it's nice to get a bonus track in this continent for a freakin' change! Although my French isn't very good, I can tell the lyrics are a bit different, instead of just a direct translation.<br /><br />What it all boils down to is a purely enjoyable pot of powerful, meticulous, uplifting symphonic metal with a god-like vocalist. The grouping of great songwriting qualities makes Karma one of the best albums I've ever heard.ench. It's just beautiful with the intrinsically romantic language, and hey, it's nice to get a bonus track in this continent for a freakin' change! Although my French isn't very good, I can tell the lyrics are a bit different, instead of just a direct translation.<BR><BR>What it all boils down to is a purely enjoyable pot of powerful, meticulous, uplifting symphonic metal with a god-like vocalist. The grouping of great songwriting qualities makes Karma one of the best albums I've ever heard.
1559408855|4.0|Very funny farce lampooning the Italian middle classes. DeSade has had a lasting influence on contemporay western culture so what was his philosophy? If I understand him correctly, he proposes that if God had meant us to hold back from our base desires, why did he create two classes, one weak, the other strong? Yes, we understand that there is no ultimate happiness to be gained in oppressing others but if we choose to do so then we should take the consequences and not invoke spurious concepts of God. The ultimate divine gift from nature was the enjoyment in the suffering of others. The trouble is only DeSade wrote 'The 120 Days Of Sodom' and spent 27 years in prison suggesting that the natural order was not working, which was perhaps his point as his work scuriously lampoons the authorities that were stifling his free will thus perhaps making him attractive to the radicals and intelligentsia of the sixties and seventies. Pasolini saw DeSade as a 'revolutionary', an idea unfavourable to some feminists who disliked the elevating of a grubby serial sex offender purely because he happened to write novels too. Pasolini's stated aims over 'Salo' seem more allegorical, the detail of the updating not as important as symbols, the non-specific type of which can be experienced through the madness of a dream, in his words, to get at a greater truth. This belief in the efficacies of dreams, Freud and the unconscious has arguably less currency today although I admit I did experience this 'truth', although one should caution oneself against chimera's. Pasolini's 'naughty Fido's' symbolising the packaged rubbish we eat today through industrial capitalism is debatable though, I would have thought more money means more choice in what you put in your mouth but perhaps I'm niave. But he's on better ground with the humans as commodities angle and had he lived he would have drawn a wry smile over the banning of his work while television companies produce reality shows revolving around sexual voyeurism and humiliation. Although enormously brave and a work of uncompromising integrity, one wonders whether it was wise of Pasolini to put his young cast in spiritual danger through portraying the work of the likes of DeSade who ruthlessly exploited people's uncertainties over the existence of God for his own sleazy ends. One also wonders about Pasolini's curious remark that he didn't consider himself a moralist which smacks of a get out clause. Although there is no proof that the film was instrumental in Pasolini's death, S&amp;M is not something to be entered into lightly for aesthetic reasons or as a tourist. It bites.
B00003CX5P|4.0|i think it is a shame that so many people have panned this movie. i'm not sure what they were expecting it to be - it is only the first movie of a six-part series. they worry about a lack of plot and character development, but both of those would have been completely out of place here. in &quot;the phantom menace,&quot; the characters are introduced and the plot of the entire series is set up. that is all this movie set out to do, and it was accomplished. i hope that after they see episodes two and three, they'll be able to come back to this movie and more fully understand how it fits in. i'm looking forward to this first star wars dvd.
B00000JCOV|3.0|I got this for Christmas of 99 from a friend of mine who said I would dig them, and what I got was a mixed bag. I can't say I'm really a fan, but then again I can't say I really hate them all that bad, I just think they're pretty much unoriginal. To me Slipknot falls under the same category as Korn, Limp Bizkit, Papa Roach, and all the recent trend-metal. No matter how hardcore kids may think they are, its been done before, and been done better, don't believe me?, check out early footage of Slayer or Morbid Angel playing live and you'll see what I mean. Lead vocalist Corey Taylor draws inspiration from Slayer, Metallica, and Mercyful Fate, which sometimes you can hear, but there is a lack of melody on a lot of the songs which doesn't give it much replay value. They have talent and they have the drive to become big metal heroes and just not teeniebopper metal puppets, but what will happen remains to be seen.
B00003CXPD|5.0|Billy Elliot is a fantastic movie for the whole family...and, trust me, there aren't too many of those out there...At its heart, it's about a tough boy who wants to do ballet...which is not accepted by his blue-collar family struggling with a labor strike in England and the death of the boy's mother (which occurs before the movie starts). The acting is first-rate, the story is original, and it's full of smart, Brit-style humor and gritty performances by the adults. It'll have you cheering! This one's a keeper.
039472903X|5.0|I think this was a great book and even though Mr. Ogilvy may toot his own horn a bit that's fine, he deserves to! I think that the people who should really read this book are the people who are going to walk into an advertising company and get some work done. Advertisers may know all these principles but they have to please their clients first. Some advertising agencies just don't care, the only person they really want to please is the client, not the client's clients. I've seem more business owners micromanage their advertising campaigns into a big disasterous flop than you can imagine. I doubt they will ever want to give up the right to micromanage the campaign, but if they are going to do it they should read this book first. I believe most advertisers have already read it.
B0000025T6|1.0|What defines a CD is the music and (only)after the lyrics ... Where is the music on this record? If you want to listen a guy talking to the micro just buy it ... it`s good to sleep (the same problem in &quot;The ghost of Tom Joad&quot;) If you want deep thoughts buy a book ...
B00004RFCM|5.0|The first season of SATC is some of the best writing that television has ever offered. I say buy the first and second seasons and relive all the fun moments the girls had before Carrie became whiny and selfish, Charlotte became baby-obsessed and married, Miranda became the &quot;frumpy&quot; one and shrill, and Samantha became so slutty that it's painful to watch.
B000001Y2U|4.0|And what I mean by shock value is that there is no rapping going on anywhere in the album, especially at the time this was released when metal was pretty much in the crapper. Thanks to Trent Reznor's top notch production, &quot;Antichrist Superstar&quot; really shines and sometimes makes Nine Inch Nails look like a christian group. Overall a great album, but if you want Manson's best, get his classic debut &quot;Portrait of an American Family&quot;, or his most recent &quot;Holy Wood&quot;.
B00003CXDG|3.0|This is a movie that looks great, with a killer soundtrack, some amazing stunts and a halfway decent plot. As a summer blockbuster, it's pretty darn efficient. It has slightly better effects than MI1 (also 3 stars) but a slightly worse story. Like most other summer blockbusters, especially in the action genre, it's ultimately hollow inside. This is a renter, not something you need on your shelf for all time.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|This is the best movie of the year. It'a magical. I have seen it several times. It has everything: singing and dancing (Ewan and Nicole sing beautifully -- especially Ewan WOW!) it's funny and sad and beautiful. I didn't want it to end. It's a wonderful, wonderful film. Baz Luhrman's finest.
6303965415|4.0|If you've read Persuasion, and you enjoyed it, you'll like this movie. Persuasion is one of the few Jane Austen novels I read before I saw the movie, and I'm glad I did, because I think the movie may have been a bit slow (I know it was for friends who had not read the book). But I enjoyed this video adaptation, particularly the haunted looks between Amanda Root and Ciaron Hinds (Amanda's eyes reminded me so much of Emily Watson's) and the camera shots of his hands while helping her in the carriage, or her fingers tightening when she was nervous upon their first encounter after 8 years of separation gave a sense of urgency and repressed feelings that I absolutely ate up. The movie isn't as flashy as Sense and Sensibility, but if you're an Austen fan, it's worth checking out.
B00005O892|4.0|The Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor provides the backdrop for a love triangle between a nurse &amp; two best buddies.Although featuring some corny dialouge &amp; clichs,it's still decent watching .The destruction of Pearl Harbor is spectacular to watch,with fireworks &amp; explosions lasting about 40 minutes.The preformances are not bad at all,Voight does a great job playing FDR.Be sure to watch the film in widescreen.
B00005B36H|5.0|Undoubtedly one of the most anticipated albums of recent memory, Tool really delivers on &quot;Lateralus&quot;. While &quot;Undertow&quot; remains my favorite Tool album, &quot;Lateralus&quot; seems to be aimed in that direction of progressive rock. The muddiness that plagued &quot;Aenima&quot; is non-existent here, and Maynard's vocals have never sounded better. So far, this is tied with Megadeth's &quot;The World Needs A Hero&quot; as my vote for album of the year.
0800141660|5.0|Director Ang Lee outdoes Merchant Ivory, with a lively script and great acting from Emma Thompson, Alan Rickman, Kate Winslet and Hugh Grant. It's a really sweet tale with twists and turns that leaves you with a warm fuzzy feeling. I, personally, dislike Jane Austen's novels -- the repression of the time leaves me feeling claustrophobic -- but this one will have you smiling, not frowning. Also, check out Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, also by Ang Lee...
0812550706|4.0|This intriguing read will have your interest until the end. In the future, it is not permitted to bear more than two children under normal circumstances. Andrew (Ender) Wiggin is a lawful THIRD, destined to become a hero. During childhood, he endures the torment of his older brother Peter while seeking asylum with his sister Valentine. Ender's elder siblings are turned away from the battle school, but Ender is chosen to attend. After several exhausting years of excelling in academics, tactical skills, and strategy, Ender finds himself leading an army of fellow children through inexorable drills and combat maneuvers. The third invasion of the Buggers draws near. Mazer Ruckham led humans to a marginal victory during the second invasion by exploiting a weakness that he discovered while all odds were against him, but the Buggers are capable of adaptation. Time is running out and the humans may soon face their extinction. Will Ender's adroitness in battle lead the humans to victory over a foe they can not understand? Can a child really save the world? Is there a surprise ending? The answer to all of these questions is... maybe. But one thing is certain: THIS WILL DEFINITELY HAPPEN IN THE FUTURE. Are you prepared to be eaten alive by ugly BUGGERS? Wear spikes on your clothing at all times to prevent consumption and never trust people who look like giant insects because they're probably not people.
B00005JH9W|4.0|You might expect a movie like this to be an esoteric artsy and somber. But Freaks is much like any other movie with the goal of telling a mostly normal soap-opera-like story set in a circus environment. There are moments of lightness and drama. The film's most distinguishing characteristic is that the actors are circus freaks. Some of them are very strange to watch, many note the pinheads but the one that most fascinated me was an astoundingly agile boy with no legs. The story is about a beautiful trapeze artist who takes advantage of the affections of a wealthy circus midget and marries him as a ploy to inherit his wealth. The featured shocking conclusion is much more silly than jaw dropping but the rest of the film is pretty entertaining and fascinating to watch. Its story wouldn't stand up so well if normal actors were used but its subject matter makes it much more compelling. Its a very unique film and nothing has been made since that compares with it.
B00003CX5P|5.0|Is it Obi-One-Kanobi's stylish accent? The cute defiance and ultra-intelligent character of the Darth-Vader-to-be? The antics of Jar-Jar Binks? Yup. It's all of it. This movie's got action. Style. Great costumes. And there is something touching about the story line that makes the Stars Wars trilogy even more romantic. Can you guessed that I loved it? Saw the movie 10 times while it was out a few summers ago. Now this DVD is as good. Very happy here.
B000002KHY|5.0|Ladies and gentlemen, If you only own one cd, James Taylor's Greatest Hits is it. No question about it
B00004Z459|3.0|This is a great album. I was recently converted to Linkin Park by some friends who all told me of how good they were. But the problem is... That is what it is... a &quot;good&quot; album. I dont feel it to be on par with Abbey Road, Sgt. Pepper, Revolver, Blonde on Blonde, Joshua Tree, Highway 61, Blood on the tracks, Night at the opera (queen), Led Zeppelin IV, or even Nevermind. Look up ANY of those albums which I GUARANTEE will be on 99% of the &quot;top 100 cds all time) but look them up here on Amazon. the best rating they get is 4.5 how sad that a REVOLUTIONARY album like Sgt. Pepper gets the same rating as a BRAND NEW good album that has not lasted more than a year. in 10 20 or even 40 years (im 18 btw), if I can pull out &quot;Hybrid Theory&quot; and say WOW, thats some good music then I will rate it 5. In conclusion, this is a great adition to any collection but please, it is undeserving of a &quot;5&quot;. but buy it.
B00005JGAB|5.0|I don't care what you say, this is where everything changed. The Ramones were tired of what rock and roll had become, and with this record (cd now) they decided to turn things around. And did they ever! They brought rock and roll back, mixed in their own touch and influenced hundreds of bands in so many of the types of music we have today. Yeah, it has blitzkrieg bop, that song you hear at every sporting event you go to, but there's so much more here! Beat On The Brat, Judy Is A Punk, Chain Saw...and that's just the first few songs. There's a few slower songs like I Wanna Be Your Boyfriend 53rd and 3rd, both are great. The best part of the cd is the I Don't Wanna Go Down To The Basement/Loudmouth/Havana Affair/Listen To My Heart combo. Simply remarkable. Throw in a cover (Let's Dance) and a great ending (I Don't Wanna Walk Around With You/Today Your Love, Tomorrow The World) and you have quite a breath of fresh air. Even today, this sounds awesome. Also, when I heard this cd, I was finally able to answer the question why today's punk sucks so bad...no one today has the emotion that Joey Ramone had when he sang. Whatever the mood he wanted to set, it came through loud and clear. As for everyone today, they &quot;Don't Come Close&quot;.
B00003CXA2|5.0|As one of Tom Hank's greatest achivements in the movie-making industry, Forest Gump is a movie that can be appreciated by people from nearly every age group--which is something few movies are able to accomplish-- It is hard to say with any specifics what happens in this movie as it would spoil a wonderfully written plot. The one thing that I do think a review is able to say without giving to much away is how the movie created a sence of far a person can really go in life--especially those who start out with an immediate disadvantage in comparison to the general populace.
0380973650|5.0|Wow! What a terrific book, fun to read. The characters are well written, the plot twists and turns like a maze and there's plenty of humor. (check out the Raven's response when asked to say &quot;Nevermore&quot;) I love fantasy fiction, but too many times I've lost interest halfway through the book. Not this time. I read it in a weekend and was sorry when it ended. Relax and enjoy the ride.
B00004U2GH|5.0|I LOVE it! Back in 1969, when I first heard it as a little kid -- I've always wanted to hear what his daddy actually said in the line &quot;I'm the (bleep) that named you Sue!&quot; I remember back in those days, that kind of language was still considered very shocking by society -- whereas these days, people swear and cuss all the time -- and no one even bats an eye anymore. Well, there has obviously been a lot of public outcry (to Columbia Records) -- a great many other people have been feeling the same way -- they wanted the whole thing, unedited -- bad language and all. Columbia Records finally responded by remastering the complete, original concert (held on February 24, 1969 -- at San Quentin) -- and then releasing it on the Fourth of July (appropriately enough!), of the year 2000. Right now I have just bought it, and it's everything that they said it was. If you like complete concerts, profanity and all -- and if you're a big Johnny Cash fan, like &quot;Yours Truly&quot; -- well then you'll LOVE this CD! GO FOR IT!!!
B00003Q43A|5.0|Hi, my name is Derek D. Kim and I bought this DVD because this film is very well made. The quality of the dvd is exceptional. The storyline was a little bit silly but in general, it was well done. I worked on this film, ID-4 as a Korean Newscaster back in summer of 1995 at Culver Studios. I worked on the newsroom scene so I know how they shot this entire film. I was surprised to find my scene(alien invasion, mockumentary)was included. However, the film editors put Chinese characters on the screen when I was actually reporting the news in Korean. I still give 5 stars for this DVD.
B000006O7C|5.0|Even though he was around only enough to release just one record , Jeff Buckley was undeniably one of the most important artists of the 90's . His tragic death some years ago gave to his , full of passion and anger debut an extra sentimental value . You can't help but feeling moved when you hear him singing &quot; ... and the rain is falling and i believe / my time has come &quot; on Grace . Sketches For My Sweetheart The Drunk gives us a taste of what he was up to for his following . This release includes two cd discs with ten and eleven songs each . The artwork besides photographs of the singer includes some of his personal handwritings and also a message to Buckley's fans written by his mother . Although we are informed that all these songs haven't taken the final form Buckley would want them to , it's actually really difficult to understand that this is half-finished work . Jeff displays once more his rich vocal talent on &quot; Everybody here wants you &quot; while on &quot; New Year's Prayer &quot; he strikes a weird chord of the listener's soul by commanding him to &quot; feel no same for what you are &quot; . From the second disc the song which eventually stands out is &quot; I know we could be so happy if we wanted to be &quot; , a touching ode to a decomposing love . He describes the relationship and the feelings with all the details . &quot;... there's no easy answer / none to blame or forgive / we were two cripples dancing / to the bitter and we live &quot; he sings almost sounding in pain . What makes his work so affecting is that everything came 100% from his heart . He actually said once that &quot; they will accuse me of stealing from my father . They already stand in baited judgement &quot; probably reffering to the press and music journalists . He was so wrong ! His genuin love for music and his talent would never allowed them to.
6304056818|4.0|I saw this movie when i was young and it scared me a lot but i was enthralled with the concept,s and the best thing about the movie i think was the sound affect,s they made it for me . It was a movie before it,s time . It was a sci-fi horror in the best style and to date i have found few movie,s that have moved me in the same way apart from the dalek.s of course I am at present looking at thing,s like startrek and star gate but they do not hold a candle to the like,s of forbidden planet or the original movie the thing but the remake was brill An thought,s on my comment,s are welcome if it be good or bad . If i offend i cry your pardon a quote from the dark tower book,s by stephen king
0790733226|5.0|&quot;Contact&quot; is one of my favorite movies of all time. The concepts it explores, both scientific and spiritual, are dear to my heart and not, as some believe, mutually exclussive. As long as imminently talented people like Robert Zemekis and Jodie Foster nurture the visionaries like Carl Sagan, Issac Asimov and those who follow, we will continue to evolve and we will do it in style. I am certain that some of those future visionaries will be inspired by this movie. Jodie Foster gives a dynamic performance, as good as anything she has done before. The special effects and the musical score are incredible. I have owned the VHS version of &quot;Contact since it became available and it was one of the first movies I purchased on DVD the first week I had my new player. This movie deserves a place in any video library and it is a must have for anyone who believes that we are not alone in the Universe.
B00005B36H|5.0|musically, and i guess thats the most important thing, lateralus is better than any other albums by TOOL. the evolution from starting point - opiate, is obvious. the sound is cleaner and more mature (hence, less heavy) and you wont find even a single &quot;verse chorus verse&quot; type of songs a` la` the beloved sober or stinkfist. so why is it better then? because nothing is predictable. this sort of music challenges the listener and opens up a new world for him, and i cant point even one weak track on this album which flows so nicely all together. it begins with the &quot;the grudge&quot;, yet another anti-religious epic with great guitar work, through &quot;the patient&quot;, in my opinion, the best track in the album. &quot;parabol&quot; and &quot;parabola&quot;, which are in fact two segments of the same song and sound great together, then off to &quot;ticks and leaches&quot;, the heaviest track on this album and one of my favourites, with its culminating soft guitar into orgasmic exploding riffs. &quot;triad&quot; is an instrumental piece which even fits a sax on it, and the album ends with the terrifying &quot;faaip the oiad&quot;. when we`re talking about TOOL, the lyrics are an important piece of the puzzle. in lateralus, keenan doesnt use strong language as in previous albums. the lyrics are closer to poetry, maybe less memorable, but definetely no less moving compared to any other album. and i still havnt said anything about the booklet... BUY IT!!! and yes - this is the best TOOL album yet.
B00005ATQC|4.0|While the movie was a bit riske (typical for Kubrick), it had a lot of character. Cruise portrays a rich man whom has struggles with his wife (Nicole Kidman) and how he copes with these issues. The movie also poses questions on the morality of the human race. However, it contains explicit sex scenes, language, and drug usage that may be perceived as inapropriate.
0671510991|4.0|I use this book every year with my senior-level International Baccalaureate students. They find Dr. Kissinger's analysis sharp, incisive, and at times, very obvious once it is all laid out. At times, it can be a little long, but the coverage and intuitive handling of the chosen episodes for diplomatic action in the 1900s are without equal. I have yet to find anyone else discuss how important Gustav Stresemann was to restoring Germany's pride prior to the reign of Adolf Hitler. The background on the maneuvers prior to World Wars I and II are also very well researched, and his background as a professor and diplomat is clearly obvious. If my students' experiences count for anything, note these items: 1. My students pass their exams, the toughest in the world for high schoolers in history, at nearly a 90% rate every year. 2. When several arrived at their Ivy League schools, this book was required reading (which they still had materials from reading). 3. Of all the people my students discuss, they wish they could meet Henry Kissinger the most to be able to ask him questions. If you want to know why world history developed as it did in the 20th century, this book will show you why.
6300183211|5.0|NO MOVIE EVER-MADE, NOW, OR IN THE FUTURE MAKING CAN EVER COMPARE TO SUCH A SURREAL MOVIE AS \\"SCARFACE.\\" THIS MOVIE HAS HAD SUCH AN EFFECT ON MY LIFE BECAUSE OF THE CUBAN CHARACTER \\"TONY MONTANA\\" PORTRAYED BY AL PACINO. I HAVE SEEN ALMOST ALL OF PACINO'S FILMS AND IN NO WAY DO THEY COMPARE TO SUCH AN INTENSE AND POWERFUL MOVIE AS THIS ONE. IT IS SO HARD TO SEPARATE PACINO FROM \\"TONY\\" IN THIS MOVIE THAT'S HOW GOOD HE IS. EVERYTHING THAT \\"TONY\\" SAYS IN THIS MOVIE IS GOLDEN AND I JUST LOVE TO HEAR HIM SPEAK BECAUSE THIS MOVIE IS FILLED WITH SO MUCH LIVELY, YET VULGAR QUOTES THAT MAKE ME WANT TO GET UP AND ACT LIKE HIM. THIS IS, INDEED, PACINO AT HIS FINEST IN HIS MOST OPEN AND SPLENDIDLY RAUNCHY CHARACTER. \\"YOU NEED PEOPLE LIKE ME...\\" WE DO NEED MORE PEOPLE LIKE PACINO IN FILMS.
0399143904|5.0|This book re-teamed many of the characters we have grown to appreciate over the years of reading Tom Clancy's works. However, as in Without Remorse, this one focuses not so much on Jack Ryan, but on supporting actor John Clark. It also shows more of growing favorite Domingo &quot;Ding&quot; Chavez. The plot of terrorists being targeted by an elite international anti-terrorist unit is superb, and unfortunately, not a reality. Clark and Chavez work together establishing the organization, and taking it through its initial actions as it reaches its lethal maturity. Clancy does a fantastic job in this novel, and it appears he spent much more time allowing the characters' personalities and shadowy roles to more fully develop than when Jack Ryan is on the scene. Ryan's leading roles have become tiring of late, but the two efforts thus far on Clark and now Chavez leave me re-invigorated and looking forward to the next story. This book was very entertaining, and was not put down for three days except when I absolutlely had to. Well worth the read.
B000007WK4|5.0|Angel's gal fm Wales was right on with this except I'd give it a 5. This guy is terrific and while some of his prior work is better than others this demonstrates he still has it after 21+ years. If a fan you will be able to play it over and over and never tire of it. Go Chris
B00005LMBK|1.0|Albums don't get worse or more formulaic than this, folks. Clint Eastwood is the worst hit song of any genre over the last two years, and this album doesn't sound anything like Clint Eastwood - it sounds even worse. The cartoon characters desperately grasp for anything interesting to say 'n' play, but this all stuff you have heard before. Junior high school couples compose more interesting poetry to one another, and the talented scratchers and musicians on this album mail in their roles.  There are no words to explain how cloying and dumb this disaster of a CD is. I will never buy another Blur album in protest of this Gorillaz insult. I like Blur; however, I hate Gorillaz passionately and look forward to waking up in the morning safe in the knowledge no followup album is forthcoming to further waste precious MTV and radio time.
B000002TPS|5.0|Yes, yes, this isn't a Megadeth thrash metal album but who cares? All that matters is that this cd rocks. And boy is this thing heavy. It may not be fast like their thrash stuff(which i like better) but it sure is heavy. This is, in my opinion anyway, the best of their non-thrash albums(with their new one, the world needs a hero, a close second). Just in case anyone reading this doesn't know, megadeth started out playing thrash metal(thrash metal is a sub-genre of heavy metal). After rust in peace, megadeth came out with countdown to extincion which was heavy metal. well, this cd is tight. I mean, the rythm is good and lound with a some cool riffs and the lead guitar is crisp and prevailing. These songs are not slow. They are slow compared to thrash metal though. But isn't everything slow compared to thrash? yes, of course. This is way better than the one that came before it, which was countdown to Extinction. That album is highly overrated. It's a good metal cd but youtanasia is better. You see, countdown to Extinction was their first non-thrash album and it sounded like megadeth didn't know how to write a regualr heavy metal album but i guess they learned because youthanasia is really good. Actually, i like all of their non-thrash albums. Yes i even like risk but it's the worst megadeth cd ever though. Anway, get this cd... This cd is better produced, and better arranged and better played than countdown to Extinction will ever be.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|With Moulin Rouge Hollywood the spirit of the greatest musicals are reborn; this is one of its more representative genders, but at the same time more abandoned by the Studios in the last decades. <BR>   <BR>   Moulin Rouge is the top of ability, but at the same time is a triumph of an imaginary, dreamed, idealized universe: the night of Montmartre, with its sorrowful intelectuals and its voluptuous prostitutes, with its lust and its decline, with its flashes and its lights, with the multitudes enjoying fascinated the can-can dance in the renowned and eccentric cabaret. <BR>  <BR>   The director disposed of a generous budget that let him set free his imagination: like a child filled with new toys, not only did he manage to film some kind of pompous opera about the pasional love, the dreams and death, but he also used all the stylish resources of the video-clip language. Because this is a musical thought for teenagers used to an accelerated rythm and a constant fall of bombastic events, and not for a classic and retrogressive audience. <br />   In Moulin Rouge the spectator will be able to sense a very strong effort, dedication and a creative exuberance that will pass through sensations such as atonishment to a state of ecstasy and euphoria.
0385501560|5.0|I have not read anything written this well before in my life.... Chuck Palahniuk truly has a talent for taking people in life who not necesarily would be considered average and offering us their skewed perspective of reality. In this novel we explore the life of a sex addicted male who has begun attending group meetings to get over his addiction. He also has a job which literally keeps him stuck re-enacting the past. His odd way of collecting income from people who save his life in restauraunts is hilarious. I would tell more but I don't want to give anything away. If you have liked any other book by this authour then you will love this book.
B00003CX9E|5.0|To the average guy who's going to watch this film, it's probably the worst movie they'll ever see. However, Citizen Kane was great for it's technological and story line aspects. Also, the struggle Orson Welles went through to get this film made makes it a masterpiece. To better understand that struggle, and have a better appreciation for the film I suggest you watch the HBO movie &quot;RKO 281&quot;; it's on sale at Amazon.
B00003CXTG|5.0|This dvd is gonna be bought from me the actual second it is released.Everything about it is really interesting, the documentaries about the real life event.For example the people that survived the uss arizona explosion or people who saw it and still live to talk about it.And also seeing actual footage about the 1941 event.The movie itself is amazing, and the action is just breathtaking and the special effects and the computer generated effects are mind boggling, especially when it's showing battleship row being attacked, the arizona explosion just blew me away when i saw it in the theatre like eight times.It's gonna be awesome and everybody should get it.
B00003CXDZ|4.0|Moulin Rouge was a trip down memory lane for all the 40's and 50's type musicals where the main characters would burst out in song whenever the spirit moved them. I loved the juxtaposition of modern songs with classic dance numbers that were &quot;adjusted&quot; for the attention span deficit MTV audience while still making the film good for us oldies but goldies.. The Mack Sennett-type comedy was also on target and very enjoyable. The villian twirled his moustache appropriately and sneered with the best of them. The cast capered around like monkeys in several hilarious scenes. The whole movie was very enjoyable. Nicole Kidman should get great acclaim for this movie as your eyes never left her whenever she was in a scene. I understand she was in crutches during the final closeups because of those ridiculous high heels she had to wear. Lots of grit there and one hopes she has no lasting ankle and leg problems because of it. Ewan McGregor was also a winning actor, handsome and passionate in the role. John Leguisamos was just perfect as Toulouse and was a film highlight. All sang wonderfully. Not too professional but right for the role. I felt Moulin Rouge was a perfect picture and the director should get many accolades for it. Go see it for all the memories, the comedy and the sheer beauty of it. It is the last you will see of the beautiful set. They burned it soon after the movie release. What a dumb thing to do. Maybe that's the message of the movie.. You can only go back in time once. But in this case, see this movie many times. You won't regret it.
0783225792|3.0|Since GOODFELLAS, Scorsese's gone beyond Great Director status; his talent, vision and confidence, combined with his unofficial coronation among serious moviehounds as King of the Medium, have elevated him to Virtuoso. Every one of his 90s projects feature staggering camera movement, audacious violence, tour-de-force visual setpieces. The opening of this film - DeNiro spinning up and out of an exploding Caddy in glittering slo-mo, segueing into credits superimposed over state-of-the-art montage work - renders opinions of the film's morality moot. It's the kind of jaw-dropping stunner that has become a Scorsese trademark; like the Copa sequence in GOODFELLAS, such moments represent the unbridled brio of a director who has not just Arrived, but occupies a plateau where his only remaining competition is with himself. If only he had the ability to pull back now and then and maintain some perspective...but his style of complete immersion into the story he is telling, more and more often these days, leaves him adrift without a moral compass. And, Lord, could CASINO use one. It's not simply the violence on display, but the soul-dead callousness of every last living, creeping or crawling thing in the film that numbs me even as I'm awed by the compositional fireworks of the filmmaking. Everyone in this film is either vicious and corrupt, or weak and corrupt, and several characters are both at once. The 'love' story between DeNiro and a shrill, hollow Sharon Stone is like a sick parody of romantic love. The gangster/buddy angle is nil, as we see from frame one that De Niro and Pesci's 'friendship' is mutually suspicious and parasitic. The Vegas 'backstory' angle, which dominates the first hour, is visually riveting as you'd expect - Scorsese employs every type of shot in the lexicon of moviemaking here, taking the viewer on the ultimate insider's tour of how a casino operates - all in the service of the most cynical of themes: the fix is in, there are only predators and prey,and the prey deserve their agony - otherwise they'd be in on the feeding frenzy. This is part of the increasingly ugly side of Scorsese: his conscious sacrifice of any moral center, the better to solidify his appeal to the sociopathic side of the audience. Or am I alone in noticing that the amoral-adolescent audience (of ALL ages) who fetishize unfeeling 'hardness' respond and identify so strongly with his latter-day work, almost as visual Cliff's Notes on achieving a zen-like serenity in efficient ruthlessness? I've heard audiences laugh in approving hilarity at some of the most appalling brutality in his films, dating back to RAGING BULL but really emerging with GOODFELLAS, which parallels his increasing disregard for protagonists who represent any kind of inner conflict or divided conscience. The Joe Pesci of RAGING BULL was a torn and vulnerable individual; the Pesci of CASINO is a conscienceless thug, period. You feel nothing when he dies, not even revulsion at the blood and viscera of the scene. He's one more fly whose time has come to have his wings pulled off. There are no more Charlies (of MEAN STREETS) in Scorsese's urban films, or even Travis Bickles, to truly disturb an audience by awakening their own dormant conflicting emotions. There are only Max Cadys, Nicky Santoros, Jimmy Conways. Heroes, even nominal ones, are quickly trivialized into hypocrites, cowards, rats and larval psychopaths. One wonders if Scorsese, for all his brilliance, could have ascended so high in the current pop-culture firmament without gleefully discarding any belief in something better than remorseless efficiency and murder-as-commerce like so much sentimental ballast. He could have been, still can be, the Michaelangelo of cinema. Of course, Goya was a great artist too, but the problem with latter-day Scorsese is he's less Goya than he is Joe Coleman.
B000000H6D|5.0|Ok, i never really used to know who Type-O-negative were, My cousin would constantly praise them until finally i had to know what the hell he was talking about....When i heard this CD i was totally blown away, i'm a huge fan of all kinds of Rock music but i'd never heard rock music quite like this (although Sisters of Mercy came close). After hearing the whole CD i went out the next day and bought it.Peter Steele's deep voice and overwhelming lyrics with Josh's eerie piano playing, Kenny's great guitar riffs and Johnny's unique drumming skills create a very dark, suicidal atmoshphere.People who have never heard of Type-O-negative before are probably better off getting October rust but all the people who know and love Type-O must own this CD as it is the best they have released. If your suicidal then steer clear cos your gonna find yourself slitting your wrists over this one in no time
0790743221|1.0|An unmitigated disaster - and I speak as someone with great affection for vintage film, comedy in general and these actors specifically. I'm not entirely surprised that THE PHILADELPHIA STORY garners the absurd high praise that it does, though. Every aspect of the play and film is utterly phony, but in that high-minded, self-congratulatory manner that appeals to middlebrow audiences who point to films like this as emblems of their own good taste. I can't think of another 'classic' that's routinely considered an actor's dream in which the actors have been so ill-served by their roles and dialogue. They're all embalmed up there on the screen - not just stagebound but hidebound. The well-known plot revolves around the imminent society wedding of ice princess Tracy Lord to a self-made prig; in attendance are her archly witty family, her archly witty ex-husband (who pines for her still) and a pair of archly witty tabloid-style reporters (who resent her spoiled ways and vast wealth). The proceedings commence in reasonably lively fashion, but it's not long before the forced mechanics of Philip Barry's conception are audibly creaking, by which point the high-toned literary bons mot start landing with little thuds; the ghastly speechifying, the would-be ironic wisdom and poetic drunk-scenes soon take over the movie and THE PHILADELPHIA STORY becomes an endurance test for anyone who has ever truly enjoyed watching Hepburn, Grant, Stewart et al in anything worthy of their talents. Grant does what he can with his role, which mostly calls for worldly-wise detached bemusement, but Jimmy Stewart is trapped with scenes and dialogue that seem like a deliberate attempt to sabotage his naturalism - his tremendous rapport with movie audiences. His famous 'drunk scene' with Hepburn is so horridly bogus and actorish that you wonder if the Academy gave him that Oscar as a form of combat-pay - you can't not wince hearing him swoon, \\"There's a magnificence in you, Tracy\\", bathed in Metro's most gossamer lighting. Ruth Hussey is wasted in a completely thankless role, John Howard's stuffy bridegroom is similarly a stock character/cipher, and Roland Young's old roue, meant to be irresistably irascible, sets your teeth on edge throughout the film. Yet all of these performers get off easy compared to what Barry, and Metro, have done to poor Katherine Hepburn here. The Tracy Lord role is written as a harsh and demeaning caricature of Hepburn's own public persona; she garnered acclaim and a return ticket to the Hollywood A-list for sending up her publicly perceived hyperneurotic brittleness with great good cheer. She must indeed have been desperate to redeem her image by playing a role this insulting: the 'Hepburn' being spoofed never once exhibits her fierce intelligence, dramatic intensity or even her basic decency or humanity. 'Tracy Lord' is a spoiled, smug, self-centered and utterly insufferable stick-figure whose entire dramatic purpose is to be told by every other character how cold and fraudulent and incapable of human emotion she is, over and over, until the audience is fairly salivating for the cleansing humiliation and comeuppance that will render her, at last, a 'real' woman. She gives her lines more feeling and intuition than they deserve (when she's not forced to read dialogue expressly designed to make her look foolish or hateful). In the end, though THE PHILADELPHIA STORY did renew Hepburn's Hollywood career, it reinforced the audience's distrustful perceptions of her, so that generations of moviegoers have come to think of Tracy Lord and Katherine Hepburn as one and the same. But there's a reason THE PHILADELPHIA STORY is rarely, if ever, revived as a stage property: it's horribly false and condescending, and one could single out the phonies in the audience with ease - they'd be the only ones laughing, while the majority of the attendants would punctuate their long silences with nervous coughing between impatient glances at their watches. Thank the Lord at least for Virginia Weidler in this movie, as the kid gives the only unaffected performance in the whole show. Lucky for her that Philip Barry didn't think enough of the character to devote the same 'care' he took with the lead roles.ank the Lord at least for Virginia Weidler in this movie, as the kid gives the only unaffected performance in the whole show. Lucky for her that Philip Barry didn't think enough of the character to devote the same 'care' he took with the lead roles.
B00005J6UP|5.0|If you're like me, you grew up wanting to be a Goonie... This DVD is everything I hoped it would be. It includes deleted scenes, a making of the film featurette, the Cyndi Lauper music Video and an awesome commentary featuring Richard Donner and all the Goonies reunited! Parts of the commentary show the cast talking about the movie... If you're a Goonies fan you need this DVD!
0767802659|5.0|I love this movie shamelessly, I guess denoting I SHOULD feel shame for feeling this way - lots of it. Paul Verhoeven has many deeply troubling tendencies in his work as the show-biz ambassador for the Culture Of Death, and its most alluring cheerleader as well. Frankly, John Wayne Gacy would have moral problems with Verhoeven's movies. Unfortunately, he's an inspired, kinetic filmmaker who always shows at least flashes of greatness, and sometimes - as here - he shows you a lot more than that..<br />STARSHIP TROOPERS is Verhoeven's best, hands down. What he's selling here is the most heartless, amoral, decadent vision of Western civilization ever mass-marketed by a major studio, wrapped in old-Hollywood surface tinsel and handed over with a wink so deeply lascivious that your bone marrow freezes for a second...just before you feverishly snatch the package, tearing off the wrapper greedily, your hands shaking with junkie anticipation. Yet, because it's all played out in space-opera conventions, the movie has just enough distancing from us to really allow you to wallow in its bright, sensual imagery and watch the subgags, as densely packed and layered as in a Harvey Kurtzman MAD comic, whizz by. 'Dense' is an apt word to describe this movie. Its simple-minded plot is one kind of dense, built squarely upon cliche...yet as timeless and classical as any good cliche must be. The treatment is another 'dense' altogether: there's more MOVIE in STARSHIP TROOPERS' first half-hour than most directors could shoehorn into a trilogy. Verhoeven also has a painter's understanding of CGI as well: if the technology now exists to make anything possible in a movie, then you owe the audience nothing less than DeMille-scale flabbergastery as imagined by Boris Artzybasheff. It's a teenage sex-n-death space opera unlike any Hollywood summer spectacular ever made - either you get it, or you don't, and Verhoeven, as usual, seems to be having great fun mocking those members of the audience whodon't. Additionally, I find it coldly amusing that, had these effects appeared in a lower-budget indie, no way they don't get mau-mau'd by the board with an NC-17 (aka the dreaded X for the nose-ring generation). This double-standard is a nice Verhoevian touch: as his films are brilliantly-visualized celebrations of the strong devouring the weak, I've no doubt he relishes the irony of the R rating.
B000000993|4.0|It's too bad Undertow, one of Tool's best albums, is really best known for &quot;Sober&quot;, one of it's worst songs, shrewdly made to be a hit single just to attract people to the real music. But hey, if it works, good. On this album, Tool is far from &quot;Lateralus&quot; territory. There are no fillers here, just great songs with great lyrics by Maynard. &quot;Prison Sex&quot; is chilling. You Look So Precious. Bottom is a great song that has a great part with Rollins in the middle. The title track, 4 degrees, and flood are all great too, but perhaps the best thing here is Disgustipated, not exactly a song, but is far from &quot;rambling or pointless&quot;. It is probably not fashionable for a heavy metal band to make a song about this subject but they did and they did it good. This CD is better than most things you will find coming out today.
B00000I924|5.0|Leave it to JB to come up with something that leaves the pretenders to dust. Being reclusive does have its benefits. A tour de force indeed !
B00005B4GU|5.0|This album is tied with OK Computer as Radiohead's best album. It combines the experimental stuff from Kid A with the standard rock of OK Computer to form an intellegent album full of surprises. Songs like &quot;Pyramid Song,&quot; &quot;I Might Be Wrong,&quot; and &quot;Life in a Glasshouse&quot; are particularly good, because they combine normal styles of music like piano ballads and slow jazz with strange, sarcastic, almost paranoid lyrics and eerie noises and effects. Every song on this album is truly amazing. Even Morning Bell shines, and is a lot better than the Kid A version. This is very interesting and weird rock that demands a listen. If you enjoyed this album, I recommend Mr. Bungle, Tool, and Sunny Day Real Estate.
B00003CXCS|5.0|Julie Andrews and Christopher Plummer are dynamic in this film adaptation of Rodgers and Hammerstein's \\"Sound of Music\\". The cinematography and music are splendid, and Julie Andrews is amazing! This is a family classic and no library should be without this movie!
0060930187|5.0|Plath followed the great tradition of J.D Salinger when she wrote this book. The book almost tells of Plath's own insanity. In this book you hear her characters veiws on life/love/sex/and the world. It also gives an intreasting look at people with mental illness. I had an easy time relating to the main character and the way she feels towrads the world. I think this book is especialy great for teens but you cannot exclude adults,this book will touch anyone of any age in some way.It's just sad Plath never wrote any other novels.
B00005KHJR|5.0|The wizards at Anchor Bay have once again brought back a VERY deserving classic film, and given it a proper DVD release! There are two versions out, and you DEFINITELY will want to buy the 2-disc deluxe version, which contains both the watered down 88 minute \\"theatrical release\\" (which is really only worth having for the sake of comparison), and the classic 99 minute \\"complete\\" version (although my old VHS version runs 102 mins!?) The prints are beautifully mastered and letterboxed!  And there is a fantastic 35 minute documentary on the making of the film, which has many latterday interviews with the cast and crew, but alas doesnt have \\"behind the scenes footage\\" (since that was apparently buried under a highway in England by some studio oafs), and trailers/radio spots which are pretty cool. It comes in a nice oversized pine display box. Make sure to get the limited edition version...  In a year, that's probably the only one youll be able to buy new, and the pine box version will soar in value. Mark my words. ORDER IT TODAY!
0060930187|5.0|This book is a wonderful book about understanding the way people really feel. It is very realistic and makes you open your eyes to the idea that in the past, people were mistreated in the psychological institutions and were thought of as being insane, instead of people who could be helped with proper treatment. It is very sad, but worth reading.
0140430350|5.0|Vanity Fair is disconcertingly lengthy, has little of laconic intellect, contains tedious catalogues of scarecly developed characters, exhibits lapses in stylistic consistency, and often verges on melodrama. Yet despite all of this, it is a vibrant and scathing portrait of 19th century British society and a luxuriant horde of nuanced characterizations and delightfully fascinating personas. Who can resist the manipulative charms of the cunning Becky Sharp, the author's wry yet ambiguous account of the foolish Amelia, the pompous arrogance of the witless George Osborne? The novel is enriched with refreshingly orignal characterizations and improvizations which converge within the context of a festival of luxuriously self-important peoples delightfully naive at their own vapidity. The compelling lives of Sharp and Sedley weave through the narrative and bind it with textual unity even within the context of a tale spilling over with an astounding diversity. Stubbornly &quot;modern&quot;, instantly readable and blessed with a sense of interest and immediacy, Vanity Fair truly is a landmark in English fiction, and a novel worthy of its lofty reputation.
B00005KHJR|4.0|Folks... If you view the documentary on the first disc, you will understand that this is probably the best release that this movie will see. People are complaining that it's not the 101 minute or the 103 minute version that is circulating on old VHS tapes (Note: Buyer beware that 99.9% of the &quot;factory sealed&quot; VHS cassettes that are being offered are PIRATED versions of the video cassette. The beginning is choppy and the &quot;Play&quot; display is clearly visible at the beginning of the tape). According to the docmentary, all known negatives, positives, and outtakes of this movie were destroyed. What survives is the theatre distribution master and a sole copy of the &quot;director's&quot; version that was submitted to the studio and rejected. The &quot;extended&quot; version is a composite of the two films. There is nothing left to work with. The &quot;theatrical&quot; version is nice and clear and the sound is wonderfully restored. Nice on a 5.1 surround system. OK, the &quot;fake letterbox&quot; format is a bit of a drag, but it did not stop me from enjoying the film. The &quot;extended&quot; version is in two channel mono. The picture quality changes from scene to scene depending upon the source used. It is actually nice to SEE this movie, as the VHS copies are very dark and a lot of detail is lost. This is the best that's available, and I'm happy with it.
B00000IPAX|4.0|This albulm is great for people who only want one Blink 182 CD. If you are hardcore Blnk fan you might want to get all of the cds or Take Off Your Pants and Jacket and Mark, Tom,a and Travis Show. My favorite song on tis CD is Dumpweed! Great CD and worth buying I you liked the Blink song you just heard on the radio.
B000056K04|5.0|Why are so many fans of the Dave Matthews Band turning their heads in shame because of the release of \\"Everyday\\"? This album, their fourth on the RCA label, is not a travesty. Far from it, actually. Sure, we don't have the 9 minute jam sessions wonderfully created for \\"Crash\\" and \\"Listener Supported\\", but they just wouldn't sound right on \\"Everyday\\". Before you judge \\"Everyday\\", ask yourself: Would you like your favorite band to play the same kind of music over and over again, album after album?<br />I'm very glad that the DMB have gone a different direction for this album. Now, not all the tracks are perfect, but neither were a couple of the tracks for \\"Crash\\" or \\"Before These Crowded Streets\\". Oh, and for all those folks complaining about a lack of lyrics in the CD jacket, they list a website where you can print out lyrics that will fit in your CD sleeve.<br />I must admit that they could've come up with something a bit more original to put on their cover than just a band photo, but the music is the real star here. There are the instantly accessible songs like the beautiful \\"The Space Between\\", \\"Sleep to Dream Her\\", and the Santana-guest track \\"Mother Father\\". It may take a while to enjoy songs like \\"When the World Ends\\", the title track and a few others, but the fact of the matter is that \\"Everyday\\" should not be looked down upon as a blah-blah pop album and nothing more. It is a great album and a worthy addition to any DMB collection.<br />...
B00003CXCS|5.0|It's no secret that the real story of the Von Trapp family has altered for the screen. But who cares is there was no Rolf or that the Von Trapps didn't escape from Saltzburg on foot. You still get a classic movie chock full of rich and flavorful Rodgers and Hammerstein songs, a winesome performance by the great Julie Andrews, a happy ending and breaktaking shots of Austria. I strongly urge people to buy this DVD and throw their VHS copies away. On VHS, you lose most of the 70mm format. That means you get three Von Trapps vs. seven in a shot.
B00004YRQA|5.0|This memory card is a must in order for to save your game data. Make sure if you get a memory card , get this one , no second or third party memory card. I've done that before and after 4 months my memory card stopped working. The Sony memory card may cost a little more but it's better than buying cheap memory cards that don't last you along time. Once I got this memory card it's been working for about 6 months now. Be smart get this one.
0789723107|5.0|Krug &amp; Black have condensed the most vital conceptual points of Web design into a manageable, &amp; imminently readable volume. I wouldn't begin any project without reviewing it again.
0786915749|5.0|I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS BOOK AND THE OTHERS IN THIS SERIES, CHRONICLES AND LEGENDS. I HAVE NEVER READ A FANTASY BOOK LIKE THIS BEFORE. THE CHARACTERS IN THESE BOOKS COME TO LIFE AND KEEP YOU TURNING THE PAGES, AND THE STORY KEEPS YOU ON THE EDGE OF YOUR SEAT. TWO THUMBS UP!!!!!!!!
B000002GQL|4.0|With the release of this cd at the end of 1972, the Moodies were at the height of their popularity- this release zoomed at the top of the chart-ironically propelled by the success of the re-release of the 5 year old &quot;Nights In White Satin&quot; single. &quot;7th Sojourn&quot; was an actual departure from their previous records- as one of their promotion people put it at the time it was a Moody Blues rock and roll record. The drums-for the most part buried in the mix on the previous release &quot;EGBDF&quot; are boosted. The murky mix from &quot;EGBDF&quot; is also disposed for a cleaner and louder rock sound. In addition the Moodies upgraded from the mellotron to the Chamberlain which produced a cleaner &quot;string&quot; sound-most noticable in the tracks &quot;Isn't Life Strange&quot; and &quot;New Horizons.&quot; The album also shed what was considered the gimmickry from the group-no spoken poems, no suites, etc. Just eight to the point, no frills rock tracks wrapped inside a rather barren looking cover sleeve. I remember hearing the radio promos for the lp while working at the local McGovern for President campaign offices. It was obvious that the idealism of the 60's and the 60's themselves had expired by the end of that year. And true to form, the Moodies captured and expressed that feeling with this release- the titles alone indicate this mood-&quot;Lost in a Lost World&quot;, &quot;Singer in a Rock and Roll Band&quot;, and &quot;You and Me.&quot; The opener &quot;Lost in a Lost World&quot; was pretty startling for Moody fans as it opened unaccustomably with a drum beat- you knew immediately that this was a &quot;different&quot; record- quite a diference from the safer, comfortable &quot;EGBDF&quot; which preceded &quot;Sojourn.&quot; This Pinder song is actually pretty edgy and neatly arranged- the background voices creep in and out of the verses a bit behind the steady beat, and Pinder puts in a good vocal performance. The song at first struck me as being a bit odd and under-produced but my opinion changed over repeated listenings. It's actually reminiscent of some of the works Lennon was producing at the time, which may or may not be coincidental as Pinder had spent some time with Lennon during this period. &quot;New Horizons&quot; is what could be considered a standard Hayward tune- that is melodic and instantly memorable. The arrangement on this tune is also very strong with the Chamberlain, the &quot;bee buzz&quot; fuzz guitar solo, a closing acoustic piano, and what sounds like Edge's electronic drum kit. The very nautical sounding &quot;For My Lady&quot;, the sole Thomas piece on this set, ventures closely to cornball land, but as typical for the group during this period, never crosses over. It's actually well sung, and has a touch of English 1920's music hall quality to it- you can imagine hearing this on a scrathy Victrola. The song has improved in concert- especially recently with the addition of an ocarina sound instead of the concertina on the original recording. &quot;Isn't Life Strange&quot; pops in to fill the 1st side- it was previously released earlier that year as a single. Rumor is that an album as attempted earlier that year but the results were unsatisfactory. &quot;You and Me&quot; is a pretty persuasive rock tune- featuring a neat guitar and mellotron hook and lots of percussion. It has a pretty tatty &quot;wrap&quot; section, &quot;you and me just cannot fail&quot; that almost teeters the song, but it recovers itself with a long outro that takes its time to fade out. &quot;Make Believe&quot; is another of Haywards &quot;three part&quot; songs. (The previous ones were the &quot;Actor&quot; and &quot;You Can Never Go Home&quot;). These songs feature three distinct melodies attached together to form a song. This number is much better than &quot;Home&quot; but the flute part seems to be merely tagged on to the beginning and end, and probably could have been featured within the song to good effect. Also it seems unresolved- to solve this problem a simple little piano fade is used prior to the end section. Partially successfully is probably the verdict. However the next two songs are the highlights of the record. &quot;Free Man' features a recurring flute and mellotron riff and an excellent Hayward guitar solo-probably the closest to blues he got. Which brings up a point- Hayward is extremely underrated- his solos are bright and melodic rock solos and distinct from the blues based stuff that usually emitted from the British players at the time. &quot;Singer in a Rock and Roll Band&quot; of course has been played to death- but at the time it was a pretty snappy number what with its baritone rock and roll saxophone and Pinders mellotron swirl and rock and roll piano riff. The ending was pretty unorthodox for a Moodies record- whistling and applause- and just like the opening it closes with a drum smash. All in all a solid effort from the Moodies- more than making up for the rather sedate EGBDF that followed it. The album to older fans, like me at the time, felt like a last gasp (as it proved to be)or at least a breather as the group retooled for a fresher sound for the road ahead in the 70s. To newer fans it sounded pretty fresh and spurred sales of their previous catalog.
1573301183|5.0|I am probably the biggest fan of ALICE IN CHAINS on Earth. I used to just really like listening to their music because their songs put you in a different mood than any other band could, but after listening to the concert on cd and then buying the DVD, I became pretty much obsessed with the group. How many bands do you know that can rock you with their electric guitars and then switch over to acoustic and have you fall in love with their music even more? This is a MUST-HAVE for anyone who calls himself an AIC fan, and for anyone who likes grunge, alternative, or soft rock, you should SERIOUSLY consider buying this album or DVD video. By the way, Layne Staley and Jerry Cantrell are the greatest musicians of all time.
B00004SCX6|1.0|BAD BAD BAD!! GAG! don't get it. all the songs sound exactly the same with her weird UH's, and YEAH's. if you're looking for a good CD, check out christina aguilera's or jessica simpson's. maybe britney will be able to release something better next time.
B00004RFCM|5.0|I cannot wait for seasons 3 and 4 to become available on DVD. Until then, I will enjoy the 1st and 2nd seasons again. I am almost ashamed to admit I watched all six hours (2 DVDs) of season 1 in one day. I was home sick and nothing couyld have made me feel better. These characters may live lives a little out of the norm for most of us, but they are likable, relatable and interesting. Some episodes are laugh-out-loud funny, and some have a serious message... but all are wonderful!
0380817683|5.0|Rachel's Holiday was one of the best books I've read in a very long while. It was one of those books that leads you to a place in a very humorous way, and then offers you the chance to review your own life in a way you might not have before. Rachel has just accidently overdosed, ended up in the hospital, and been railroaded by her family, roommate, and boyfriend into treatment. She can't believe that they think she has a problem, because, of course, she doesn't. Watching her come to grips with what remains of her life in New York, seen in the flashbacks Rachel has during treatment, is both very funny and very sad. We see Rachel come to the realization of what and who she is. We also see the seduction of Lady Denial, and this is very powerful, subtle and eye-opening to the reader. Anyone who has &quot;overdone&quot; any substance may recognize themselves in the aftermath of papering over the wrongs and hurt feelings. All this in a book that is easy to read, mostly delightful, and very honest. I read it in a day, couldn't put it down, and was sorry to see it end. I hope we see another book about this family (Watermelon was the first) so I can see how Rachel is doing. This is a definate keeper!
6302859204|5.0|I believe if I have an inkling of belief that UFO's exist this movie does it for me! Well acted and played out by D.B.Sweeney and Company. Look for supporting role with James Garner. I know this movie is based on the book,which I have not read, but definitely will buy now. As far as pure escapism entertainment it is great. Never (outside of Alien) has there been a more scary and realistic alien experience laid down on film. At least not as believable as this one. A must see if you love sci-fi..and pretty damn good if you don't! Based on a true (?) story, it portrays a group of log cutters in Northern Arizona, whose buddy is abducted before their eyes, and the aftermath. Fine acting!<br />Now on DVD. The DVD is a better picture, but not really any extras to speak of.
B00000G3PA|5.0|This movie is sooooooooooooooooo great.My fav people in the whole world star in this move Ben Affleck and Bruce Willis.They both save the world from a nuclear disaster.Ben and Bruce are both sizzling in this movie!I would tottaly recomend this movie!And if you havent seen this movie well than..............................it is your loss! Sincerly Rachel
B00003CXSP|1.0|Ive never written a review about a movie. I felt the need to do so here because it was such a completely appauling POS. I cant think of the correct words to describe this movie. Maybe \\"symptomatic\\" or \\"unhealthy\\" does more justice. Unfortunately, the fact that I thought it was so disturbing (on many levels) is a reason why many people might actually like it - sick people. With such movies being pumped out by Hollywood, there is absolutely no surprise kids can walk into school and blow away their teachers and classmates (and why our society can so easily tolerate it). The actors involved in this movie should be ashamed of themselves. I for one will never watch another movie by this director or with any of the actors involved. I wish I could \\"unwatch\\" it. Shame, shame, shame. Yeah, graphic violence and over-the-top gore is real good for society. PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS.
B00004Z459|1.0|This album doesn't deserve a review, however see DonKamio's as it hits the spot. I'm writing to the so called fans. I'm not dissing you all but many Linkin Park fans now think they are real metal heads. I hear them saying things like ''yeah man, Papa Roach are so talented, Limp Bizkit are so hardcore, My parents can't stand it so it must be really heavy, etc. etc''. I urge you so called metal heads to use this site to listen to metal bands such as Slayer, Sepultura, Nile and Cannibal Corpse. These bands are proper metal are i guarentee that NO Linkin Park fans could even bare listening to this music. Please listen to my recommended bands as you are fellow metallers, (after all, you like Linkin Park, don't you!
B0000024UF|4.0|Although not as good as his debut, Songs From A Room is an even darker and more melancholy affair. Cohen's near-monotone, backed with the sparse, vague musical accompaniment delivering Cohen's stark, bitter, heart-wrenching lyrics make for a near-claustrophobic atmosphere. Bird On A Wire still stands as one of Cohen's best compositions, and it has been covered countless times by other artists. Other standout tracks include Story of Isaac and Lady Midnight. The rest of the songs are good, especially when taken in the context of the album, but, personally, I don't like this as much as his other albums that I own. This is not a detriment to the album, it is a testament to the quality of Leonard Cohen's catalog as a whole. Leonard Cohen once wrote a book called &quot;Beautiful Losers.&quot; It was in the pre-recording artist stage of his career, but it might as well have been describing his songs. As another reviewer has said, &quot;They are beautiful; they're just not pretty.&quot; Many people still don't know Leonard Cohen, but, some day, he will be recognized right up there with Bob Dylan as one of the greatest songwriters of the century; this album being another gem in his canon.
B00005B1W4|3.0|This also wasent Pierce Brosnan personal favorit Bond movie with him in it (witch its was his secend Bond film) The DVD its self wasent all thet good if you Fast Foward threw it or stop it at certan points the color fades a little for a min and the sound starts to drop like toward the end of the movie this DVD was care-lessly transferd (my opinon) but I suggest buying the spical editon of Tomorrow never Dies witch features much more and doesnt have any sound problems. The acting was good to bad Pierce Brosnan puted a lot of efforit into it and got a bad movie rating, The Plot isnt real good at all, The villen and the cause of Bond stoping whatever happend was cheap I suggest buying Goldeneye or even The World is not Enough at least more storyline effort was puted into The Wrold is not Enough.
B00000255X|4.0|Coming on the heels of what most people consider to be Dylan's best album, Blood On The Tracks, Desire is a hodgepodge album by comparison, but still a good album. Whereas &quot;Blood&quot; was a very dark, personal, and moving album, Desire is a more abstract affair, with Dylan sticking mostly to &quot;story song&quot; and long, epic narratives. There is one major exception to this, which is the deeply personal, moving closing track Sara, but the rest of the album's standouts are epic stories like Hurricane (one of Dylan's best tracks), Isis (an excellent, surreal rambling narrative), and Joey (apparently hated by many a Dylan fan, but I love it, and consider it one of the album's standouts.) Musically, this is Dylan's most schitzophrenic album. It's all over the map, featuring lots of violins, female backing vocals, and Spanish-style melodies (several songs even have some lyrics in Spanish.) Dylan never sounded like this again, either lyrically and certainly not musically, and Jacques Levy (who co-wrote every song but two) obviously had a big influence on it. Personally, some of the music on this album turns me off; I think Dylan has a lot better. But the lyrics are uniformly excellent (as always), and there are at least 4 very good songs here (Hurricane, Isis, Joey, and Sara.) I've heard around 10 of Dylan's albums so far, and this is the only one that I wouldn't give 5 stars. It's still quite good, but it's somewhat below his standard. Most other artists would be glad to be able to produce this album, so it's still a worthile buy for the Dylan fan, for sure. Get some other stuff first, though.
0061053430|5.0|It's a great informative book and covers USCMC tanks, ships, artillery, air-defense, personal weapons, armor, mines, spacesuits, etc...things not seen in the movie. What makes it superb is almost each weapon entry has a drawing so if you're a modeler, you can almost make a replica of the weapon or vehicle. Descriptive text accompanies each entry. And best of all, it MAKES SENSE! The drawings, ideas, and text aren't comic-book like or totally sci-fi fantasy but seemingly very real with today's weapons. I really liked the made-up Marine comments. The book's text says this missile works but then the Marine in the comment box says the opposite. You believe the Marine instead and not the engineers. Also, the book doesn't skimp...the photos aren't black and white and the drawings aren't kiddish. The book presents the USCMC in a very good light and as a true powerful force with many high-tech weapons and superior training that works (unlike the USS Sulaco Marines shown in the movie). A must-have if you're an ALIENS fan.
B00000IMYA|5.0|No comment necessary on the music and how long we've awaited this issue! The double-CD offers many photos and informative liner notes. For the first time, people not present when &quot;It&quot; happened, can now follow the genesis of this historical event. It's a technological miracle how the engineers restored the original concert atmosphere (like with B.G.'s Carnegie Hall Concert reissue). As it's noted in the &quot;Jazz Bill of Rights&quot;: &gt;Every jazz fan has the right to be witness to Duke's Newport triumph&lt;. Now we all are offered this fundamental right. And not making use of it is a sin.
B00003CXCQ|5.0|I cannot put into words how happy I am that Disney is releasing their tied for first greatest film of all time!(tied with \\"Sleeping Beauty\\" which I hope will be on DVD soon) Plus with such a great offer, for just pre-ordering this masterpeice you get a free Disney DVD! \\"Snow White\\" is the one that started it all, it spawned an empire that did, and still does, and always will produce the greatest movies ever made. And let's get this straight, the studio is not cheating anyone by not giving a widescreen edition, we are seeing the entire movie, and seeing the movie that we have all seen before. The cover art, and disc art are absolutely beautiful, and capture the essence of the film is glorious majesty. And this is the most packed DVD I have ever seen in my life. An entire extra disc for special features, and a ton of them on the film disc, what a special treat. With so many features, this truly is a DVD that I could, and will spend an entire day with many times. I cannot wait till this is released, and I can own this historical DVD. YOU MUST PRE-ORDER/BUY THIS TODAY! You will not be disappointed. Don't miss out on the special features, the majestic animation, the wonderful story, the irreplacable characters, and the film that has touched the heart of millions all over the world! Be a part of history, and get this amazing DVD today!
6304118392|5.0|The graphic violence, visuals and frantic pace of the movie entralled me in the movie theater. I will always remember their NBK characters whenever I see Woody Harrelson and Juliet Lewis. An artistic masterwork. If a movie is suppose to make you feel, this movie made me feel. I compare it to how I felt during parts of Jurassic Park 1, Return of the Empire, Pulp Fiction. But with NBK the feeling lasted throughout the entire film. Disclamer: I haven't seen it on the small screen yet, and I originally saw this movie in theater with no idea what it was about.This film made me feel how I imagine someone on psychadelic \\"shrooms\\" or acid might feel.
014100018X|5.0|joanne harris is a well knowen and widely respected author. she made her name through books such as Sleep, Pale Sister and more recently Five Quarter Oranges. a strong willed woman invades the rural French town of Lansquenet, around the time 1920. she open a chocolat store, at the begining of Lent, and make new friends.. sparks of envy, hate and anger fly between her and Father Reyuad. a chocolat vs. church war starts. its amazing how a sinle person is able to change a community in such a short time. the invaders touch is as bitter-sweet as the chocolat she sells. both sides of the battle are told. harris provokes your thoughts, and strings you along nice and slow, speeding up as you get closer to the end. alliances are made, lives changed and tension arises. the story line maynot sound so mouth watering, but the darkness of the book comes from our wants, needs, dreams, beliefs and the pleasures we indulge in. the high sales, the movie and the great publicity drove me to buy the book. harris' fairy-story and bewitching skills drove me to read the book 3 times in 2 days.
B00005NVDI|3.0|TWC is an entertaining episode where a female hologram is able to kill with her touch. This is also one of the first episodes where Spock is in charge of the Enterprise while Kirk is out. LTBYLB is the episode with a &quot;message&quot;. Two aliens ( painted half black and half white but on opposite sides of the face) are fighting. Has some concentration camp mentions.
B0000057C5|5.0|I got this CD after Mutter, and its the best Rammstein CD yet. This has solid beats, and one of the best singers. Sure you can't understand what they are saying, but its still an awesome CD.
B000005IU1|5.0|I Wanna Be Your Dog--this song captures the sinister simplicity of rock and roll in three notes. Two other songs with three note power--Link Wray, Rumble; Ramones, Pet Semetary (live versions). Listen to these, they are inspired music.
B000002J0P|5.0|I'll keep it short and sweet and leave it to others to dissect the album song-by-song: This is my all time favorite album. And as my collection now numbers some 3500-odd titles, that's really saying something!
B00003CXZ4|5.0|Memento is not the only movie about time manipulations, but it is probably the best one. When you are watching it you put yourself in the shoes of the main character (Lenny) then you keep forgetting like he does. So, whenever you watch the movie you get the same taste and want to watch it again.
B000059MEK|5.0|If you like dance music then you'll love this album.
B00003CXZ4|5.0|This movie has been moved up to my #1 favorite movie ever. It is incredibly thought provoking, well written and directed. Guy Pearce does an excellent job and proves just how talented he really is with this performance. I highly recommend this movie to everyone. Although, you shouldn't watch it with that friend who has a need to talk through movies asking &quot;what's going on?&quot;.
B000059MEK|5.0|This is the coolest album with dance music ever so if you like dance music get this album
B00005KHL0|4.0|Pop it in and have a look. It's still the best. Halloween set a standard that no one bothered to live up to and so it remains atop a heap of Jasons and Freddies and masked idiocy that I can't even remember the names of. The thing is, Halloween isn't an excercise in teen-slashing. It is a horror movie that explores (in the urgent rantings of Donald Pleasence) the nature and inevitability of evil. Remember, Michael Myers isn't a punk kid in a mask. He is, like the shark in Jaws, something bigger and scarier and unstoppable. With the additional 12 minutes that was added for television now restored, those ruminations are explored even more in-depth. And that's cool. My one small complaint would be that too much is shown of the young Michael Myers. When Donald Pleasence describes the young kid (evil...pure evil) you get chills. Now, when you actually see more of the young Myers, you kind of wonder where his skateboard is and if he has enough bus fare to make it back to Pasadena. But a teeny tiny complaint. This movie - now 12 minutes longer - is the real thing. The work of people who cared what kind of movie they were making.
B000002U9Y|5.0|Pink Floyd's 1968 release A Saucerful of Secrets stands as one of my favorite albums and towers as one of the greatest musical creations of the century. The ability of Pink Floyd to personify the music and transport the listener to a completely different world and state of mind is what makes this such a fantastic album. The pieces on this album are more than rock songs, they are stories brought to life with nearly flawless use of instrumentation, sound effects, and song structure. Unlike other rock songs where lyrics and volume are the most common vehicles for displaying the message of the song, the tone and feel of the music on Saucerful gives the listener a clear idea of the song's purpose, one that is far more descripitive than words. Rick Wright's somber and nostalgic &quot;Remember a Day&quot; is a perfect example of the music's power. While the soft piano part elicits the peaceful mood of childhood, Syd Barret's haunting slide guitar brings to life the trapped and desperate longing for youth that is at the heart of the song. The opening organ, the eerie guitar riff of the verse, and the final guitar coda give &quot;Let There Be More Light&quot; the feeling of a strange mystical encounter. &quot;See Saw&quot; is a smooth, summer childhood fantasy, and the chaotic middle bridge and quiet acoustic finale give &quot;Jugband Blues&quot; the true sense of insanity felt by Syd Barrett at the time of its composition. Each member of the group gave a sincere and emotional performance of the album, which is one reason that the album may be Pink Floyd's strongest collective work and it is almost certainly their greatest artistic achievement.
B00003CY5K|5.0|Leagally Blonde not only can change you're perspective on things but can also make you think before you act. Elle Woods has the courage to take action by applying to Harvard Law School. When she realizes she's accepted she goes there to tell her ex-boyfriend that she still loves him. But when she arrives he's with another girl. The movie shows that a ditzy dumpblonde girl can really take a huge step so she can accomplish her goals. This also teaches people that you should really not judge someone by their looks or your first time meeting w/ them. For elle woods shows harvard that she can make a difference and at the end of the movie her beauty know it alls lets her win a case. This story is truely amazing! it's a great fun and hilarious movie that all teens would enjoy. You could definetly say it's a chick flick, although all my guy friends have liked it..i encourage youto see this movie.
B00005LKIM|2.0|One of the finest movies of the 1990s was THE SILENCE OF THE LAMBS. The film had a powerful and edgy feel: Hopkins gave his most chilling and greatest performance, Jodie Foster was believable and understood her character (Clarice), the way the story played was cerebral and the representation of the varying degrees of evil- through both the Lecter and Buffalo Bill characters- was brilliant. Fast forward ten years. Here's the sequil, HANNIBAL. You couldn't really expect HANNIBAL to match SILENCE, but you could at least hope it would be a great follow-up, right? Wrong. As it turns out, HANNIBAL has a few problems. It is missing the edge its predecessor has, feels too long and isn't really chilling because Lecter's dialogue is lacking the almost supernatural-feel that characterized SILENCE. But there are two even greater problems: #1. Clarice. Julianne Moore is a good actress, but Jodie Foster is the REAL Clarice. Foster had a feel for her character. Plus, it is hard to think you're watching the second part of one story when one of the characters looks radically different. Is it just me or did Clarice lose weight and become taller and facially dissimilar? It may have been Foster's choice to not come back, but the producers should have gotten on their knees and begged; they should have offered Foster everything she could have possibly wanted. #2. The ending. DO NOT READ THE REST OF THIS REVIEW IF YOU HAVE NOT SEEN THE MOVIE. The ending of HANNIBAL is all wrong because of the ending of SILENCE. Consider SILENCE's ending: Buffalo Bill is defeated, Clarice has received her psychological evaluation and the only thing not resolved is the fact that Lecter is loose. That's what HANNIBAL should have done: resolved the one problem left over from SILENCE. Instead, HANNIBAL ends with Lecter on the loose yet again. So the question is, if Lecter was loose at the end of SILENCE, and if he's loose at the beginning of HANNIBAL, and he's loose at the end of HANNIBAL, what has been accomplished? What in God's name was the point? If Lecter was a) arrested or b) killed, then maybe we would have something here. Instead, the producers seemed preoccupied with planning a third movie. I don't think the makers of SILENCE were busy planning a sequil when they made their movie, do you?
B000002UHG|5.0|The artist himself acknowledged in interviews that he knew it wouldn't be a bestseller, and seemed to have accepted it. But it seems a terrible shame that a man could pour out his heart--and in such beautiful fashion--and go unheard. Broken China is on a level with Mr. Waters' solo work Amused to Death. I don't say that lightly. But to compare it any further to ATD would be to do both works a disservice. Both are certainly concept albums. However, while ATD has a lyrical focus and the music takes a supporting role, Broken China has a more musical focus, with the lyrics of Anthony Moore in a supporting role.<br />Broken China is the harrowing, but ultimately inspiring story of two individuals alone: the narrator, Mr. Wright himself, and his wife (then his girlfriend--her first name is Millie). Openly emotional in nature, this story will bring you to tears.  The story is very personal to Mr. Wright--the experience of watching his girlfriend endure clinical depression. Mr. Wright wrote this album, in part, as a means to help deal with the aftermath of this painful episode.<br />The album is divided into four sets, each containing four songs. Each part deals with a particular \\"phase\\" of his girlfriend's life. Most of it is \\"narrated\\" by Mr. Wright, but two songs are sung by Sinead O'Connor, who represents his girlfriend. Here's a quick summary as I understand it, but I feel that in this case I have to be careful in stating my interpretations, since this album deals directly with the lives of two real individuals.  In Set 1, Mr. Wright describes the childhood abuse his girlfriend endured--some of it probably sexual (from \\"Hidden Fear\\": \\"Why do we feel this adult pain/And hold these secrets that don't belong?\\"). If the title of this set's last song relates the true course of events, she runs away from home. Set 2 deals with womanhood and her attempts to repress all the pain of her childhood--but the pressure keeps building. Set 3 deals with the breakdown, the depression,and the terrible pain it caused both his girlfriend and Mr. Wright himself. In Set 4 she makes a gradual, but eventually successful recovery with Mr. Wright giving her his love and support. (After the events of the album itself, Richard and Millie Wright married--a true happy ending after a harrowing ordeal.)<br />The sound of the album itself is difficult to describe--quite otherworldly in many places, almost verging on techno for a few tracks (most notably \\"Satellite\\"), but nearly classical on a few others (most notably \\"Hidden Fear\\" and \\"Blue Room in Venice\\"). Yet another instrumental track is reminiscent of The Division Bell's \\"Cluster One\\" (\\"Sweet July\\"). Always otherworldly, the album shows off the wide range of musical moods and textures Mr. Wright is capable of producing. Though he often goes unrecognized, Mr. Wright's work truly is an influential, if sometimes subtle part of the Pink Floyd sound. <br />Mr. Wright's vocals are noticeably different on Broken China than any of his earlier work. Probably the closest comparison would be to TDB's \\"Wearing the Inside Out.\\" However, to many of the songs, there's a much more melodic quality to his singing--he makes much more use of vibrato than any other Floyd member ever has (ex. \\"Hidden Fear\\"), but he takes care not to overdo it. Mr. Wright's singing is not harsh or overbearing. Though his voice is rather deeper-sounding than fans of early Floyd would be accustomed to, his voice hasn't suffered over time-it's as clear as ever. Mr. Wright said in an interview that in the making of Broken China he felt freer to experiment with his voice to find a way he felt most comfortable.  To my ear, it came out wonderfully. <br />Though the music is probably the primary focus for most, the lyrics are emotionally very powerful. One of the most powerful examples is in \\"Far from the Harbour Wall\\": <br />\\"Now, because I could not cope with pain <BR>How things are not the same, she's got no remedies. <BR>A heartbreaking fall and I fear a change of course <BR>I feel like we were born insane, <BR>I hear the love, I fear the love <BR>For the heart is so low, see how it grows apart.\\" <br />My heart really went out to Mr. Wright here--it sounds as if he's blaming himself for everything that's happening to her, and how painfully strong the love is that he has for her. Oh, how that hit home--I could feel it so strongly. I cried when I heard this, because I felt his pain as if it were my own...just as it seems Mr. Wright felt HER pain as HIS own, not to mention his own private pain from what he was seeing. <br />\\"To all those brave enough to face their past,\\" says the album's dedication. Indeed--it took a great bravery for Mr. Wright to do this. He may be quiet, but there's no denying that he is truly brave. The same applies to Mrs. Wright for agreeing to let him create Broken China and to eventually decide that she was all right with letting him tell the full story about her. This is an album about an issue that affects one out of ten people.  ONE out of TEN--think about that. <br />\\"We were cut off from our lives, by a wall of pain, <BR>It can't be seen, it's so routine, it has no face or name.\\" <BR>--\\"Along the Shoreline\\" <br />It HAS a name, and it CAN be treated. I think that is part of the reason that Mr. Wright released this album--so perhaps someone out there somewhere might be spared the suffering the two of them endured. This is the deep bravery that arises out of love--this is what offers hope in the darkest of circumstances. This is the secret of Broken China. <br />\\"To all those brave enough to face their past.\\"
B00003CXSP|2.0|I give this movie two stars only because I like the opening scene featuring the FBI shootout with the gangster mother. Scott does a decent job adapting the screenplay from Harris's novel (initially titled Morbidity of the Soul). What inclined Harris to write such a grotesque ending? I'm glad Jodie Foster turned down the role. I'm also glad I rented this film instead of buying it. Hannibal has the most over-the-top sick ending I've ever seen in a film/novel. I'm also a little disappointed that Hopkins agreed to do a second sequal. Apparently he has succomed to the lust for fame and fortune that intoxicates so many Hollywood actors. I don't plan on seeing this movie again.
B00002E224|5.0|Thank god this movie is available on DVD. I bought it right here. Everyone else here stole my thunder, so I can only say what my favorite scenes are: - the opening scenes showing the train gliding through the European countryside - Celine sitting down across from Jesse and glancing at him... twice - Their first kiss on the ferris wheel at post-sunset(VERY romantic). - The 'telephone' conversation - Talking under the stars - Taking each others' picture - Saying goodbye. This movie contains the best goodbye kiss I've ever seen on film. When I first rented this movie, I tried to keep myself from watching it too often so that I wouldn't get tired of it. But it is really hard to get tired of this film.
B00003CXFV|2.0|The story was fascinating. The more I followed it, the more intrigued I was with the workings of the big unethical corporation. What I did not care for was Julia Roberts as Erin Brokovich. Was Ms Brokovich really that much of a b****? I felt no compassion for her. But then, I guess Erin Brokovich doesn't want anyone's compassion. I'm the first to admit that I'm jealous of Julia Roberts' success as an actress. But when she plays aggressive, obnoxious characters and then gets Oscars, magazine covers with that big, grinning face, and praise as a result, I get irritated. I look forward to the next embarrassing National Inquirer cover with her on it. She has almost as much attitude as Shaft.
6305841861|5.0|As many have said, this film is really more of a remake than a sequel. Although Raimi intended the first five minutes to summarize the first movie and the rest of this one to be the actual sequel, there are enough changes that effectively this becomes a remake.<br />What is interesting is how, even with relatively minor plot differences, they are very different films. It's not often that you see a genre shift within the same series of movies (ALIEN and ALIENS comes to mind). The first EVIL DEAD was an all-out B-movie horror flick, a genuine attempt to scare and gross out its viewers, on a miniscule budget. The second is a more self-consciously ironic parody of that genre, with a bigger (but still very small) budget. Its primary goal is laughs, not thrills -- though it has those too. <br />I'm surprised that Leonard Maltin says the second movie is &quot;almost on par&quot; with the first. To me, the second one is orders of magnitude superior to the first. But I acknowledge that this is a personal opinion which makes sense when you consider that I have always considered even &quot;serious&quot; B-movie horror flicks to be laughable and not remotely scary. All the cliches (of dialogue, plot, cinematography, music, and gory FX) just lend themselves too easily to self-parody. How can such a movie possibly take itself seriously? I think Raimi and Campbell came to the same conclusion before making the second film. <br />If you have a similar perspective, or if you have seen ARMY OF DARKNESS and are wondering which EVIL DEAD to watch, see this one, EVIL DEAD II. It is the true predecessor (in plot and style) to ARMY, and it is the movie that the first one wished it could be.
B00003CX5P|3.0|Some parts of the movie was a joy to watch, for instance two jedi's duking it out and the visual graphics. However, why must fans pay so much just to enjoy digital movies? I guess it's another case of the movie producers wanting to wrench every penny possible. That is why I gave it this rating...
B00004XQ83|3.0|This CD was a big disappointment to me. The fidelity is real uneven and a lot of the music is boring. I guess I was expecting more tracks like the ones by Alison Krause? I should have saved my money!
B00003CXRM|4.0|Like most Coen brother movies, the first look into any of their flicks can be decieving. I absolutely despised the Big Lebowski after the first run in my VCR. But after being stuck with it and stuck without cable on Staten Island... Gave it a couple more shots, and each time the movie got better. &quot;Oh Brother...&quot; is no different. I think it comes down to how willing you are to suspend disbelief-- most can't the first time they see something on the big screen (self included). The lush bluegrass as the perpetual foundation will win over even Public Enemy to DJ Rap fans (read: anyone). No real morals, no real messages (the same stuff heavyweight Mark Twain promised he would take a shot at somebody for expecting)-- just good &quot;old timey&quot; fun.
0780020685|1.0|Save your money and time by not watching this badly made kung-fu movie. The guys in this movie do not know martial arts at all. The story goes as follows: Some shaolin monk gets hired by some korean guys to protect their village. He recruits some other kung-fu fighters and goes to the village and kills all bandits. End of story. The fight scenes are so bad that it is laughable. I have seen movies by bruce lee and Jet Lee and they are vastly superior. Even the recent movie &quot;the Matrix&quot; has great hong kong type fight scenes, but this hong kong movie does not have any.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|This had been, by far, the best movie of the year. It's a great adaptation of an old legend, and it's superbly acted by all in the movie. Finally...a musical to rival the classics.
1557507473|5.0|If your war history reading list is rich with books that take a bird's eye view of combat, try taking a beach assault into hell with E.B. &quot;Sledgehammer&quot; Sledge. I read this book after reading &quot;Wartime&quot; by Paul Fussell who recommends it as the best singular account of the realities of combat. It is a very detailed, gritty account of the war through the eyes of a man who survived two extremely brutal battles. The descriptions of the battlefields he fought in and the wreckage of the aftermath are priceless and hard to find in other history books. This is a great read for someone who has never been in battle or the Marines and wants to know what it's REALLY like. It's also a great warning to those who might want start a war that will involve someone else's sons and daughters....
B000006045|5.0|Sitting at the House of Blues in Hollywood a beautiful song crept into my ears and caught my attention. On the TV screen wasa shown the cover of Mezzanine and I never forgot that picture. It would be years before I bought the album - a shame. Production is outstanding songwriting is brilliant. This album breathes with emotion and life.
1557507473|5.0|If your war history reading list is rich with books that take a bird's eye view of combat, try taking a beach assault into hell with E.B. &quot;Sledgehammer&quot; Sledge. I read this book after reading &quot;Wartime&quot; by Paul Fussell who recommends it as the best singular account of the realities of combat. It is a very detailed, gritty account of the war through the eyes of a man who survived two extremely brutal battles. The descriptions of the battlefields he fought in and the wreckage of the aftermath are priceless and hard to find in other history books. This is a great read for someone who has never been in battle or the Marines and wants to know what it's REALLY like. It's also a great warning to those who might want to start a war that will involve someone else's sons and daughters....
B000002AHC|5.0|&quot;But it took me twenty years to get to you&quot;... The Notorious Byrd Brothers can be viewed as a hymn to an older generation and the fall of our hopes and dream we had as children. There's no doubt this a masterpiece, maybe there isn't a song which incarnates in a better way the soul of the album but all the tracks stand togheter in a timeless milestone.
0802130208|5.0|The greatest American novel of the last half of the twentieth century. I've read it several times. I'll read it many more. One of the funniest books I have ever read, the sad part is that Toole committed suicide when he couldn't find a publisher. It eventually won the Pullitzer Prize. The anti-hero Ignatius Reilly wanders through the New Orleans Quarter in the sixties into and out of various absurd situations that all transpire into a set of hilarious coincidences. The machinations of the -slightly- more normal characters are all advanced or undermined as the incomparable Ignatius undertakes his own bizarre schemes. Sometimes almost poignantly sad, yet consumed by hilarity, this book is one of the Great American Novels.
B00000IAU3|3.0|I have been raising pennies to purchase this album for a while, and I must admit, I am a little (lot) dissappointed, perhaps because it has has such rave reviews.<br />It also reminds me of a particularly pallid shy woman, which Dido seems to be. Cheer up honey, things can't be so bad! It is a hugely inspid album in reality. Come on, be honest. You wait for her to scream out abuse Ani Difranco style, or croon a nasty cuss like Alanis Morrisette or Fiona Apple. <br />She doesn't have the voice of Natalie Merchant or Tori Amos, who can get away with inpsid tunes. Beth Orton, similarly, has a pretty average voice sometimes, but she has spirit. Dido sounds a little resentful about singing. <br />The songs remain at a constant tempo/pitch throughout the tune and it is sadly at the same tempo/pitch as the rest of the album. I find it an immensly frustrating album, and I find her consistancy unnerving and unrelaxing. She comes up with some decent lyrics, but I think I could only listen to a couple of tracks before jumping up and down in sheer anger and switching it to a little Fiona. If I were you, I would save your pennies also, and switch straight to Fiona. True, I could be 'misunderstanding her', by Dido just do it for me, and I doubt she ever would. ...
B00003CX8I|4.0|When translating comic books to the screen, it is typically a hit-or-miss affair. The last real success was Tim Burton's 'Batman', which is still debatable. Incredibly, it took a non-comic film like 'The Matrix' to elevate standards beyond the schlock that characterizes the 'Batman' series. 'X-Men' meets the difficult standards of portraying characters everyone already knows and walking the fine line of making them realistic without destroying their identities. Doing this while making a film that is its own coherent work while doing justice to the comic series is another fine line to walk. In every way -story, effects, acting, characters- 'X-Men' pulls it off. Beginning with the concentration camp scene was startling, and a stroke of genius; Magneto's depth of character was both well acted by McKellan, and well set by the scenes of demagoguery. By focusing on Wolverine and Rogue to create depth, without burdening the story with every aspect of the heroes, the good-vs-bad struggle does not come across as merely effects-driven eye candy. Leaving enough loose holes at the end to make the story bigger for sequels, one isn't left with a sense that they're going to bastardize the whole concept just to make a buck off of McDonald's Happy Meals, as the 'Batman' series has become. Incredibly well done.
B00004XQ83|5.0|Those kings of cinematic quirkiness, the Coen brothers, fashioned their film O BROTHER, WHERE ART THOU? as a contemporary adaption of Homer's Odyssey, centering around a group of American chain-gang prisoners. The film's earthy Southern setting makes it a natural for a bluegrass-oriented soundtrack, for which producer T-Bone Burnett picked thecream of the country crop. &quot;Didn't Leave Nobody But the Baby,&quot; for example, is a summit meeting of some of the finest contemporary female country vocalists (Gillian Welch, Emmylou Harris, and Alison Krauss). The old school isn't forgotten either, as evidenced by a chilling a cappella rendering of &quot;O Death,&quot; courtesy of Ralph Stanley, and by the closing cut, where the Stanley Brothers issue an elegant plea to heaven with &quot;Angel Band.&quot;
B00005AACC|2.0|This blunderbuss of a movie was supposed to be saved by having John Woo make it look good; however, nothing can save a conceptual abortion of this magnitude. Throwing money at it only makes the effect worse, as if drinking more Cuervo Gold will make the hangover more bearable. This movie was a total overcompensation for the incredibly inscrutable &quot;Mission Impossible I&quot;. In that movie, the double twist was supposed to look intelligent, after an hour-and-a-half of incoherent garbage in the guise of an &quot;heavy&quot; plot that didn't make a lick of sense. &quot;Mission Impossible II&quot; reaches for the other extreme when it was realized that good writing is necessary for that sort of thing. Since &quot;MI:1&quot; looks positively clever next to this fatuous mess, it seems that the &quot;concept committee&quot; didn't feel like rubbing two brain cells together to achieve the critical mass needed to pull off a decent script. &quot;MI:2&quot; has such a simplistic plot, yet they still need to pull the 'fake mask' thing whenever things start getting muddled. Every supposed &quot;shocker/twist&quot; is utterly predictable. The premise is totally ludicrous, and bascially everything lacks any kind of proportion. Tom Cruise is so dull in his line delivery, it is embarrassing how supposedly charismatic the whole thing is supposed to be. The amazing thief, as the female lead, never really does anything that amazing except open a door all by herself and pick a lock. The &quot;witty&quot; exchanges with the hot chick are so hammy that the dialogue about satellites and laptops are infinitely more interesting. John Woo's attempted rescue of this lukewarm creation revolves around various visual scenes that are interesting in and of themselves. The resignation for a few technically stunning scenes to be excellent, while the movie as a whole blunders on, is not entirely excusable.
B0000024RQ|5.0|BOB DYLAN IS A GENIUS. I keep wonderin' how many brains must a man have before he can write something close to Dylan's second album. Of course, this is just the beginning of a legend - everybody should have all of Dylan's records. This album has classics such as Girl From The North Country, Masters Of War (brilliant, I must say), A Hard Rain's A-Gonna Fall, Don't Think Twice... and the BIG one (imho): Blowin' In The Wind (this song is gonna change your way of thinking). Buy this album right now, you'll love it. Forty years ago a guy from Minnesota started saying what he was thinking. His words are still true and strong, maybe more than ever. BOB DYLAN IS A GENIUS!
B000002UWF|4.0|This album is a DEAL. Twenty-six songs cheap! I got it at ... for $... . They all swing, and there are ballads in there as well that are great. The 'Embraceable You' track is hilarious. I bought it mainly for the 'Angelina, Zooma Zoom' medley, but as a whole this is probably the best Prima collection available. His version of 'St. Louis Woman' is cranked up. All of these tunes were recorded in the late 50s, when Louis Prima was at the top of his game. His mixtures of style, sudden tempo changes and craziness always keeps you on your toes. He let his horn section do lots of solos; some of the saxaphone work is some of the best I've heard for swing.
B0000508U6|2.0|I actually owned this CD at one time, right at the beginning of 2001. I can't remember why (it wasn't &quot;Yellow&quot;). I guess they sort of fit into a style that I was into at the time -- call it winsome alt-rock. I really gave it an effort, tried to like it. But, I soon woke up and realized that this band and their album are pretty lame. It's not that they're terrible, and admittedly they're better than most of what's played on the radio. But there are so many similar new bands that are more talented and inventive than Coldplay: the Delgados, the Doves, Kingsbury Manx, Wheat, Creeper Lagoon.... to name a few.<br />Oh, and just one more thing. Coldplay sound NOTHING like Radiohead! I don't know where people get that impression! Both singers have kinda high-pitched voices-- THAT'S IT. Radiohead is about a hundred times better than Coldplay, so obviously someone's not paying close enough attention.
0553106635|5.0|More, give me more...I've read all three of these books twice in hopes that by the time I've completed &quot;A Storm of Swords&quot; again the fourth installment would be out. I generally dislike getting involved with series for the very reason that you have to wait for each one, but this is such a magnificent story that I'm willing to forego my usual inclination for instant gratification. Be warned though, this isn't the usual spunsugar fantasy, these are &quot;real&quot; people that inhabit these book.  The plot lines are fascinating, but the real draw for me is the cast of characters that I feel I know so well...give me more Sandor Clegane please, he's a tragic hero in the making if I ever saw one. I highly recommend this series. Oh yeah, one more selling point...these books will help build upper body strength, they're HUGE!
0141301120|3.0|I remember in 2nd grade when our teacher read Charlie and the Chocolate Factory to the class. It had such an effect on us that when we spotted Charlie and the Great Glass Elevator in the school library, we were all scrambling over each other to get it (I got it first). Looking back, while this book is still good, it lacks the central focus and charm that the original had. I did not expect the focus to be on the chocolate factory, since the title clearly says 'Great Glass Elevator'. However, the elevator only features in the first-half the book when everyone gets launched into space. This might have been a good idea for another book, but here it seems odd and rather dragged-out. With the second part of the book, the gang returns to Earth and mess around with Wonka-vite, an age-restoring miracle drug that gets badly abused. This part is much better, since we get to learn a bit more about the factory. Overall, I would have been much more pleased if Dahl had made the book longer and divided it into several seperate short stories. Together, the two seperate plots don't connect at all. Grandma Georgina also proved to be a bitter character and not sympathetic at all. Also, I hope that there is a version out there that still contains the original drawings in the book. Nothing against Quentin Blake, but the original sketches were classic.
B00005JG6Q|2.0|&quot;Akira&quot; is the best example of why anime can often times be so frustrating to watch. Many praise &quot;Akira&quot; as the greatest film of its kind, a landmark in animation. True, from a visual standpoint, &quot;Akira&quot; is dazzling, especially in this new DVD version where the colors are more vibrant than ever before. But can anyone make sense of the damn thing? I've seen it a few times and still couldn't tell you what happens in the last 30 minutes. And to be quite honest, I don't think I care. The characters are never devloped all that well, and their faces are drawn in such a manner that it is easy to confuse them. The new voice dubbing doesn't help either; everyone in Kaneda's gang sounds exactly the same. Then there's the seemingly requisite misogyny found in many anime releases, but not the best -- &quot;Princess Mononoke&quot; still stands taller than all other films in the genre. Is &quot;Akira&quot; a masterpiece? No. But I suspect that it will always be seen as one because of its cult film status. But it just doesn't work for me; I'm more interested in the fates of the characters in &quot;Final Fantasy IX&quot; on PSX than I am in these street thugs.
B00004XOWN|4.0|This is my review of the songs on this records 1: Not bad 4 an intro 2:Humorous, and has a good beat to it 3:Good for this this type of song 4:One of the best ones here 5:Second Best 6:):):):) (in case u didn't know, those were 4 smiles) 7:good 8:I didn't know until 2 min., but this is great 9:cool, but a close call 10:im a m-i fan, so i loved this 11:freaky 12: The Best 13:not much here 14: VERY KOOOL 15: Has a monotonous voice for 3 min. still funny(the voice is a laugh)
B00003CXSP|5.0|This movie is outstanding, so outrageous and very elegant. yes it has a lot of gore, but such a thing shouldn't be a surprise to someone who had seen Silence of the Lambs, and read Hannibal. I loved Anthony Hopkin's performance, and Julianne Moore was so great. I think she filled Jodie's shoes very professionately and made me reach a point where I can't imagine the movie being made without her. The DVD's features were so beautifully arranged that I should say it is the most beautiful DVD that has ever been put together by a studio. I give the movie, the performance, the cast, the DVD, the direction, and the score five stars and say Great Job. A must see and Have and a real masterpiece created by Ridley Scott.
B000059WOD|4.0|Whether rock-rap or rapcore is going to live on for awhile or die off and fly into history next to other music genres that were short-lived remains speculated over constantly. I, personally, think that rock-rap will live on as long as it wants if talented artists like Linkin Park stay behind the wheel of it's driving force. Before anyone dares to stereotype this and throw it on the shelf next to their dust-growing albums of the same type, or their &quot;got way too old, way too fast&quot; Limp Bizkit CD's, this album DEFINITELY deserves several listens, although just one spin should get you hooked. How, you might ask? It's as simple as the fact that this is one of those rare albums where there simply is not a bad song on the entire thing. One can spin the entire CD without coming across a skippable track or a gut-wretching, space-filling interlude, which can't be said about too many groups in this style of music. Strictly no-BS here. Leading the front of the group are Chester Bennington, with an amazing voice that would make Maynard James Keenan of Tool jealous, but with enough ferocity to scream his heart out on the level of some of today's loudest metal bands. Such a contrast is rare. Putting forth just as much contribution, and an equal frontman along Chester, is Mike Shinoda, strictly in charge of rap lyrics, who has the flowing ability, if not better, of most hip-hop artists. The crunching guitars of Brad Delson bring the rock part of the album to life, while Rob Bourdon's steady and fast-paced drums keep the beats so in check and so hip-hop oriented that one would swear it is a drum machine at points. However, the most bragging rights go to Joseph Hahn, the band's DJ. He can mix sound effects, cut records, and tear into his turntables with the same level of skill as DJ Lethal, among numerous others, all of which is gloriously reflected in the song &quot;Cure For The Itch&quot;, performed only by Mr. Hahn. Strangely, the band didn't even have a permanent bass player during the recording, and had to hire a bassist for each song, but now, thankfully, a permanent bassist by the name of Phoenix has solved those problems. But that's just where the band lies. The music itself is no typical rapcore. The emotionally charged lyrics on all the songs take the music to a level that Limp Bizkit's Fred Durst can't even dream of achieving. Adrenaline-pumping hard rock songs such as &quot;Papercut&quot;, &quot;With You&quot;, &quot;One Step Closer&quot;, &quot;Crawling&quot; and &quot;Runaway&quot; will silence the skeptical on the heavy metal matter. Mike Shinoda gets a chance to show off his flowing skills on &quot;Points Of Authority&quot;, &quot;By Myself&quot;, and co-operates on the rock vocals on &quot;Forgotten&quot;. More melodic, but by no means quieter or calmer songs include &quot;In The End&quot;, &quot;A Place For My Head&quot;, and the album's finale &quot;Pushing Me Away&quot;. The band's sound itself has influences from A Perfect Circle, Deftones, House Of Pain, Nine Inch Nails, Papa Roach, Videodrone, and numerous others. Fortunately, this version of the album has two added tracks attached to it. &quot;My December&quot; and &quot;High Voltage&quot;, which were originally released on the band's no-longer-available EP, are gracefully added onto here for some extra touch. Although &quot;High Voltage&quot; doesn't exactly fit the mood of the rest of the album, &quot;My December&quot; should have made it onto &quot;Hybrid Theory&quot;'s final cut, ranging as one of the groups best songs, amazingly moving and talented. The implemation of the keyboards in the tune are something not seen very often in Linkin Park's work, aside from &quot;In The End&quot;. This is not to mention that Chester Bennington's voice is absolutely beautiful and amazing on &quot;My December&quot;. &quot;High Voltage&quot; in itself is a decent song, although it is completely hip-hop and un-parallelled with the rest of the album. Definitely deserves a listen though, especially for the added DJ effects and whatnot. Also, this version contains the video for &quot;One Step Closer&quot;, the band's first radio/MTV (God have mercy) single. The video in itself is pretty interesting, having a dark and bizarre theme that's somewhat unexpected. In essence, it's two kids watching the band play in a dark sewer with strange, costumed individuals floating in the air. While not as thrilling as videos by such names as Tool, it definitely gets your attention. In my opinion, the best songs on the album are &quot;In The End&quot;, &quot;Papercut&quot;, &quot;My December&quot;, and &quot;Pushing Me Away&quot;, although it's next to impossible to choose favorites, as every track is equally amazing. Don't stereotype this album with the rest of it's genre and forget about it. This is a must-have. However, if you're going to get charged a high price for two extra tracks and a video, don't bother and simply get the original version.
0898705525|5.0|In this masterpiece Chesterton spells out in strong literary beauty the apparent contradictions in Christianity that baffle non-Christians. He draws the distinction between the 'balance' that many people search for and the paradox in Christianity. The Christian is not searching for a balance, but wants both seeming opposites in their fullest degree. Chesterton lays the truth of Christianity on the line in this book showing his conversion and by doing so assists others in their own conversions.
B00003CXZ4|1.0|I cannot believe how many people loved this film. It is grossly overrated. Discussions around this film center on its &quot;groundbreaking&quot; backwards structure. Well, there is a little known film from the early 1980's called &quot;Betrayal&quot; starring Jeremy Irons and Ben Kingsley. It is a film about a love triangle that is told backwards. TV's Seinfeld did a riff on Betrayal with the Indian Wedding episode. So this film is hardly groundbreaking. As for the story, I found it boring. Yet another revenge story, HO HUM. This film is just yet another variation on the Pulp Fiction influence.
0446310786|5.0|Harper Lee has created an deep, provocative novel in To Kill A Mockingbird. She explores various themes in the book through the eyes of a young child, Scout Finch, and in doing so provides often humourous insight. That, along with Harper Lee's masterful use of symbolism and careful storyline structure, easily sets TKAMB apart from ordinary novels. Harper Lee's talent in accurately and disinterestingly exploring the Alabamian society and the prevalent racism of the 1920's shines. This book is highly recommended for those who wish to gain a wider view of aspects of society which still plague us today, such as racial discrimination, racism, prejudice, etc. There may still be hope today.
B000002H2H|5.0|This is one of the best heavy metal albums ever made (Topped only by Metallica's own &quot;Master Of Puppets&quot; and Iced Earth's &quot;Something Wicked This Way Comes&quot;) This is absolutley incredible! Fight Fire With Fire: An amazingly beautiful classical guitar intro is very misleading considering the thrash godliness that follows. This is one of the fastest riffs I've ever heard. Awesome, and it tackles a good subject, nuclear holocaust. Ride The Lightning: One of the coolest song intos ever. The lyrics to this one are very horrifying, but great! It is from the point of view of someone being electrocuted. Very intense. For Whom The Bell Tolls: If you don't already know this classic, you are obviously not a fan of metal. The trademark bells in the beginning lead into one of Metallica's best songs. Great lyrics. Fade To Black: Metallica's first &quot;ballad&quot;, and one of their best songs ever. Starts slow, ends in a furious guitar battle. These lyrics are amazing and James begins to experiment with his &quot;softer&quot; vocal side. Trapped Under Ice: This is thrash metal at its finest. The lyrics aren't all that memorable, but the guitar work is phenomenal. Great work. Escape: This is one of the least loved Metallica songs, but it's one of my favorites on the album. It isn't very heavy but the lyrics are some of the best I've ever heard. Great chorus and very well sung by Hetfield. Creeping Death: Metallica's most famous live song makes its first appearance here. Amazing solo and very brutal vocals. This is a true metal classic. One of the most memorable intros of all time. The Call Of Ktulu: An absolutely stunning instrumental. This really shows the chemistry that the late Cliff Burton had with the rest of the band. Dave Mustaine gets his final writing credit with the band on this song. Greatness! This is a must have if you like metal, enough said!
B0000026VZ|5.0|As the title says, I don't care what anyone says, this is awesome stuff... It's pop music, definately, but it's good pop music... and there is nothing wrong with a good pop song, or well, an album full of good pop songs... I find this album to be perfect when you're in a sappy mood, because it's full of sappy love songs, or when you're head over heels in love... I know it has helped me get through tough times, and has also enhanced the good feelings in a relationship... it's good stuff and sometimes you just don't want to have to think or analyze music too much... sometimes you just want to sit back and enjoy... my favorite songs are Africa, Rosanna, I'll Be Over You, Georgy Porgy, etc... but there really aren't any bad tracks on here...
B000003TA4|1.0|do to me what it has done for others. I Remember when Nevermind first came out and i bought it and really had no connection to it whatsoever. To many people claim that Kirk was a genius, I disagree. This album is very boring, and very immature. Kirk Cobain Was just a well paid brat. The Only thing good to come from Nirvana is Dave Grohl. If You Want Real Music From This Era, Buy Ten From Pearl Jam.
B000001EAQ|5.0|This is not the best by U2... you'd have to do pretty good to top albums like The Joshua Tree, and Achtung Baby... but this is an awesome album... and I think a lot of people are scared away from this because it's such a radical departure (however not half as radical as Zooropa in my opinion)... You can't expect, well shouldn't expect bands to produce the same music over and over, and the sad thing is that most bands do produce the same thing over and over... U2 is all about change, and they have always remarkably changed and reinvented there sound... this album is very technoish, but is a rock album... Radiohead has been praised the last little while for their blending of rock and techno and bringing it to a big market... but really U2 did it before them... Achtung Baby was their Ok Computer (dabbling in techno), Zooropa was their Kid A (more of a jump into Techno) and this is their Amnesiac (a more successful blending of techno and rock then their previous)... I own every album U2 released, and this ranks at the top of the list... yes it's different from everything they've released, but if you get past that and just listen you hear great songs... Discoteque is a fun rocker... Do You Feel Loved is a great, beautiful rocking song... If God Would Send His Angels is a beautiful softer song... it's all great, but you need to listen to this with open ears... Radiohead is one of my favorite bands, blending rock and techno, but U2 did it before them...
B000007ODM|5.0|THIS IS NOT AS SIMILAR TO ENIGMA AS EVERYONE SAYS... ENIGMA IS MORE INTO BEATS AND DANCE,TRANCE STUFF,,,ERA CONCENTRATES MORE INTO VOCAL MUSIC, AND USES A LOT OF ELECTRIC GUITARS....IT IS MORE ETHERAL,CELESTIAL,AND HAUNTING THAN ENIGMA...... IN MY OPINION, IF I WANT SOMETHING TO HELP ME RELAX OR FALL INTO A DEPRESSED STATE, ID RATHER CHOOSE ERA THAN ENIGMA....
B0000026VZ|5.0|As the title says, I don't care what anyone says, this is awesome stuff... It's pop music, definately, but it's good pop music... and there is nothing wrong with a good pop song, or well, an album full of good pop songs... I find this album to be perfect when you're in a sappy mood, because it's full of sappy love songs, or when you're head over heels in love... I know it has helped me get through tough times, and has also enhanced the good feelings in a relationship... it's good stuff and sometimes you just don't want to have to think or analyze music too much... sometimes you just want to sit back and enjoy... my favorite songs are Africa, Rosanna, I'll Be Over You, Georgy Porgy, etc... but there really aren't any bad tracks on here...
B00004SCX6|5.0|This is one of those CD's you want to listen to over &amp; over again, the songs are really catchy and her voice is just so good, some of the songs aren't as good as in the first album but ovarall this is a better one, if you have any music taste at all you will get this. I know this is a review but it amazes me to find that people still just come to say that the hate her or the album stinks, i think it's just really imature
B0000399WC|5.0|I am from Cuba and I read this book (it was illegal for the goverment) someone let me read it and spire on me to figth for my fredoom. For a period of TWO years I tried to leave Cuba, 10 times took me to get to Miami USA, reading this book gime the corage to take a raft and risk my live in the water...... Now, I live in Puerto Rico, I still read this book and ones every other year I see the movie over and over It is great and I recomend it for every body that love fredoom or dream to be free one day even if you have to die to get IT !
B00004SCX6|5.0|This is one of those CD's you want to listen to over &amp; over again, the songs are really catchy and her voice is just so good, some of the songs aren't as good as in the first album but ovarall this is a better one, if you have any music taste at all you will get this. I know this is a review but it amazes me to find that people still just come to say that the hate her or the album stinks, i think it's just really imature
6305499365|5.0|This is one of those movies that'll jerk your chain. I can so easily relate to all the office BS in this movie, since I worked 30 something years in one of those damn cubicles. When the two conslutants came to do a work force reduction, it brought back some difficult memories. The humor, however, did a great job of removing the edge off of the reality. This is another fine performance by Jennifer Aniston, and Mike Judge did a super job too. He made it all so believable. The ending was outta sight! I loved it. Every working stiff in America needs to see this movie; it'll make your day.
B000005IU2|4.0|The stooges really stank as musicians. What we call punk now seemed to be just noise back then. I remember when this album came out. Most of my friends considered it a joke. If THESE guys could get a recording contract, who couldn't? But then we saw Iggy in concert with the stooges. Here was the prototype for every punk star who came after. This guy mesmerized the audience with his personality. This guy was pure id. He was totally unselfconscious. He threw himself-literally-into the audience. He stripped, smeared his body with anything available (usually peanut butter), he laughed manically and the energy of the audience seemed to drive him on and on as he flung off every inhibition one can imagine. The audience loved it and he got off on it all. This was far beyond any other performer at the time (remember this was 1969!). At the time, I thought he had to be very unstable to be able to do that every night, to bare it all for 2-3 hours. He was missing in action for years after the stooges so it is very possible that... A unique performer, way ahead of his time.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|This is the best movie I've seen this year and it's one the greatest that I've seen in my life. Everything is perfect, the direction, the acting, the singing. It's been quite a time since a musical hit the screens and Baz Luhrmann has done a great job bringing back to life this genre. This movie deserves a million awards and lots of money, for being the great movie it is. Better than ... Pearl Harbor, Jurassic Park III, Planet Of The Apes, etc. That all have grossed over 160M only in the US. Mindless movies. This movie will touch you deeply and will make you want to go watch it a couple of times, I'm hoping for the DVD to come out soon.
B00005214X|5.0|All Things Must Pass is easily one of the greatest albums ever made, easily on par with any Beatles creation. Mostly written during the Beatles' final tumoltuous years, it picks up directly where &quot;something&quot; and &quot;here comes the sun&quot; left off. Although a little overproduced by Phil Spector and his &quot;Wall of Sound,&quot; George's unique songwriting and guitar playing make this album great. From uptempo songs like What is Life to slower acoustic ballads like the first track, I'll Have You Any Time, this album is the finest work of any solo Beatle. Featuring guitar playing and drumming from Eric Clapton and Ringo Starr, instrumentally this album is just incredible. Now that it's been re-released and remastered, hopefully more people will pick up this &quot;forgotten&quot; album. The new tracks, acoustic solo renditions that George did for Phil Spector while unknowingly being taped, only add to this album's greatness. If you're any kind of Beatles fan (or a Bob Dylan fan, for that matter, as he was another collaborator), don't let All Things Must Pass pass you by.
0553277472|5.0|&quot;Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance&quot; is an entire experience in philosophy and spirituality condensed into what I found to be a very thought-provoking anti-novel. It has three main &quot;streams&quot; of thought: the story of the motorcycle-riding narrator and his son, the story of Phaedrus, and the Chautauqua that is the narrator's way of explaining Phaedrus' philosophy. <br />Though the first two chapters of the narrator's musings are slow to bring the reader into the plot, intriguing mystery elements are revealed by the end of Chapter 3. By this time, the reader should know that Phaedrus spent his whole life searching for a ghost, found the ghost, &quot;thrashed it good,&quot; and became one himself. However, the nameless narrator cannot tell Phaedrus' story without also giving the reader a crash-course in history, philosophy, and of course, motorcycle maintenance (through the Chautauqua, of course). I now warn those who cannot bear long lectures about dead historical figures, slippery concepts or technical minutiae to leave this book alone. <br />Part I of the book is set chiefly in the Dakotas. During this part, the Chautauqua mostly discusses the classical-romantic split in people's thinking. What makes Robert M. Pirsig's discussions unique is how he deftly brings Zen concepts into the reader's understanding of the split. <br />Part II begins with the narrator's arrival in Montana. It is the reader's first real encounter with Phaedrus (an unforgettable, though hardly endearing, character) and the first introduction to the &quot;ghost&quot; that he so passionately pursued. (The ghost's name: REASON. One of its popular haunts: SCIENTIFIC METHOD.)<br />Part III takes place during and right after the narrator and his son's hike up a mountain. The chapters in this section are almost entirely devoted to the Chautauqua. The discussion of the ghost of Reason is dropped and a full, in-depth explanation of something outside Reason, Quality, is taken up.Pirsig takes great pains to say how Quality determines our values, creates our mythos and touches our hearts. Those who like taking detours when an interesting topic distracts them will love this part. Those who don't care for such detours and want to get on with the story will find this part long-winded and over-written. (This is their second warning!) <br />Part IV continues and ends Phaedrus' story as the narrator and his son go through Oregon and California. In the Chautauqua, Quality is joined by Reason once more. The reader finds out how Phaedrus travelled to the University of Chicago, took his philosophical inquiry to its logical end, and finally became a &quot;ghost&quot; himself. His conclusions about what is Real, about what is True, about what is Beautiful, and about what is Best, can prove liberating to anyone who has been independently wondering about them. The ending also contains an interesting twist in the story of the narrator and his son. <br />I can find connections between the ideas in this novel and those in the essays of Ralph Waldo Emerson, the parables of Kahlil Gibran, the poetry of T. S. Eliot, the books of the Bible, and other great spiritual or philosophical literature that generations have read and shared. (Pirsig even explains the why and how of this phenomenon in the Chautauqua.) To best enjoy this story, the reader must relate to it--or resonate to it.
B00004X0Q0|4.0|Before listening to this album I was quite skeptical (&quot;Don't believe the hype&quot;), but after giving Relationship of Command a chance, my faith in modern music (and modern rock critics) had been restored. ATDI delivers as many lyrical non-sequiturs as a Beck or Ghostface album, and as much ferocity as The Smashing Pumpkins at their tortured best. Both beautiful and menacing, Relationship of Command leaves little room for ambiguity. Like works from such artists as Albert Ayler, Frank Zappa or The Stooges, either you &quot;get it&quot; or you don't. The bottom line: if you are keen to experiment, and take pleasure in discovering art (any form of art) that makes a demand on you the audience, then this album will not disappoint. Relationship of Command is as much a mental challenge as it is a wonderfully visceral experience.
B00004U8H4|4.0|If you have every studied or been curious about serial killers this movie will definatly interest you. It shows you a sexual serial killer going through all the documented stages. From his attention to detail to his escalation of killings this killer is all by the book. It was great to see all the theroies I have read come to life in this move, but this movie is definatly for those afraid to see a little gore.The first time around this movie can seem like a jumble and your left feeling like you have to sort everything out but it's definatly better on the second viewing.
B00004Y6NX|5.0|At the moment I believe this is their best, although I havn't heard much of Love over Gold yet.
0553106635|1.0|The first two volumes of Martin's \\"Song of Fire and Ice\\" were GREAT. Book 3 is a horrible disappointment. Can you say \\"Filler?\\" Literally hundreds of pages pass where absolutely NOTHING happens. Martin is on the money train now, the one being run by Robert Jordan and Terry Goodkind and their clones. And Martin has his characters start doing stupid, totally out-of-character things just to shock the reader. It felt contrived, shallow, and, well, dumb. The few significant scenes in this book take up less than a hundred total pages. But you have to slog through a whole lotta to get to them. I know you'll read it, no matter what the reviews say. But you'll be profoundly disappointed.
B00004Y6NW|5.0|Excellent Debut by Dire Straits, They actually had to work hard to out do this one in the end!
630460291X|4.0|I regret the postponement of watching this GREAT movie! I can say that this is one of the best Kevin Costner's movies ever made! I am not going to discuss the movie events because I can see that so many reviewers already did. But what is truly great about this movie is the sound track, special effects, drama and highly driven emotions all the way 'til the end. The weak points in this movie are: 1. The movie is kind of long that at some point you might feel that it's slow! But it pulls back the threads and events develop in a way that you enjoy! 2. The DVD has a poor mistake since the first side contains only 74 minutes of the movie and you have to flip the DVD to the other side to continue watching the film! And if you have mistakenly placed the DVD on side B you'll start watching the second half of the movie without warning which might spoil the movie for you! 3. With such a big budget and excellence, I wonder why would the director make a mistake in presenting a wrong Muslim prayer! If you notice, when Morgan Freeman reaches England with Kevin Costner he starts praying after he asks about the East direction. But he prays not as how Muslims pray, which I find a big mistake! The director should have studied the real performance of the prayer instead of presenting a fake simulation. Other than that this movie is a MUST see and is a great collection next to other great epics such as Gladiator, Brave Heart ...etc.
B00004Y6NT|4.0|Not as good as their Debut LP though. Although Angel ofMercy and Portobello Belle are as good as anything on the first one.
B00005BJ2O|5.0|They don't make movie musicals anymore, and that's a shame, so when Moulin Rouge came out I knew I had to see it and of course I loved it, I'm also now in love with Ewan McGregor. I had no idea either he or Nicole Kidman could sing so beautifully, and the songs in this film just crack me up, combining classic staples as &quot;We Could Be Heros&quot; and &quot;Love Lift Us Up Where We Belong&quot; was just magic. The only thing I wish was on the CD that isn't was the films rendition of Madonnas hit &quot;Like a Virgin&quot;, but I guess I'll just have to wait for the DVD for that one! :)
B00004Y6NP|4.0|Dire Straits Bigget selling album is actually one of the 5 biggest selling albums of all time. It isn't as good as some their earlier work. However, Title Track, So far Away, Ride Across the river are wonderful tracks, some of the others are humable too
B00005LKIM|1.0|What a HUGE disappointment. Jody definitely made the right decision by not appearing in this stinker. Huge plot holes abound in this flick that just try to be plugged by lots of inane violence and blood. &quot;Silence&quot; was great because of the suspense built into it and the ultimate ideal of good battling evil. The compromises and interaction that Clarice had to make in that movie by working w/Lecther in order to save Buffalo Bill's final victim kept you at the edge of your seat. The dialogue and interrelation between the two were taunt and well written - it very much deserved the Best Picture Oscar. Hannibal is at the other end of the scale. With a muddled and disjointed plot, it tries to get you to root for Lechter (an insane madman) while in a twisted way he goes out to avenge Clarice's dishonorment (?) by a corrupt Justice Dept official....yawn. The pigs were a ridiculous concept....simply added for the &quot;gross-out&quot; factor. And Hannibal/Clarice's escape from the &quot;pig pit&quot; is absurd, laughable, and totally unbelievable. and as for that end of the movie banquet &quot;climax&quot;.....Ugghhh is all I'll say. (if you cut someones scalp, there will be tons of blood due to the amount of capillaries in that area...the facct that there was NONE, but one small trickle made me focus on how fake everything was. Bad Bad Bad movie. Don't waste your time
B00000D9TK|5.0|C'Est CD Pour Toi! Coz it is le best work Mrs.Dion has released in french musique language!! Add thus cd to your collection cd.
B00003CXA2|4.0|One of the best pictures made in recent years on two discs and is loaded with extras. But come on Paramount: Where's the DTS audio for us theater-philes?
B000002BHE|5.0|I perchased this album on August 22,2001 and i when i listened to it i was thrilled i got it, i can see why this album won the grammy award=) It is the best album Celine has released, i have 3 more celine cd's and one more shipping to my house soon=) but FIY beats all my other album's. Some of my fav songs are, \\"Make You Happy\\",\\"I Love You\\",\\"Call The Man,\\"If That's What It Takes\\",\\"Dreamin' Of You,and,\\"Fly\\"... I have lots of favourites songs:) Celine Dion is the best singer. I have ben a huge Celine fan since i was 10 years old, and now i'm 13 years old=) I will be 14 January 9. Well for those of you who don't have this album yet please get this cd now. It is worth every penny!Buy the best cd! K? Cya!
B00004Z1MN|5.0|This wonderful movie is a real sleeper! I never heard of it before my sister saw it on cable and alerted me. It's just a quality story from start to finish. Good acting, good directing, fabulous 60's sets, intricate plot that left me on the edge of my seat for the last half of the movie! I think the plot was tight and without holes. One reviewer asked why the killer waited 30 years to make his move? Well, it was because he did not know that our protagonist knew of his crime until very shortly before the killer attempted to kill our boy. That's the nature, and the fun,of these \\"time\\" conundrums. I actually could not spot a hole in the plot that could not be explained by examining exactly what who knew when! Loved it and will watch it again.
B00005MAM2|4.0|The picture quality is great, the dub is average, I missed the old voices, they had more individual character. &quot;New&quot; translation doesn't make it any easier to understand, it just makes the lines awkward. If you need to understand it, try reading the manga. Nice extras although my RCA dvd player doesn't like the &quot;Capsule&quot; option and restarts the DVD everytime I tried to get the movie to continue.
B00003CXXJ|5.0|If you're looking for something a little less wholesome then Disney, but still well within the limits of 'Family values', then may I recommend Shrek. I have not had this much fun watching a movie in a long time. A fantastically fractured fairy tale that prods fun at every childhood story character and plot line that ever existed. No one is left unscathed, including Disney. There are a few major shameless blasts made at the mouse house enterprise but when it's all over, it's mostly harmless.  In fact, you may think it was done out of jealousy. Shrek is incredibly animated, with textures and motions that surpass the famed Toy Story series. Every year computer animation gets better and better and this movie uses it to the fullest extent. There is no better format for this movie either. The number and diversity of the characters is well played out and well displayed in computer generation. Standard animation would not have cut it in this movie. The story line is simple; a large imposing Ogre (voiced by Mike Myers in his perfected Scottish brogue) who only wants to be left alone in his swamp, is suddenly imposed upon by every fairy tale character as they are thrown out of the kingdom. They have nowhere else to go. Out of selfishness, Shrek goes to see Lord Farquaad and ends up striking a deal to rescue a princess in order to get his swamp back. Followed menacingly by a Donkey (Eddie Murphy, in his second and even funnier voiceover roll), Shrek ventures off to a dark Castle to rescue the Princess. Upon doing this, in a spectacular battle scene no less, the three head back to Farquaad. Along the way, Shrek finds more to the princess then he thought he ever would, strangely there is something of a soul mate in this beautiful fairy tale lady. Well played also by Cameron Diaz, she is not your typical royalty. She can very well take care of herself, fighting off bandits in Matrix style kung fu precision and keeping up with Shrek in a display of bodily functions. This all leadsup to a nice morality play ending that doesn't push the issue and lends to nice surprise as well. All the actors do a splendid job of voicing their characters. Everyone is alive and flowing. Murphy is especially hilarious, topping his performance as the mini-dragon in Mulan, mainly because he doesn't seem to have to hold back as much. The movie is so well paced that there are no lags, it flows right to the end. Funny, satirical, playful and beautifully animated, this movie holds all the right cards for entertainment. Even if you haven't seen it, I would recommend buying it.
B0000025RI|5.0|This album broke so many records, destroyed so many barriers and started so many trends that they could not be counted in 1,000 words. It set new standards in music and in music video. The songs are great and a few of them are classics now. \\"Billie Jean\\" is probably one of the greatest songs ever, and \\"Beat It\\" is also a great song with a sizzling guitar solo by Eddie Van Halen. \\"Thriller\\" is a song with a great beat and perfect lyrics which spawned the greatest music video of all time, a 15 minute epic in which Michael turns into a zombie and dances on the city streets. This album used to be the biggest-selling album of all time with about 47 million copies sold, but was recently beat by the \\"EAGLES-GREATEST HITS\\". Although this album is Michael's most popular and most well-known, his first solo album \\"OFF THE WALL\\" is better, but both of these albums are undeniable classics. To summarize this review, I would like to state that \\"THRILLER\\" is essential to any serious music collector, any Michael Jackson fan or anyone who likes awesome, high-quality music. So buy this album, sit back, and grab some popcorn, for you are inside of a killer thriller tonight! Look for Michael Jackson's all-new album \\"INVINCIBLE\\" to be released on October 30, 2001!
B00005JXY3|4.0|The first Karate Kid literally spoke to any kid who felt out of place and picked on. Strongly enough, it was a concept played out over and over again. But the evenhanded direction of Avildsen made it a triumph. So what do you do for a sequel? You get real. Not that the first one wasn't real. The threat to Daniels safety in the first movie was always there and fully realized. But take this student and mentor pair and send them to Okinawa, and you have a whole different ball game. The story centers more on Miagi and his journey home to see his dying father, and facing demons he left as a young man. Asian culture takes certain things much more seriously. Honor in this movie is a subject brought up constantly, and we see it from Daniels perspective; as an American who does not understand why these people do things they way they do in the name of honor. As Daniel comes to grips with this life code in the small village of Miagi's youth, he realizes that the bully who has targeted him this time does not hold back. He's ready to kill Daniel. He has no qualms about it either and feels it's justified. As Daniel swoons a beautiful Asian girl and finds he's getting in deeper with the affairs of Miagi's past, he holds his ground, and his good upbringing helps to hold his own honor in place. In the end, the climatic fight scene is what really makes the movie. The whole story builds up to that moment. The idea is that this fight is real, there is no competition, no points. This is not a tournament, this is not a spectacle. Daniel is fighting to stay alive. And it is more brutal then the rules laden tournament of the first movie. Morita and Maccio play off each other so well it's obvious these two have great chemistry. The teacher/student relationship is apparent from the first scene despite their polar opposite personalities. As in the first movie, each character gives the other what they are missing. Daniel gets a father figure/teacher, Miagi gets a son/student. This movie is just as good as the first in my opinion, just different. A different set of circumstances played similarly to the first one. It's as different as it can be while still holding the same values. I give it four stars only because of some very minor inconsistencies but overall, it is a very good film.
B00003CXSP|4.0|Hannibal was an excellent stand alone movie. It has been over ten years since I've seen The Silence of the Lambs, so I don't remember all of it's specifics. But Hannibal is chilling, and funny at the same time. It is almost a dark love story between the cannibal, Hannibal, and FBI Agent Clarice Starling. I would have liked to see the ending from the book, but this ending is pretty good also. Overall, it's a pretty good movie.
B000002AVF|4.0|Stuck-up Mariah released a truly great CD here.There are some fantastic songs that never made radio,like Forever and especially When I Saw You.When not screaming Mariah has a beautiful,slightly husky voice.This shows in Underneath the Stars,When I saw you and the beautiful Open Arms. Actually I would recommend this Cd as it is so nice and I now feel like hearing it.
6305609705|5.0|This film is very contraversial. without a doubt, Coppola's &quot;Apocalyse Now&quot; is a brilliant movie. the plot concerns Captain Willard's (Martin Sheen) journey upriver in Cambodia to terminate Col. Kurtz (Marlon Brando), an American officer who has gone crazy and become a local - and lethal - god amongst the natives. Willard travels in a small patrol boat, run by a hapless crew of spaced-out grunts. Along the way they encounter Col. Kilgore (Robert Duvall) whose love for the smell of napalm is matched only by his zest for surfing. In one of the more disturbing sequences, they come upon a raft, carrying innocent people. thinking they are the Viet Cong, the crews brutally mows them down without thinking. they find a Playboy Bunny which gets out of hand. The movie reaches its climax when the reach Kurtz's compound, and realize just how dangerous and mad he really is. This film is certainly a journey into hell. Coppola tells us about the madness of war. Don't miss it!
0786707283|5.0|'A kiss before dying' was written in the fifties, and apart from some very non-essential aspects it is not dated at all. The book is about a young college student from a poor family who wants to marry a rich girl and for that he is prepared to do practically everything. Until she meets the wrong person, who starts digging... There are some very ingenious turns in the book, so telling more about the story would only give it all away. I can only say Read it! It is definitely worth your time.
014100018X|3.0|There is something extremely sensuous and \\"devilishly\\" clever about this novel. Vianne in all her eccentricities really did help this small town recognise human spirit and feeling in her own way - with or without the help of the local Pastor. Chronologically written in procession with Lent, \\"Chocolat\\" explores above everything, testing ones limits. Likable, are Harris's vast array of characters, each bringing something special to the table so to speak. The childish grace of little Anouk, nutty Armande (clever eh?), the defiant Josephine and the sweet Charly. Author Joanne Harris also made me feel pretty good about being born a woman when Roux moved into town! The idea of a gypsy, Johnny Depp look-a-like appearing in town has got to be a secret fantasy of all females! In relation to it's screen conterpart starring Juliette Binoche, perhaps some of the magic could have considerately been left within the novel's pages (for example the delicious idea of Pantoufle the rabbit-...-kangaroo) and the ending, turned from mysterious to perhaps a little Hollywood happy-ending corny. But this wonderful culinary couldron is something to read at least once in a lifetime. If it wasn't setting me off on a light and breezy daydream, it was making me hungry - and I'm allergic to chocolate!
B00000G3PA|1.0|Yes, this movie is the worst film to date (next to men of honor). First of all, Armageddon is a movie about what would happen if MTV was hit by an astroid. Micheal Bay is also the worst Director teamed with the worst producer Jerry Bruckheimer to creat a movie so superficial and MTV flashy (very particular of their style of film making) that only the dull-minded really enjoy this movie. Several reasons why this movie was bad other than the forementioned people/ideas: 1: Wouldn't it be easier to train astronauts to drill vs. drillers to be astronauts? 2: The OVER-dramatic scene where the \\"drillers\\" are walking to the space shuttle cutting back (flashy, MTV style, mind you) to Liv Tyler and Billy Bob Thorton looking toward the sky each in a different pose behind an American flag ALL while an Aerosmith song is playing in the background... 'nuff said. 3: The bad dialogue and ... one-liners including stereotype comic-reliefs (or would that be relieves???) 4: a Michael Bay and Jerry Bruckheimer film. 5: Phantom's Ben Affleck (though awesome in Kevin Smith films). If you want Superfical, unrealistic, MTV, Aerosmith, One-liner after One-liner see: ...-a-geddon. If you want a realistic movie about cometary evolution (which armageddon is supposed to be about) see: Deep Impact. In Deep Impact: 1: Almost all the main characters die (unusal and original for a modern film) 2: viewed through the media which is the way we would really live through such an event. 3: the ASTRONAUTS drill the astroid, not some oil drillers. 4: A scientific approach to cometary evolution not an MTV one. 5: Morgan Freeman. 6: Steven Speilberg. 7: Not Micheal Bay and Jerry Bruckheimer. 8: I had a chance to think. Armageddon is a big Aerosmith music video.
0553266306|5.0|This is by far the best book I have ever read. If you have not read this book, read it! See the movie after you read the book.
B00005AXEL|5.0|Today, I read some of the reviews and was apalled by some of the comments. A few reviewers said that all the tracks sounded the same. Either they have taken a few too many luxuries from the Sorcerer or they need Beltone. EVERY TRACK HAS ITS OWN UNIQUE SOUND! And, since some of you are making me do this, I'll break down each song for y'all\\" 1. Trouble in Shangri-La- This song has a very powerful feeling to it. It's in your face and brings on its message front and center. Its about reaching someone's Shangri-La and realizing, once your there, that it isn't all its cracked up to be. This is a rock and roll song with a hint of pop with an amazing ending. This opening proves Stevie still has it. 2. Candlebright- This song has a mandolin and various Japanese instruments in it which gives it a very unique feeling. Since when has a song in recent memory features those kind of instruments? How can a song without those instruments sound like this?! 3. Sorcerer- Sorcerer is about a drug dealer. It starts off softly with good guitar work, starts to rock, goes back to soft guitar, and then finishes out with rock. 4. Planets of the Universe- This is one of the best tracks and is surely spacy. The original version was almost 7 minutes long and included the verse: \\"You will remember/but I will die a slow death/It's only an overture/to something that was best/And DON\\"T CONDESCEND ME!/Take your leave...\\" and it should have been left the way it was but Stevie felt that it was too bitter and tough. It is a unique little rock song and I loved it! 5. Everyday- Its good but Stevie didn't write it and you can tell. Its a gentle pop song and suits her voice extremely well. Its a good song to sing to yourself throughout the day! 6. Too Far From Texas- This is the last of the two songs Stevie didn't write. It is country twinged like Rose Garden and After the Glitter Fades and works surprisingly well. Stevie sounds great with Natalie Maines. 7. That Made Me Stronger- This is a great song and is about Stevies dinner with Tom Petty asking him to write some of her songs for a new album. This songs instruments give off a weird vibration and is what gives it a unique feel. 8. Its Only Love- Written by Sheryl Crow, this is a ballad and the only instrument is a guitar, like Landslide. Stevie vocals on this are superb. There is close to no background vocals and there is one instrument, therefor, Stevie's voice alone carries this. She hits the high notes and everything. 9. Love Changes- Very 80's but VERY GOOD. One of my favorites. 10. I Miss You- Great song. Its another ballad but with a very new feel to it. Another track with awesome vocals. 11. Bombay Sapphires- WHAT AN AWESOME SONG! I adore it! Good lyrics, cool beats and the Carribean rhythms suit Stevie well. For the people who complain and moan that you can't hear Macy Gray heres the reason: Their voices sound so alike that they blend into each other! 12. Fall From Grace- A true rock and roll song if I have ever heard one, especially in todays music. Everything in this song is perfect and is a great companion to Edge of Seventeen! 13. Love Is- Cool ballad, just a voice and a piano complimenting each other. I HATE TO BREAK IT TO 'YA, but the fact of the matter is, in the music of today, there are not many artists that we can turn to that produce quality music. Stevie Nicks is one of those artists that we can turn to ALWAYS make good music.<br />Stevie produces her own music, writes her own music, writes the lyrics, and, on top of that, we get to have the pleasure of hearing her BEAUTIFUL voice. This is the best CD to come out in ages! Truly worth paying $... bucks for and I would pay $... if I had to! PS: To the person that said Stevie was never a great songwriter, I don't even think you listened to the songs! Stevie is a legend, a powerhouse, and an artist :)
0440180295|4.0|A lot has already been written here about the merits of SH5 as an anti-war book, so I will focus on the two things that impressed me the most about this book. The first is that although it is clearly a serious and devastating topic (the bombing of Dresden), it is so infused with delicate humor that you can't help but smile. Vonnegut brings his characters to life using this humor so that Billy Pilgrim, Roland Weary and the rest of the cast become tangible real human beings. In war, humor is sometimes the only link to humanity - in this case, it is the lifeblood of the population of SH 5. The second thing that never fails to impress me is Vonnegut's way with the English language, his ability to wrap words around a piece of paper in such a way that no one else has thought about before. So simple, yet so beautifully done and so obviously a masterpiece. My favorite piece is when he describes a woman as &quot;a dull person, but a sensational invitation to make babies&quot;. What a Vonnegut way of saying &quot;knockout&quot;. The ideas expressed with make you think (especially for me, the one about America hating its poor people - being a rich nation filled with impoverished people who hate themselves and who are hated by the rest) and the intricate, amazing prose will stick with you.
B00005JK93|4.0|This is a really good film. The performances are right on - John Cameron Mitchell has tons of personality and great comic timing. The music is part Iggy Pop, part Rocky Horror, part Meatloaf... interesting and definitely catchy. My only quibble is that there are a lot of interesting side characters who don't get developed - the Yitzhak character and the whole rest of the band - there are teeny references to their story but my impression is that there was a lot of interesting stuff that got left out in the editing process. There are also lots of fun throwaway sight gags. Put me down for a pre-order on the DVD...
0812550706|5.0|This is an excellent science fiction book. It is the kind of book that really makes you think about things in life, especially towards the end. It makes you wonder, are the things we do really ethical, even if we might have a good reason behind them. But even if you don't want to read the book for the 'thinking', it's a great story, entertaining, and addicting. I couldn't put it down! A must-read for any science fiction reader, or even people who just like to read a good book!
B00004SCX6|4.0|Well, I am hated for my opinion of this CD, but I love it. While Britney is simply a manufactured bubblegum singer, and a manufactered teen sex symbol, this CD is plain fun to listen to. I love &quot;Oops...&quot;, &quot;Lucky,&quot; &quot;One Kiss from You,&quot; &quot;what you see,&quot; &quot;Stronger,&quot; and &quot;Can't make you Love me.&quot; I dislike Britney's much-talked about cover of &quot;Satisfaction,&quot; but that is the only sore spot for me. I love to sit and listen to this CD when I feel like smiling or just goofing around. Some people will dislike the strained vocals Britney delivers, as well as the many effects that are used on her voice. This is not a CD for people that love strong vocals ONLY. I'm a stickler for a great leading voice (Celine Dion, Bono, Pat Monahan of Train), but I still appreciate a good, catchy pop song. Bottom line: if you like feel-good pop music, you'll love this CD.
B00003CXTG|3.0|In a previous review I just smashed this movie, frankly it deserved it. But I was just too critical of this film, Michael Bay put a great deal effort into making this film, but the ture story of Pearl Harbor was lost in the love story that never should of been written.<br />Ben and Hart portray two of the four American poliets that made it up into the air and that day. Now it's okay to do a historical fiction base around two of those pilotes, but adding a love triangel was the biggest mistake in moive history. Also the techical accuritcy of this movie is waaay off. And adding the Dolittle raid was totally pointless.
B000002OX5|5.0|this is by far my favorite Who album. it rocks a lot, but has a great sense of humor to go along with it, and a killer concept. the best songs are, 'glittering girl,' 'melancholia,' 'armenia city in the sky,' and of course the classic, 'i can see for miles.'
0060987464|5.0|His book is long and goes into detail of what his child hood was like. If you are not a big fan of him, you are not going to like it. But if you are obsessed with him or think as him as one of your gods, then I strongly recommend this book. He explains the twisted childhood he had in a funny yet smart manner. In one instance he was forced by his neighbor to undress and play naked jail-mates. And in another instance he saw his own grandfather masturbate. If you are truly a fan, you already knew this with the song &quot;Kinderfield&quot; from the album &quot;Antichrist Superstar&quot;. He also makes several references to other famous people such as Anton LaVey, the Black Pope, and Ozzy Osbourne. He has several pictures in the book. That is what makes it so great. It is not just words and words without any graphic content. At the middle of the book, he has about 6 pages, back and front, all dedicated to show his beauty in color so the whole world could see. After this book, you will feel that you have known Manson like if he was your own brother, or sister. I, after reading this book, knew Manson left and right, up and down like the back of my hand. Just to let you know, his first album is Portrait of an American Family. The best song on that album is Lunchbox. The second album is Smells Like Children. And the best song is Sweet Dreams. The next album is the Antichrist Superstar and the best song is The Beautiful People. Then he disappointed millions of his fans, including myself with his not-so-best-work Mechanical Animals, what a shame. After that, I didnt feel he was the true god for me. So I discontinued keeping up with him. But his most recent album is Holy Wood. But all in all, this book is pretty great. If you love Manson, or even like him, you will surely like his book. Also, I strongly recommend his tour Dead To The World. It is worth the time and money. What else can I say? You will very much enjoy it, I guarantee it.
B000002H97|4.0|It seems there are basically two major types of opinions on this album. There's the ever-popular &quot;Beginning Of The End&quot; (no doubt taken from that famous line in the song Ride The Lightning) claims of old-school Metallica fans. And then there's the &quot;beginning of a new generation&quot; claims of new Metallica fans. While, my opinion stands more in the latter catagory, I'm going to say for the record that I think the later Load and ReLoad are better than Black Album. Read on to find out why.<BR> While the previous opinions stated are the two biggies with this album, there are also several others. One of which is that the Black Album was one of Metallica's best and yet Load/ReLoad were &quot;horrible sellouts.&quot; I see quite a few people with such an opinion here and I just don't understand why. Load and ReLoad are more musically advanced, feature better song writing, better lyrical writing, and a better singing voice than the Black Album. Perhaps many of these people were just never quite able to realize this because they couldn't get over how different Load and ReLoad were than earlier releases. Even more different than the Black Album, which (according to most) was &quot;The last album to contain even a hint of Metallica's original sound.&quot; As it is, the Black Album is still very good. Some of its better songs include Sad But True, Wherever I May Roam (love the riff), Of Wolf And Man (love the solo), The God That Failed, My Friend Of Misery, and The Struggle Within (the closest Metallica really gets to their thrash roots on this album). Unfortunately, however, the album as a whole just seems to lack the creativity of earlier releases. Even the later Load and ReLoad had their creative moments. Such as Bleeding Me, Outlaw Torn, Hero Of The Day, and Fixxxer. The Black Album, on the other hand, is quite a bit more routine. The closest Metallica really gets to an &quot;epic&quot; being My Friend Of Misery. Another major problem with this album is allits filler material. True, every Metallica album has its share of filler songs. But none have nearly as many as this one. Some examples include Holier Than Thou (basically a lyrical rewrite of Master Of Puppets' Leper Messiah), Through The Never (just a very anoying track overall), Nothing Else Matters (a very tepid and boring ballad IMO), Don't Tread On Me (has a good lyrical theme but boring instrumentation), and The Unforgiven. That's right, the Unforgiven. I personally found this song to have an annoying riff (sounding too forced), and an annoying solo (sounding like a 1970's Ted Nugent out take), making the song stand as one of the album's &quot;fillers&quot; for me. And then we get to James' singing voice, which (next to Kill'em All) is his worst of any Metallica album. He just sounds like he's trying too hard to sound all rough/hardcore. By contrast, on Metallica's later albums he sounds much more confident and self assured. It's a little sad that this album still has such strong sales figures and support from the masses. Especially since not even one year later, a better album was released by Megadeth entitled Countdown To Extinction. The musicianship, song writing, and atmosphere of that album easilly blow Metallica's self titled Black Album out of the water. Don't get me wrong. The Black Album is a fine Metallica album overall. It's just that with all Metallica's talent and the brilliance of other albums, it could have been so much better. Buy it, but don't expect a masterpiece.
B00000J7SS|5.0|IN reading a couple of the reviews for this one, I think people tend to read to much into this music. These were essentially formless jams. PArts of compositions, a phrase here a beat there, all put together by teo macero (miles' George MArtin). Though some of the music had been performed by some of the participants, some of it was just sketches, a vamp or riff jammed on at length. Many of the musicians had never worked with MIles and had no idea what to expect. What we get is the unexpected. Upon each hearing, new details come out of the mix. The music's lack of structure allows the players to throw anything out, take McLaughlin playing little single note blips here and there. This is just one detail out of millions on these(and other Miles 69-75) recordings. I found I was listening to Brian Eno and Miles' &quot;fusion&quot; work alot and was finding it was the way these two worked the surface of their music that interested me. The song was less important than the sound! You can get tired of a melody but there is always something new to here in this muisc. I was delighted to find out later that Eno was highly influenced by Miles' &quot;He Loved Him Madly&quot; (Get Up WIth It). It shows.
B00000I4XR|5.0|Jaws is a great horror movie because its true that sharks eat people.Its a movie that keeps me out of the water.know other shark movie comes close to this one trust me.Its about a sheriff who must stop a great white shark from eating all the swimmers in town.This movie is a great buy!
0140177396|4.0|I have to say this. I am not into this kind of stories. It was a good story though. But I am more into the Go Ask Alice, Beauty Queen, Naked Lunch stories. About drug users who become addicted and cannot get their life in control. But this is a good story. If you are looking for violence, or even pornographic details, this is not the book for you. You have to like to read to truly enjoy this book. It is an ok book. But if you truly dont like to read, I recommend you check out the movie. It is basicaly the same but without the reading. All in all, I say this is a good book, not my kind of book, but a good book indeed.
B00000BKE1|3.0|On the whole I rate this a pretty good album and if you pass through the shops and see it,it is certainly worth a buy.However,as I will be discussing-there are let down points in the album. One can summarise it as being an album with a mixture of having some of the best all time Maiden songs on it but at the same time there are songs that are a real let down.Clearly the best song on the album is the title track ,closely followed by Afraid to shoot strangers.There are other pretty good songs such as the fast beat &quot;Be Quick or be dead&quot;,the impressive &quot;From here to eternity&quot;,and another admirable song &quot;Childhoods End&quot;. Then there are the songs that dont come in the top catergory but are still worth a listen such as &quot;The Fugitive&quot;,&quot;Chains of misery&quot; and &quot;Judas be my guide&quot;. However,the other songs are generally crap to listen to if your a proper maiden fan.&quot;Wasting Love&quot; isnt too bad but I dislike &quot;Fear is the key&quot;,&quot;The Apparition&quot; and &quot;Weekend Warrior&quot;.
B000002H33|5.0|This is, to me anyways, Metallica's best CD. Undoubtedly. Now I know most people say their best is the Black Album, which I also think is a very good CD, but it's not trash metal anymore on that CD. However on MoP, Metallica has no problem proving why they are one of the best trash bands ever. The opening track &quot;Battery&quot; is probably one of Metallica's heaviest and best songs ever. Then comes the title track. Simply put, this song may be Metallica's best. It seamlessly intertwines heavy, headbanging riffs right in with a calm and soft interlude. And the two solos on this track show Kirk Hammett at his finest. The sheer speed of the second solo is simply amazing. The rest of the CD great too, as I don't have time to go through the rest of the tracks one by one. But trust me they are all good. If only Enter Sandman were on this CD...
0515123447|5.0|Picked the book up at the local library book sale. What a treat. Have been looking for someone as good as Stephen Hunter, well I have found him. Jack Reacher is all the things we look for in a macho action novel. Glad I started with the first one and will work forward with the rest. Again, a great book.
044022165X|4.0|This book is good, but not great. The main plot is how these lawyers go to a retirement home to do peoples wills and legal matters. This one lawyer gets these two clients, one whose son is dying of leukemia and her health insurance won't cover him, and she trys to sue. His other client is an old moman who's in charge of the retirement home. She rich, and she's trying to divide all her money in her will. This book is not a page turner, but I couldn't put it down. You should read this book.
B00005A0RI|5.0|The fact that I have this CD is a tribute to Amazon's cross referencing and suggestions. I picked up Andy Summer's Green Chimney's and somewhere along the way saw Nocturne as a recommendation. I liked Green Chimneys. It's a nice recording. I love Nocturne. I imagined there was jazz music like this, but my limited exposure hadn't led me to the right spot. I'm no technical expert, but I know I could listen to this all day long. Have since picked up Beyond The Missouri Sky (good, but not as good as Nocturne; and to be fair a different sort of recording) and the first Quartet West CD (just getting into it, but very good). My impression of Haden is that he is a romantic with a strong sense of place. While the Quartet West recordings seem to be anchored in film noir Los Angelas, this recording seems determined to evoke the Cuba that we get a glimpse of on the album cover. I kept thinking of the Mambo Kings Play Songs of Love as I listened, not for the style of music, but for the cultural milieu they both evoke. If you listen to the samples and like them, you will love this ambum.
B0000024SI|5.0|While it's true that &quot;serious&quot; Dylan fans are supposed to unanimously agree that Blood on the Tracks is his best album, I can't help but think that this supercedes it in some aspects. Dylan did a terrific job with this album, which starts off with &quot;Like a Rolling Stone&quot; and still manages not to go down from there. &quot;Tombstone Blues&quot;, &quot;Just Like Tom Thumb's Blues&quot;, and &quot;Queen Jane Approximately&quot; are all great songs, to say nothing of the massive masterpiece that is &quot;Desolation Row&quot;. &quot;Ballad of a Thin Man&quot; is also terrific, but it tends to take second fiddle after a while to the other songs. &quot;It Takes A Lot To Laugh, It Takes A Train To Cry&quot;, quite apart from having a great title, is a great song. Finally, the title track is what got me into Dylan, and I'm still not sick of it. &quot;Blood on the Tracks&quot; is a great album, but it's not a very good introduction to Dylan. &quot;Highway 61&quot; is a perfect introduction. Follow it up with &quot;Blonde on Blonde&quot; or &quot;John Wesley Harding&quot; and let the rest follow from there.
6305313687|5.0|I could not applaud this film more. What really make this movie are 2 people. First is Tony Kaye, you have done a breathtaking directing job in turning what potentially could've been a replay of all the racist movies over the past years into a film that I will never forget. Whenever something comes up on the news about Nazis, skinheads, African-American fights etc I'll remember this film. Second person and probably the person who deserves it most is Edward Norton. Edward, your performance has changed my life. I have never seen a male give what is such an effortlessly amazing and truly masterpiece of a performance. Were you really acting, Ed, or was Tony Kaye just following you around for a few years? Kudos also to script-writers, Edward Furlong, other supporting characters and good cinematography and design which flips from black-and-white to colour cleverly. This movie is totally violent, has a lot of coarse language and is extremely graphic about all its subjects. This is what they should really be teaching kids in school, all about what really happens in America. I don't live in America myself but I thought it gave a very apt description of skinheads who live there. Totally amazing stuff, American History X earns a place on my top 10 films of all time, making it not only the best movie of 1998 but the third best of the decade, following American Beauty (it is obviously good to have American as the first word for your film title - all the movies that start with the country are fantastic - American Beauty, this film, American Pie, American Psycho, so on and so on) and The Shawshank Redemption. Truly unforgettable cinema.
0440224764|3.0|This book is one of the worst books by John Grisham. The plot was pointless, a man they found who they thought were dead, the man, Patrick, getting tortured by this man wanting to know Patrick hid the billions he stole from his company. This book was uninteresting, the end was so bad I wished I had skipped the lat chapter. Sorry folks, but this book is dud by John Grisham.
B00003CXSP|2.0|The movie it's self is alright but what happened to the characters. I recommend watching it once but only once. It is untrue to both Hannibal and Clarice. That has nothing to do with the actors; it is what they were given to work with. I love Silence of the Lambs, especially Lecter's character in it, and watching Hannibal it didn't seem like the same guy.(If you have seen this and like it, the DVD is good and has a very nice making of feature.)
B00005LMBK|5.0|Gorillaz is agreat cd! I listen to it all of the time- there is only one song that could be worked on- number 4(?!?!?)- well, the one that they just sing &quot;gravity&quot; to through the entire song. Also, if you didn't find it already, on track 17 (left hand suzuki method) around 5:30, you can get a remix to Clint eastwood! It's probably my favorite song on there! well, have a great day all! I love this cd!
0790749998|2.0|Jet Li is as charismatic as ever, but the only other actor with any presence at all is Delroy Lindo. The story tries to mix in a football ownership angle which comes off as simply silly. Very innovative shots of the interior of a person's body as a devastating blow hits are neat, but serve no real purpose. Without Jet Li, this film wouldn't be worth anyone's time. ... .
0897500482|1.0|1 The book is poorly illustrated, badly organized and full of especially foolish ideas when it comes to self defense and fighting in general. 2 Lee says traditional martial arts are too restricting, yet what he suggests instead, &quot;Jeet Kune Do,&quot; is even more restricting than most traditional martial arts. 3 He discounts all the credentials of all of the past martial arts instructors, ignoring all of their accomplishments, skills, and fighters. He essentially is saying &quot;I am smarter than all of the other martial artists ever born put together.&quot; 4 His material is not new but borrowed from modern boxing, French kickboxing, and Wing Chun. Ironically, any 3 of these arts are a superior form of hand to hand fighting to Bruce's &quot;Jeet Kune Do.&quot; 5 The problem with using Wing Chun as an example of a traditional Chinese martial art is that Wing Chun was designed to have a very fast learning curve and has only 3 forms. Most kung fu systems have at least a dozen forms offering an extremely wide variety of grappling, striking, defense and weapon techniques. 6 Bruce Lee's grasp of modern boxing is clearly inaccurate. He depicts all boxers as fighting left handed, with their right foot forward. It's common knowledge that most boxers are right handed and lead with their left foot. He is clearly misrepresenting the art of boxing. It follows then that much else of what he discusses is most likely intentionally misrepresented. 7 Bruce Lee's credentials are? He was in some movies and charged outrageous rates (not something to look for in a source of martial arts instruction.) Claims have been made about how he was the world's greatest fighter, but there's literally no evidence to support this. Even his own accounts of his &quot;fights&quot; differ greatly, and neutral outside witnesses often state that he was not victorious in his various private matches. Bruce Lee was in no position to call himself a martial arts master, least bit in a position to offer themartial arts world a new way of thinking. His new way of thinking? He suggests that you open your mind to his views when he himself was not willing to open his mind to even the most simple orthodox fighting standards.
B000003B6J|4.0|It's worth buying this cd for the first three tracks , as they remain three of the most incendiary and explosive tracks ever recorded in rap , or any other musical genre for that matter . The rest of the tracks on this &quot; notorious &quot; gangsta album are hardly essential listening , but the classic trilogy that kicks it off demand to be heard !
B000002UUH|5.0|He was a genius. He was a role model. And he was an artist. With the exception of good taste in women, John had everything, including a wonderful sense of creation for music. And this is the best collection you can get. I only have one complaint with it and it's too technical a thing to get picky about: these songs are all more or less in chronological order, so what's &quot;Cold Turkey&quot;, an earleir hit, doing all the way at the end? Seems to me it should switch places with &quot;Imagine&quot; which is also an earlier hit but tends to be more associated with John's death. But, that aside, I can't deny that this is one of the albums I've had out the most since I've gotten it. If you put Wings, the Bang-la-desh stuff, and Ringo's stardom aside, then John was definitely the most successful ex-Beatle and to that all music of today owes a debt. May he rest in peace.
B0000027F8|5.0|I bought this album when I was in high school and spent an entire year listening to it. I recently discovered it again and am thrilled that I still enjoy his songs as much as I did 10 years ago. It really is great album, one of the best I've ever listened to.
B000053V7Q|4.0|I am a fan of Elvis' 1970 classic white jumpsuit period and was delighted to see the 30th anniversary video with new footage. When I learned of its release in early 2001, I was hoping there would be more footage of Elvis' September 1970 Phoenix Coliseum show (the brief bit that opened the original movie and seemed to be the most excitement of an alread exciting movie), but was dissapointed that the entire credit sequence was redone. Not to worry, the new scenes at Culver City (July '70) and at the International Hotel (August '70) are fascinating. Basically the entire movie has been redone on new angles of filming. All the interviews with the fans are gone so the action onstage is left uninterrupted. But as with the original movie, I wish the Phoenix footage received more attention. Oh well.
0375703861|2.0|After much critical acclaim, I could not wait to immerse myself in a book that touted &quot;great story-telling&quot;. The introduction held much promise, but, produced a book that was impossible to finish. Multiculturalism, is a much touted phrase these days and I feel that Zadie Smith bit off more than she could chew with &quot;White Teeth&quot; and took advantage of a trend. Bored to tears, confused and could not wait to unload this novel on a unsuspecting reader.
B000007T1M|1.0|I made the mistake of buying this album based on what I heard on the radio and the reviews on this site. This band's music is nothing new or original, and the singer sounds like he is attempting to sing while having his privates crushed in a vise. I couldn't even make it through one listen. Stay away.
B00005LC1H|5.0|Fawlty Towers is without doubt the best British farce ever. Nothing comes close for the oddest of situations (moving a corpse from room to room, hiding rats from health inspectors) and it is the most quotable comedy of all time. John Cleese is a genius as the manic hotel proprietor, Basil Fawlty, here he mixes ascerbic delivery with Ministry of Silly Walks style body comedy. The three disc set (4 episodes on each) has commentaries and instant access to your fave episode. WOW! Never has the repeat function on your player been put to more use. Wonderful. Sell the tapes, BUY NOW!
B000003KCU|3.0|Just recently, I was forced to see the original Paramount tape in shop class for the first 2 days of school. Considering my addiction to computers, you'd think a guy like me would get the technological lingo. I did, but the tape was played too many years late for anyone else to (even then, they wouldn't get it). Considering his successes today, I'm thinking &quot;Ethan Hawke was in this?&quot; The plot's pretty shallow, even for sci-fi, which makes it the more accessible. It's about 3 junior high kids, 2 normal, 1 nerd, you have to have at least one. As far as I remember, the computer kid renders up this giant orb and after a considerable amount of time, they build a spaceship out of a Tilt-A-Whirl car, with an Apple computer as the controller of the orb that would make the car move (remember, all the macintosh and windows weren't even mainstays yet). They eventually go to this ship, which I didn't really pay attention to, because I had been sent to another room (with a TV, because the school had a closed-circuit network, but I sat at a far corner anyway, actually enjoying myself.) for expressing my disgust with this movie. A lot of it had to deal with this alien who emulated a TV set or whatever. The various references to the one, the only, Groucho Marx (very funny guy, too bad he's long gone) when he hosted You Bet Your Life, and the Beverly Hillbillies probably went over every kid's head except mine, being a good pop-culture buff. Industrial, Light, and Magic did a great job with the 3D shots, considering it was the best they could do. It's very similar to Tron (which I only saw bits of). Don't waste your money on the tape, you'll find on the Disney channel once in a while, with more footage than the tape, I bet.
B000003RCY|5.0|Loud, explosive, thrashing and yet also at the same time keeping a rhythmic emotional pace, Rammstein have to be one of the leading bands out there, even if they are hardly noticed by most music listeners. The fact that they are in control of themselves, are 100% original and their music actually contains lyrical sense. (Despite the fact that many people complain the lyrics are too simple, but hey so are most songs in english) Although all of their cds are brilliant, Herzeleid is probably their most grinding and thundering. The combination of explosive guitars, pounding drums and Teutonic lyrics gives off an errie and awesome effect, with an almost militaristic feel.Herzeleid opens with 'Wolt Ihr Das Bett In Flammen Sehen?' with rocking guitar riffs and the lead singer growling away in German, giving a great introduction to their music. Other notable songs are 'Weisse Fleisch', 'Du Riescht So Gut' and 'Hierate Mich' (Which a ghostly sound and double tap of the drums) 'Seemann' is another great song, which contridicts the rest, being a slow, calming song which shows that the lead singer can use his vocals to sing rather than just growl and shout. This is definately a CD to purchase. While most American bands or artists such as Limp Bizkit, Eminem, Linkin Park etc try to pull off a hard macho image, it is seen as all an act when compared to Rammstein. If you are wanting true hard music by artists who arent little American boys bouncing around on stage, then I think you would be better off with fully grown, muscle bound Germans who actually sing about real themes.
B000050XEI|5.0|I have heard all of Enya's CDs, and this one is definitely one of my favorites. Although &quot;Only Time&quot; has gotten a lot of publicity, the other songs on the CD are just as great. Listen to the samples and if you like them, then buy the CD - you won't be disappointed.
078401115X|5.0|This film starts slow and builds momentum like a 747 during take off. Filmed in 1987, it was beyond its time. I saw it in a theatre, and I remember being riveted, I purchased the DVD and it was just as scary and disturbing 14 years later. It is included in my all time Top 10 list. Mickey Rourke carries the viewer along on his journey and hold your sympathy throughout. Lisa Bonet puts forth one of the most sensuous film performances of all time. However, I felt the featurette was somewhat limited. More interviews with the primary actors would have been appreciated.
B00003CXSP|2.0|I have loved Thomas Harris ever since he put out his first book. I thought the book _Hannibal_ was extreamly well written, flowed well, and the characters were engaging. After having seen what was done with _The Silence of the Lambs_ when it was put to film, I had very high hopes for _Hannibal_ the movie. And, I was looking forward to watching Anthony Hopkins reprise his award-winning role. I was so disappointed with the film that I almost walked out of the theater. The screen writers butchered the story and the characters. They left major characters out. They changed the personality traits of Clarice, one of the most important charaters in the film. They even changed some of the traits of Hannibal himself. The visual effects were not up to par with _The Silence of the Lambs_, nor was the story. Also, not enough of the story was explained through the movie. Not enough background information was given for people who had not read the book to follow the story or characters.<br />Anthony Hopkins, himself, acted beautifully, but he was carrying the whole movie. I felt bad to see him struggle to do so well in a movie that floped from the beginning. He deserved better. If you read the book, I do not believe that you will enjoy the move. Too much has changed. If you have not read the book, you will be too lost to understand what is happening. I do not reccommend this movie to anyone, except maybe to die-hard Anthony Hopkins fans.
0792844882|5.0|There is only one word to sum up this gem of a film thats &quot;wow&quot;! Paul verhnhoven does what i feel no other director has not, he has made ever little bit of his movie (in my opinion) Realistic and respectable. The plot summary is Nomi(played by the sexy Elizabeth berkley) hitches a ride to become a dancer. After she runs into some unexpected problems she settels in with a friendly innocent women name Molly(Played my Gina Raviera). Molly works at a show called goddes there nomi gets into it with the star Cristle(Gina gershen). Cristle seems to have a attraction to nomi and follows her all the way to a job and gets her a stint as a Showgirl. Here the plot unraveals. Someone get brutally raped, someone gets pushed down a flight of stairs and someone gets there butt seriosly kicked. It is all seen through Nomi's eyes. All in all paul verhnhoven and Joe eszterhas cleverally blend drama with exoticism. The film is a emotional rollercoater and at the end you will find yourself cheering for nomi! All in all this is a film about discovering yourself and finding your roots as a person and being proud, it also teaches some good qualities about friendshp referring to Nomi/Molly! It is truely a amazing piece of work! Also starring-Kyle machlaclin p.s-The reason I think it was so critically trashed, is because the critics did not understand the film and what it is all about! Also please no one compare this gem to striptease, cause it is NOTHING like it. Rated NC-17(DVD FORMAT)
0790744473|5.0|I have seen this movie many times, and it's still one of my favorites. &quot;Brigadoon&quot; is a beauiful story, and has some wonderful songs and dances. I would give this film ten stars if I could. Buy it and you wont be disappointed.
6303148352|5.0|Jurassic Park is thrilling, believable, and well told. A rarity in action movies like this. Since this movie is based on Michael Crichton's bestselling novel, the script, story, and characters are excellent. Sam Neill brought Jurassic Park to life, he was superb! Jeff Goldblum was perfect for the role of Ian Malcolm and brought subtle humor to the screen, which I loved. Laura Dern rocked, this is defintely her best performance yet! The dinosaurs and sets are breathtaking and it's almost scary how real they look! Steven Spielberg did an excellent job at directing Jurassic Park, he deserves an Oscar! Jurassic park is amazing and intriguing, a must see.
B00003CXSP|2.0|Shame on Anthony Hopkins. Shame on Ridley Scott. But most of all, shame on Thomas Harris and anyone who bought into the incredibly cynical hack job of a sequel that &quot;Hannibal&quot; is. As with the book (it isn't anywhere good enough to be called a &quot;novel&quot;), there seem to be people so credulous as to think that because Harris took ever-so-long to produce this mess, and because he essentially provides a stinging slap in the face to both those who expected a more &quot;standard&quot; (read &quot;predictable&quot;) sequel and those who have higher expectations from an author who has proven that he *can* write well this MUST be good stuff. Well, it simply is NOT. The good news about the movie is that we are spared the grotesqueries of the steroid-buffed lesbian bodyguard and pet eel, the endless ruminations on carbon-steel knives, and the incongrouous flashbacks of Hannibal's sad childhood. What we DO get is Anthony Hopkins mugging shamelessly and chewing all scenery in sight in the most exhibitionist performance I've seen since Laurence Olivier's intentionally ham-bone theatrics in &quot;Sleuth&quot;. Once upon a time, Lecter was supposed to be a doctor of near super-human intelligence, immensely resourceful and yet with the ability to charm, even seduce, the unwary. Here, he is more or less a stock &quot;slasher&quot; character, spouting &quot;okey dokey&quot; like a lame tag line a la Freddy Kreuger. Not a flicker of intelligence. It's a good thing his advesaries are even more moronic - everyone stands still while Hopkins bumps them off. Jullianne Moore's Starling is passable, but it is a credit to Jodie Foster's intelligence and integrity that she gave a pass to this slop. The ending. Well, it was a given that the book's ending wouldn't DO in Hollywood (not that it was any good, mind you), but it was *Lecter's* brain that must have fallen out, since he leaves Starling every device needed to secure her freedom and summon assistance. A 5-year-old could do as well. In short, the most obvious &quot;make a buck&quot; flick of the decade (&quot;Phantom Menace&quot; aside - that's a whole category unto itself....). I've seen better movies on MST3K. And as they would have said...... IT STINKS.o as well. In short, the most obvious &quot;make a buck&quot; flick of the decade (&quot;Phantom Menace&quot; aside - that's a whole category unto itself....). I've seen better movies on MST3K. And as they would have said...... IT STINKS.
B00003CXSP|5.0|First off, let me say that I was fortunate enough to watch this masterpiece for the first time on DVD. I waited for months for this movie to come out on DVD so that I could rent it. I was the first person to rent it from the video store and I brought it back the next day to buy it. The bonus material is amazing. I stayed up until 2am just watching it all.I am in love with this movie. It has broken a new ground for horror/thriller films. This unlike Silence, was absolutely beautiful. The setting has a romantic quality that draws you in. Dr. Lector is so civilized that you almost excuse the killings. In this movie, I feel that Dr. Lector is a part of Clarice. There is obvisiously more to this movie than meets the eye and I pray that the story of Dr. Lector and Clarice does not end here.
0743216458|5.0|Despite what the Amazon armchair critics would have you believe, this book is really a fantastic effort to document the experiences of what was an elite Army unit in World War II Europe. I read this book only a few weeks before meeting a veteran from Easy Company, Sgt. Amos &quot;Buck&quot; Taylor, and I came away from that meeting confident that Ambrose was, in fact right on the money, and those who argue otherwise need to talk to someone who was there for their comeuppance. Few of us can conceive of, let alone would pass, the training that went into these soldiers before they left the States for England. Described in detail, it gives you that much more appreciation for what the men really did. Taylor's memories echo strongly all I read about Tocoa and Capt. Sobel. When the unit finally deployed in support of D-Day operations, their training gave them an enormous edge. Taylor's own experiences were not unique, but it wasn't long before the whole unit accomplished their goal and waited for the next time they would be needed. A strong theme throughout the book was the bond formed among the men of Easy, which I saw much in evidence that night. Mrs. Taylor also is a part of the reunions, and still marvels at what her husband did. The unfortunate fact is that Buck has never told her a lot of things, and has blocked many out- the book and conversation Buck had with us was the first introduction she had to many of the things her husband saw in war-torn Europe. Ambrose's diligent research is accurate, well-written and truthful. Ignore what those who don't know have to say- I've heard it from one who was there- Band of Brothers is a true story, and hard to put down, much like the men of Easy so long ago.
B00003CXPD|3.0|This film was enormously popular in England. It is a young boy rising up against the elements set against the background of the miners strike type film. Our intrepid hero is a young working class lad who's dad sets aside small amounts of dole money so that he can learn to box and look after himself. Instead of boxing out lad is drawn to the other side of the hall where some girls are practicing ballet. He heads over and starts to take lessons. He knows that his dad will not approve so that he tells no one. The young lad has a bit of a talent and impresses his teacher Julie Walters from Educating Rita. Julie is trapped in a loveless and pointless marriage to someone who is overweight and is attracted to our young hero as one aspect of beauty in an otherwise messy life. Our hero's father finds out from his boxing teacher that his son has been hovering on the dark side and there is a confrontation. In the end the dads love wins out against his prejudices of what a man should do. The climax is set in a strange ... version of Swan Lake in which the various swan parts are played by male dancers. Our hero has been able to escape the dead end of working class life and move into the tertiary sector. The film is sort of okay but I found it hard to get into. I preferred the similar but less artificial Bootmen. Still that just may be nationalism. Despite my prejudices the film is well crafted original and was much loved.
6301963717|5.0|Deviating from their usual comedic stints of hilarity, the Coens go back to their dark roots from their first film (Blood Simple), and take mob, murder, and mayhem a few steps further in 1990's Miller's Crossing. Tom (a dashing and coolly intense Gabriel Byrne)a mobster lietenent, always has a smarter, better idea for things. Sadly, on one hand, these ideas seem to backfire on him, making him look like a renegade fool, but in dark, bizarre twists, things seem to work out even better for him, finally proving him right in the eyes of all. I'll stop there as further information would ruin the magical unfolding of this thrilling, dark ride. Just believe this &quot;reversal of fortune&quot; story is worth seeing the frustrating demise Tom initially undergoes. The usual suspects of many a Coen film are all here: Frances McDormand, Steve Buscemi, and John Turturro. New to the company include a very potent Albert Finney and recent Oscar winner Marcia Gay Harden. Besides the cast, the Coens' rely on the craftspeople of many of their other works to solidify their amazing visuals and production values. If you are a normal Coen viewer, you may be thrown by the switch in genre. No, this is not a comedy, but it has its charming, ironical moments. If, however, you want to find out how a noir would be done with their brand of flavor, see this classic &quot;lost&quot; work from their oeuvre.
B00005KB9W|5.0|Reggae music is strange as it moves beyond the discussions of adolescent love, which is the meat and potatoes of most pop music, and deals with the issues of a society that is very much on the edge. Marley at times writes songs that are incomprehensible to those who have no knowledge of his rastafarian ideas. At other times he writes songs of such beauty or energy one catches ones breath. This live CD is remarkable as it is one of those rare recordings that are superior to a studio performance because of their vigor and immediacy. Each of the tracks is in its own way remarkable. Burning and looting a picture of societal breakdown, No woman no cry a nostalgic look at Marleys background of poverty. This CD is a remastering of the original release. It contains a bonus track Kinky Reggae and the overall quality of the sound is excellent.
B0000028W9|5.0|Every music collection needs a CD to play when the party's over and all the guests have gone, except for the one person you had hoped might stick around. This is that CD. Open a bottle of good red and enjoy the lateness of the hour.
B00003CXB2|5.0|Lawrence of Arabia was probably a person who fabricated most of his legend. Or at least this is what Aldington in a rather nasty biography would have us believe. Lawrence according to his own legend is meant to have helped he Arabs revolt against the Turks during the First World War, and thus lessen their ability to resist the British armies which moved up from Egypt to Syria. Aldington suggests that the Arabs did not become much involved in any military activity whatever and that what Lawrence wrote in his book the Seven Pillars of Wisdom was a lot of tall tales. Despite all of this the film although being a bit of pro Lawrence propaganda is one of the most brilliant visual spectaculars of all time. This was achieved long before the days of computer animation and without the use of models or any other tricks of the directors trade. It is best on the big screen with high quality speakers playing its remarkable sound track. The performances made the careers of the principle actors Peter O'Toole and Omar Shariff. Despite the fact that it is a very long film watching it one never has a moment of boredom and the time simply flies.
B00005JIZA|5.0|I found this cd by accident: while I was on a cruise a friend let me borrow his copy. I was instantly a fan. The music is clever, well written, and engaging without being &quot;overly pop&quot;. Room For Squares is the cure to Boy Band-itis and a beautiful blues-influenced collection of songs that will touch your heart. Final note: So far I have purchased 6 copies of the cd for firends and everyone has said the same thing: Thank you, thank you VERY much. If you buy this cd, you will say the same thing.
B000023VR6|5.0|Straight thug rap. Awesome beats(obviously), great radio tracks, and almost every track is excellent. One of the better CD's to come out recently.
0802130208|5.0|Have you ever found a book that you re-read every few years and see in a new light each time? This is one of those books. O'Toole shows an almost Einsteinian genius for seeing the same people, things and events quite differently through the eyes of his different characters. To Jones, Ignatius is &quot;that green-cap, fat mother.&quot; To Mrs. Levy, he's &quot;the young idealist.&quot; To patrolman Mancuso, he's &quot;a suspicious character.&quot; To Lana Lee, he's &quot;a threat to her investment.&quot; To the aspiring exotic dancer Darlene, he's &quot;the big crazyman.&quot; To his long suffering mother, he's the perfect son (for a while, anyway). To sweet Santa Battaglia, he's &quot;that Ignatius.&quot; To himself, of course, he's the last word on &quot;decency and geometry.&quot; What O'Toole pulls off, amazingly, is to present each view in a convincing, believable way. (Given the plain craziness of this book, that in itself is an accomplishment.) The comedy, absurdity and sheer lunacy of the scenes, events and dialogue in this book are brilliant: Ignatius' letter to Abelman's Dry Goods (&quot;Mr. I. Abelman, Mongoloid, Esq...If you molest us again, sir...Yours in Anger...&quot;); Jones' running commentary (&quot;Hey!...Whoa!...Oo-wee&quot;); Darlene's careful practice for her big opening night (&quot;There sure was plenty balls at that ball...&quot;); Ignatius' take on the nude photo of Darlene reading Boethius (&quot;Some destitute woman intellectual was doing anything for a dollar.&quot;); Santa's compassion and way with words (&quot;Get the hell away from that stove Charmaine and go play on the banquette before I bust you right in the mouth...Lord,them kids is sweet...Charmaine! Get the hell outside and go play on your bike before I come slap your face off.&quot;) There is so much here. Despite the obvious comedy, there is a serious side here, too, that's hard to put your finger on. Walker Percy's Foreward says of the book, &quot;It is also sad. One never quite knows where the sadness comes from....&quot; True enough. I'm hardly the first to say you will either love it or hate it. In any event, simply the number of reviews here tells you it's no ordinary work.
B00005AQE8|5.0|An absolute classic from the legendary 2PAC. One of the truly outstanding rap albums ever released. As a latecomer to the rap scene, I wondered if this CD was worth buying after seeing how many tracks were on his greatest hits album. Not only does it have a lot of his biggest hits, it also has some lesser known tracks. One of my favorite 2PAC songs is U Can't C ME, which is the ideal old school rap song. Even if you have all of his other albums, you're really missing something if you don't own this album.
B000035P7X|5.0|Sure, the young Bob Dylan is a snot-nosed kid in this video. He's rude. He's aloof. He tries to start a fight with a drunk guy at a party. But it's a must for any Dylanologist! I feel differently about Dylan now that I've seen it. He wasn't perfect. Nobody is. But I'm glad I did see it. If you're not sure about it, rent it first. For some people, one viewing may be enough.
B00003CXSP|3.0|If you thought Silence of the Lambs was gory, well you haven't seen anything until you've seen Hannibal. This has some of the sickest scenes I have ever seen. The dinner scene is especially stomach turning. Their are some fine performances in the film, great locations and Ridley Scott's direction is very good. However if Hannibal wasn't so gross and graphic it could of been great. I mean just how many times do we have to see closeups of the distorted Gary Oldman's face ?
B000001F75|5.0|Most everybody remembers Thin Lizzy as a first-rate hard-rock arena band (not in the US, however, where they usually opened bills), and indeed the runaway success of &quot;The Boys Are Back In Town&quot; pointed them in the direction of metal for the whole second half of their career, culminating in THUNDER &amp; LIGHTNING, their swan song as well as their heaviest-ever recording. Few people, however, are aware of how eclectic a band Lizzy were in their early period, as a trio with the sadly-neglected Eric Bell on guitar. Although roughnready hard rock was always part of the Lizzy menu, the first three albums (on Deram) are notable for the many beautiful and touching ballads, to say nothing of the idiosyncratic Celtic folk-blues that was the true core of Phil Lynotts songwriting gift. These Deram albums, all remastered for CD with bonus tracks, offer more than a look at a great bands larval stages - they stand on their own as documents of Lynott &amp; Lizzy at their most creative and audacious. VAGABOND is their overall third, recorded at that juncture when their musicianship had caught up with their sky-high confidence, resulting in razor-sharp &amp; compelling stormers like Gonna Creep Up On You and the unforgettable title track, but even better are the calmer moments: the heartbreaking timeless beauty of Little Girl in Bloom and Song for While Im Away, the gently striding Slow Blues and Randolphs Tango and the emotional power and simplicity of Whiskey In The Jar and Hero and the Madman. (I was pleased to see Metallica covering Whiskey until it dawned on me that now and forever it will probably be thought a Metallica song!) Nick Taubers production skillfuly adapts to whichever stylistic hat the band is wearing on a particular track; the happy result is one of 70s rock's least-known great albums. From here came the departure of Bell, the addition of the twin guitars of Scott Gorham &amp; Brian Robertson, the move to a major label and eventualinternational success. And well-deserved, too: those major-label albums were terrific. But, without Eric around, they seldom soared quite this high again.
158234082X|4.0|For those of us who have a social life that hinges on restaurants (rather than bars, or clubs, or the couch) this is a sigh of relief. The level of pomposity around restaurants is becoming annoying (esp. if you eat in LA, NY or London) and this shows us that the swinging doors at the back of the room are actually the gates to Hades....it also seems that is where the fun is in restaurants. Something to think about while you're being bored by another story about some acquaintance' food knowledge.
B000008H1W|5.0|My God, my God. &quot;One White Duck&quot;. &quot;Cold Wind To Valhalla&quot;. &quot;Baker Street Muse&quot;. &quot;Black Satin Dancer&quot;. All this, AND the colossal title track, on one skinny li'l cd. Quick, go buy this. Hurry up; I'll hold your seat while you're gone.
B00004Z459|4.0|i always liked those detailed reviews in which every song is disected and rated.well this one doesn't need this.keep in mind only that the famous and over-hyped &quot; crawling &quot; is pretty weak compared to &quot;papercut&quot; or &quot;a place for my head&quot;.i sure hope they don't blow it on the next one like so may do these days.or even sell out.i don't know how anyone can mistake them for bizkit ,unless they're a bizkit head
B000001Y9I|5.0|The problem with dinosaur bands whove reformed/reunited in the 90s is they get locked into Play The Hits Syndrome, endlessly cranking out their 70s repertoire to audiences who seemingly want to hear nothing but. Though they all go through the motions of recording new material, its understood that any and all new releases are little more than excuses for still another nostalgia tour and set lists that seemed tired 20 years ago. Its therefore sadly ironic that Deep Purple fit that description so well, since a number of their post-reunion albums are as good or superior to their original wax of 68-74...not that you'd know it from their live show. The two studio cds theyve issued since replacing guitar god Ritchie Blackmore with Steve Morse are their best in a long, long time (Abandon is the other one). Not in impact or influence - this isnt 1972 anymore - but in terms of composition, chops, confidence and, dare I say it, maturity. These guys dont pretend to be in their twenties or even their thirties: theyve largely put their banshee-wail proto-metal in cold storage, and the music is all the stronger and more satisfying for it. (They still know how to crank, but theyre canny enough to pick their spots now.) PURPENDICULAR is state-of-the-art hard rock with plenty of progressive/fusion flourishes, with every track the work of inspired, still-vigorous veterans at or very near the height of their power. This is as MUSICAL an album as they've ever made: tunes like A Touch Away, Sometimes I Feel Like Screaming, The Aviator &amp; Purpendicular Waltz pulse with consummate musicianship, melodic song structure &amp; straightforward-and-yet-crafty arrangements - and opener 'Ted The Mechanic' kicks down the barn door in fine fashion to boot. Morses rhythm work and soloing do NOT ape Blackmores style, thankfully - as great a player as Ritchie is, you dont bring in a Steve Morse to simply fill a slot. He continues to be a player who has no qualms about sacrificing a little shred for the sake of nuance, much like Jon Lord &amp; Ian Paice, who turn in exemplary performances. And Ian Gillan - one of rocks finest-ever voices &amp; lyricists - sounds wonderful. Hes adapted his talents to the limitations that 30 years of shrieking have imposed on his throat, and as a result he SINGS with real strength and feeling on this disc. Its too bad that post-reunion Purple albums are hardly given a second thought by the public at large, because this one, like Abandon after it, is a gem demanding reappraisal.
0767802659|5.0|First,i would highly reccomend refraining from searching for some preposterous deeper meaning in this film.Even if the director was attempting some sort of social commentary,because of the characterizations and brilliant FX,it cannot be taken seriously.Calm down people,some of you know how to overanalyze an highly entertaining film to death.This is a landmark film in pure visceral thrills,it does what few films do,it tittilates,thrills,and excites the senses each and everytime you watch it(On DVD with a DD/DTS receiver and powerful subwoofer).A capable sound system is a must to fully enjoy this DVD.The sound of the marauding soldier bugs assault on our young infantrymen/women will envelope your room,and send chills down your spine.And the first descent of the dropship on Klandathu(the source of the bug meteorite)is one of the best ever filmed.I don't want to hear that because this movie entertains me,i like it for all the wrong reasons.The way i feel about this movie does'nt mean i'm violent,or a nazi,or some hippocritical patriotic warmonger.I just take it for what it is,one of the best SCi -Fi films i have ever experienced,it never gets boring.The whole cast is likable,and i would beg to differ with most reviews,they are sympathetic and likable.These are young,attractive,ambitious men and women looking to find some sense of purpose.They are motivated by a sense of Honor,Responsibility,and Courage.And the message about citizenship is realistic.If you don't contribute,you can't participate.What a novel idea,it's how all occupations and societies work,for the most part.Don't take this film so seriously,sit back,enjoy,and let yourself be wisked away to another time,another place.One last thing,the dvd is loaded with entertaining extras,and the image and sound quality are amazing.
B000002P5R|5.0|FIRST RAYS is part of the Hendrix familys recent series of remastered CD reissues of the Masters back catalog...though theyre all worth your patronage, this ones a bit special in that it collates all of Jimis final works, apparently intended for release as a double-album followup to ELECTRIC LADYLAND under this CDs title (debate, of course, rages over this claim). Most of us first heard these tracks scattered among posthumous lp releases THE CRY OF LOVE, WAR HEROES &amp; RAINBOW BRIDGE, but here they all are collected on one CD and sounding bolder and better than ever. Compared to the mighty LADYLAND, these tracks are shorter, punchier, less the jammin' galactic majesty found on, say, Still Raining, Still Dreaming. (Though theres plenty of spaced-out silver surfing here: witness Room Full of Mirrors, Drifting, New Rising Sun, Astro Man...) What strikes me on this set is Hendrixs experimenting with different approaches, and his absolute mastery of craft: his ballads were never more gorgeous, nor had he ever written rockers as fanged as the ones on display here (Freedom, Dolly Dagger, Stepping Stone). You get the feeling that Hendrix was very near a transitional point, about to take his Strat (and us) to strange unexplored terrain - had he lived. The great lost Hendrix album is the one that would have followed FIRST RAYS OF THE NEW RISING SUN - the one that would've rewritten all of the rules all over again, AGAIN. Well never hear it in this world, but you can find small shards of it all through this CD.
B000002W3R|5.0|This collection contains some of Elvis' best work from his later years. Many people discount his work in the 70s, to those people I say - check this out first before you pass judgment. The album contains such memorable covers as &quot;Unchained Melody&quot; first performed by the Righteous Brothers. No offence, but in my opinion Elvis' live rendition of this song is more heart-felt and powerful than the original version. The up-beat &quot;Way Down&quot; still shows that even in his later years, he can still &quot;Rock and Roll&quot;. Finally, the title song &quot;Moody Blue&quot; allows the mature Elvis to showcase his vocal talent and once again shows that he has not lost his touch. There are also many sombre songs on this album such as &quot;He'll have to go&quot; and &quot;It's Easy for You&quot;. The bottom line is that each song in this collection fits perfectly together, the listener is treated to forty odd minutes of auditory pleasure that ends far too soon in my opinion (there are only 10 songs in the original compilation). Overall, I would recommend this album to any Elvis fan with discerning taste that may want to experience the mature Elvis from a mixture of live and recorded gems that show him at an important stage in his singing career.
0380973464|5.0|Neal Stephenson really ruins reading for me. After reading Cryptonomicon I was unable to tolerate my previously most enjoyed authors, and had to immediately undergo a comprehensive depressurization in order to survive the time until I found another Stephenson book. Neal packs so much information into each paragraph and page that I am unable to bear reading anything that smacks of empty fluff and waffle - it seems to me now that the authors who use descriptive phrases are just holding out on me. Neal describes the people and situations from within, without recourse to what I now consider lazy superficial references to what is actually happening. Cryptonomicon was a satisfyingly slow read for me. Its density was such a delectable treat, and I relished every page. I'm far too obtuse to be a crypto nut, yet I enjoyed learning about the history and current use of such things via the time hopping storyline spanning much of the last century's IT development. I eagerly await Neal's next novel, but I guess I'll have to read a few other authors before then. I'm not sure I can stand the drop in fictional pressure...
0312979479|5.0|This by far is the best Agatha Christie book I've ever read! Once I picked it up I couldn't put it down! Every time I was sure I knew who the killer was, that person would wind up dead. This is an excellent book and is sure to satisfy anyone's craving for a good mystery. Once you read this book, you are sure to find yourself back in the bookstaore looking for more Agatha Christie mysteries. Well, why are you still reading this? Go get the book already!
B00005AWMF|5.0|Fight road-rage with this CD. Stuck on the worst interstate in the country? You must live in Atlanta! It won't put you to sleep... just plop you down on a tropical beach with your favorite tropical drink! Not your typical 80's artist...
068818071X|4.0|I was introduced to Marian Keye's novels on my honeymoon by a fellow vacationer who happened to be British. She gave me her copy of &quot;Sushi for Beginners&quot;, which I highly reccommend, and ever since I have read all of Keye's books. Rachel's Holiday is another great novel by this author.
B00003CX95|5.0|While &quot;Braveheart&quot; isn't historically accurate, it features many of the elements of previous Oscar winners for Best Picture. These include, the beautiful mountain scenery of &quot;The Sound of Music&quot;, the struggle for independance from England and/or the violent death of the title character featured in &quot;Gandhi&quot; and &quot;A Man for All Seasons&quot;, the rivalry between an older member of the Establishment and a younger rougue in his thirties, as well as the eventual undoing of the work of the elder character featured in &quot;Amadeus&quot;, and there is even a poignant look about the character at the moment of death in which his blue-eyed gaze falls upon the face of his wife that was also featured in &quot;Amadeus&quot;, where a cute, lop-sided grin from a beautiful mouth leaves an audience with reassurance that the character is not defeated. Gibson unsuccessfully auditioned for the part of Mozart in the latter film a decade earlier, but that he has come full circle since then, winning two Oscars with &quot;Braveheart&quot;, speaks volumes about the possibility that he just might be over that rejection. Gibson is at his energetic and vengeful best as Scottish warrior William Wallace, who has seen the English destroy everything and everyone he's held dear since childhood. In a fine, charismatic performance, he woos, wins, and loses his childhood sweetheart, played by Catherine McCormack who gives the character a sweet Scottish soul, rouses an army against the English, defeats them at Sterling, is defeated by them at Falkirk, and along the way recives a knighthood, and support from an unexpected source, Longshank's daughter-in-law, played by tall and willowy Sophie Marceau, who looks like she stepped out of a Rossetti painting. In reality, Isabella of France never met Wallace, much less had a child with him, and has nothing more in common with Wallace besides the date of her death--August 23,1358--exactly 53 years to the day of Wallace's execution. But in the film, she does a great job comforting a grieving widower, whose lonliness and lack of love in his life can, like hers, be attributed to Longshanks. Patrick MacGoohan's Longshanks is sinister to the core as he uses every evil device to bring Scotland to its knees. The film strikes a chord with me for the same reason &quot;Gandhi&quot; did. My parents, who are from Barbados, grew up under British rule, and have some familiarity with English injustices. Robert the Bruce, as played by Angus McFadyen, is a troubled nobleman with a lot of unfulfilled potential,forced to make compromises to keep order in the country he would one day rule. The late Ian Bannen as his leperous father is the mastermind behind Bruce's every decision. I could feel the cold damp climate of the British Isles from just watching this movie. But the ashen bluish light veiling Gibson's face and complimenting his trademark eyes at certain points was a masterstroke of cinematography. Mel proves he is still in fine form and as ready for action as ever, and he is aided by a childhood friend with brawn to match his brains, and a psychotic but effective fellow from Ireland. I could never say enough about the intensity of his performance or of the film in general. It's a typical Gibson film in terms of venegefulness, sensuality, and the justfication for killing his adversaries. It's a bit too graphic for young children, but could be recommended to anyone who was at least 15 or older.In the end, there are feelings of such reverance as well as elation from watching this film, for which James Horner wrote a score that fills one with a sense of both triumph and solemnity....And the tapering sound of a lone bagpipe in the distance, faintly reminiscent of those that might have been played by any of Scotland's warrior poets of that distant era.
B00004Z459|4.0|If I were to give this a rating according to how talented the band is then it would be 5 stars. However, I am not. I am rating it according to how good the music itself is. Seriously, this is one of the most talented bands in modern day music. This is one of the absolute best metal CDs in existence. However, I am not a fan of metal. If you Judge CDs by how how talented the band is and the lyrics, and like metal then this CD is definitely for you. Actually, if you are a metal fan t all then this CD is for you also. This CD is also for you if you have real strict parents when it comes to music cause this IS the cleanest modern CD in existence. It can't get any cleaner. It has: No profanity, expletives or ANY vulgar words No Sexual content of any sort No violent content of any kind Pretty much the dirtiest thing on the CD is him singing about he wants to run away. I am SERIOUS! So this is also a parent's dream.
B00000J7JO|5.0|It was a really good CD, although i bought it for the hit's like scar tissue, californiacation, and otherside the rest of the cd is really good and red not chili peppers is a great group anyway so you should expect the highest! I highly encourage you to buy this cd.
B00004Z459|4.0|If I were to give this a rating according to how talented the band is then it would be 5 stars. However, I am not. I am rating it according to how good the music itself is. Seriously, this is one of the most talented bands in modern day music. This is one of the absolute best metal CDs in existence. However, I am not a fan of metal. If you Judge CDs by how how talented the band is and the lyrics, and like metal then this CD is definitely for you. Actually, if you are a metal fan t all then this CD is for you also. This CD is also for you if you have real strict parents when it comes to music cause this IS the cleanest modern CD in existence. It can't get any cleaner. It has: No profanity, expletives or ANY vulgar words No Sexual content of any sort No violent content of any kind Pretty much the dirtiest thing on the CD is him singing about he wants to run away. I am SERIOUS! So this is also a parent's dream.
B00000J7JO|5.0|It was a really good CD, although i bought it for the hit's like scar tissue, californiacation, and otherside the rest of the cd is really good and red not chili peppers is a great group anyway so you should expect the highest! I highly encourage you to buy this cd.
079213690X|5.0|I think that Braveheart is a great movie. It reallygave you an idea of what it was like in Scotland in the 13th century. I enjoyed watching Braveheart and I really recommend it.
0783222955|5.0|This is a very good movie!! I loved it, I watched after I read the book. This can really teach you a lesson, and remind you that people are mean to other, or treat each other unfairly because of the color of their skin. This is a good moive for kids who want to learn.
079213690X|5.0|I think that Braveheart is a great movie. It reallygave you an idea of what it was like in Scotland in the 13th century. I enjoyed watching Braveheart and I really recommend it.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I got this CD after I heard a few of Dido's songs in a music store. I loved the sound of her, it's just a great blend of lyrics, music, and voice. I love singing, and I'm not bad at it either, but whenever I try to sing one of her songs, it never sounds right. In my opinion, I think the songs on this CD can only be sung by Dido, or the song won't sound at all like it sounds on the CD. My CD stand has my CDs in it from my favorite, down to the ones I hardly listen to. While other CDs have moved down, this CD has always stayed on the top, and always will.
079213690X|5.0|I think that Braveheart is a great movie. It reallygave you an idea of what it was like in Scotland in the 13th century. I enjoyed watching Braveheart and I really recommend it.
B00002E224|5.0|So I was reading through the reviews and noticed that almost everyone has stumbled onto this movie by accident. Lol. I remember I saw this on The Movie Channel- I think, on June 16th. The only reason why I remember that date was because that's when Jesse and Celine were suppose to meet in six months...or it was the date they met....whatever the case is, I remember the date because of the friggin movie and this movie is really really good for a romantic comedy. It was well written! This is one of my favorite movies along with Shawshank Redemption, Seven Samurai, and Chasing Amy. It's a shame that this movie never made it big and still remains a sleeper hit. Since I'm suppose to tell how great or sucky this movie is, I'd like to say that you should buy it. I'm waiting for November 6th so I can buy the DVD. If you haven't seen this movie, you must. This is the first Five I've given out of 5 reviews, so I hope that helps someone. If not then.....GO GET THIS MOVIE STILL.
B00005IBGQ|5.0|Rufus has astounded me again. Unlike his first release, which was much softer and much more piano driven, &quot;Poses&quot; has more songs with strong guitar leads - such as &quot;Shadows&quot;. There was also a dabbling here and there with a few techno beats. The &quot;Cigarettes and Chocolate Milk Reprise&quot; was entirely devoted to this techno experimentation. The first listen of Poses had me a bit reserved, with the guitar and techno bits - I was afraid Rufus was pushing his limits - but the songs still proved to have (as with all Rufus works) beautiful lyrics and melodies. The second listen had me hooked. I thought the gems of the album were the &quot;Greek Song&quot; (my personal fav.), which has a strong asian influence, &quot;Rebel Prince&quot;, and &quot;Poses&quot;. His singing is exquisite; two female singers sometimes linger in the background as well (...at least I think there are two...hmmmmmm). Maybe this is just me - I like to hear breathing when someone sings (am I crazy?) and a lot of artists either have the breathing removed afterword.... or have some odd breathing technique. Anywho, he breathes on the CD :) I enjoy it. Of course his lyrics compliment his voice - he sings of Paris, love, dark angels, graveyards - what else could you need? This is a CD you need, even if you don't know it now. It's just fabulous! I can't wait for the next release.
0671799320|5.0|Daniel Yergin does a marvelous job of describing the history, politics and importance of oil in the world economy, from its relatively quiet, dusty beginnings, through a global crisis, and into the present. My parents both read &quot;The Prize&quot; and continue to re-read it. You should too.
B00004XOWM|5.0|There is only one word to describe Limp Bizket: Amazing! Fred Durst writes incredible lyrics, poetic sentences woven together into perfection, and delivered in an incredibly original rap style, blended with metal, to deliver a sound that has never been heard before. Incredible.
0380973650|2.0|I was intruiged by an artical in EW and so I read the book. The book was a huge dissapointment thought. There where some times that I found the book good, but it seemed to drag. The intial plot was good but I felt no empathy for Shadow. If you read this book and like it great, it's just that I didn't.
B00005KHJR|5.0|This is a handsome DVD edition. The two disc set comes in a rather distinctive wooden box instead of the usual plastic case. The discs insides are in a jewel case on a clear plastic frame, and there are two 5x7 cards, each with a chapter index for the two different versions of the movie. Not two different formats, widescreen and full-frame, which I've seen offered on other DVDs, but two different versions of the movie itself! On one disc is the infamous theatrical release short version with a stated runtime of 88 minutes (this version had a runtime of 87 minutes, according to most sources) and the other disc has the extended version with a stated runtime of 99 minutes. This longer version has the mainland prelude scenes and the Christopher Lee monologue in his offering to Aphrodite, which accounts for the \\"rarely seem\\" 11 minutes. A lot of confusion about the length of the uncut longer version seems to exist! I've seen runtimes given as \\"105 minutes\\", \\"104\\", \\"103\\" and \\"101\\"! Actually, according to the film editor himself, Eric Boyd-Perkins, it was cut down to a finished release version of 102 minutes. But this version was never released. And this is the version that was further cut down (on the advice of Roger Corman, no less!) to the 87/88 minute theatrical release version. It was also re-cut later for the BBC to a 95 minute version. Just out of curiosity, I timed the long version on this DVD and it is 99 minutes. I also timed the one I recorded 15 years ago off the old Z Channel and it, too, is 99 minutes. I can't time my Media VHS version because I don't have it anymore. It had a stated runtime of 102 minutes, but since I never noticed any difference between it and the Z Channel copy, it may have been 99 minutes, too! Maybe there never was an actual 102 minute version released anywhere! Not that it matters. The filmmakers themselves had to cut out about 20 minutes of filmed scenes to get down to that 102 minute release version! These missing scenes will never beseen again by anybody! They are lost and gone forever, probably buried under a highway in Britain! So why quibble over a missing 3 minutes? Get over it! There's a wealth of information about The Wicker Man on the Internet. Just do a Yahoo! search and you'll find dozes of interesting sites, including one with transcripts of those missing 20 minutes! By reading them, you'll better understand some of the events in the movie more clearly. Like why some characters/actors are listed in the end credits but are not in the movie -- because their scenes were cut! And like why graves on Summerisle are 9 feet deep! And what the Hand of Glory is! Check it out! But back to this DVD set. In defense of the much-maligned short version, it has one thing going for it -- it has a scene that is not in any of the longer versions that I've seen! It takes place the morning after Willow's erotic dance and gives further insight into Howie's character, as he states that he doesn't believe in sex before marriage, and Willow gently mocks him for it. This is an important scene and should have been in the extended version as well! (This scene is about 2 minutes long. Could it have been in the 1973 102 minute version, and subsequently cut, accounting for the confusion about the \\"uncut\\" length?) There are some other differences as well, such as credits backgrounds and some scene juxtaposition, but they're minor. This short version is in Dolby Digital 5.1 and it sounds great! The image quality is very good. The extended version is in mono and the image quality varies from fair to good, but this is explained in a brief forward to the movie -- in effect, they did the best they could with what they had! Bonus material includes the theatrical trailer and TV spots, and a lot of radio spots. But there's no language selection and no subtitles option. Chapter selections for each version, of course. And cast &amp; crew bios -- but only for Lee, Woodward, Hardy, and Shaffer. The most interesting feature is the short documentary that has the ubiquitous Lee, the still-lovely Pitt, star Woodward, director Hardy, and many others talking about the film. The documentary ends with a poignant shot of that highway, under which the lost footage may be buried! Well, let's be thankful that we have as much as we have of this true cult classic! So is this DVD set worth the money? I say yes. I'm happy with it. I think you will be, too.
6300208591|3.0|The English translation for \\"La Dolce Vita\\" as many know by now is \\"the sweet life\\". And, that's what Marcello Mastroianni seeks throughout this entire film. He plays a thrid-rate newspaper man who writes a gossip column. He thinks life would be so much better if he was wealthy, as does everyone else I know! He wants to be a respected reporter. This movie as with other Fellini movies contains things besides the story-line that keep your interrested. Movies like \\"Amarcord\\" can charm you with it's style and the wonderful music by Nino Rota. Or, \\"8 1\2\\" with it's brooding story-line as once again Mastroinni's mind drifts into the past. \\"La Dolce Vita\\" offers great location shots of Rome. There are many priceless visual shots in this movie, and I don't want to spoil them for those who've never seen this movie. But, there is one I feel I should tell you about. It deals with a hugh statue of Virgin Mary. That scene is shot beautifully. Those who have seen this movie know exactly what scene I'm talking about. The acting in this movie is enjoyable. Marcello as usual steals the show. Our hearts go with his character because sometimes we have wished for the same things. Maybe sometimes you yourself have thought, \\"There has to be something better out there\\"? This movie was nominated for 4 Oscars, in won one for \\"Best Costume Design\\". But, Fellini was up for an award as well. Here's some trival for everyone. Did you know that Paul Newman was the original choice for the lead? Can you imagine how that would of turned out?
0380796090|5.0|I have to say, to begin, that this unfortunately hits home with me. It was very refreshing to read about someone else going through what I experienced. I found many similarities between the main character, Claire, and myself. A unique combination of self-doubt, self-confidence, strong mother instinct, humor, and everything rolled into one. It covers her feelings and experiences from the time her husband leaves her and her newborn child for another woman and how she deals with it. Some of the parts were so funny I laughed out loud. The whole book was very intriguing and hilarious. You couldn't help but root for her and wonder what is going to happen next. I absolutely loved this book and highly recommend it. I wish she would do a sequel.
B000002OOY|5.0|Here we have it - the most memorable and amazing soundtrack in the history of cinema. It is unlikely it will ever be surpassed. This is an amazing film were all technical barriers were broken and live-action dinosaurs were created as never before,and as I was a kid when I saw it,I sometimes got scared - they looked so real!As this is Spielberg` s best film,it also has the best score of any of his films. It has two main themes which are very memorable,the first beeing heard in \\"Jurassic Park Theme\\". The second is first introduced at the beginning of \\"Journey to the Island\\",an eight-minute suite of beautifull music. That is the more majestic and it is extremly powerfull and memorable. It really gives you the feel of adventure and majesty among the prehistoric creatures called dinosaurs. Di di di di di,da da da da da dah!That`s it. It is actually quite similar to \\"Hook\\",from which I think he wanted to create a similar,but even more majestic main theme. But these two main themes are not taking over the score too much. Here I can go through the tracks in order : the \\"Opening Titles\\" are very dark and mysterious,and they can really be scaring. Lasting for only 30 secs,they are still amazing. \\"Theme from Jurassic Park\\" introduces the first main theme,as mentioned above. \\"Incident at Isla Nublar\\" is heard both at the opening sequence as well as when Ellie and Robert looks for Malcolm. It has both dramatic action moments as well as a little creepy,nervousing music. It is quite exciting. \\"Journey to the Island\\" is a magnificent presentation of all the main themes,with strong chorus heard in the middle performances of the first main theme. Then it overgoes into a little parade music when they come to the Tourist Center. \\"The Raptor Attack\\" is a dark track,actually very similar to some dungeon cues of Star Wars. It features a menacing motif for the raptors,beeing the nastiest dinosaurs! \\"Hatching A Baby Raptor\\" introduces a very beautifull motif for the baby dinosaur,with somechorus,which makes it sound a little childish. Sometimes,I find it so beautifull and heroic that my eyes are filled with tears!This theme is only heard once in the score,and is like a peacefull version of Zimmer`s \\"The Lion King\\". \\"Welcome to Jurassic Park\\" is actually the \\"End Credits\\" (I don`t know why this wasn`t the last track on the CD),and if you wanna hear all the themes one by one,it is highly recommended. It begins with a piano solo of the JP theme as they are taking farewell of the island. Then,some more instruments are added,reminding me of Hook yet again. For 4 mins.,the first theme is heard,played with various,from piano solo to maximum orchestra!It is pretty soft sounding. It calms down in the end with piano solos,and you then think it is gonna stop,but nor - now it explodes into the second main theme,and you almost don`t want to sit still,because it is so majestic. It sometimes become a march,like the victory parade of \\"Star Wars\\". For two minutes,it goes on like that to yet again end in the peacefull first theme and some mysterious cues. Track 8 has a very beautifull theme for the sick Triceratops. It is almost sad,and very peacefull,played on soft strings and some other instruments. Together with track 4,6,and 7,it really portrays the magnificense of the animals. And this is probably the last majestic track. Now,the score quickly becomes more exciting,overgoing into \\"Dennis Steals the Embryo\\",which is sounding very mysterious,although not frightening. It features a strange theme for the bumbling,but smart bad guy. Sometimes,the music is getting very cold,almost like a Jerry Goldsmith theme for Alien as Dennis enters the cryo chamber. \\"A Tree for My Bed\\" is very similar to \\"Granny Wendy\\" of Hook,like a bedtime story track. This is the christmas version of the JP theme,a more exotic \\"Home Alone\\". It is pleasant to hear. \\"High-Wire Stunts\\" is the real contrast to the previous. It sounds very exciting and nervous,when Tim is climbing on the wires and Ellie is about to restore the electricity. It sometimes even has some church bells sounding here. Again,it gets quite similar to some SW action cues. Mostly,it is played pretty low,but in the beginning and in the end,it bursts out like a shock! \\"Remembering Petticoat Lane\\" is yet again,a track a l Home Alone,with it`s piano and solo strings. \\"Jurassic Park Gate\\" was never heard in the film. It begins hopeless,but then overgoes into a mysterious version of the JP theme played on native drums,with only a few instruments. After two minutes,it overgoes into the creepy and nervous \\"Eye to Eye\\",which is a dark track when the raptors are in the kitchen,hunting the children. This is the main track of strange horror music here,as the raptors are nearly discovering them. You are really waiting for something here - and I like that!It is very exciting,with some small performances of the JP theme. At the end,it bursts out into real action music. And the action is not over yet!It has just began! Because what follows this track is the best action cue of the soundtrack,which is the final battle music with the raptors in the big hall. \\"T-rex Rescue &amp; Finale\\" features some 8 minutes of non-stop action music,with some themes heard only here. It has some really horrifying parts,when the raptors are nearly killing the humans!It is sometimes like a Jerry Goldsmith track,with the massive horns. The last track is a cut from track 7,and therefore,I do not have to review it. Over all,this is may be the best film score ever done,and it is really incredible. Beauty,majesty,excitement,action - it has it all!Williams did not failed while recreating the dinosaurs. This CD is invalueable,and belongs to the library of any serious soundtrack or Williams enthusiast!1000 words isn`t enough to describe it,so therefore these 982 words must be enough! GO GET IT!
B00003W8NO|2.0|I thought this movie was wonderful - for me and my husband. My 3 year old was scared. I think that the mean boy who lives next door and performs surgery and pyrotechnics on his toys was totally inappropriate for toddlers. These toys walk and talk and have feelings, and the movie actually shows this boy blowing them up or sawing off their heads. My daughter found the fishing pole with barbie legs very disturbing as well. I don't think I will let my daughters watch this again until they are much older.
0876855575|5.0|HAM ON RYE is certainly the apex of Bukowski's fiction and, for me personally, his best novel. This should be taught if not in every high school literature class, then at least in any college course about the &quot;great American novel.&quot; A brilliant book.
B00003CXSP|1.0|This is a horrible film -- sloppy, trying too hard to shock but merely amusingly gross in a juvenile way, and pretending to be sophisticated when it's not. A waste of talent all around. The book stunk and the movie isn't any better. &quot;Silence of the Lambs&quot; was far better. Movies are only about making money nowadays, and as long as the gullible and tasteless masses go to see junk like this, the disappointing trend will continue.
6300213803|5.0|This is one of my favorite Star Trek movies. Ricardo Montalban is just great as Khan. The worms taking over the people is a great touch. There is romance and humor andI love that feeling of not knowing what is going to happen next. Wouldn't we all like to start over sometimes?
B00000DATR|5.0|It appears that Mike is going to milk the &quot;Tubular Bells&quot; name for all it's worth, as this album is fairly loosely based on the previous ones (and even included a remake of Man In The Rain, a non-related Oldfield hit from the 80's), but, the fact is, this is an excellent album no matter what it's name is. The Source of Secrets kicks things off well, interpreting the original opening Tubular Bells melody with a techno, Enigma-esque driving, synth/bass rush, coming after an opening sound effects montage. Jewel In The Crown are both excellent guitar pieces, one being a storming rock rave-up, the other a new approximation of the &quot;Piltdown Man&quot; theme on acoustic guitar. I hesistate to cite individual pieces as highlights, as the whole album runs well together. From driving techno, to superb New Age inflections, to delicate and beautiful piano passages, TB3 is a truly excellent album. Not a classic or overall masterpiece like the original, and perhaps not as overall beautiful as TB2 (I missed the instrument roll-call on this album), but TB3 is still a great album with a production gloss that outshines the previous two albums. A worthy buy for any Mike Oldfield fan, for sure.
1878424319|5.0|When you recall some of your most peaceful, fulfilling experiences, how many of them occurred while your mind was clear and uncluttered? Most of them, if you're like me. This author understands and effectively communicates some of the keys that bring peace and joy to life. In contrast with some books that offer scores of tips and suggestions that will likely have little impact on our lives, Miguel Ruiz presents his message with clarity and sensitivity. I was skeptical when I opened this book. I really wasn't interested in &quot;Toltec wisdom.&quot; I wasn't interested in &quot;New Age&quot;-sounding theories. What I found in &quot;The Four Agreements&quot; transcends religions and philosophies. I wish I had been open to, received, understood, and acted on this message decades ago. The four agreements encompass a way to live. They are not primarily a subject for intellectual debate. We all know, for example, that it is not possible to literally &quot;make no assumptions&quot; in life. On the other hand, learning to (i) take far fewer things personally and (ii) minimize the assumptions about what I want from relationships with others has helped me tremendously. While my reviews often point out the types of people who probably won't like certain books, I think almost anyone can enjoy, be touched by, and gain greater peace and joy through the help of this book.
