6305313687|5.0|Race relations tend to be an issue that everyone is worried about but no one is willing to talk about.  I found this film to be incredible poignant.  It takes the viewer through the development of Edward Norton's character  hatred and shows us where to go.  Stirs up emotions that a lot of people  will never know existed within them.  This film would have been the best  picture in other year.  Like the film, so too was Norton's performance.   The scene that shows him after the murders will have everyone believing he  is pure evil.  The problems that occurred with the filmmaking are next to  unnoticeable.  The DVD is one that should be purchased by people of all  races.  A comment on society that many films are afraid to do.
0393038912|5.0|This book is excellent. The book deals with the broad patterns of human societies from expansion to death. It proves conclusively the ecological basis of human society. Patterns of human history are so well explained by  ecological, biological, and geographical factors that any other sort of  explaination pales in comparison. This is a must read for anyone interested  in Island Biogeography and Human Ecology. Probably the reason why other  reviewers are squemish about this book is they still want to believe humans  are somehow unique rather than being highly social animals tied like all  other creatures to our physical and biological environment. All other  notions are either racist or nonsense, Jared Diamond is right.
6303014100|4.0|To my mind, the best war movies are the ones that don't try to have a  special plot, but just tell the story the best that they can. With that  criterion in mind, this is one of the best of the genre.      Of course no  movie (even one of over three hours length) can tell the whole story, but  this one comes close. With Jeff Daniels giving the performance of a  lifetime-not to mention great turns by Sam Elliot, Tom Berenger and Stephen  Lang-this epic is well worth watching. Especially powerful are the huge  cannon barrage and the many-thousand-reenactor-strong Pickett's Charge.       Only one complaint: Martin Sheen is one of my favorite actors, but here he  doesn't quite capture Robert E. Lee's reputed charisma and power. Still, a  BIG war movie.
630575067X|4.0|I couldn't understand why critics put down this movie too much. I believe the movie gives a good introduction of the main characters and the history of the events shown earlier in the first 3 Star Wars movies. Maybe the  special effects are a bit superflous and the main characters lack depth in  personality, but I believe it's must have been a very difficult task for  the movie producers to create a &quot;prequel&quot; to the most successful  movies of all time. The story is straight forward, a saga of a clash  between the good and the evil. In short, it does its job superbly, i.e. to  entertain. All I can say now is that I am bracing myself for the second  episode of the movie, and this time, I am bringing my kids to watch the  second episode at the movie theatre. Guys, just sit back and enjoy this  movie......<br />Bravo to George Lucas and to his many creative movie  associates!
B000001ELF|5.0|When it come to guitar showmansship and songwriting Ace is second to none. He proved once and for all that he is the heart and soul of Kiss. I mean just listen to what Kiss was playing when Ace left the band. I thing songs  like Tears are Falling prove my point. Ace is the reason I picked up a  guitar and he influenced millions with his wonderful musicianship and  showmanship! One great album and by far the best of the solos!
0446910201|4.0|I found this book at the library, where I was number 16 on the list to borrow it.  (Ironic, huh?)  It was a really easy read, although the courtroom drama got to be a bit much and I skipped a good part of that.  I finished the book being certain of Carter's innocence, but there were still  parts of me that wondered exactly what he left out of the book -- many  times I got the feeling that an editor had purposely rewritten Carter's  words.  For instance, Carter suddently goes gun-ho Muslim, with a new name  and all, and ten pages later it's forgotten and never mentioned again, with  no explaination.  Still, a great read and a good companion after seeing the  movie.
6305363668|5.0|Most people know about Bladerunner.  It's a futuristic detective story with great visuals, incredible atmosphere, and a interesting plot and characters.  What the directors cut has however is a lack of narraration  and the cheesy happy ending that was tacked on to please test audeiences.   I think that while the film is a bit more confusing without the narraration  it is far better.  This movie is a masterpiece in every sense of the word  and should not be missed(even 18 years later).
B000023VR6|5.0|This is the best album i have listened to in a long time. This album is great.  I would say it is one of the best albums to come out in recent years.
B00004SVGE|5.0|This is a fantastic CD for &quot;making out&quot;.<br />These classic jazz tunes are well mixed and Krall's voice and piano are nothing short of amazing!  There are many slow songs, like &quot;Peal me a Grape&quot;,  &quot;I Don't Stand a Ghost of a Chance...&quot;, and &quot;I Miss You  So&quot; and upbeat tunes like &quot;All or Nothing at All&quot; and  &quot;How Deap is the Ocean&quot; for good variety.<br />This CD playing, a  light meal and chilled white wine (with the right company) makes a  memorable evening!
6301969588|5.0|Yes, not everybody will enjoy this dark classic.  The first time I saw this film, I found it quite disturbing, but on seeing it again many years later, I found it to be one of the most interesting films made.  Quite  ahead of its time.  I do not share the beliefs of some that this film was  exploitive.  Where else could some of the cast members of this film work?   The story was quite powerful.  The real monsters of this film turned out to  be two &quot;normal&quot; people.
B000003NA4|5.0|This is a fantastic CD for &quot;making out&quot;.<br />These classic jazz tunes are well mixed and Krall's voice and piano are nothing short of amazing! There are many slow songs, like &quot;Peal me a Grape&quot;,  &quot;I Don't Stand a Ghost of a Chance...&quot;, and &quot;I Miss You  So&quot; and upbeat tunes like &quot;All or Nothing at All&quot; and  &quot;How Deap is the Ocean&quot; for good variety.<br />This CD playing, a  light meal and chilled white wine (with the right company) makes a  memorable evening!
0375420525|4.0|There are a lot of good things about &quot;House of Leaves,&quot; but there are also bad things...however, the good outweighs the bad.  The good: thought provoking story, interesting premise, and the way Danielewski plays  with text is beautiful.  Sure, Johnny Truant is a bit annoying at times,  but only when he whines about his mental conditions--Danielewski succeeded  best when Johnny told stories, and not when he rambled like a  punk-Lovecraft narrator.  Zampano should've been developed more, but that  is made up with the excellent characterizations of the Navidsons...Overall,  a good read, a bit challenging, and ultimately rewarding.
0553573403|5.0|This book is the single best Fantasy book I have read ever and I have been reading Fantasy for years.  The characters are life-like and you feel something for each one as they appear throughout the novel.  The battle  between the Starks and Lannasters is of epic scale and keeps you reading  and wanting more- even the wolves play a part in the story.  This is one  Fantasy novel everyone interested in Fantasy should read.
B000002L1L|2.0|this album is rather slow and narrow,...their hard rock sound is not hard as a rock! Blackmore lacked his skills on this album,...because he has no love and desire anymore to deep Purple,...he left in 1994, his place was  took over by Steve Morse. the last ritual testimonial for DP with  Blackmore....Anja is an excellent song,...the album track itself is also  cool.
0783225725|5.0|This movie is one of the best Eastwood Westerns that I have seen and is right up there with &quot;Pale Rider&quot; is supernatural quality.  Clint plays almost an avenging spirit who returns to seek justice for a past  crime and does so with his usual coolness. The movie offers a red painted  town named &quot;Hell&quot;, flashbacks showing a crime committed against  Clint in the past and some awesome action scenes.  Eastwood is wonderful  throughout the whole film and even sports a pistol with a Cobra painted on  the handle (cool! ).  This is a great Western to add to any collection.
0345350499|5.0|I must say that having read fairly widely in the fiction that the Arthurian cycle has inspired over the last hundred years alone, I came to Marion Zimmer Bradley with a faint heart. Indeed, the book had been sitting handy for years before I took the plunge. Now I have to ask myself if it is not my favourite of all. It is such a good book, such an unusual one, that I shudder to think that I might have missed it. I thought Mary Stewart told a pretty good Arthurian tale, in which the good earth of the sixth century clung to Ambrosius' leather sandals and the ground was damp and musty behind the stone walls of the little hamlet where Arthur lay... and so on.  Yes they were great books, well worth reading. I thought T.H. White magnificent; I loved Arthur being an ant or whatever he was at one stage in the \\"Once and Future King.\\" I bought all of it and marveled at the spirit it invoked, of that faraway time. I enjoyed Chopra as well; thought it was excellent in fact. And many others...<br />But Bradley. Oh it is an outstanding book, in every sense. I am in Glastonbury, I am in faerie, I am in the Celtic lands for certain; and I do not want to come back. There is a woman's touch, no doubt, but I don't think it's a womanish book. It is a very human story, told with a women's gift, that of enhanced intuition,  and without male bluntness perhaps.  But why go on: just start reading. It is priceless.
6303332609|5.0|Anybody who says all the best B-movies came from the fifties obviously hasn't seen this little gem.  It really is an admirable piece of film making which is actually very clever and inventive.  It is reminiscent in someways of The Blob (50s version)in that a teenage couple witness a  &quot;comet&quot; fall from the sky and then spend the movie running around  trying to get people to believe them.  However, this is far more  &quot;tongue in cheek&quot; than most movies in its genre and could almost  be passed as a black comedy rather than a horror.<br />The movie isn't  particularly scary, although I do remeber finding it very freaky when I was  younger.  People who have a phobia of clowns should probably stay away from  this movie though, because as the title suggests thay are the stars of the  show.  It is worth watching for the inventive and amusing ways in which the  &quot;Klowns&quot; Kill and cocoon their victims alone.  But as it happens  the film also has a lot more to offer as well.  Try as hard as you can to  get hold of this movie because it really is a classic.  It took me a couple  of years of searching but now i've got it and it was definately worth the  effort.
0698103505|4.0|This book starts as your standard cold war spy novel that is vaguely interesting before moving into high gear. When you finally realise what is actually going on in the plot, I assure you that you'll be astounded at the  sheer intelligence that LeCarre has communicated in this novel. All is not  what it seems and the plot kicks into gear, it is addictive reading. In  fact, a second reading is often necessary just to go over and comprehend it  completely. All around it is a great story, so great, in fact, that when  the novel was first released it was believed that LeCarre was a former  government agent! A great book that makes for a fascinating read. I totally  recommend it.
0385484518|2.0|So Morrie's wisdom is a bit schmaltzy. That I could put up with.  It's Albom's insincerity that destroys his book. This comes out even more so on the audio-cassette version. One can almost envision him sitting at the edge  of his dying mentors bed thinking, &quot;Oh boy, book project!&quot;.  What  that leads to is the anthesis of the message.  It's almost like Albom is  writing in the third person...&quot;I once knew this workaholic named Mitch  who was reunited with his mentor, Morrie, where he learned all these  insights about life....&quot;.  You could hear the publishing wheels  turning in Albom's head throughout the pages.  A disappointing book.
B0000028RR|5.0|Yes!  The flowing piano melodies combine with soft synth work to produce beautiful new age music with an Enya-esque feel.  Soothing and relaxing, &quot;Bullet in the head&quot; is great music to listen to after a hard day  at work or relxing before bed.  A must own for all light sounds lovers!
B00001U0DP|5.0|i thought that this movie was beautiful, it shows some of the horrors of the holocaust but doesnt dwell on it but instead focuses on the true story, keeping your head up high and never losing faith
0790731002|5.0|Listen up Tim the Enchanter, if the cinematography was so bad how come it got nominated for Best Cinematography at the Oscars? Answer that one! This film did well at the Academy Awards and this movie is very good too. Jim  Carrey is outstanding as the Riddler. This is a good film.
B00000JZC4|4.0|I am very glad I ordered this CD.  However, it was completely different than what I was expecting.  Filter has a definate hard edge, and the songs reach you deep down in the pit of your darkest places.  Take a Picture  reflects the mainstream influences on the band.  I say that Filter should  stay with the hard edge, and not conform to the Top 40 Billboard music  standard.
0792156684|2.0|If you are looking for a DVD with quality audio, don't go for it.
0380973464|5.0|okay, I admit, I was a bit put off by the reviews on this book until another genre author convinced me to get it. Still, the book just sat there for two weeks as I eyed it nervously, afraid to actually crack it and begin  to be disappointed. Finally, desparately searching for something new to  read I reluctantly picked up Cryptonomicom and immediately began to hate  Neal Stephenson for being too smart. Still, I read on, and on, and on, and  very reluctantly concede that this is one of the most amazing books I've  ever read. And I've read some pretty amazing books in my life. Despite the  complexity of this book, Stephenson limits his characters to a reasonable  number; he is not his best at characterization, but still, the people are  fleshed out well enough to be perfectly believeable and their actions  coincide with their personalities. I've read far too many books which are  so overloaded with characters that the reader has to write them all down  with little bios of each one in order to keep track. Don't worry about this  in Cryptonomicon; the characters are few but the information is  abundant.I'm at the end of my space now, so all I can add is: just read the  book. You won't be disap
B000001FDI|5.0|A great experiment of blending Clapton's wondrous guitar skill, Steve Winwood's overall musical genius and with strong percussion from Ginger Baker.  Can't Find my Way Home is a truly great song, it fit the movie  Fundango perfectly.  Well All Right is a song that still holds up today.   The whole album of six amazing songs is a masterpiece, one of the best  albums of all time.  It is surprising that Blind Faith did not continue,  especially when they combined such great music styles.
B00000K19E|2.0|A great idea for what could have been a great movie.  If only they would have spent more time on the developing the plot and less time on special effects.  The very shallow development of the story makes for a mediocre  movie.  If all you care about is great special effects, explosions, and gun  fire you'll love it.  Otherwise, there are much better sci-fi movies out  there.
B00000DGUM|4.0|i really like alot of the songs on that track ,but i'm sorry skid row is not skid row with out sabastian bach,and i will not go see them in concert,as far as i'm concerned there is no longer a band called skid  row,and for you sabastian fans he is touring ,,and also has a web site,go  visit him its great,sabastianbach.com,and i'm very disapointed in the snake  and rachel,you guys get real ,it wont work without the boss
0553378384|5.0|amazed, astonished, helped, intrigued. I just started studying astrology and recently joined AA. An odd combo I realize, but such is life. With a Gemini north node in my fourth house, I have read the relevant chapters and  have been amazed,astonished, helped, intrigued and plenty more (let me get  my thesaurus...). Read in conjunction with AA's Big Book, I have felt some  real healing in my life. Both are eminently practical, easy to read, easily  understandable and, best of all, helpful. As I said, I have just begun my  studying of astrology (I have read Tarot for more than 15 years) and am  full of wonder and awe at the riches it has revealed. Spiller's book has  allowed me to look at some less than pleasant parts of my personality with  something new to me: hope. I am eagerly looking forward to her next book on  aspects--a subject which I am just about to start studying seriously. I  picked up this book while looking at basic astrology titles, and I can  recommend it without reservation to anyone with even a cursory interest in  serious astrology. You won't be confused or overwhelmed by what can be an  enormously complex subject. Read it with an open mind and it can be an  invaluable tool. It has literally been a source of revelation to me.
B00003CXC7|5.0|this movie is breathtaking and the masterpiece of moviemaking! when i first saw it, i immediately fell in love with it, and in the following months i watched it over a 100 times. every detail is important, every  look, every word! and the couple of james stewart and the wonderful grace  kelly is undoubtedly magnificent! grace kelly is on her best, like  hitchcock said himself &quot;a surface of ice with a volcano beneath&quot;.  she plays with so much witt, humor and coolness at the same time, she  catches everyone!  and james stewart as the injured photographer plays his  part so honestly and charming, you never want to take your eyes of those  two. but hitchcock knew how to get everyone's attention, with his great  cameramovement, with the dialogue, with just about everything! watch it and  love it!
B000002GYI|5.0|This recording  is Electronica's  equivalent to Beethoven's 5th. This one should sit right next to Walter Carlos' &quot;Switched on Bach&quot; in terms of importance. It is The one that revolutionized dance music, rap,  industrial..etc, etc. It is the album know one knows, but everyone  recognizes due to the countless samples that have been ripped from it. The  'Numbers' track has never ever been successfully replicated yet the beat  from that one song ( which leads into the second part of &quot;Computer  world&quot;) created a nation of D.J's. Like all of their albums, the  themes and lyrics are brilliantly simple and visionary. Enjoy!
6305807086|5.0|It's a good thing this wasn't Being Ned Beatty or something like  that(still can't get over Deliverance).  This film is brilliantly directed  - most likely the best directed film of the year.  The script is way, WAY  out of left field, but it manages to satire our fascination with celebrity  and still tell a genuinely moving story.  And the performances are  first-rate.  John Cusack is one of our most underrated actors, and I also  thought Cameron Diaz was terrific.  John Malkovich and Catherine Keener  though, their craft is on a whole other level.  Do not miss this one.  Wish  the DVD had running commentary, but oh well, nothing's perfect.
B000002UZ6|1.0|This is the worst CD I have ever heard. It's simply the worst.
0767802519|5.0|this is a movie you must see. Jean Reno stars as a frenchmen who saves a young girl. This is deffently one of Reno's best performances. Whatever you do don't miss the ending
6302529867|3.0|... K2: The Ultimate High.  Well, while I'm sure climbing the actual mountain really is a great high, this movie does a mediocre job of portraying the thrill. It's not that the acting is bad, but the plot is  pretty generic and predictable. Leaves you just a bit wanting in places.  Too much &quot;made for TV&quot; juice in its veins.<br />The real strength of  this DVD comes with its crisp video and pretty impressive camera work on  the slopes. You almost feel cold and light-headed as you travel up the  spine of K2 with the protagonists. No clues in the special features or  jacket info about the actual filmed locations for the movie, but especially  the shots from the climax at the apex connote well the feeling of reaching  nearly to the top of the world (I don't think I've revealed any plot twists  here). I doubt the scenes here are all from K2 itself, but some good aerial  camerawork make it just as well.<br />Not much on the special features perks  for this one. A chapter selection list and two bios, but that's about  it.<br />Overall, not a bad buy if you like moutains and climbing and can find  it for a decent price. Recommended viewing with hot brandy and licorice.
B000000OAL|3.0|When one talks of the great debuts, a few names spring to mind automatically... Van Halen.. Bat out of Hell.. Kill em All... but no one really brings up Queen's debut in such discussion, even though, for all  intents, it's an extremely good album.<br />  It may be a debut, but it  doesn't have the 'rawness' of most.  It was recorded over a couple years,  unlike most debuts that were done in a week or two.  This doesn't hurt it  at all, rather, it allows Queen to play around and develop the foundation  for their future worldwide blockbusters... the massive guitar overdubbing  by May, the vocal acrobatics and midevial, mystical songwriting by Mercury,  the multi-tracked harmonies, they're all beginning to coalesce now, and on  a few moments, it all comes together to form great, early high-watermarks.   Keep Yourself Alive, Liar, and Jesus are all great examples of the Queen  magic striking perfectly.  Roger and Brian show off their own vocals as  well, Roger on Modern Times Rock n Roll, Brian is occasionally heard  backing up both men.          Sonically, this is a metal album with added  campiness and extravagance, sort of the anti-Zeppelin.  Some of Brian May's  guitar solos are amazingly fluid, especially in Jesus, among other spots.   Keep Yourself Alive is the best song on the album, but the bonus Remix is  better than the original.  The remix of Liar isn't half bad, either.  A  taster for things to come on the next album is included, as well, with the  quick snippet of Seven Seas of Rhye.  <br />  Queen's debut album is a fine  release, not an essential buy, because the best song, Keep Yourself Alive,  can be found on any number of compilations (including Live Killers, which  it sounds much better on), but if you like the heavier side of Queen,  without all the outlandish and inaccessible complexity of Queen II, then  this is a good album for you.
0451198492|5.0|This book has to be the best book I have ever read. It portrays the future in the way we all wish it could be, traveling to the moon daily, and talking with computers as if they were people. I recomend it to any one who wonders what is possible in the future if we want it enough.
B000002BUY|5.0|What can I say?  These 5 guys from Calabasas(sp?) California really know how to do it.  Incubus is one of the best bands out there.  This CD has a range of styles from the funkyness of &quot;Redefine&quot; to the  mellowness of &quot;Anti-Gravity&quot;  (the best song)  Come and buy this  wonderful CD and come &quot;ENJOY INCUBUS&quot;
044100590X|5.0|Dune is by far the best book I have ever read.  I can't recommend it highly enough.  I have never found myself so immersed in a fictional world.  Words can't describe the beauty of it.  Reading Dune is one of the few  things I still vividly remember from my childhood...the experience was that  intense.
0684874350|5.0|This is an amazing piece of work.Frank McCourt is such a wonderful writter.I felt such an emotional attachment to all the charecters and so badly wanted to help them. This book is a reminder of the graditude we  should all have in our lives.Bottom line, this book makes you feel and it  works its way under your skin. A masterpiece.
B00000IPAX|4.0|I thought this album was great. Although it was more poppy than punk, it is still good. If you liked this album, you really ought to listen to Blink 182's earlier CD's, Dude Ranch and Cheshire Cat. They are even better than  this one.
0866119582|5.0|We know this is a good story and we know that its a long story.  I have grandchildren and I enjoy reading to them. However as they grow older -5 and 6- their patience is less, but their curiosity, knowledge and imagination still thirst. These types of stories and their presentation  quenches this. My grandsons will sit, listen and join in the reading.  The  book itself is 220 pages long. It is abbreviated and has a black and white  picture on alternate pages inviting comment and reading. The presentation  of the story and its plot invites understanding and enjoyment quickly. Each  chapter is short and builds up the characters and action very  well-sometimes I may read 2 or 3 chapters because they don't want to stop  If you enjoy reading to your kids and want to introduce them (and yourself  ?) to a classic go for this book. I do not know if the other books in the  series are as good in it presentation but if they are I'll look forward to  them.
B000002SE0|5.0|Birgit Nilsson is probably the best Turandot ever.  It seems like the role was made for her.  Here, her cold, steely timbre, which can sometimes be a bit unpleasant in Wagner's operas, perfectly suits the icy Chinese  princess.  Her loud, high notes are thrilling, and she portrays the  character very effectively.  Corelli also fits his role of Calf hand in  glove.  His enormous, even, gorgeous voice is heard to huge advantage in  this opera, and his &quot;Nessun' dorma&quot; makes Pavarotti's sound  pathetic.  Needless to say, Nilsson and Corelli blend fantastically in the  climaxing duet (though it is rather obvious that they are singing against  rather than with each other).  Renata Scotto is great as Li - her voice is  in its prime here, before it developed its ugly wobble.  Giaiotti does not  have a very pleasant voice for Timur, but he does OK.  Molinari-Pradelli is  not quite in Mehta's league on the much more famous London set, but he's  more than adequate.  Anyone seeking the definitive recording of  &quot;Turandot&quot; need seek no further.
B000002UZ1|4.0|This is all good stuff, but there's so much more Beatles music than this out there. I would recommend getting the albums instead. Don't bother with anything before Help! though, unless you're especially fond of brainless,  cookie-cutter pop songs. Sgt. Pepper through Abbey Road is simply  magnificient!
B0000041Q3|3.0|&quot;Turandot&quot; may not be Puccini's greatest opera, but it sure does have a lot of magnificent music, including, of course, &quot;Nessun' dorma.&quot;  This 1972 recording under Mehta has been widely acclaimed,  but when I listen to it, it is hard to understand why.  Joan Sutherland,  the reigning bel canto diva of the time, has been persuaded to sing a role  that requires nothing less than a full-blooded, powerful dramatic soprano.   She is way out of her element here - none of her loud, high notes, which  make up a great deal of the role, are remotely focused, and it is plainly  causing her a great deal of effort.  Luckily, Turandot is a short role.   Pavarotti is better than he usually is as Calf but pales in comparison to  Corelli on the EMI set.  Caball is in a different league as Li -  absolutely gorgeous tone and miraculous breath control.  Ghiaurov as Timur  is also superb.  Mehta's direction is unfailingly rich and dramatic, and  the sound is full, rich and clear.  None of these three can, however,  salvage a recording already sunk.  Francesco Molinari-Pradelli's mid-price  EMI recording, with the classic pairing of Nilsson and Corelli, is the  first choice for everyone.
B000002UAR|5.0|Don't listen to that LH guy. Just look at all his reviews and you'll see that he spends most of his time reviewing the same albums over and over, and bashing the Beatles while praising the Stones. Skip over any reviews by  &quot;LH from IMG&quot; and listen to reviewers who don't have some sort of  grudge. <br />Anyway, Revolver is the first great Beatles album. It moved them  from pop into rock and roll and led them into the Sgt. Pepper era. Rock and  roll has never been the same since.
B000002L42|5.0|I had the honor of seeing/hearing SD at Phoenix's Desert Sky Pavillion 9/18/94 and I ashamedly must admit I was a bit wary wondering if this was just gonna be a trip down memory lane. I apologize to Becker and Fagen's  fierce musical integrity. That night under the stars was musical magic.  From the opening overture featuring the stellar musicians minus WB and DF  to the rousing second encore of My Old School it was worth every  penny.Dennis Chambers-drums was the locomotive driving the train. His solo  on Josie was outstanding. Georg Wadenius-guitar brought the audience to  their feet with his kickass solo on Bodisattva. My only gripe is this  should hace been a 2 cd set as the overtures were omitted and there must  have been enough quality stuff to fill another cd! Listen to the extremely  tasty rendition of Third World Man with Drew Zinggs perfect solo.What can I  say--You should have been there and you kinda can with this cd.
B000002C25|5.0|This is Oasis at their best.  When they recorded this album they were not only the best band in the world but also the biggest.  It was also on the heels of Knebworth and other milestones so their may be a few bloated egos  present.  But that along with the tension between the brothers(which is  very apparent on this album) only fuels the fire that is Oasis: attitude  and rock n roll.
0451160916|5.0|The is one of the scariest ghost stories ever written and King's best book ever!  Read it.  Read it.  Read it.
0684800713|5.0|This book is a snippet of a person's ordinary life. Much like our own day to day lives, it is completely boring except for the people who are living it. Though...<br />Hemingway's writing is so concise, REALISTIC and  to-the-point that it seems more like we are LIVING this book than reading  it, and then it ceases to be boring.<br />And another thing: There's too much  drinking? It's about the lost generation! Of course they drink a lot. Their  lives are going straight to hell, and they're depressed out of their minds.  THEY'RE PATHETIC! What do you expect?
B000002C1Z|5.0|All of the songs are excellent although I had to listen to Dogs a couple of times before I liked it.  Gilmour's guitar playing and Water's songwriting are amazing on this album.  If you liked Wish you were here,  you should like this one as well.
B000007NYS|4.0|I am not big on &quot;country-western&quot; but heard the cut &quot;The Night's Too Long&quot; and was hooked on Williams.  Her voice holds many life-times of pain, joy and sorrow.  I will always be a fan.  I don't think  I have taken this CD off my changer since I bought it.
0684872153|5.0|Frank captures, as he has lived. His human spirit triumphantly surpasses insurmountable odds and lives for the dream.  God bless his soul and the souls of his family.
B00003CWPR|5.0|In this excellent film, Alice &quot;eyes&quot; the big picture...<br />At the party Alice asks Bill if he knows anyone there.  Look again at her eyes when she asks Bill this -- maybe she knows at least one person there --  Nick Nightingale. Bill wants to introduce her to him.  You can see Alice  doesn't want to meet Nick. Look at her eyes.  She says she has to go to the  bathroom, but does she go? <br />Alice knows Nick. <br />Alice's familiarity with  Nick may be logical because in the film's first shot Alice disrobes in a  way similar to the women in the orgy ritual.  (Nick's played piano at  orgies before.) In the first shot a red carpet rug is on the floor and  tennis rackets are nearby.  Two shots later -- Bill is in the same place --  the rug is gone, the lighting is darker (symbolism -- Bill is in the dark  about Alice) and a golfbag, not tennis rackets, are there.  A signal that  the opening shot of Alice might have been her undressing at a time  altogether different from the time she readies herself to go with Bill to  Ziegler's party.  Alice may have been shedding her dress after returning  late one night from a past orgy.  I don't think she was trying on a dress  for the Ziegler party, as if you look again you'll see on the bed all the  &quot;accessories&quot; Alice is taking for the Ziegler bash.  The opening  shot might be of Alice undressing just before Bill returns from his  &quot;journey.&quot;  When you consider that Alice's &quot;dream&quot; is  similar to Bill's &quot;real&quot; orgy adventure, her &quot;dream&quot;  needn't be a dream at all.  (At the end, Bill says to Alice &quot;no dream  is ever just a dream.&quot;)  Alice in her &quot;nightmare&quot; might be  recalling the sex she had at a prior orgy, and presenting it as a nightmare  -- indeed it would be -- to the marriage.  (&quot;I was f****** other  men...!&quot;  Note the cruel juxtaposition of a smiling Alice looking up  at Bill as he thinks the quoted phrase in these parentheses.  What a  moment!)<br />With the mask on the pillow, Alice is forcing Bill to confess to  his &quot;affairs.&quot;  She might welcome Bill having an extramarital  affair -- it may excite her.  She smiles with a hint of relief/approval  when seeing Bill with the models as she dances with Sandor Szavost.  Alice  may have cheated before.  (Szavost says marriage &quot;makes deception a  necessity for both parties.&quot;)  Perhaps Alice believes that having an  extramarital affair &quot;strengthens&quot; the marriage -- at  &quot;Eyes&quot; end, it seems to.  (Alice says of her fantasy with the  naval officer that she would have given up everything, yet at the time her  love for Bill was &quot;both tender and sad&quot; and that Bill was  &quot;dearer than ever.&quot;)   Alice wants Bill to be jealous of her --  it's her &quot;turn-on&quot;.  Alice is angry at Bill when he is not.  (&quot;Why aren't you ever jealous of me?, she shouts.)  It's interesting  to note in the same scene that when Bill says he &quot;would never  lie&quot; to Alice, his eyes are closed. Alice later says, &quot;if you  men....only knew.&quot; Bill doesn't know that Alice might know Nick and  Ziegler from previous orgies. She seems to know Nick -- Nick's been  blindfolded at other orgies and worn the same  suit at the orgy we see as  he wears at the Ziegler party. <br />Alice -- if not at the orgy that Bill was  at -- has attended these orgies before. <br />It's unclear whose mind we are  inside, or whose dream world/reality we inhabit -- Bill's or Alice's. It  would have been good to see Alice more (and not necessarily see more of  Alice -- there's a difference) in &quot;Eyes Wide Shut.&quot;  The film  still works -- better, even (though we'll never know for sure.)  It works  because we see many manifestations of &quot;Alice&quot;.  For example,  Marion -- has &quot;dirty-blonde red&quot; hair, styled like Alice's.  The  topless woman patient Bill examines is a &quot;redhead&quot; -- her hair is  styled like Alice's (note the look the patient gives Bill after he examines  her -- and remember Alice's argument with Bill when she asks whether a  woman patient thinks about Bill and sex when Bill examines her.  Bill says  that &quot;sex is the last thing on this hypothetical woman patient's  mind.&quot;)  Sally is also a &quot;redhead&quot;.  Her hair is styled like  Alice's.  Alice is omnipresent -- either in Bill's subconscious, or in his  dreams.  These &quot;likenesses of Alice&quot; function as a kind of  symbolic womens' intuition -- Alice &quot;knows&quot; Bill is  &quot;cheating&quot; -- every opportunity Bill has to cheat, he does so  with someone who &quot;looks&quot; like Alice, who knows every risk Bill is  taking, risks that could destroy him (Domino's HIV) and the marriage.  Even  with Domino -- who doesn't  resemble Alice -- Bill is  &quot;interrupted&quot; -- by Alice herself!  (Her phone call.) Alice IS  everywhere!  <br />Bill has been searching for a way to &quot;get back&quot;  at Alice but has really been searching for Alice.  Bill's fear of Alice's  &quot;fantasy&quot; affair unleashes a need for discovery (of the  &quot;cheating&quot; opportunities around him) not revenge.  Bill  discovers, and confesses.<br />The mirror scene of Alice and Bill is through  the eyes of Alice -- Alice through the looking glass (by Lewis Carroll!)   We see Bill all the time -- but Alice has her eyes wide open.  She's always  watching him.   One last thing: as Bill journeys to &quot;where the rainbow  ends,&quot; (it ends at Alice -- Bill turns off the Christmas tree lights  in the apartment -- these lights have also been everywhere) note scenes  where a rainbow crescent appears.   Especially when Bill and Sally stand  closely against each other.  On DVD you clearly see the rainbow effect on  Bill's dark suit.
B0000041TD|5.0|Puccini's &quot;La Bohme&quot; (perhaps the most popular opera in the world) has been recorded so frequently it is impossible to select THE best recording.  This 1972 effort, though, must be at or near the top of  anyone's list.  First and foremost there is the magnificent singing of  Freni and Pavarotti in the lead roles - roles which seem to have been made  for them.  Freni's beautiful voice takes soaring flight with Puccini's  melodies.  Her voice is always steady and pure, and with subtle, thoughtful  characterization, she makes this a Mim to remember.  Rodolfo is perhaps  the role to which Pavarotti is best suited (the Duke in  &quot;Rigoletto&quot; is also tailor-made for him).  His smooth, vibrant  lyric tenor makes the most of the glorious long legato melodies that are so  frequent in Puccini's music.  He also characterizes Rodolfo well.  Mim's  death scene is chilling (though I do think his &quot;sobbing&quot; is a bit  ridiculous).  The supporting roles are very well cast, with Rolando Panerai  a witty, characterful Marcello, Elizabeth Harwood a delightful Musetta,  Nicolai Ghiaurov a thoughtful Colline and Gianni Maffeo a good Schaunard.   Herbert von Karajan brings out the best in the Berlin Philharmonic - the  string section produces glorious, shimmering tone, the direction is very  responsive to Puccini's score, and the balance between the orchestra and  singers is perfect - the orchestra is allowed the clarity and power it  deserves, but it never drowns out the singers (as it does in, say,  Karajan's &quot;Butterfly&quot;).  All in all, this is probably the best  recording since Beecham's classic '50's interpretation.  Everyone is likely  to favor many different recordings of this opera, but I can't find any  flaws in this one.
0425107469|5.0|Koontz got me hooked to this book from the first page.  It starts good and ends good.  WATCHERS is gruesome, scary, moving, and exciting.  These are some of the best characters in a book.  THE DOG RULES.  This is by far Dean  Koontz's best book. READ IT.  It's one of the best ever written.
B000021XR5|5.0|I REALLY THINK ANYTHING STP DOES TOGETHER ALWAYS SOUNDS GOOD. THIS CD IS GOOD IN SO MANY WAYS THAT SOME BANDS SEEM TO FORGET. WHICH IS REINVENT YOURSELF.
6303020089|5.0|This is a great and action-packed runaway thriller about an innocent Chicago surgeon named Richard Kimble (Harrison Ford) accused of murdering his loving wife (Sela Ward) and now on the run from the F.B.I. and the  police.  Fleeing through forests and sewers, jumping from dams and braving  the worst conditions ever, Kimble attempts to prove to F.B.I. deputy Samuel  Gerrard (Tommy Lee Jones) and his team (one played by Joe Pantoliano) that  he's innocent, and discovering his friend (Jereon Krabbe) was the actual  killer.  A must-see thriller and a good movie from director Andrew Davis,  with an appearance by Julianne Moore.
6305665796|4.0|Sylvester deliver's a performance of epic proportion's. This movie is great for all member's of the family. It is a great movie that shows strength and the will to overcome. Also the endearing passion to be  accepted into a 12 year old boys life, who was driven apart from his father  because of his grandfathers, passion to be and stay head of the Cutter  household.
6305181772|4.0|The match is lit.  Tom Cruise, Jon Voight, Emanuelle Beart, Ving Rhames, Jean Reno, and Henry Czerny star in a suspenseful film from Paramount Pictures and director Brian De Palma.  It all starts when super agent Ethan  Hunt's (Cruise) I.M.F. team is dramatically killed in a mission in Prague.   When he discovers he was framed, he dives into a whole new level of action  with a new I.M.F. team, with Luther (Rhames) and an Italian (Reno).  Then  he finds out in the center of it all is his former boss of his illflated  original team, Jim Phelps (Voight).  Fleeing from government agents and  C.I.A. assassins, Hunt springs into action in an attempt to stop his former  friend and now evil nemesis Phelps.  Suspenseful and well-done.  Produced  by star Tom Cruise himself along with Paula Wagner.  This hit produced a  sequel, Mission: Impossible 2, made in Australia and directed by John Woo,  which will be released in theatres soon.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I originally bought this CD becuase &quot;Here With Me&quot; is the theme song to a show I watch (&quot;Roswell&quot; check it out, it's an awesome show!)<br />But now that I have the CD, I like all of the songs and listen to  it all the time.
6300214540|5.0|This movie is an awesome hit from director Tony Scott (also directed Beverly Hills Cop, Enemy of the State,and much more) dense with fun and excitement that will keep you FLYING for as long as you like.   Tom Cruise (Days of Thunder, Jerry Maguire, etc.) stars as hotshot fighter jet pilot  &quot;Maverick&quot; Pete Mitchell, who is elected with his partner  &quot;Goose&quot; (Anthony Edwards) to enter the Navy's very competitive  &quot;Top Gun&quot; program, where many comparible opponents challenge him  to win the top rank, including &quot;Iceman&quot; Tom Kusansky (Val Kilmer)  and &quot;Slider&quot; (Russ Rossovich).  Stars Kelly McGillis as  Mitchell's girlfriend, with appearances by Michael Ironside, Clarence  Gilyard Jr., Meg Ryan (as Goose's wife), and Tim Robbins.  A great action  film.
B00004NRWH|5.0|Ive followed these guys for the last two years and I have to say the CD is amazing. If you can get your hands on the other two youd be doing yourselves a favor. Theyre incredible! Especially live!
0767835255|4.0|Harrison Ford, Anne Archer, Glenn Close, and Gary Oldman star in an action-packed hit from Columbia Pictures that flies so high it won't come back down.          Ford stars as U.S. President James Marshall, who boards  Air Force One for a flight, when terrorists (one played by Gary Oldman)  hijack the plane.  Like &quot;Executive Decision&quot;(I recommend you  watch that awesome film) and &quot;Passenger 57&quot; (a cool movie), the  plot revolves around a hijacked plane.  This particular movie is an awesome  adventure and just as good as &quot;Executive Decision&quot; (stars Kurt  Russell and Halle Berry), and to me is even better than &quot;Passenger  57&quot; (stars Wesley Snipes).  Glenn Close plays the female vice  president, and Anne Archer plays the first lady, Marshall's wife.  This  spectacular piece is directed by Wolfgang Petersen, who also directed  &quot;In The Line Of Fire&quot;, an awesome thriller starring Clint  Eastwood, John Malkovich, and Rene Russo.
B000020617|4.0|I bought FF's 2 earlier CDs after hearing TNLTL. The best track for me is &quot;Stacked Actors&quot;.  The worst is &quot;Next Year&quot;.  The first 5 tracks are the best and &quot;MIA&quot; is good too along with  &quot;Headwires&quot; &amp; &quot;Live-In-Skin&quot;.  Their first CD is  so-so. Most of the songs on FF-1 sound the same.  Color &amp; the Shape is  better, but this 3rd one is the best. Well done.
0783216084|5.0|This is the best film of this generation, based upon the novel by author Peter Benchley and directed by the most successful director of our time, Steven Spielberg.<br />    When the small summer island resort town of Amity  is set upon by a twenty-five foot man-eating great white shark, Chief of  Police Martin Brody (Roy Scheider), an old shark hunter named Quint (Robert  Shaw), and ichthyologist Matthew Hooper (Richard Dreyfuss) set off on an  uncharted, desperate quest to destroy the marauding killer embodying three  tons of instantanious white death.  A 100% must-see classic from Universal  Pictures.  If you don't own this movie yet or haven't seen it quite yet  (which I very highly doubt), watch this awesome  thriller!
B000002HHB|4.0|Natalie has a beautiful voice and shows it here. Where this album improves on some of her 10,000 Maniacs material is it's feeling of space.  The music is pared down emphasising the voice. The overall effect is an easier listen  than the sometimes overcluttered earlier work. Which isn't to say that it  hasn't got depth. I've had the album for 4 years and still listen to it a  lot. <br />Lyrically Natalie doesn't tread any new paths for her.  The death  of River Phoenix; California/ Los Angeles is not all it's cracked up to be;  and a mixture of issues Natalie wants our attention to be drawn to in her  trademark unsubtle way.  <br />When I first listened to this it seemed a bit  bland, the gentle beauty and careful crafting of the album comes out only  after a few listens. There are four of Natalie's best songs on this. The  sombre, moving 'River', 'Carnival', 'Wonder'  and wistful 'Where I go'.  These are worth the price of the album alone which is just as well because,  for me, the other tracks don't reach the same heights.
6304432488|4.0|Bruce Willis, Jeremy Irons, and Samuel L. Jackson star in the third installment of the successful &quot;Die Hard&quot; saga.<br />  New York detective John McClane (Bruce Willis) has finally returned home to the Big  Apple and has settled back into his big-city crime-stopping life.  Then  Simon Gruber (Jeremy Irons), also named Peter Krieg, comes to Manhattan,  and this time its &quot;with a vengeance&quot;, seeking revenge from the  man that killed his brother Hans in the original &quot;Die Hard&quot;,  McClane.  This time he's brought himself a whole load of bombs, and he's  planted them all over the city.  After being kicked off the police force,  McClane teams up with a civilian, Zues Carver (Samuel L. Jackson), in a  desperate try to stop the man seeking vengeance for his terrorist brother's  death and turning New York City into burned French toast.    There is to me  only one down side to this action-packed adventure: after an improvement in  his marriage with Holly Gennaro, he is divorced in this film.  Why after so  much improvement?  But that doesn't stop this awesome thriller from getting  a good rating from me.  This is a good piece of material from original  &quot;Die Hard&quot; director John McTiernan.
B000002U82|5.0|...but the sun is eclipsed by the moon...
1573226521|5.0|There are a good many things I want to say about Alex Garland's first novel...It was a very interesting read, but how could it be compared to &quot;Lord of the Flies&quot;? &quot;Lord of the Flies&quot; is a book I  dislike very much, and the only thing these two books have in common is the  part when a bunch of people go to an island paradise and become violent in  the end. I don't think &quot;The Beach&quot; is too slow a novel, as one  customer wrote in their review, but I do have to admit that parts of it,  especially one part towards the end, made me lose my interest. I don't  understand, though, why the people want to live permanently on a little  island. I don't understand what it is with Mr. Duck. Is he dead and just in  Richard's imagination, a spirit? Did some of the events in this book have  hidden meanings in them, like Sten being killed, the phosphorescence? I  like the unique way, though, that Garland kept the book long but almost  completely interesting. That's certainly a talent not many people are  gifted with. I'm a little challenged with how to write a review for such a  complex book. This is a confusing yet really good book, and if you don't  mind long novels, you really really ought to read this one.
B000021Y77|5.0|Hello readers, Just last week I saw this movie in my English class! I believe it's the best movie I've ever seen. Even though it's a subtitle movie it's easy to follow. It's filled with adventure and suspense. I'm  sure everyone has had that feeling of &quot;deja-vu&quot; or if you asked  yourself &quot;If I only did it this way,what would happen now?&quot;  well,that's basically what the movie is about! It's unpredictable and it's  worth watching!
B00000DATR|2.0|Mike Oldfield is really one of a kind, but this albume is Mike trying to please the &quot;House&quot; &amp; &quot;Dance&quot; audience... I hope his next release will have the qualities of the older albums...
B00000JXV7|3.0|You will want to watch this film all the way through. Sandra Bullock is great as a free-spirited girl who is thrown together with Ben Affleck who is on his way to be married. A series of mishaps (&quot;nature&quot;).  keeps them together through most of the story. It's one of those love-hate  movies. You love Sandra and Ben together, being alternately funny and  serious. You hate the fact that he goes on to marry the girl who has  absolutely no character development in the plot. And then they get preachy  about how marriage is &quot;safer&quot; than being single. No kidding.    For the great acting of Sandra Bullock and the fun scenes with Affleck,  you might watch it again.
0517255464|5.0|You are getting alot in this book! George Bridgman  is the master at constructive anatomy. If you are taking or want to take a lifedrawing course, get this book! It is invaluable for visualizing human anatomy as  3dimensional shapes! I am an animator and find this book indispensable -  especially for doing gestures and quick studies!
B000020617|5.0|I really liked Nirvana's first album, but never really got into the Foo Fighters enough to check out an album.   This time, though, since I plan to see them with the Red Hots April 11th, I thought I would see what their  latest sounds like. So far, listening to the CD has had the complete  opposite effect on me than the negative reviewer below.   Everytime I  listen to it, I enjoy it more, and like someone else mentioned, you can  really listen to the whole album without getting bored with parts.   The  only exception might be &quot;Learn to Fly&quot;, because that really has  been played to death.    Songs that I hope will not be snuffed out by radio  and MTV overplay (among the others) are &quot;Stacked Actors&quot;,  &quot;Gimme Stitches&quot;, and &quot;Generator&quot;.  But then, maybe I  need to stop watching TV and only listen to NPR to avoid the inevitable  commercialization of good music.
6305426651|5.0|An amazing, emotional and beautifully filmed movie has popped off the screen as one of the best movies I have ever seen.  The tragic story of a man and his sacrifice to have his child's life remain a good one, even  after the horrible camps in where the Jews are sent during the Holocaust.   Benigni is absolutley astounding and his final march stayed in my head for  a very long time.  WARNING:  This movie will probably make you cry.  Don't  hide it!
B00003CX59|4.0|Finally, a &quot;horror&quot; movie with properly done effects and scenes, and with a quite good story which, unlike most movies in the genre, is not just an excuse for making a movie.<br />I put &quot;horror&quot; between  inverted commas because it is not really that chilly.<br />And it takes on  some of the clichs of the genre as well.<br />But the effects are perfect and  nearly credible, the acting is brilliant, and the story is OK. So, compared  to the standards of this kind of movie, Sleepy Hollow is the best one in  several years!
0375408282|2.0|The New York Times Book Review describes &quot;The Reader&quot; as &quot;moving, suggestive and ultimately hopeful.&quot; While I do concede that &quot;The Reader&quot; is partially suggestive, I did not find it to  be in any way moving or hopeful.  Perhaps there was something lost in the  translation (isn't there always?) but I found the novel to be ultimately   disjointed.  My main dislike of the novel was the lack of chemistry between  Hanna and Michael.  It was unfathomable to me that certain people described  it as a love story.  Where is the love, the chemistry, the connections?   Furthermore, I was not at all empathetic towards Hanna, in fact I found her  to be a very poorly drawn character.  I cannot understand why anyone would  go to jail to keep their illiteracy a secret.  The novel is set in the  context of the Holocaust, and the biggest &quot;secret&quot; of all is  illiteracy?  Please.  Although I did enjoy some of Michael's philosophic  musings, they were not fleshed out, and the disjointed language made them  hard to understand. As to the length, just because a book is short doesn't  mean the author has poetically reduced the information to the bare  essentials--it may simply mean the author either didn't have the time or  the desire to resolve any of the questions being posed.  Unfortunately,  that's how I ended up feeling about &quot;The Reader&quot;--lots of valid  questions, no answers and no characters to care about.
B00002MZ12|2.0|I will still recommend Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie in stead of Jagged Little Pill or this MTV Unplugged.<br />The good thing is, Alanis moderates her exaggerated semi-angry singing of her older songs on this  bootleg.<br />The less good thing is, this takes the soul out of her better  songs as well.<br />And becomes a plain performance, without any heights.  Though pleasant enough for Alanis fans.
B00000IPAX|4.0|I think its unfair to say that blink 182 sold out with this album.  i mean it is a different sound from the rest of the albums they made but they are allowed to experiment musicaly.  And about going on jay leno...dude lighten  up and take the stick out of your uhhh well you know.  if you had the  chance to be on jay leno you would do it to!
B000009QPO|5.0|This is a fabulous CD. The songs are amazing and  the performances are from the heart. The first track, &quot;Waiting for the Sun,&quot; was the first song I'd ever heard by the Jayhawks, and I was just blown away. The  recordings have a perfectly-realized quality about them comparable to the  Beatles or Neil Young. There's a perfect balance between raw edginess and  studio refinement.
0451169514|5.0|It by Stephen King is perhaps one of the 10 best works of literature in the past 50 years.  Stephen does not just write a story, he writes a whole iinterseting world for readers to encompass chapter by chapter.  Please by  this book!
B00000BKDW|5.0|This is an awesome album, and IMHO their best. From the opening speedy riffage of Aces High to the amazingly great fantastic couldn't be better if you tried masterpiece of a closer Rime of the Ancient Mariner, this CD  rocks hard. The traditional Maiden gallop is back at full throttle, Steve's  bass lines are as crazy and prominent as ever, Nicko's drums are truly  insane, and of course, the fantastic vocals of the Air Raid Siren (Bruce  Dickinson for the uninitiated) are just as...whatever they usually are.  People who say metal is dead and that Nirvana (I'm trying to be general,  but Nirvana? ) is the best are obviously not looking at the musical scope  today. Metal is alive and well and Maiden is releasing a new CD in May or  June, and Nirvana and the rest of the grunge scene are... well I'm sure you  all know about THAT little trend. Anyway, just the fact that Maiden can  consistently sell their back catalog shows the growth of their fan base  even today. Look at how many people came online in the year 2000 to review  an album released in 1984. If that doesn't show the longevity of metal  music and its refusal to die, I don't know what does. This is a great album  and deserves to be called a classic. Any CD collection without Powerslave  is probably that of a Ricky Martin fan. If you don't have it, go buy it,  you won't be disappointed (unless you're a Ricky Martin fan, in which case  I could care less if you are disappointed).
B000007T1M|5.0|To be brief, they are an Armenian version of &quot;Rage Against The Machine&quot;.  VERY GOOD STUFF!
B000031XCR|5.0|I've been a Celine fan ever since 1996, and this is my favorite CD. I have all of her English albums and this one is probably the best! Celine has one of the most beautiful voices in the world. She can really move you with her  voice and she sings EVERY song with her heart. All The Way... A Decade of  Song is what a Greatest Hit Album is ALL about!  With all of her old hits  from, &quot;The Power Of Love&quot;, to the love song of the decade,&quot;  My Heart Will Go On &quot;, and finally to her new hit ,&quot;That's The  Way It Is&quot;,... All The Way... A Decade of Song is probably the best CD  around!
0064400557|5.0|I think Charlotte's Web is one of the best books I have everread. I love this book so much, that I have read it six times. I thinkthat the book deserves unlimited stars because all the characters are special in their own way. Even Templeton the rat who naver did anything for anybody unless there was something in it for himself. You don't have to love animals to like this book.
6305750750|5.0|Star Wars Episode I was a special effects marvel and meshed perfectly with the other SW movies. Jar-jar Binks may have been a little excessive, but provided some comic relief to a very dramatic plot. As with the rest of the  SW movies, when taken together, the sum of the whole is greater than the  parts and this movie is well worth inclusion in your video collection.
B000005Z0E|1.0|I dug His Anger about The Problems Facing Brothers&amp;All but the Music was Super Wack.and the only Gem is Brenda's Got A Baby.He Would Get Better with the Music&amp;the Words.but this Album Compared To Ice Cube's  Amerikkka's Most Wanted is Tame.he was going for the same vibe&amp;results  but he comes up empty except for Brenda's.
B000007T1M|5.0|Serj Tankian is just a completely whacky singer... I'm not sure what he was smoking when he sung the 13 songs on this CD!  But there's incredible variety to the songs... I just love it!  The music's pretty hard... but  just sit back and enjoy the music.  There's some screaming and stuff that  some might like, but Tankian never sings the same way for more than a  minute so there's not a whole lot to worry about.  You really should buy  this or the import with extra tracks, to support music that's actually  GOOD!  It's so sad that the most popular music is just plain awful  (Backstreet mostly sell CDs because they're &quot;hot&quot; and they're  lyrics are kind of catchy though they're in no way good music).  Oh, and I  love how political they are, I liked that in Rage Against The Machine too  but don't really like Rage's music that much.
B00000IL1K|5.0|Sarah Brightman's angelic voice soars well above the range and ability of most soprano operatic performers of the past. With this in mind, her talent and vocal abilities will decidedly continue to fill our hearts and heads  with the utmost in this realm of music. Exquisite musical quality is found  throughout this performers repertoire.
B00004NRWH|5.0|this cd is awesome just simply electrifying the guitar riffs are amazing they have a combo ov different sounds ranging from silverchair from creed to even junkhouse wow i love this cd they are verry grungy type of music  and very good to &quot;old enough&quot; and &quot;leader of men&quot;  arevery good songs these guys play from the hart and if you like that than  buy this cd
0790729725|5.0|Come on.  This is an American classic and it's not just for mob film fans.  Joe Pesci in his finest performance.  DeNiro is equally great.  Most importantly though, is Ray Liota as Henry.  You really feel his story.  You  feel his childhood fascination with the Wiseguys, you feel his rise in the  Mob, and you feel his descent.  And Scorsese's direction is unbelievable.
0375703764|2.0|...but I really wanted to like this book. For the first hundred pages, the story was truly frightening and interesting, but the shifts between Zampano's and Truant's accounts, and the endless footnotes, were way too  much for me. The story of the house probably would have been much better if  written in a more traditional manner, as would the story of both Truant and  Zampano if written on their own.<br />I think this book is a good case of an  author trying too hard, and would like to see the author try again. Next  time the attempt should be a little less &quot;trendy&quot; and should just  try to relate a strong, interesting story.
B00000DGRX|5.0|Wow !  ... Never mind that this is one of the best recordings of the modern rock era ... What a terrific job of remastering !  This recording will simply blow you away !  &quot;Smoke On The Water&quot; and  &quot;Highway Star&quot; have never sounded better !  Why can't all  remastering be of this calibre ?  Don't waste your time or money with one  of those &quot;ordinary&quot; recordings of this classic ... Buy this one  without giving it a second thought !  Deep Purple rules again !  ...
B00001ZWTS|1.0|I think that it's not a comedy it is a cheezy sci-fi western adventure filmco-starring Kevin Kline. Why Bother not by enjoying it here I don't care really. My favorite has to be Men In Black with Smith and Tommy Lee  Jones. Now there's some excellent special effects and over the top  hilarious laughter in that one!
B000009CEM|5.0|Obsolete is the greatest album ever made. Fear Factory is the greatest band ever. Great processed sound. I love it.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|I have been a rage fan from the beginning. When i heard Ratm(self titled) in 92 .I was blown away. When i heard Evil Empire in 96 , it didn't click in like the original. But once it set in , i couldn't help but listen to it  night and day , on the hour , every hour. This one is no exception. If you  don't own this album yet. You should be ashamed, do yourself a  favor.......BUY IT!  Then do your neighborhood  a favor............ PLAY IT  LOUD!
0688062334|5.0|I really enjoyed the book.  I thought that is was one of the best I have read in years.  Diana Wynne Jones writes these books so well.  You almost feel like you are in the story.  Sophie and Howl are so funny.  It was neat how when she was old she had more corage to do the things she wanted to do.  Howl and his hair!  It was fun the way he colored his hair ginger and  pulled a tantrum.
6303398480|2.0|i can't say that this film was bad or good. it fell right on the borderline. i don't know why i bothered to see it.
B000001EXR|1.0|This album is a real embarrassment in the Kiss catalog.  There are plenty of GREAT Kiss albums, this one can be avoided.
6303985467|5.0|this film is incredible. it's so eerie and frightening and it obviously had a tiny budget. definitely one of a kind. it reminds me of occurrence at owl creek bridge by ambrose beirce.
B000002G8J|5.0|After picking this one up on used vinyl a while back, I had to have it on CD.  Great album for kicking back with a cold one, or spending time with your girlfriend.  I like 'Watch Out For Lucy' best, but the whole album  moves me.
6305609691|5.0|i love this movie but i really think something was missing. it was supposed to be a movie of heart of darkness but it turned into a movie on the realities of vietnam. still a great movie though.
B000023VR6|4.0|First off, I love the fact that there's 22 tracks.  They might not all be good, but in a world of 11 track pop &quot;albums&quot;, this one stands out like Eminem's Slim Shady LP before it.  I bet most of you guys are  gonna buy this for Forgot About DRE, the catchiest piece of Rap since  Naughty by Nature's JAMboree and 2PAC's Changes.  It's a great song, and if  you buy it based on that, you'll be satisfied with the rest.  Before I go  any further, I have to say that you must enjoy DRE's smooth delivery that  accents Eminem's non-stop kiddie voice style to fully enjoy the album.   Now, the best songs on this CD, besides FAD, are Still D.R.E., The Watcher,  which is dedicated to DRE's baby bro who was killed by gunshot,The Message,  and my absolute fav and the likely 3rd single, What's the Difference?   Xzibit is somewhat of a find for DRE, because of his rough-voiced yet fluid  delivery.  There's alotta guestes on the CD, but you always know that DRE's  presence is there.  One of the best rap releases of 99, still one of the  best in 2000.
6302759110|4.0|this film is very good and it follows the book much better than the bela lugosi classic. the scene with the dumping of blood in the bedroom was unnecessary as well as lucy ripping her nightgown at every opportunity, but  it's still quite good. the special effects are very eerie and very well  done.
B00000JCOV|5.0|Not a single song on the face of the planet can claim that it is enjoyed by every soul on the planet. These reviewers who have nothing better to do than bad mouth a band or album because it doesn't suit their taste are  waisting the time of the people fooled into reading the reviews, and the  time of Amazon.com. <br />Now, SLIPKNOT is an interesting band. I can best  describe them as a cross between the speed of punk bands such as OFFSPRING,  but with the force and energy of a hardcore metal band like PANTERA or even  KORN's harder songs. It is not for the meek. Every song is dominated by  fast guitar rifts and highly flucuated vocals. The band has three drummers  and a little keyboard work to throw into the mix. At times the music seems  over-bearing. However, when you take the time to actually listen to the  songs and let their energy flow through your body, you learn to appreciate  this intensity. In relation to other bands, it really blows a lot of music  clear out of the water. From the opening track SIC to SCISSORS, the album's  energy and speed never faulter. <br />SLIPKNOT sounds the best, when they  break down into singing rather than screaming. I prefer the screaming  personaly, but I have to admit that when the more traditional singing  starts, the band really starts to rock. I expect their next album to  contain more songs such as Wait and Bleed since that seems to be their most  popular song from this album.<br />So, in conclusion, If you are a fan of pure  unadultarated violence and ragful music, this is right up your ally. If  not, then maybe you would prefer something more docile like STAIND.
B000021Y7X|5.0|I saw this movie in a theatre in Phila, PA in 1984 and was enthralled. When the album was released, I bought it. As soon as the VHS came out, I bought it too. When I got around to buying a CD player, I bought it again.  Now it's on DVD and yup, I bought that too! Rest assured, I will buy  whatever the future media may be!<br />This is the best music movie ever made.  The sound is outstanding and the performance is terrific.<br />I do have one  negative comment though. It's too short! They should have included every  song the band ever did. 19 songs just isn't enough.
B00000099Y|5.0|Okay, I bought this album expecting that I wouldn't like it, I've never listened to tool before. Anyway, all I can say (actually I could say a lot, but I'm not going to) is that it is very, very good. I won't go on saying  it rules and wow dude amazing, cause that won't help. But it's just really  really good! i wouldn't call it heavy metal though, just hard rock.  definentely buy it!
B00002DE0S|5.0|I understand very well why so many reviewers hate this recording, but I understand even more and sympathize with everybody who finds Zimerman's new Chopin release fascinating (to say the least). An impulse (patriotic duty?  I am Polish) made me buy this disc and it was one of the most inspired  choices in my CD buyers &quot;career&quot; (I buy a lot!). Zimerman  resuscitated my fading sympathy for these two marvellous pieces of music -  I simply heard too much of Chopin's piano concerti in my life and no  recording - new or old - was able to give me just a grain of excitement  needed for enjoyment. Zimerman's Chopin was shocking, but it woke me up! I  don't care if it distorts or not the composer's intentions - what do we  know about Chopin's intentions anyway? If it distorts the Chopin in our  heads - that's even better! With  music-making of such dedication and  technical accomplishment, every &quot;distortion&quot; of any composer's  intentions is very welcome!
B000002J27|4.0|Very good! Dance on a Volcano and robbery, Assault, and Battery are thrilling!
630575067X|1.0|Thank goodness I rented it before I bought it.  While the CGI creations were very impressive they were unable to compensate for a dull and lifeless film.  Despite the presence of both Ewan McGregor and Liam Neeson (both of  whom are genuinely wonderful performers) the acting was wooden at best.   The kid who played AS was truely dreadful. Halfway through the film I  realised that &quot;Farscape&quot; the television series, was a far better  choice for SCIFI veiwing than this billion dollar mess.
B000002J1S|3.0|This is a cool album! The best songs are The Lamb lies Down on Broadway, Cuckoo Cucoon, The grand Parade of Lifeless Packaging, Counting out Time, and Lilywhite Lilith!
B000002U82|5.0|This album is a Pink Floyd classic.  This is where psychadelia reaches its peak, both lyrically and musically.  How can anyone say that the content is not musically and lyrically immaculate.  &quot;It's not catchy,&quot; you are listening to the wrong genre then try the banal Backstreet boys or  someother mainstream trendy band.  Floyd's guitars are amazing, touching  the very heights of perfection, the drumming is amazing, Roger Water's  bassing is awesome as usual, there is not way that this album is trite, far  from it.  The lyrics, talking about various drug trips, and the rise of  consumerism, Floyd predicted the current pathetic state of this world. I  recommend this album to anyone who has some respect for creative genius and  good music.
0440234743|1.0|As I have read other reviews of this book (and I've never commented on a book before, but this was so bad, I had to) I am amazed at how some people reviewed this book with 5 stars.  This book was pathetic - and I loved A  Time to Kill, The Firm, and especially The Pelican Brief.  Grisham can do  much better than this book.  The characters have zero depth, and you don't  get a chance to care about them - even the hero and heroine are pretty  weak.  Many good story lines within  the book are never explored to their  fullest extent.  The jungle portions of the story went on forever, I  thought this book would never end.
6305265488|5.0|How anyone could dislike this movie is beyond me. Anjelica Huston is a perfect stepmother, and Drew Barrymore is one of the best young actresses of our generation. Bravo!
6305627401|5.0|Since Blair Witch and The Haunting remake were my worst movies of 1999, what could possibly be my favorite?  Only the most scathing and hysterical musical about the insanity of censorship ever made.  A satire within a  satire, South Park: BLU is genuinely brilliant.  Disguised as a musical,  this movie has our four little potty-mouths (who are closer to wisdom than  most parents I know) going to see a forbidden Canadian R-rated cartoon and  learning even MORE evil combinations of letters, making their mothers  declare war on Canada.  I WILL show this movie to my son when he's 15 and  you can't do a THING about it!  I want him to know that dirty words are  grounds for capital punishment, but pure uncut violence is an American way  of life (he's got to be ready for this sort of hypocracy, don't you  think?).  Anyway, the songs alone are such well-crafted mutilations of  musical showstoppers that I think I can go back to Broadway again.  While  you're running away screaming from this movie, your kids are watching it  and learning just how ugly you really are.  Truth is indeed offensive.  Go  back to your cop shows and pretend this movie never happened.  Note to  Eddie Murphy: THIS is how fart jokes should be done.  Stone and Parker  wanted to shock the studio, but they ended up delivering a movie that  guarantees to totally offend anyone who lives to be offended.  I was  horrified only once - when I realized that more parents would be offended  by the language than the grisly depiction of the actual combat with the  Canadians.  This is more than a depraved cartoon - it's a profound message  that NOBODY will want to hear.  That makes it 13 years ahead of its time.   My son and this movie will, hopefully, still be around - maybe by then it  will make sense.
0312867123|5.0|It looks like some science fiction fans here are looking for books with straightforward heroes and villains ... I suppose they acquired their taste for SF from TV and movies. Sawyer writes the kind of SF that ADULTS can  enjoy, with complex characters who are neither all good nore all bad, who  are at war with themselves as much as any external antagonist. FLASHFORWARD  (why does the cover say FLASH FORWARD when the title page says  FLASHFORWARD?) is a perfect expample. Lloyd Simcoe is warring with his  belief that the future is immutable; Theo P. (can't remember how to spell  the Greek last name) is warring with his contrasting belief that the future  can be changed. Yes there is conflict between the characters, but the real  conflict is internal and for my money, it is drawn very convincingly, in  mature, adult terms. If you're looking for white hats and black hats, try  someone other than Sawyer. If you're looking for SF as serious literature,  Sawyer, Russell, Robinson and a few others are the ones to try --- and  FLASHFORWARD is an excellent book to start with.
B00001QEBQ|5.0|Mulan is personally one of my favorite Disney animated films. From what I understand, the majority of this film was created at the Walt Disney World animation studio. Those boys in Florida sure know what they're doing!  Everything clicks with this film! The animation is (of course) second to  none, the characters have more than one dimension to them, humor is  injected at the all the right moments (Mushu is priceless!) &amp; the  musical numbers as well as Jerry Goldsmith's  score are all excellent! Buy  this title...if you're a fan of Disney animation, you won't be  disappointed!
630575067X|5.0|I have now seen this movie 5 times and I loved it more and more every time I saw it! Just watch the movie and enjoy the great story! My favorite part of the movie was the fact that I made connections with the characters from episode 1 to 4,5, and 6. It was great!  END
B00001QEBQ|5.0|Mulan is personally one of my favorite Disney animated films. From what I understand, the majority of this film was created at the Walt Disney World animation studio. Those boys in Florida sure know what they're doing!  Everything clicks with this film! The animation is (of course) second to  none, the characters have more than one dimension to them, humor is  injected at the all the right moments (Mushu is priceless!) &amp; the  musical numbers as well as Jerry Goldsmith's  score are all excellent! Buy  this title...if you're a fan of Disney animation, you won't be  disappointed!
0385333846|5.0|One of those books where after you read it you look at your copy and wonder how something of such power could be put on paper.  Through Billy Pilgrim's experience with the aliens of Tralfamadore which take the reader  to-and-fro various parts of Billy's life, you'll see that this book isn't  so much about war but about how life gets caught up in war.  Very offbeat  book with loads of great parts, both sad and funny.  <br />Through Billy  Pilgrim, an unfit soldier who had a horrible and embarrasing experience in  WWII, Vonnegut paints a keen portrait of life.  Like all Vonnegut books,  this one has a load of great characters, including my favorite Vonnegut  character Kilgore Trout (you gotta love his stories).  Many of the  characters are startlingly close to life.  Soom good and some bad.  Some  make you see how rotten people can be, others make you see how wonderful (I  know far too many Paul Lazzaros and far too few Elliot Rosewaters).   <br />When Vonnegut writes from a first-person point of view, the character is  narrating, and that's all there is to it.  But when Vonnegut writes from a  third-person point of view, it's not just narrated, Vonnegut makes sure you  know that he himself is narrating, and he's writing this book.  This book  is third-person, and (as in Vonnegut's Breakfast of Champions) Kurt shows  up in the pages.  It really works well with this one.  It cements this  book's sense of reality when it could so easily float away (the plot does,  after all, hinge around aliens in flying saucers).
6305750750|5.0|I dont care what everybody says. This movie is great. I saw it 14 times in the theater and everytime with my star wars t-shirt on. Anybody who doesnt like this movie can go and %&amp;/%&quot;!.
B00001NFCY|5.0|I have listened to creed for about 9 months now and the passion for there music has never died. Along with the passion and heart givin into the making of both albums,(my own prison, and human clay). Say I, was not a  song I payed attention to a week ago, now I spend atleast 3 hours listening  to it over the net.    &quot;Human Clay&quot; has an extreme spot in my  ears. Higher, the first song I heard, from TITAN AE, the movie coming out,  was the best hit I ever heard till I heard &quot;Say I&quot;. Say I is the  best song I have ever heard. The emotion used in the lyrics made it the  best.     In short, I would give this CD 10 stars, but I caint go that  high.
B00000K19E|5.0|This movie is very exciting and the special effects are great!  I am willing to see it over and over again without getting bored one bit!
038097617X|5.0|This book was along the lines of Bridget Jones - it is so funny!  It is written honestly and open.  Great book!
6305470464|4.0|I always appreciate true ensemble movies and the cast in this is particularly good.  The interwoven storylines meant even if one aspect didn't appeal, the whole movie could.  Gillian Anderson, Angelina Jolie,  Ryan Philippe, and Jon Stewart were particularly good.  Their stories spoke  of realistic romance.  And I cared.  Some of the other storylines were of  less interest.  But these for actors made up for that admirably and I was  charmed.
6302767741|2.0|This movie was entertaining, but I must admit I wanted to see it because Tony Slattery was in it. His acting really surprised me because I always  thought of him a clown, but I can now see that he is capable of a strong  performance. I enjoyed this movie.
B00000DLUV|5.0|This is the only recording I posess by the Beegees and had to have it after seeing their &quot;One Night Only&quot; concert on TV.  I'm 69 years old but enjoy the Beegees immensely.
1558803688|3.0|If you like music like the old classic stuff then you will like this music.
630575067X|5.0|I just don't understand it. Hasn't ANYONE known someone JUST like Jar-Jar? Come on! Is it his klutzness or are people just not ready for CG character yet? I donno. But I thought he was great, the script was great, and the  plot was good.
B000005HFH|5.0|Although I borrowed my title from a well known Bill Evans album, I think it reflects well on Chet.  So memorable and powerful is his image as the James Dean of the 50's Jazz scene, it was worked into the movie L.A.  Confidential.  Although considered more for his playing ability, Chet shows  the best of his soulful vocal style here, and the CD sound quality is  outstanding.  My father bought me this album several years ago before I  permanently acquired his copy.  Since then, I have turned many people onto  Chet thru this very album.  I enjoy jazz very much and have many Chet Baker  albums, but somehow this one is always in the CD player.
B000002KD9|5.0|This man is a true genius and probably one of the most creative songwriters of the 70's. Songs like &quot;After the Gold Rush&quot;, &quot;Southern Man&quot;, and &quot;Don't let it Bring You Down&quot; are  original and contain powerful messages of love, politics, and depression.   A must own album.
B00001ZWTS|4.0|To enjoy this movie you need to suspend disbelief and go along for the wild ride. It is a fun, fantastical film. Just sit back, relax, and watch for the fun of it.
0783239955|5.0|Once again, a foreign film seems to top any American one of the time!  This masterpeice is filled with comic irony like none I've ever seen. An elitist with a passion for making &quot;idiots&quot; the source of his  weekly entertainment at dinner parties, finds that he no longer gets the  last laugh when &quot;his idiot&quot; makes him the source of the  entertainment.  The laughs never end in this soon-to-be classic, where one  better review his own short-comings before those of others!
B00000J7RZ|1.0|Like most males, we were attracted to Jennifer Lopez's album by her sexy body and her so-so acting ability. Unfortunately, her singing ability falls short of any type of talent. The CD is full of boring,sappy love songs that  Jennifer fails to communicate to her audience. The rest of her songs such  as &quot;Let's get Loud &quot; and &quot;it's not that serious &quot; are  just bad songs to begin with. &quot; Let's get Loud&quot; is a horrible  interpetation on spanish music and would probably sound better sung by  Gloria Esfain(sp).&quot;No me ames&quot; happens to be the better the song  on the CD, thanks to Marc Anthony who carries the song so much passion that  Jennifer fails to do. I know most of you will probably dismiss this review,  but the truth is the truth: Jennifer Lopez just can't sing! I really tried  to like this album, but Jennifer lack of talent and songwriting skills  ruined it for me. Sorry, Jennifer! Stick to acting.
6305750750|3.0|For those who are curious why it is VHS only, the reason is that Lucas won't release ANY Star Wars movies on DVD until all six are done and complete.  I assume because they will then have a six DVD set with extra  goodies etc.  So you DVD fans will have to wait till probably 2005.   :-(<br />Lucas sold out for this movie.  The other movies were made for  teenagers and adults.  This movie was made for children.  There is waaay to  much comedy in it.  Portman did a terrible job acting and the main bad  guy's costumes (trade federation) looked terrible.  And they couldn't scare  a mouse.<br />Episode II will be better.  Lucas learned his lesson on this  one.
B000002AGE|5.0|This album literally speaks to musicians. This is one fine example of \\"monster pickers\\" playing their hearts out. This album has inspired me as a musician since I owned my first copy on vinyl. The Juggler  is conclusive evidence that Pastorius was the greatest bassist who ever  twitched. A real must have for any serious musician or music fan.
0440234743|4.0|I liked the way this book went from a busy hectic life to a simple but yet hectic life in Corumba.  The author made me feel like I was right with Nate in the jungle as well as DC.  I felt it was worth reading and enjoyed the  ending.
B000001Y2U|5.0|I think Marilyn Manson, the entire band are just incredible composers and make great music with awesome lyrics, and this album proves that completely. All of his albums are completely different from one another,  and it's good to be variable. But this CD is totally incredible, crazy  sounds and crazy lyrics, its almost like a story that he tells with every  song. You could listen to it over and over because you discover new sounds  and everything everytime you hear it.
B000002H6C|5.0|Anger. Rage. Antisocial. Anti-just about everything this album is. Whoever calls Led Zeppelin the greatest metal band of all time is simply brain dead. Zeppelin was NOT a metal band, and when they would get into a  progressive groove, they sounded dull and arrogant. Zep was   great, but at  least Metallica never got sued for ripping off other people's riffs (does  Whole Lotta Love ring a bell?)  And Justice for All got a little too prog  at times, but is never boring, and when you break down the song structures,  how they forced all the parts to fit perfectly is just a tiny demonstration  of their supreme talent and skill level. In comparision with Puppets, both  share the energy level and attitude. Justice however, has more focus in  it's content of expressing rage. Hetfield's guitar tone is simply the be  all and end all of metal guitar sound. Lars Ulruch's drumming is masterful,  and propelled other great metal drumming styles like the great Vinnie Paul.  Hammett's lead work while a bit short of his best, is still amazing  considering his time frame (hey, you try to put tracks down on an album  like this in 8 days, 16 hours a day). For true heartfelt anger with a real  sense on real everyday life, there is no album heavier than this, you all  know the songs so I wont bother to get into them in detail. One, Blackened,  and Dyers Eve are obvious classics, but the title track, and The Frayed  Ends of Sanity are golden as well. Actually, all the songs are great, BUT  THE PRODUCTION, AAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGHHHHHH! . It's relly not Newstead's  fault the bass can't be heard. The duo of Hetfield and Ulrich (like  Waters/Gilmour or Lennon/McArtney)tightly controlled this disc, and  Newstead sufferes because of that by being forced to mimic James's rythym  parts and drowned out by the guitars and drums. In closing, if you ever got  screwed in a court case, fed up with politics, seriously distrust the  government, have an issue with anger management, or just love superhumanly  intelligent thrash metal,trust me, get this album. Would I lie to all you  good people? I think not.
B00000J7J4|3.0|I am not a long time Santana listener, so I can't comment on how it compares with his other stuff.  Still, I thought it was an OK album.  I have heard better, but I hav heard a lot worse as well.  The only  &quot;song&quot; that really needed to be dumped was the rap one(rap is NOT  music!).  Also, Smooth, while OK is not the best one on there.  African  Bamba, Lights on, a few other are much better, and have not been played on  the radio wayyy too many times.  Again; I do not usually listen to this  type of music (Mettalica and other metal groups are more my speed), so I  cannot compare it to his other stuff, but for chrissakes, don't complain  that a musician changes.  So, to reiterate, you won't be too dissapointed,  but you won't be tooo pleased either.  I'd wait to get it as a gift, and  not shell out the cash.
B000002LFZ|5.0|Fleetwood Mac makes rock and roll timeless, this album is no exception. The best of thier earlier rock is captured in this compilation, taking the listener to a spot where the memories come flooding back with each and  every song.  Although I always await for new songs with thier recent  reformation, I can't help but hold a spot in my heart for the early music  that made Fleetwood Mac what they are today.... classic.
B00003CXAT|3.0|Steven Spielberg masterfully conveyed primeval terror in his 1993 mega-hit, Jurassic Park. Fortunetly, I read the Michael Crichton's novel in anticipation of seeing the movie. If Steven Spielberg's rendition is also  among his weakest stories, it is because he did not remain true to the  Michael Crichton novel -- a masterfully told story of mankind's *real*  terror: human greed.
0684803356|5.0|No book has had as powerful an effect on me as this one. I have never read as effective a treatment of loyalty; love; fear; courage. When I reached the last page, after Jordan's injury forces him to leave his love Maria to  carry on and he must await his death from the pursuing Fascists, he lies in  the pine-scented forest (I can still smell it), lining up his rifle on the  leader of the soldiers, the pine-needles pricking through his shirt as he  lay, he waited for the officer to enter the sunlit area ... when I read  this I wept. A tremendous, heartstopping novel.
B00003CXB6|1.0|Good special effects. However, to this reader, it is blatently obvious that Michael Crichton's novel, The Lost World, lays ground work for Spielberg's version of Jurassic Park. The contrived novel attempts to  repair Spielberg's mistelling of the original novel with a few threads  relating to the real terror in the original novel: human greed -- there is  a humorous demise in store for the mastermind of the original story's  industrial epionage. Sadly, Steven Spielberg again reduces Michael  Crichton's attempt to tell a story in favor of Spielberg's version of  Godzilla.
6305750750|2.0|It's been said hundreds of times in earlier reviews, but I'm still going to say this: The only reason why &quot;Star Wars Episode 1&quot; is not going to be released on DVD in the near future, is because George Lucas is  greedy, and he wants to get all the money he can from VHS sales, before he  releases it on the media which it deserves, DVD. Hasn't Lucas made enough  money?<br />All the DVD owners out there -- wait until Lucas pulls himself  together, and releases it on DVD, otherwise you're going to pay twice for  the same movie -- cause it is going to be released on DVD at some point.  <br />The funny thing is, Lucas' official excuse for not releasing  &quot;Phantom Menace&quot; on DVD, is because the quality of DVD doesn't  provide the quality he thinks his movie deserves. Well, last time I  checked, DVD was far superior to VHS, both in terms of video and sound  quality. But maybe that's just me (and every single hi-fi magazine in the  world)?<br />Enough said, as for the movie itself, I think it was overrated,  and of course, seriously hyped. Of course it has a lot of great visual  effects, etc. but that doesn't make a movie alone. All in all, it's an okay  movie, though.<br />I give the movie three stars, but considering Lucas and  his greed, I don't think it deserves any more than two stars.
6300248550|5.0|This is one of the best adaptations of the novel I have seen.  My husband and I love this version very much.  We have watched it many times and enjoyed it each time.  Zelah Clarke's performance as Jane Eyre is  OUTSTANDING.  She is convincing in her role.  And- who could not love  Timothy Dalton as the overbearing, ill-tempered, Mr. Rochester.  Although,  this version of the novel does not contain the impressive settings as some  of the other version I have seen (Samantha Morton, Cirrian Hinds) the  characters are developed in greater detail and are a more accurate  representation of the characters in the novel.  This is far and away the  best adaptation of Charlotte Bronte's work. I HIGHLY recommend it!
B000000183|5.0|Don't be fooled by Sonny's name as the headliner. This is a complete effort from a classic quartet, and they all deserve top billing. Bonus points to Roach, the first drummer to sustain my interest throughout his  solo. Each player makes the most of his time in the spotlight and they  complement each other on each of this collection of eclectic tracks.
0553288105|4.0|the beginning of the book was intriguing, the middle was the part that made me really want to finish the book. however, the end was a real disappointment. it was rather confusing, probably because i skimmed through  most of the last section. i found it so boring and tedious that by the end  of the book, i could pretty much figure out what happened even though i had  not read it. if someone would be so kind as to explain the end to me and  what became of everyone else in the book (i.e., Dua, Odeen, Tritt, etc...),  please be so kind as to leave another review here.
B00001NFCY|4.0|If you liked the originial Seattle/Pearl Jam sound, this group is for you.  I, like many others, bought this cd for track 9, &quot;Higher,&quot; but enjoy the whole CD.  I played this for a friend of mine, and she thought it  was Pearl Jam, so Creed's sound is very similar to the originial Pearl Jam  sound.  Pick this one up if you like the Seattle Sound.
1573225517|5.0|Hornby captures male introspection in a way I have never seen before. Everything we have wanted to say or explain about our life, behavior and motivation, but never had the words for, is laid out in plain view in High  Fidelity. Great read and a must buy!
6305750750|5.0|I've waited for a long time for this movie and I loved it. Maybe its the kid in me who liked Jar-Jar. He added allot to the movie wether or not anyone agrees. If he wasn't in it, the movie would still be good, but I  Binks brought the comedy relief needed 3PO and R2 brought to the other  three.
0802130208|5.0|I was so happy reading this book, to have found something so great I enjoyed every page. As other reviewers have noted, this one will make you laugh out loud. Good serious writing that is humorous as well is an  American tradition started by Mark Twain and continues through Toole. I  also recommend highly Brauner's Love Songs of the Tone-Deaf -- currently  the best funny novel. Confederacy of Dunces was written forty years ago and  won the Pulitzer Prize many years after the author's death, but it is as  fresh, interesting and enjoyable today as it was then.
B00000IQMT|2.0|Don't get me wrong, the music thats actually on this score is really great. The problem is what is missing, so much of the music in the film is not on the soundtrack. Plus, what is on the soundtrack is out of sequence  with the film. I don't understand how the original trilogy had more than  complete soundtracks and this one seems to be thrown together randomly.  Really a dissapointment as far as the quantity. The music of John Williams  deserves better.
0440180295|2.0|I have read many works of fiction and nonfiction in my days, and have avoided most writers who dabble in so called &quot;science fiction&quot; for reasons that became glaringly obvious to me after finishing this book.  After reading several reviews I was willing to take a stab at this book,  and was ready to &quot;stab&quot; the book at its conclusion.  I found this  story to be profoundly dull and lacked the necessary ingredients to  entertain a well read and intelligent mind. Why so many people think so  highly of this book is a mystery I shall never hope to solve, probably not  even on Tralfamadore.  I found very little humor in it, and the wit was dry  and unimaginative to say the least.  I would strongly recommend anyone who  thought they have read a profound piece of work in this book to turn their  attentions to the brilliant prose of Thomas Hardy and then draw their  conclusions. I am sure I will be able to forget this book in about 3 days,  if not I will try to suffocate the memories with books worthy of an  intellectual mind.
0767817478|4.0|I actually enjoyed this movie quite a bit. 2 key things is to (1) forget about the original Godzilla which this is not and understandably has upset Godzilla fans - think of this as something entirely separate (2) view this  movie in Dolby Digital Surround Sound. Its Amazing and significantly  enhances the film. When seen in this light the movie is a lot of fun, with  good acting killer special effects.
6305750750|4.0|People need to give this movie a break!  It's not a religion, it is just a fun way to spend your time.  Sure, I enjoyed the first trilogy better, there are more memories that go along with it.  But this movie gives you an  oportunity to make new memories.  So Jar Jar Binks is annoying, well...  so  are the ewoks, or C3PO when you first watch it. Give this movie some time,  and you will enjoy it much more.
6305750750|5.0|Phantom Menace is truly one of the greatest movies ever made and combined with this great package its amazing.  You can NOT buy the pan and scan version of The Phantom Menace and have the true experience.  By the way I  believe Jar Jar is a great character and most have not realized how great a  character George Lucas invisioned, he really adds to the quality of the  film.
6305807086|5.0|This film, in case you don't already know, is excellent; in fact, it might be perfect. Watching it for the first time in the theater, I remember being so amazed by how good it was, I started to TRY to find flaws in the film,  but I just couldn't. I think that it's literally flawless. Totally orginal  and endlessly funny, &quot;Being John Malkovich&quot; will be remembered  for a long, long time.
6305657947|5.0|I have never seen the original movie &quot;The Thomas Crown Affair&quot;  with Faye Dunaway and Steve McQueen, so I don't know or if this movie is a  good remake. But just to watch it on a Saturday evening, this is a  wonderfull movie.<br />Altough there's only in the beginning and the end an  action scene, this movie keeps interesting all the way trough. It never  really gets boring. And that's because of the genious ways how Thomas Crown  (Pierce Brosnan) breaks in the museum in the beginning and the end of the  movie and the humor now and then.<br />After I read some things about the  original movie, I know that this second version is complete different. But,  who cares? Just watch this movie as soon as you can on DVD.
630575067X|5.0|This movie is one of those that you must own. There are more questions to be answered that may be answered in the next installment(s) of Starwars movies. Such as &quot;What happens to the Jedis'?&quot;. This may be  answered in one of the next two movies.I could go on for over my limit for  this review but I will not do that.This is a great movie and one you should  own.
0394605144|5.0|This novel provides a fascinating story on a young man's desire to keep his appearance while having his age expressed and progressed in a portrait of himself.  The story not only has a good plot, it has a strong  philosophical foundation which is characterized through numerous epigrams.  Among the characters, Dorian Gray and Lord Henry present various  explanations throughout life.  I have read this book as an assignment for  preparation toward the AP [Advance Placement] test in English Literature  and enjoyed it.  I would recommend this book to anyone who, not only would  like to prepare for an AP test in English, but to those who appreciate  philosophy.
0684872153|5.0|It's not difficult for me to understand the disparity in the readers reviews.  <br />I'm not Irish, but I was brought up a very strict Catholic in a lower-middle class neighborhood, though at the time I wasn't aware that  we weren't as priveledged as others.  I can identify with many of Frank  McCourt's memories.  The fear (and false hopes) instilled in us by the  Catholic church.  The shame of not having as much as other children, even  within our own neighborhood.  My experience couldn't compare to those  described in Angela's Ashes, but are just a real to me. I've gotten over  it, as I'm sure Mr. McCourt has, but I'll certainly never forget it.   <br />The book is a memoir and some people just can't identify with it in any  way at all.  Some people just don't get it, and really don't want to  because it drastically differs with their life views.  They never will.<br />I  can't say whether you'll love it or hate it.  If your curious about the  book, just read it.  Make up your own mind.  I read no reviews at all  before buying the book and I'm glad I didn't...I may have decided against  reading it.
6304675348|4.0|Scream was great and that's pretty much all there is to it. Not the best movie ever made like alot of these people are saying, but it was probably one of the most entertaining films of 1996. I think, and some will agree  with me here, that the reason why people give this movie such a bad rap is  because it was the mother of all these new teeny bopper horror flicks that  have penetrated the movie scene. I (Still) Know What You Did Last Summer,  Urban Legend, the Faculty, Disturbing Behavior and now this new Final  Destination movie. People probably wouldn't complain so much if they had to  go through all that slasher hooplah that dominated the late 70's/early  80's. But it's easy to understand where they come from. Frankly, I'm  getting kind of sick of it. But Scream stands alone as the best of all of  them. Urban Legend was better? Give me a break. I'd reccommend this if you  have an open mind and not ready to judge at every golden opportunity you  get to put a good movie down.
0792844882|5.0|That's right---I gave it 5 stars!<br />This move has everything:<br />(1) horrible acting<br />(2) mindnumbingly stupid script<br />(3) a complete lack of likable characters<br />(4) hilareously awful sex scenes<br />(5) completely  unnecessary yet nearly constant nudity<br />This is a breakthrough movie--it  raises the 'antie' (spelling?) for bad filmmakers everywhere. Bravo!
6304493681|5.0|This movie is perhaps one of the coolest animes ever. Its animation matches up with the legendary. the plot and charatcers are wonderfully developed. The movie is about a cyborg cop trying to stop the ghost hacker  the puppet master. i recommend this to all anime fans.
630575067X|5.0|I was absolutely mesmerized the first time I saw Star Wars: A New Hope. The same thing happened over two decades later with Episode I. This movie was incredible, the special effects made me feel like I had a part in this  film. Everyone needs to understand that this is a child's fairy tale set in  a sci-fi universe. It sets the stage for the next two films. <br />Jar-Jar was  placed in the movie for comic relief, not for a stoic performance of  'MACBETH'. Jar-Jar is a sutle story about someone not so strong or  intellegent or good-looking that can still make a difference.
B0000399WI|5.0|I saw this film for the first time on DVD, my interest having been thwarted by the title at the time of its theatrical release. Oh my goodness. Turns out, the title is perfect.  Shawshank Prison IS redeemed.   This film is powerfully moving and completely captivating.  It is a story  that will grab at your heart and not let go. The acting is superb, some of  the best I've ever seen.  I think about it when I wake up in the middle of  the night and often find myself analyzing situations from the film and  trying to figure out why this or that worked out the way it did.  This is  an absolute must-see.  Wow.
6304428928|5.0|This is a great film.  Dustin Hoffman delivers a performance worthy of the many accolades he received.  He is simply unforgettable as his role of Raymond.  He immerses himself into the character, and is completely  believable.  Tom Cruise is quite good also, and even refrains from his  usual fits of &quot;over-acting&quot; for the most part. He gives a fairly  restrained performance, and his character 'softens up' nicely at the end of  the film.  Always fun to watch, Rain Man is a film that should be seen more  than once.
B000002VRZ|5.0|I've been listening to these guys since the mid seventies. The were and still remain the best line up of leads in the south. The western flair they bring to their cuts can't be beat (as it were).      This disc contains  their best cuts and should be on any true southern rocker's shelf.
0671656244|5.0|I've read literally thousands of science fiction novels in the last 35 years (all the masters back to the very beginning), and Tuf Voyaging rates as one of the top five science fiction novels of all time.  When it comes  to a plot and ideas that that stick with you, it rates number one.  I've  waited in vain for a sequel or a film or a television dramatization.  Tuf  Voyaging tells the story of a highly moral man gifted with virtually  absolute power.  I read it every few years and continue to flip flop about  the rightness and wrongness of his final acts.  Was Tuf corrupted, or was  he indeed uncorruptible?  In the end, was he a man, or was he a god?  It's  that good.  It doesn't let you go. The book touches on issues humanity  faces everyday, issues that are becoming increasingly more urgent:  populations outstripping food sources, species extinctions, short term  political thinking, cruelty, abuses of power, etc.  I keep two, very much  read and battered copies of the book, one for myself and one to lend to  others.  This is the book that sent me in search of everything else George  R. R. Martin has ever written.  While his writing is always excellent, Tuf  Voyaging is his greatest masterpiece. The book creates a variety of  emotions in the reader, amusement (it has wonderfully humorous sections),  anticipation, dread, exhilaration, and uncertainty.  Once again, it's  unforgettable and has been responsible for single handedly hooking several  young people I know on science fiction.  If you haven't read it, track it  down and do so.  If you have read it, read it again and see if your  opinions have changed.  If you have any influence on the author, demand the  character return in another book!
B00000JJQK|3.0|I bought this CD back in August and I have only listened to it once(when I needed music to fall asleep to when there was nothing on the radio). I have heard that this CD is &quot;depressing&quot;, but when I heard it, I found  nothing depressing about. Maybe it was because I wasn't concentrating fully  on it, but I wasn't impressed. Maybe if I looked at the lyrics(if I could  find them) and found the true meaning of the songs I would like it better.  Maybe when I listen to it again, I'll give it a better review.
B000000OF6|5.0|I've heard their song before but even two years ago I didn't even know their name.  I grew up listening to emotionless alternative music which, I believe, blinded me from good music for a couple of years (damned MTV!).   But, a couple of my friends told me about Queen and since then, I haven't  kept them out of my mind.  They are brilliant (to say the least).  They are  enduring.  They are Queen.  Now about the album.      The first disc is  amazing.  Queen is one of the first bands that I've heard where the vocals  carry the song.  And man, can Freddie sing.  Bohemian Rhapsody is the best  and will always be.  It is a mix of vocals and piano, a little bit of  opera, and classic rock.  Other songs that rock are Another One Bites the  Dust, Killer Queen, Bicycle Race, Don't Stop Me Now, Crazy Little Thing  Called Love, Good Old-Fashioned Lover Boy, Seven Seas of Rhye, We Will Rock  You, and of course We Are the Champions.      The second disc lives up to  the image of Queen, but might disappoint the &quot;Bohemian Rhapsody Type  People. &quot;  Its a little less emotional and a little bit harder.   Nonetheless, it's Queen!      If there is one thing that you should get  from this review it is BUY THIS RECORD (I cannot downplay the importance of  the preceeding words).  Buy it and enjoy as I did and will continue to do.
6305810109|5.0|Richard Farnsworth delivers a performance that must rank as one of his best in a long career.  The pace of this movie is wonderful.  It is slow, like the countryside it depicts, but not as to be dull.  Farnsworth is  absolutely perfect in his role as 73 year old Alvin Straight.  Sissy Spasek  is wonderful as his daughter, who is sweet and caring (but a little slow  mentally).  The fact that director David Lynch made this film may be  surprising, but he handles it wonderfully.  There is only one possible weak  point in the film, and it involves a hysterical motorist who hits an animal  on the highway.  This quick scene seems somewhat out of place, but not in a  terribly distractng sense. The fact that this is a true story makes it all  the more fascinating.  Definitely worth seeing, The Straight Story  showcases Richard Farnsworth in a performance that easily rivaled that of  Kevin Spacey in this year's Academy Awards race.
B00003OSSL|3.0|This movie is worth watching, not great but ok. However it has to be the worst DVD video transfer I have seen to date. Portions of the movie are so bad it looks like you are watching on a computer screen in 256 colors. Also  while black level on DVDs is not great, it is really bad in this movie.  Anything dark looks like digitized impressionistic artwork.
B00003OSSL|2.0|How could two excellent actors and an acclaimed director make such a bomb?  The premise doesn't work from the start.  Would a congresswoman's husband sneak away on an affair booking the tickets in his name and his wife's name  when the mistress is 15 years younger than his wife, and is obviously not  his wife?  The unknown mistress doesn't use her real name, but the known  guy uses his real name? I didn't buy the romance, if that's what it was,  between Ford and Thomas for a second.  They had no chemistry.  The subplot  of the police situation with Ford adds absolutely nothing.  Loved Thomas in  The English Patient, and Ford's acting has been great since Witness, but  this one just doesn't work.  Very disappointing. The previews made it look  like a suspenseful movie, so I kept waiting for something to happen.   Nothing happened!  P.s.  Can somebody tell Ford, Eastwood, Redford, and  Costner to demand that their female interests in films be within 10 years  of their real ages!  The actress who played Ford's wife could have passed  for his daughter.  Harrison, I love ya man, but you have matured and your  love interests should as well.  Why couldn't they cast a good looking woman  closer to Ford's age?  She was only in the film for a short time.
0553277472|5.0|I had to read this book for school. So I (of course) thought it would be horrible. It wasn't, and this is a title that every half-conscious human being should read at some point. Granted, you do have to work to  &quot;get&quot; it, don't listen to everyone who says it's a dull book.  They're all busy rushing over to buy Stephen King and John Grisham books
6302794331|5.0|At age 13, the last movie you wanna see is a movie with Muppets in it, right?  Wrong. I'm 13 years old, and A Muppets Christmas Carol is probably my second favorite movie- and I'm mature for my age.  In fact, my whole  homeroom loves it.  It's pretty much like the book by Charles Dickins, but  it has that Muppet twist to it.  It's funny.  It's captivating.  You feel  like Kermit (Bob Cratchit) when  Tim dies-really sad.  Rizzo the Rat, Miss  Piggy (Mrs. Cratchit), and Gonzo (who plays Charles Dickins) make it  comical. I throughly recommend this magical movie to everybody, regardless  of age.
6304233639|1.0|I realise that by writing a disfavourable review to a &quot;popular&quot; movie, one sets themselves up for criticism.  But, I must say that this has to be one of the absolute worst American films ever produced, and certainly  one of the worst of the 1990's (itself a decade with enough horrible films  for an entire century).  The dialogue is laugh-out-loud terrible, the story  line is implausible, and the acting (or should I say  &quot;over-acting&quot;) is generally atrocious.  There is one lame  character after another in this film, not the least of whom are its  &quot;stars&quot;.  Bill Pullman is wooden and dull, Geoff Goldblum is his  usual creepy self, and Will Smith gives his worst performance of his young  career.  The only possible saving grace are the special effects, but these  can not be fully appreciated unless viewed in a theatre.  There are not  enough synonyms in a thesaurus to fully describe how bad this movie is.  A  film that truly deserves to be 'booed' at the end of (as I did), it is on  my list of ALL-TIME WORST MOVIES!
B000002OX7|5.0|One of the greatest rock albums of all time by one of the original &quot;British Invasion&quot; rock units at their peak. The previous year they released &quot;Live at Leeds&quot; which showed their awesome live  power. In 1971 they topped everyone (in a year that included &quot;Sticky  Fingers&quot;, &quot;Aqualung,&quot; Led Zep's 4th, &quot;L.A. Woman&quot;,  &quot;Meddle&quot;, to name a few) with this record.  It is NOT a greatest  hits collection but every song could be/should be a hit. Every song is a  classic of its type: anthem (Baba O'Reilly), rocker (Bargain), tender  ballad (Love Ain't for Keeping), social commentary (Won't Get Fooled  Again), with songs reaching majestic heights of bravado and pathos (Song is  Over; Behind Blue Eyes), not to mention Entwhistle's charming,  tongue-in-cheek My Wife.  The additional songs are of mixed quality but are  good to have (esp. I Don't Even Know Myself, the B-side of &quot;Won't Get  Fooled Again&quot;, cover of the classic Baby Don't You Do It, and Pure and  Easy which Townshend also covered on &quot;Who Came First&quot;--a version  I prefer). May Keith Moon's drumming never be forgotton (listen closely to  &quot;Bargain&quot;). When they talk about &quot;classic rock,&quot; this  album is what they mean.
B00000JCOV|1.0|Useless garbage. All the guy does is scream at the top of his lungs. Have you ever wondered how much times the f-word can be used on a CD? You'll be surprised when you hear this! Slipknot takes out melody and music and replaces them with ear-splitting noise. The nine guys give me a headache.  The guitarist are terrible. They play the same boring riffs over and over.  These guys are untalented. If this is the shape of metal to come...
630562285X|1.0|Sean Connery should be flogged for appearing with a no-talent, one-hit-wonder like Zeta-Jones.  I suspect (and hope) each night he laid his head to pillow, that he grit his teeth and imagined ways of breaking  his contract.  Small town high school students show more vitality and verve  than she does in this role.  She was soooo terrible in this part, that,  thankfully, it distracted me from the amateurish directing, wandering plot  lines, and pedestrian script.  Mr. Connery, your talent and charisma cannot  pull others out of the swamp of mediocrity, even if they are engaged to a  Hollywood bigshot.
0783227434|5.0|This is by far one of the funniest movies I have ever seen.  It has that sort of &quot;Airplane&quot; comedic feel to it combined with a storyline about &quot;a chosen one&quot;.  I would highly recommend this movie to  anyone who likes a good comedy or horror movie.  And I would DEFINITELY  recommmend it to any Bruce Campbell fan, this is him at his best!
B000002G89|5.0|461 Ocean Boulevard is easily one of Clapton's best albums,possibly his best. This album combines Clapton's guitar hero statuswith some of his best lyrics. One thing I like about Clapton is that he is possibly the greatest guitar player of all time, however, he doesn't focus his songs just on the guitar. He concentrates on the othe instruments, the vocals and the lyrics. That is what makes this album great. Some of the songs on this album are Clapton's best. Motherless Children is a great guitar song with a good edge. Willie and the Hand Jive is a great reggae-like song, along with his great cover of I Shot The Sheriff. Let it Grow is one of his best ballads. And like on many of Claptons albums, he has a cover of a Robert Johnson song. In this case it is Steady Rollin' Man, which Clapton does an awesome job on. This is truly an essential Clapton album. Buy It.
0140714154|4.0|This is Shakespeare's 2nd last play. Yet, nothing indicates that he was running out of steam. The images are beautiful. Stephano, Caliban, and Trinculo are memorable as the bumbling conspirators. Miranda and Ferdinand  are fine as the two young lovers. Ariel is striking as Prospero's loyal  servant. Prospero is a magnificent creation. Not only does he offer several  beautiful and memorable passages, but he is well drawn as a character who  was unfairly forced into exile. He also makes his prison his paradise. In  addition, he is a fine representation of Shakespeare himself: &quot;Knowing  I loved my books, he furnished me / From mine own library with volumes that  / I prize above my dukedom&quot; (1.2.166-168). His speeches in 4.1 and 5.1  also reflect how Shakespeare himself was contemplating the end of his  career. The story itself is very well drawn. Shakespeare grabs our  attention with a storm at sea. He offers us a reflection of himself,  comical touches, beautiful images, profound passages, beautiful language,  young lovers, comical villains, and deep messages. If you like this, be  sure to read his final play &quot;Henry VIII.&quot;
B0000047CX|5.0|I think this remastered album is my favorite of all I've ever owned.  A real masterpiece, never fails to sooth me and remind me how pleasant and special life really is.  I was born a few months after it was released, but  I grew up with and grew attached to songs from the original.
630575067X|3.0|George Lucas has like every other director in the USA, bowed to comercialism. The Phantom Menace was made, first and foremost, to make money and attract a big audience. Queen Amidala, Darth Maul, and Jar Jar  Binks all looked like they had been made with action figures in mind. Lucas  also threw in many characters from the original trilogy that contributed  nothing to the film, like C-3PO and R2-D2. Perhaps the worst attempt to  attract an audience, namely kids, was the casting of Jake Lloyd as Anakin  Skywalker. Terrible!<br />The special affects in the film were stunning,  creating beautiful city-scapes and underwater worlds. Unfortunately, Lucas  overdid it. The sea mosters in the underwater scenes look like they were  made out of legos, and the CGI characters Jar Jar Binks and Watto look like  cartoons. Lucas made the sad mistake of using special affects as a means to  an end, rather than a tool. On the plus side, the pod race and the battles  at the end were thrilling.<br />Overall, the Phantom Menace is a typical  modern action-adventure film, made to make money, not to be timeless or  thought provoking. The Phantom Menace has some good material, but lacks the  magic that the original trilogy had. Only buy it if you're a die-hard Star  Wars fan.
B000001EAQ|5.0|This album is very underrated. It doesn't get enough credit. This is a great U2 album. I know it isn't their best, but it is still really good. Songs like Discotheque, Mofo, and Staring at The Sun are all exceptional.  All the other songs are great, too.
B00000JGOH|1.0|What's the reason of the hype that's been created here in Europe on this movie? Surely it is not bad, but definitely not worth all credit it's been given. The acting is moderate, and the storyline even worse! There are  better movies to see.
B00000IL1K|5.0|There is not a song on this CD that I don't like.  My husband and I own a tanning, hair and nail salon where we play CD's continuously.  We have a wide range of ages in our customers.  Since we started playing CD's by  Sarah Brightman (especially Eden) we have had numerous compliments about  her music.  There have been only a couple of negative comments.  Even some  of the younger customers, teens and early twenties request  &quot;Sarah&quot; now when they come in.  We live near Nashville in the  heart of country music, so this is quite amazing.  There is quite a wide  variety of music from the sexy title track &quot;Eden&quot; to the Operatic  &quot;Nessun Dorma&quot;.  The &quot;Last Words you Said&quot; is  absolutely beautiful.  I had never heard this song before.  This is my  favorite CD of any artist ever.
630575067X|4.0|I like it. It's simply a piece of the puzzle that in the long run will likely fit in perfectly with the 9(?)-part series. I think it looks foreign to many people because the usual cast wasn't (of course) involved. But I  think it's a nice piece of cinema with great effects and good acting. Let's  hope, though, that II &amp; III will shine as much as IV-VI.
B00000637V|5.0|Berlin is one of the saddest, most deppressive albums ever made. If there is a more depressive album, it was probably one of Lou's other albums. Isn't he ever happy? Anyways, the songs and the overall effect and  presentation of the album is great. I know Caroline Says is a different  version of The VU's Stephanie Says, but who cares? Lou wrote the song in  the first place and this version is just as good. Lady Day, Oh, Jim, and  Sad Songs are some of the other stand out songs. Buy it, even if it does  mess you up for a little while.
B000023VR6|5.0|I used to listen to Dr Dre and a lot of other that he rapped with, but that was back in the day.  Since then, there has been mostly trash out there, people just trying to make a quick buck.  I am a total No Limit Fan  but this new CD beats all of No Limit's albums.  The song &quot;Forgot  about Dre&quot; is awesome!
B00000BKDX|5.0|This has to be one of the greatest live recordings (if not recordings period) of all time. There have been other reviewers that say they like the album versions of the songs better; so do I, but the raw power &amp;  emotion of Iron Maiden cannot be ignored. From the thunderous opening of  Churchill's speech &amp; Aces High, to classics like &quot;The  Trooper&quot;, &quot;Number of the Beast&quot; &amp; &quot;Run to the  Hills&quot;, this album is a monster all the way through. The production  work on the album by Martin Birch is second to none, and he brings out a  very deep sound from the band, something that was sorely missing from  &quot;Real Live/Dead One&quot; &amp; &quot;Live at Donington&quot;, discs  that were produced almost a decade later. Adrian Smith &amp; Dave Murray  are at their harmonious best, Steve Harris' bass playing is nice &amp;  tight, Nicko McBrain actually has it together, and Bruce Bruce, although a  little off key at times (Flight of Icarus, Run to the Hills)puts his heart  into the mateiral. Bettering the original cd release, the band also  includes live material from Hammersmith 1984 that was on the original LP.  This material sounds better due to the fact that Bruce's voice was not as  strained on these tracks (the Long Beach material was recorded in the  summer of 1985). My only complaint? Instead of the enhanced section, they  should have included 2 of the (now) harder to find live tracks from this  tour: &quot;Los'fer Words&quot; and &quot;Murders in the Rue Morgue&quot;;  nonetheless, this is the perfect album for all Maiden fans, and a great  &quot;jupming on&quot; point for new (and future) Maiden fans. The songs  are still fresh, the recording does not sound dated, and a good time will  be had by all...
068815333X|5.0|Oh this was such a good read.  I've read all the Patrick and Angie books now and they are absolutely fantastic.  This book is filled with all the complex characters that I have come to love in Lehane's books.  In addition  his protagonists are so human.  Our &quot;good&quot; guys are so full of  fault and virtue. There is a thin line between good and evil that resides  in all of us and our protagonists come dangerously close, but never fully  cross the line.<br />The plot is thickly layered and has many twists and  surprises.  Bubba has a love interest!  :)  I am sad that I have read all  the Lehane's now.  I have really enjoyed all of them.  With the exception  of Sacred, the series is top notch and the stories stay with you for days.   I do recommend that you read the series in order.  I simply cannot wait for  Lehane's next book!
B000002UAR|5.0|The Beatles's Revolver is easily in the top ten greatest albums of all time. This album and Rubber Soul are my two favorites. Revolver is almost like Volume 2 of Rubber Soul. Both John Lennon and Paul McCartney were  writing much more than pop hits and George Harrison was really starting to  shine on this album and the previous. Buy It.
B00000BKE1|2.0|No matter how you cut it, this is another disappointing album in the post-Adrian Smith era... I will agree with the fans who say this is a must own, if only so you can see how different Maiden sounds from the Smith era  to the Janick Gers era... the album has some promising songs on it, from  \\"Be Quick or Be Dead\\", \\"Afraid to Shoot Strangers\\",  \\"Childhood's End\\", \\"Judas be My Guide\\" & \\"Fear  of the Dark\\" to the so-so in \\"From Here to Eternity\\",  \\"Fear is the Key\\" & \\"Chains of Misery\\" to the  horrible in \\"Wasting Love\\", \\"The Fugitive\\", \\"The  Apparition\\" & \\"Weekend Warrior\\". What's the major  problem? The same problem I pointed out in my \\"No Prayer for the  Dying\\" review: 'arry's pathetic excuse for record producing. Again,  Barnyard studios drops the ball and produces an album that two kids on a  four track could outdo... Bruce Bruce sounds raspy and strained, Dave  Murray sounds pretty good but Janick Gers is horrible, Nicko McBrain's drum  kit sounds like a bunch iof coffee cans (and his playing reflects it) and  'arry's bass again sounds like a banjo... not the worse cd, but not the  best either. Like I said in my other review, why subject yourself when  you can get one of their older cd's and listen to the band at their peak...  they would do better on \\"X Factor\\", but with the absence of  Dickinson on that album, it would fall short also. Legend has it that Dickinson was so furious when he heard the mix of the final album that he threw a copy of the tape against a wall, popped in a Dream Theater CD, and told the rest of the band \\"THIS is what our records should sound like\\". Bruce Bruce jumped  ship at the right time... you should also on this CD.
6304675348|5.0|This  movie  is  funny,  thrilling  and quite  appealing  to  teens  and  younger viewers.  Never  mind  the  R  rating. In  surround  sound  it  is  like  being transported  RIGHT  INTO  THE  FLICK.<br />Good  for anyone  who  is  looking  for Henry  Winkler  getting  hacked  in  his own  office!
B000002J03|5.0|There isn't much to say. Zeppelin is one of the all time great bands. This is their second best album. Truly incredible guitar, drums, bass and vocals. Everything just fits together perfectly on this album. I HIGHLY  recommend this album.
6305076626|5.0|Rocky Baby!  what a movie, I cannot believe that there are still people out there in this day and age who think that the movie is sick! , I mean honestly in a time when we are exposed to more sex, violence and depravity  on our tv screens in our own homes people fuss over a 1970's spoof horror?   Tim Curry Vamps it up in a way that has set him aside from any other actor  in History, he totally owns the character and 25 years later Frank and Tim  are still synonomous.Still today we hear bits of frank in Tims work. Susan  Sarandon as the priss Janet Weiss (or is that Vice?)who &quot;gives  (her)self over to absolute pleasure (and)swims the water waters of sins of  the flesh&quot;  This Film stands out as one of the true cult classics of  the 20th Century.I want to come again and stay!  - and stay he shall ...  when will it be out on DVD?
B000005S6B|5.0|About all that can be said about this album has been said in the reviews that have appeared before this one. All I can do is confirm the almost-unanimous 5-star rating and concur with the several people--and  indeed Pogues fans the world over--who claim this is the best Pogues album  of all. The breadth of topics, the range of moods, and the marvelous  arrangments and lyrical poetry of the otherwise brain-dead frontman Shane  MacGowan culminates with this album (and unfortunately, goes downhill  thereafter). If you have any Pogues album and like it, you MUST have this  one.
B0000024SD|5.0|Bringing It all back home is a brilliant album. Bob Dylan is probably the greatest songwriter of all time along with Lou Reed and John Lennon. This album has some of his best songs, such as Subterranean Homesick Blues,  Maggie's Farm, Mr. Tambourine Man and It's Alright, Ma. This is just an  exceptional album that could only be dished out by Dylan. This is a Must  Have.
6305750750|5.0|I am tired of all this, &quot;I hate Jar Jar, he ruined the movie!&quot; Maybe you guys didn't realize but Star Wars isn't just for adults, kids love it and Jar Jar was for them. Of course the movie will seem more  childish, Anakin is  child in this one, there is more to come in the  trilogy and we will see how this young boy will eventually become Darth  Vader.
B000002KCV|5.0|Every once in a while, Neil Young releases really mellow, folky albums. the best examples are Harvest, Harvest Moon and Comes A Time. Havest Moon is pretty good, Harvest is excellent, and Comes A Time is equally good. I  personally like his more hard rocking albums withe Crazy Horse like Rust  Never Sleeps and Everybody Knows. his album, howecer, is still excellent.  Comes A Time, Lok Out For My Love, Lotta Love and Motorcycle Mama are the  standout tracks. I would easily reccomend this album as one of Young's  best.
630575067X|5.0|Star Wars Episode I is an excellent beginning to the saga. It is a prequel &quot;to be commended.&quot; Watching the Academy Awards, I was disappointed that it was'nt recipient of a special effects award. The  special effects are one of the highlights of the film, as are all Star Wars  films. The plot, contrary to popular opinion, is excellent. The plot is  appropriate for a prequel. Episode I tells the origin of the Force, the  Jedi, the Sith and we see an innocent Darth Vader as a boy. Pay attention  to what some of the characters say. They foreshadow future Star War events.  For example, Anakin says, &quot;I had a dream I was a Jedi and I freed all  the slaves,&quot; or Palpatine, &quot;We will watch his career with great  interest.&quot; The acting is well-performed, particularily impressive is  Natalie Portman's role as the bold and intelligent Queen Amidala. Liam  Neeson's role as Qui Gon is equally ensemble. If you get this film, buy the  soundtrack. John Williams has done it again. Spectacular scenery, the  Pod-Race is unforgettable, and the action (light-sabre duels) have been  mastered to an art. For those faithful to the original Star Wars films and  feel the new are &quot;just for kids&quot; or for a &quot;younger  generation&quot; you are wrong. Pay attention to the dialogue. This film is  also for the original fans since it unlocks the mysteries never revealed in  Empire and Jedi. Buy this film and May the Force be with you.
B000002513|5.0|This album is truly incredible. The early Springsteen is easily the best. His first four albums are exceptional. This one really stands out. Rosalita is one of my all time favorite Springsteen Songs. All the other songs are  excellent, also. Buy It.
6305013578|1.0|Metropolis is the outstanding masterpiece of Fritz Lang.  The version recorded on this DVD, however, is an insult and a disgrace (hence the low price tag on it).  There is no gray scale through much of the movie (faces  are totally black in many scenes!), the quality of the print from which  this was lifted is abhorent!<br />If you want to see Metropolis in all of it's  glory, find the Georgio Moroder version which was restored and re-released  in the 1980's complete with contemporary soundtrack and color (in some  scenes, mostly sepia tones).  It's hard to find, but worth the effort -  this DVD version is a waste of money.
B000002UA9|5.0|Many people say this album was awful, but consitering just how much time they had to make this album ( one day ), its a jewl. I am 13 years old and all the kids at my school listen to rap. I just don't get rap. I can't tell  what the heak there saying! The Beatles are my favorite band and are always  a welcomed change from &quot;Little Troy&quot; or &quot;Puff Daddy&quot;.  The songs on the album could have used some fine tuning but every thing  else is great. My favorite song on here is &quot;Twist and Shout&quot; and  &quot;Please Please Me&quot;. All the songs are full of heart and the  crafty hands of Lennon and McCartney.
0064471837|5.0|I absolutely loved this book! Usually books take from 10 to 50 pages just to get into the story! This book, the first page I couldn't stop reading!  As a reader, I read about 5 books a week.I even wouldn't rate Harry Pottter  so high! Take my word for it, you will love this book.
B000002UAF|5.0|This album in my opinion is even better than Sgt. Pepper! To live up to those expectations it must be really good. Great fast and slow songs on this album. If your new to &quot;The Fab Four&quot; listen to &quot;I  Should Have Known Better&quot; and &quot;And I Love Her&quot; on the top of  this screen. See the movie... also 5 stars... avalible here! My 2 favorites  are &quot;I'll Cry Instead&quot; and &quot;I Should Have Known Better&quot;  but every single song is excellent. It makes me want to hug them!
B000002AH9|5.0|This is not an easy record to warm up to. Have patience...once you've reconciled the tone and manner of Lady Day's fragile, fading, sorrowfull voice with the sweeping elegance of Ray Ellis' orchestrations, you might  find yourself in love with this CD...Billie's voice is at once brilliant  and shattered, like a broken mirror, especially in the studio cuts added as  narrative to the original set. My favorite song, &quot;The End of A Love  Affair&quot;, is a haunting testimonial to romance gone bad; the music and  the lyrics are unforgettable. Lady In Satin is not for the squirmish; not  even, perhaps, for alot of Holiday fans. But if you don't mind a front row  seat to the closing act of the tragic opera that was Holiday's life; if you  can find beauty in sorrow and hope in pain, this CD will unveil a new  meaning for the term &quot;soul music&quot;...
6304297912|5.0|Trainspotting is a film completely lacking in moral fibre and is all the better for it. As many critics waited for that scene where our hero(or anti-hero) regrets his sins, the scene of redemption, a scene that never  came, they decided the film was morally corrupt.<br />  In fact Trainspotting  never flinches when showing the sometimes harrowing effects of addiction  (the fate of the baby and Tommy come to mind). The fact that the characters  in the film remain unrepentant inspite of that speaks more to their  character then any positive aspects of drugs. <br />  These characters  represent anarchy, nihilism and a lust for life, things we all love to  watch, yet hipocritically like to take the moral highground by requiring  these character to suffer in agony for their way of life. Trainspotting in  too original and yes too realistic to take that route. If you are offended  by the lack of moral redemption in movies like Trainspotting and Figh Club,  ask yourself this question: Why did you enjoy the anarchy in the beginning?  <br />   Renton is a person that none of us would like to be around, but he is  undoubtly exhilerating to watch. Like the lead character in GOODFELLAS  Henry Hill, he is unrepentant by the end of the movie. But as Roger Ebert  observed about Hill &quot;his only regret at the end of the movie is that  he had no more soul to sell.&quot; Renton on the other hand &quot;chooses  life&quot; as a practical measure, a calculated descion to lead a more  trouble free life, not a moral one.<br />  The film as a whole is like a bolt  of lightening, a shot of adrenaline. I promise that you won't shift in your  seat once before the end-credits. Director Danny Boyle's visual imagination  is unending, some scenes manage to be puke-worthy disgusting and  bone-achingly funny at the same time.<br />  Come to think about it,  Trainspotting could have had a hero who has a conscience, who loves his  girlfriend, who fears his parents, who is loyal to his friends. Cometo  think about it again, WHO WOULD WANT TO WATCH A THING LIKE THAT.
068484267X|4.0|All of these reviews talk about either &quot;It touched me&quot; or &quot;It was a waste of time.&quot;  I just finished this book and i would recommend it to anyone.  This book is more than a story, it is an  experience.  Even if you are not interested in this book or even if you  read this and you do not enjoy it, you are guarenteed to gain something  from reading this.  It opens up a door of reality that would otherwise be  closed to us.  Sure it has some weak areas, as all books do, but the  compassion you feel for this family overwhelming.  I dont understand how  you can rate a person's life, it is only a best seller if you dont just  read it, but you try to understand it and put yourself it the characters  positions.  Even if you dislike this book and you read it, if nothing less,  you become a more well-rounded person.
B00000K19E|5.0|A great movie that always has you guessing. There so much in this movie that you have to watch it twice and it gets better. The sound and special effects are an A++. If you are looking for a movie that is FULL of action  and over the edge you have to see The Matrix.
630575067X|4.0|The Phantom Menace is not the greatest movie when viewed by itself, but is a great build up for what is to come in prequels 2 and 3.<br />The special effects are spectacular, with amazing cities created full of life and each  with it's own distinctive feel. The architecture of the city of Theed is  grand and is breathtaking when seeing a long shot over the city. A gripe  with the special effects is that it is a little over the top. The overall  appearance of the film is too much like an animated film. The battle of the  gungans against the droid army is spectacular in it's complexity, but is  too fake, with bright colours and a virtual environment. It doesn't have  the same feel as the battle of the ewoks in Return of the Jedi, which was  similar, but more real. <br />Nothing comes close in any film to the power of  the light saber weilding Jedi. The final battle scenes are highlighted by  the long dual between the Jedi and Sith. The greatest moment being in the  hanger after freeing the pilots, and the soundtrack starts as the doors  open to reveal Darth Maul.<br />The Phanom Menace does miss some character  development of the original Trilogy, with a character like Han Solo missed  greatly. The movie lacks the dark and evil feel that was so great in all of  the old three movies. <br />The Phantom menace is a good start to the Star  Wars saga. All we need is Darth Vader to appear, the closest thing we get  from Phantom Menace is hearing him after the credit soundtrack finishes,  then the Saga will truly begin.
B000003TAB|4.0|What can you say Incesticide is what it is, a sort of backlash album to the fame and pop succes of the infomous (but excellent) Nervermind. Don't get me wrong I like this album, songs such as Dive, turnaround, new wave  polly and molly's lips are a class act .The FUBAR songs such as hairspray  queen etc are also nice to smile  along to ( even though they will shock  and scare most peolpe). This album is basically Kurt doing what he liked to  do and is as far away as the user friendly nevermind as you can get. It's  certainly not the best album of all time but it's essential to all Nirvan  fans (it has an aquired taste)and certainly betters Bleach (not that Bleach  is bad)
0679731725|5.0|This book is great, you can read more about it in the other reviews, but I'd like to discuss its relationship to the movie.  Unlike most adapted movies, where the movie only bears slight resembelance to the original  book, this book and movie are perfect compliments to each other.  That's  not to say they are alike; one large difference is that the book is written  in first person whereas the movie is more third person.  However, each  provides new insight into the other.  From the book, we gain understanding  of Stevens' thoughts, and his relationship with his employer.  From the  movie we see more of the relationship between Stevens' and the housekeeper.   What surprised me the most about this is how well the movie, and Hopkins'  acting, captured the thoughts of Stevens'.  There are moments in the movie  that perfectly convey the inner thoughts of Stevens' written only in the  book.  Both the book and the movies are great independantly; but in tandem,  they reveal a masterpiece.
B000003TA4|5.0|Forget the moaning Goths who cry &quot;But where's the grunge?&quot; This is the best and most accessible album of one of the greatest rock bands of all time.All the songs rock ( not just smells like teen spirit)In Bloom and  Lounge Act are fantastic as well as more subtle songs such as something in  the way.It is admittedly the least Nirvanaesque of their albums but his  takes nothing away from it, but only adds to its quality with songs such as  (hairspray queen etc left out). The only bad reviews you'll get for this  albums are by people are by those who do not like this kind of music and  for some reason a backlash from those who like it too much. Confused? Buy  the album and very little will be revealed, oh well whatever nevermind.
0780021967|4.0|Although this doesn't rank as high as Hitchcock's greatest films, such as North by Northwest, Vertigo, or Rear Window--The 39 Steps has an engaging story that keeps the audience moving along with its brisk pace.<br />The movie  introduces many classic Hitchcock staples.  Fans will see many similarities  to later works.  Most notable is the classic Hitchcock theme of the  wrongfully accused hero.<br />Hitchcock, as always, demonstrates a mastery of  the visual medium; the film is rich with story telling enabled through  skillful use of the camera, rather using dialog as a crutch.<br />The DVD  includes a so-so documentary that surveys his early work in British film.   A running commentary is also available, that highlights many fascinating  elements.  Overall, the DVD translation fulfills what I would expect from  Criterion--top notch.
6305095442|4.0|How a directorial debut for a college student named Sam Raimi could result in what is perhaps the most frightening movie ever made is beyond me.  The Evil Dead is an example of pure horror.  It's plot and script aren't  impressive, but the visuals, direction, great camerawork, and impressive  lead performance make for a wild ride filled with numerous jump scenes,  shocks, and scares that are hard to find these days.  <br />By now, most  everybody who is a fan of cult classics should know The Evil Dead's plot.   Five college students, including Ash (Bruce Campbell), take a vacation to  the woods in Tennessee.  They relax in an old cabin where they find a book  in the cellar.  It seems an archaeologist lived in this cabin and he found  this book, entitled the Necronomicon from his archaeological digs.  The  five friends play a tape recorder that chants passages from the  Necronomicon and thus awakens the evil dead, bringing the evil spirits  alive and possessing the students one by one.<br />The Evil Dead is by no  means a character driven piece like The Exorcist or The Sixth Sense, but  that doesn't mean we don't for the characters.  As a matter of fact, the  lead performance from Bruce Campbell is stellar.  His character Ash is  believable in the situations he's in and there's no form of manic  exaggeration that's found in the sequels.<br />This may perhaps be the best  directorial debut film I have ever seen.  Sam Raimi knows how to make a  movie.  He can take a weak script and turn into a frightfest (and  gorefest).  He hasn't really made a horror film since this one though his  mainstream attempts are also good.  I still would like to see him make  another horror movie, but not an Evil Dead 4.  I don't really think sequels  should have been made to this film.  That's not to say I didn't enjoy them.   Evil Dead 2 was mediocre but Army of Darkness was very funny and  entertaining.  I think the way The Evil Dead ended with its spectacular  (and quite freaky) final scene was a good way to end it.  If you thought  the final scene to The Blair Witch Project was creepy then you'll truly be  freaked out by The Evil Dead.
6305750750|5.0|True to the action of the first star wars movie 24 years ago, there is plenty of action, great computer modeling, and a very interesting storyline- that of the young Anakin Skywalker, and how he was before he  became Darth Vader.  Also, a great light saber fight at the end.  Very true  to the flavor of the first film. I loved it, saw it three times at the  theatre- bought the video, and await it  on DVD
6305075379|5.0|Mad Max is certainly not a movie for everybody especially not your Saturday night date but it has proved to be an excellent guy movie and it sucks that the good ol' USA had it dubbed,edited or how 'bout butchered.   The dubbed American version has however grown on many of us and is  certainly an excellent action/horror/western/biker movie.  This version  will probably always be available but if you ever have a chance to see the  original or even own it, you are in for a true delight.  The Aussie  dialogue is not as difficult as &quot;A Clockwork Orange&quot; but can be  hard to understand at times but you get what they are saying.  Also, there  are several key sequences that were edited that adds to the tension (hence  forth the horror genre).  Although, some would disagree, a director's cut  is certainly deserved to this cult classic, one that restores the the  original sounds and lost(?) edited scenes.  MAD MAX is definitely a high  energy movie that every guy should own.  There is real movie magic at work  here while still displaying an artistic approach(an angle rarely explored  in action movies of years since its premier.)
0684872153|5.0|Could not put this book down.  It tells about the life of a poor and confused (in some ways) child in Ireland.  A must read!
6302298695|5.0|This movie was excellent. I own this for VHS and DVD and have seen it about 11 times and enjoy watching it each time. I like to show it to my friends who also think it is a good movie. It is so real and true and the  actors are great in it.
0790729652|1.0|Don't buy this dvd cause Warner may release this title in a near future again with special features,trailers,notes and etc.Just like they did with Twister,Interwiew with the Vampire...and more to come....
0553213105|5.0|I was 12 years old and had the rare privilege of going shopping alone with my Mum.  (With 2 sisters and a brother, this event was EXTREMELY rare.)  I asked if we could browse in the book store.  Half an hour later, we  emerged.  I was carrying a paperbag in which was enclosed my first copy of  'Pride and Prejudice'.  As soon as we got in the car I started reading.  I  finished the book that night and I started it again the next morning.  Even  at 12 years old, I knew I was experiencing a masterpiece.  In the 15 years  since that day I have revisited the story of Elizabeth and Darcy numerous  times.  It just keeps getting better and better.  Elizabeth was my idol.  Darcy replaced Prince Philip, (from Disney's 'Sleeping Beauty'), as the man  of my dreams.  Mrs Bennett's nerves began to irk me as much as they did the  long-suffering Mr Bennett.  I love this book and I can't even begin to  praise it, and the wonderful Jane Austen, enough.  If you haven't read it -  WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?  If you have read it, I think its time to get it  off your shelf, or get down to the library and relive the magic of 'Pride  and Prejudice' all over again.
0790731002|1.0|Don't buy this dvd cause Warner may release this title in a near future again with special features,trailers,notes and etc.Just like they did with Twister,Interwiew with the Vampire...and more to come....
0060277246|5.0|I received my copy of this fabulous book when I was 9 years old.  I devoured it many times over a couple of months, and have revisited the magical world of the cupboard many times since then.  I think this was the  beginning of my obsession with all things English.  I remember searching  through all the cupboards in the house looking for a Narnia and being  severely disappointed when I was unsuccessful.  I decided that the only  place where wonderful, magical things happened was in England.  Only in  England could characters like the White Witch, Aslan and Lucy, Susan, Peter  and Edmund have exciting, magical adventures.  Even now at 27, I still have  this child-like fantasy that England is a magical place filled with the  possibility of adventure and excitement.  This wonderful book is enjoyable  for all ages.  There is nothing that has been written since that compares  with C.S. Lewis's most famous book.  You must not delay any longer.  Buy a  copy!  Read it!  You will enjoy it!  That I can guarantee.
0790730960|1.0|Don't buy this dvd cause Warner may release this title in a near future again with special features,trailers,notes and etc.Just like they did with Twister,Interwiew with the Vampire...and more to come....
6304578482|4.0|Having been considered a nobody at high school, (if I was actually considered at all), this movie represents my ultimate fantasy - to be a roaring success at a high school reunion!   I don't know why people are  saying that Jennifer Aniston is the only successful film 'Friend' because I  haven't seen Lisa Kudrow put in a bad performance yet!   Making millions of  dollars isn't the only indicator of a great film, you know!  For all you  fellow ex-high school nerds out there, this movie is a must see.  It will  give you many hints on what to do and not do should you feel the need to  relive past suffering and attend a high school reunion, whilst providing  many belly-laughs along the way.
0790729628|1.0|Don't buy this dvd cause Warner may release this title in a near future again with special features,trailers,notes and etc.Just like they did with Twister,Interwiew with the Vampire...and more to come....
B000002JK4|5.0|The years have made the difference, as I had bought this CD having only remembered &quot;Big Log,&quot; a touching piece that is reminiscent of the quieter aspects of my childhood.  It is the other tracks that make for an  interesting listen.  Songs such as &quot;Thru with the Two Step&quot; and  &quot;Other Arms&quot; proving that diversity within a CD can need not  distract the listener, but provide a good experience.  All in all, a  wonderful album despite its 'quirks' and relative obscurity.
6303029027|5.0|I am a Bronx girl, and although I am not of the Italian echnic group, I am nevertheless Italian at heart, and Italian in much of my way of thinking.  <br />I still believe that not the entire filming of this movie was made in  Astoria.  The shots around the church had without a doubt, to have been Our  Lady of Mount Carmel on Arthur Avenue, since I have gone to weddings there.   Yes, Robert DeNiro did a superb job of directing this film about life in  the Bronx in the early to late 1960's, because there was the added  advantage of Mr. DeNiro being a Bronx native himself.<br />As a viewer, and as  a reviewer, I was able to come away from this film with equal respect for  Lorenzo and for Sonny.  Lorenzo was the hard working family man with the  Italian practicalmindedness, and Italian knowing when it came to every day  life.  Yes, Sonny was the head mobster of the Belmont section of the Bronx  that one did not dare to cross.  However, he without a doubt was the strong  father figure for young C because had C not become close to Sonny, he might  have become close to the local wise guys his own age, and met with their  extreme inevitable.<br />However, I am not inclined to agree with the part  where C makes a date with the young African-American girl, and attempts to  meet her in her surroundings, and attempts to bring her into his  neighborhood.  My disagreement with this part is not from a racial  prejudice perspectice, but this was the late 1960's, and racial unrest was  running very strong at that particular time.  I came from the Highbridge  section of the Bronx, and there was an Italian enclave along with the  Irish, Jewish and Scandinavian ones, but there was not a little Italy in  Highbridge per se, and there were several racial incidents there at that  time which had reached the media.  Therefore, the part whereby C dates and  romances Jane, the African-American girl, and it is accepted by Sonny, I  find it to be rather far-fetched for the late 1960's.<br />I truly appreciated  all the local color with the pisanos sitting around on their wooden chairs  out on the street and shooting the breeze.  The place where C used to sneak  off before going up to his apartment with his parents was referred to as a  bar.  But the vision of an Irish bar, and an Itanlan bar differs.  The  Italian bar is more like a clubhouse, whereby the pisanos meet to have  coffee, and discuss important business.  The local fruit merchant who came  around with his horse reminded me of Harry who came around Highbridge on  his horse, and I can still hear him yelling 'peache, peache.'  And, we were  bratty little kids who would torment him at times. When I saw the young  boys hitching onto the back of the crosstown bus across Fordham, it brought  to mind the young boys who used to hitch on the back of the Ogden Avenue  trolley cars.  Johnny on the Pony was a game that I have not thought of in  nearly 50 years.  A story out of one of the neighborhoods of my  brother-in-law is that he experienced breaking his arm with that  game.<br />The connection with the mob was not as widespread in Highbridge as  in the Belmont Avenue neighborhood, but in later years there were stories  of isolated incidents, such as the local ice man.  When another ice man was  going to move into the neighborhood, he received word that if he did, he  would be run out to the extreme.  Therefore, our local ice man had no  competitors in his business in Highbridge.  If there was any Irish mafia, I  was totally unaware of it, but there might have been only not as clearly  defined as in Charlestown, Massachusetts with their code of silence.   <br />Wow!  This was a powerful movie for me.  It brought back so many  memories of the old neighborhood with families, extended families, and the  team spirit with occasional hostility, but with a genuine respect for their  families, and their surroundings in which they lived in the Bronx.<br />Mr.  DeNiro, please direct more films.
0440178002|5.0|This book is the best I have ever read not only because of heart stopping action, a great story or high lierary quality, It is because of it's ability to teach me something so interesting when taught in the correct  way. Shogunite Japan is one of the most interesting time periods that has  ever been. Yet it is also one of the worst represented. Clavell's book  shows us a view of the world through the eyes of a man used to living in  the sewer that was England at that time, and places him in the civilized  world of Japan. The novel is gripping and I guarantee once you have started  to read you will not be able to put it down.<br />   P.S. Not many people  realize that Shogun is actually based on the story of the Japanese General  Ieyasu and an Englishman named Adams.
B00000JMOJ|5.0|I thought this adaption of Stephen King's novella was an excellent movie. Richard Dawson is superb as the sinister Damon Killian. Arnold Swartzenegger is perfect for the role of Ben Richards, the wrongly accused  policeman. The futuristic scenes look much like that of the early '90's. A  well planned movie, with a killer climax. Richard Dawson makes this movie  great.
0767802659|5.0|First, take a look at Malachi's extremely funny review, I enjoyed it almost as much as the movie. The ironic attitude in this film is quite overwhelming; if you don't get it, you might end up not liking the film.  But, anyone with a sense of humour and an IQ above 15 should be really  entertained!
B00000IQBM|5.0|The scariest parts were the woman in 237 and the 2 girls. they should have made the movie with more scary parts. In the book the hotel blows up, they also should have did the same thing in the movie. And they should have  added the ending part, when they are in the hospital. Other than that it`s  pretty good
0743200799|5.0|Thanks to &quot;Apollo13&quot;, Gene Kranz's name has become known to new generations, as well as those whose memories of the moon landings had faded. Even so, few knew much about the man who played a key role in the  whole of America's space programme, from its first (sometines desperate)  attempts to keep up with Russia's lead, until the Shuttle took on Kennedy's  torch into space.<br />This book provides a clear insight into the space  programme itself, but (unlike other books on the subject) it gives the  reader a rare glimpse of the inner thoughts, fears, and patriotism of the  man who was only 35 when he led the team of controllers which actually  guided the Apollo missions to their objectives (and got them home when  things went wrong).<br />Kranz is open about his strong religious convictions,  his patriotism for his homeland, and his absolute belief in what he was  doing. His commitment to the men with whom he worked comes across strongly,  &quot;men&quot; who themselves were in the main only just out of  college.  In many ways, this might be expected, from a former fighter pilot, and a  man whose crewcut hair style scared off the boys chasing his daughters.  What is unexpected, is the raw emotion that the experiences which he went  through generated in him. Kranz is honest throughout each chapter of this  entralling book.<br />He writes as both a team player, and a team leader.  Reading the book clearly shows why he is in demand at conferences to speak  and pass on some of his proven ideas about clear leadership and vision.<br />I  confess to being both a space buff, and a fan of Gene Kranz. Nervertheless,  I can strongly recommend the book which serves not only as another historic  record of those exciting times, but also as being a book which, for once,  shows in a meaningful way how something can be achieved, if the team want  it badly enough.
B00000J7JO|3.0|I bought this CD after listening to &quot;Otherside&quot; many times on the radio. I had also previously watched &quot;Behind the Music&quot; and heard the song &quot;Scar Tissue.&quot;  I really had no intrest in the  band, and was suprised &quot;Otherside&quot; was by the Red Hot Chili  Peppers.  So, then I shrugged and rode my Go ped over to Sam Goody, where I  bought the CD.  Long story short, I listened to it once and never again.  I  figured out that I could have got the song on MP3, and would have been  happy.<br />     My rating: 2.5 stars are for &quot;Otherside&quot;                  .5 stars for the tight CD cover
B000002LE6|5.0|Yes, it worth the money ! This is The Artist's most funky album since Parade, and it is much better than that one ! Eye know, Alphabet Street, Anna Stezia, Lovesexy, Positivity and all the others make this album a  master piece ! His name is Prince, and he's funky ... on this album very  funky !
B00003CWL5|5.0|I have never seen a more amazing movie.  If you don't use beautiful to describe it, use amazing.  Kevin Spacey did such a wonderful job.  When I left the theater, I was in such awe.  I was speachless.  This movie really  makes a person think about what is going on in their life.  It is a movie  about Life and it could not portray it any better.  The way the movie is,  is the most amazing thing ever.
B00004RHZU|5.0|Pink's &quot;can't take me home&quot; is one of the best entire CD's that I have heard in a long time!  I met her today and she was really nice, I already had her cd, she signed my cover.  She's the real deal.  VERY  talented and I hope she makes it BIG!  I love this CD and I want to see her  enjoy all the success in the world!
B000002U82|5.0|Dark Side Of the Moon has been called, by many sources, the best Pink Floyd album ever.  It was also named by a popular guitar magazine to be the best album of all time.  DSOM is the original is psyedelic rock.
B00003CWRX|5.0|The Insider is great on so many levels.  It is perfectly acted by an expert cast, with Russell Crowe delivering  without a doubt the best performance of the year.  Al Pacino has been great for so long that is is  easy to take him for granted, but he makes you sit up and take notice of  his talent here, giving a performace that is both slightly over the top and  deeply felt.  Christopher Plumber was amazing as Mike Wallace, he managed  to impersonate the well known newsman perfectly and also make him a  relatively sympathetic character.  Phillip Baker Hall, as always, gave a  rock solid supporting performance as the 60 Minutes producer who kept the  segment in question from airing.  The cinematography was great, the  handheld camerawork adding a sense of urgency to every scene.  And, maybe  most importantly, the story was deep, thoughful, and entertaining.  The  characters were brilliantly developed, and the story was gripping.  The  Insider is over 2 and a half hours long, but it isn't boring at all.   Michael Mann is one of the best directors currently working, all of his  movies have a distinctive look,an attention to detail, and a certain  intangible intellegence.  The Insider has an abundance of all three of  these qualities.
0780619609|5.0|Ninja turtles were the best thing when i was little and they still are now.  In this movie 2 new enemies are introduced, and i thought it was going to be Bee-Bop and Rocksteady but is was suprised.  Super Shredder was  the coolest thing to see, i was so impressed.  The turtles also get down  with vanilla ice for yet another awesome scene.  If you like turtes, this  is the movie for you.
B000002TYK|5.0|I bought this album when I was just getting into music, and what can I say? Dave Grohl is one of the best song writers of our time. There is absolutely no filler on this album at all. Every single song sounds  excellent! Obviously some of them are better than the others e.g.  &quot;This Is A Call&quot;, &quot;I`ll Stick Around&quot;,  &quot;Floaty&quot; and &quot;Weenie Beenie&quot;. If your into any kind of  alternative then I very strongly suggest you get this album.
0780619609|5.0|Ninja turtles were the best thing when i was little and they still are now.  In this movie 2 new enemies are introduced, and i thought it was going to be Bee-Bop and Rocksteady but is was suprised.  Super Shredder was  the coolest thing to see, i was so impressed.  The turtles also get down  with vanilla ice for yet another awesome scene.  If you like turtes, this  is the movie for you.
6302136105|5.0|i was not a doors fan until i watch this movie - his whole look on life &amp; experiences have captivated me -
0780619609|5.0|Ninja turtles were the best thing when i was little and they still are now.  In this movie 2 new enemies are introduced, and i thought it was going to be Bee-Bop and Rocksteady but is was suprised.  Super Shredder was  the coolest thing to see, i was so impressed.  The turtles also get down  with vanilla ice for yet another awesome scene.  If you like turtes, this  is the movie for you.
B000002KDX|5.0|America's first album was a must-have when I was in high school(early to mid-70s)&amp; quickly became a favorite.  Every song is beautiful, these guys blended so well together with acoustic guitar &amp; great harmonies.   While songs like Riverside, Sandman, A Horse With No Name &amp; I Need You  became hit singles, the other songs are of equal importance.  America was  one of the premier soft rock bands of the 70s and listening to this album  brings back memories of good times and great music.  Highly recommended.
B00000DMJF|5.0|at times this album is simply unlistenable, but at other times (and thankfully more frequent times,) this album can reach such levels of songwriting and musicality that it can make you orgasm.
B000002TQV|5.0|Gary Barlowe?  Isn't he the guy from Take That?  TAKE THAT?  You're comparing Radiohead, a band who has put arguably two of the best records of all time, with a boy band.  This album is transcendent.  Sulk is probably  the only weak track on here.  There aren't any songs on the level of  'Paranoid Android', 'Exit Music', or 'Lucky,' but i think that's to be  expected, considering OK Computer is the greatest album ever made.  Gary  Barlowe shouldn't even be mentioned in the same sentence as Radiohead.   Take that.
B000002W9Q|5.0|I loved this cd. Well, originally, I had the cassette tape, but I like cds more. Anyway, this cd offers a lot of good dancing songs, romance songs, and hip-hop songs. If you want a soundtrack to listen to, I strongly  recommend you listen to the &quot;Dirty Dancing&quot; soundtracks.
0802130208|5.0|I just want to say that, as all you can see in this reviewing site, if you look at all the rankings, there are a lot of possibilities you are goning to love this work. I can assure you that all of the people that not liked  this work, are the kind of people that didn't like the Quixote or  Ulysses.<br />So, they have to hate it because they didn't get it, and have to  hate the people that got the point of this book.<br />It is about the Odyssey  of a fighter against our absurd  world.<br />I think all the people that hate  the book because of their mental poverty, are the Dunces still  confederating against Toole, like we know the dunces confederated against  him through his attempts to publish his book during his final years.  So,  thank all of you Dunces, maybe you not only helped him to die, but you  helped him to give us this masterpiece.  <br />And, like someone below said,  cancel your next three days appointments, you won't be available.
0451160916|5.0|This book is amazing in my opinion because it keeps you turning pages and wanting to read!  A must have for any age!
6305265488|5.0|I have view many versions of Cinderella from musicals (majority) to drama.  What this version with Drew Barrymore as the lead role has are the writers of the script.  What has occurred is the making of a fantasy (fairy tale)  more realistic.  Using characters of real people (The Grimms Brothers) and  the nobilities (real people and time period) just adds to the realism of  it.     This version is heartfelt, humorous and an attention getter.  I  HIGHLY RECOMMEND this movie.
B000023VR6|5.0|This cd is the best West Coast-related yet.Dre comes back and makes up for the lost years with this one. Number 18 should not be listened to by little kids, though. Overall, this CD kicks.
052594527X|4.0|\\"Girl With a Pearl Earring\\" is the first major novel I have read since John Irving's \\"The World According to Garp\\" more than 20 years ago.  As a journalist, I can't explain my aversion to fiction, other than to say that anything akin to \\"once upon a time\\" is already six feet under to me.  Truth has always seemed stranger than fiction.<br /><br />I was attracted to this book for one reason.  I was at the Maurithuis Museum at the Hague in the Netherlands in 1996 and saw Vermeer's \\"Girl with a Pearl Earring\\" and \\"A View of Delft\\" (both pictured on the book's dust jacket) in person.  They are the most unforgettable paintings I have ever seen.  Vermeer's paintings are incredibly hypnotic, drawing us into a time and place that no longer exists.  By virtue of thousands of brush strokes, we are pulled into a time warp which places us into a scene the same surreal way that an old photograph does.<br /><br />This is what author Tracy Chevalier has wonderfully achieved.  Unlike other paintings riddled with religious motifs, nearly all of Vermeer's 35 known works have the ability to force you to think, \\"Yes, this must have been what ordinary life in Holland was like more than 300 years ago.\\"  And one can be  quite moved by this even if one loathes cheap sentiment.<br /><br />The book's triumph is taking the tangible, that is, the painting which still resides in the Netherlands -- fusing it with what historians know about life in  17th century Holland -- and then concocting something that not only is  believable, but plausible, even though our minds are telling us, \\"But this is still a piece of fiction.\\"<br /><br />Griet, our heroine, does seems  mature beyond her years.  Yet her thoughts are not unbelievable when we remember our own youth, what scared us, moved us, what made us care about what others thought.  We felt wise beyond our years.  Only later did we discover how naive we were, how much more we had yet to learn.<br /><br />Griet's narration reads better if we imagine her telling her story from the point of view of an adult reflecting about her thoughts when she was 16, and not in the present tense, as presented here.  Still, there is a soft rhythm in her narration that doesn't seem pretentious in a way that would call attention to the author's writing style, the mortal sin of any book.  When something is good, we don't think about how words are strung together.  We are so enthralled that time loses all meaning, like a dog whose only notion of it is something nebulous that must last forever.<br /><br />The events which force Griet to work for Vermeer and the tragedy that occurs later, have less emotional impact on Griet as a 17th century girl than if she were a 21st century girl.  They are treated without sappiness.  We watch Griet's transformation as an attractive young woman who is already aware of her effect on men, to something more complex and cunning.  We listen to her efforts to de-feminize herself to deflect unwanted attention, her silly and resigned rationalizations in her trading of dispassionate \\"minor\\" sexual favors to achieve her goals, however vague they may seem.  We deduce that Griet is a creature of the moment in her actions, but oddly, in her mind, she is also a girl who has one eye on her own future, as well as her family's.<br /><br />The greatest scenes in the book are the conversations, sparse as they are.  When Vermeer tackles the complex subject of religious attitudes toward paintings and whether they have any relevance to the viewer, despite the fact that his paintings are not riddled with religious themes -- he does so with such clarity and logic -- that it has you soaring into the stratosphere, like listening to Einstein breaking down the theory of relativity into simple language that anyone can understand without being offended.<br /><br />In addition, Griet's efforts to articulate her emotional feelings about the master Vermeer are wonderfully conveyed.  She is explicit in almost every other emotion, but never about her growing romantic feelings toward Vermeer.  Yet it is clear in her narration that she loves Vermeer in her own special way.  This, to me, is what others have long said to be the essence of romance.  It is the notion of \\"what if?\\" and all that it entails, while the rest is just  \\"life as it all turned out.\\"<br /><br />The few sexual passages in this book do seem off-kilter to its mostly placid and intelligent tone.  They were necessary to illustrate Griet's awareness of her allure, as well as her low self-image, which betray her confident narrative.  But it would have been better to allude rather than to describe what seems mildly lurid.  My first thought was, \\"Well, here's the 'PG-13' portion of the book  which calls attention to itself.\\"  The placid tone Chevalier has painstakingly created is now jarring, a rant against the sufferings inflicted upon women by bestial men throughout time.<br /><br />The book's ending (without giving it away) is \\"Zhivago-esque\\" (the movie and not the Pasternak book, though purists say one should never compare apples to oranges).  It is gentle, oblique and rich with a wonderful sense of irony and closure.  It has a completeness that takes many other authors several  hundred more pages to convey.<br /><br />Turning fiction into reality, mixing facts with a creative extrapolation of how the \\"Girl with a Pearl Earring\\" came to be, is the magic all of the world's best writers desire.  Minor faults aside, Chevalier's account is brilliant enough that in my mind, Vermeer's painting is now inextricably linked to Chevalier's book.<br /><br />The girl now has a name and her name is Griet.  The result, quite eerily, is this.  After reading \\"Girl With a Pearl Earring\\" --  how can anyone look into those luminous eyes of the girl in Vermeer's painting -- in quite the same way again?
0140186409|4.0|As a 9th grader I am a great fan of Steinbecks work. Of Mice and Men, The Pearl, and East of Eden are but a few of my favorite books. John Steinbeck has a way of digging into every reader of his books. His books help his readers learn about past events and even about themselves. The Grapes of  Wrath is one of his greatest books, second only to &quot;The Winter of Our  Disscontent&quot;. Grapes of Wrath is full of tragedy, love and suspense,  yet remains to be a very intelligent and insightfull book on the human  soul. Im not saying this book is for everyone though. Its 619 pages long  and most of that is dialoge. Every odd chapter tells the setting of the  chapter to come. This can become tedious but truly gives a vivid picture of  exactly the Joad family and the country are going through. I do recommend  this book, but I believe the reader needs to have a lot of patience and a  lot of time on their hands.
0446525537|5.0|If this book doesnt move you, if it doesnt shake the very core of your soul, you can't be moved or you may be dead inside. Nicholas Sparks has taken an ordinary story and transformed it into a rich,moving story of the  heart. How can even the most hardened soul not wish they were Landon  Carter? I found myself wanting to be him, to be half the man at 38 that he  was at 17, to love like that...unconditionally ,no matter what the cost or  the circumstances. To reach back into our childhood, to remember the stages  of our lives, the joys and sorrows, the loves gained and lost, and then to  find the one great love of your life...it is a great happiness and doesnt  come around more than once in life. Landon found it and i found it  again.Hear the music of your heart...read&quot;A Walk to Remember&quot;.
6304025831|5.0|Where to begin!  This movie had just about everything you could possibly ask for.  Great cast, great storyline, great soundtrack, great everything!  From the start of the movie where you get a behind-the-scenes look at life  in the casino, to the end when everyone starts to tumble, it is one great  scene after another.  I myself am not really big on gangster type movies,  but this one really won me over.  Take a Saturday or Sunday afternoon and  spend the 3 hours running time to watch this one.  I guarantee you'll find  it in your VCR or DVD player more than once.
6305627401|5.0|when i first saw it in the movies i had to go back the next day because i wanted to see it again!
6301095294|1.0|Before I even begin this review, I just want to say that I am one of the big Beatlemaniacs.  I love their music and their movies.  Well, until I saw this one.  While I appreciate the Beatles' odd sense of humor, I could not  appreciate whatever it was that they were attempting to do in this video.   It's short, it's confusing, and it wasn't worth the price paid.  My best  recommendation here is to borrow it from a friend who has a copy first  before making this choice.  I know now that is what I should have done.
6300268470|2.0|RIO BRAVO is sad, in that it shows Howard Hawks long past his prime. Hawks had his golden period from TWENTIETH CENTURY through RED RIVER. His later films, including this poorly structured, tritely written and clumsily acted  (especially in its degrading treatment of its Mexican characters) western,  are cardboard cutouts compared to his earlier films. If it's John Wayne and  Dean Martin you want at the top of their games, check out SONS OF KATIE  ELDER, one of the best of all westerns. Of course, its director, Henry  Hathaway, isn't looked on with favor by the auteurist clique, thus it isn't  given its due. But watch RIO BRAVO and SONS OF KATIE ELDER back-to-back,  and decide for yourself which film is the better.
0060234814|5.0|THE LION, THE WITCH, AND THE WARDROBE has become one of the best-known children's books in the world.  The most known of C.S. Lewis's CHRONICLES OF NARNIA, it tells the story of how Peter, Susan, Edmud, and especially  Lucy helped Aslan rid his world of Narnia of the White Witch.  This story,  with it's sweetness and simplness, is the true best of THE CHRONICLES OF  NARNIA, a golden classic, telling a story that led up to Narnia's Golden  Age!  The descriptions are wonderful and the charecters are so lively....  Anyone and everyone should read this book!<br />Also Reccomended: The Other  CHRONICLES OF NARNIA, Harry Potter, His Dark Materals, Mary Poppins, The  Hobbit, Everworld
B000001IQH|2.0|I fell in love with one of these songs at a listening-station in a record store, and bought the album. But my affection for the music didn't last past the first couple listens. This music has no endurance at all. When  Johnny Rotten said one of the reasons he reunited with the Sex Pistols for  their &quot;Filthy Lucre&quot; tour, was  because, &quot;so-called punk  bands like Rancid are so terrible, I want to show people how punk is done  right,&quot; I knew what he meant.
B000002AS3|4.0|i don't like oasis. their brand of pretty petulance annoys me for reasons that i honestly can't explain. i've proudly dismissed their popularity and have remained faithfully not a fan. instead, many other brit pop acts have  had my attention and dollars: supergrass, suede, super furry animals,  radiohead, to name a few.<br />the oasis 'behind the music' on vh1 made  references to the more raw, energy-packed &quot;definitely maybe&quot;.  possibly because i got tired of disliking them, i went out (wearing a good  disguise) and bought the album.<br />thankfully, it is all that i had hoped it  would be. powerful and bold in attitude, strong songwriting with catchy  hooks, and very little of the 'pretty petulance' i've disliked in  everything else i've heard up until hearing &quot;definitely  maybe&quot;.<br />so, to all the oasis non-believers: i recommend it. to all  the oasis die-hards who have yet to hear this one: be careful, it might  scare you a bit. it's certainly not wimpy and can probably beat you up!
0812932293|5.0|As a review below said, Branson was lucky. But he did do with his luck what many people wouldn't with similar luck. His big piece of luck, though, as Branson himself admits, was being able to release Michael Oldfield's  &quot;Tubular Bells&quot; on Virgin Records. Every other record label had  turned the album down. If one of the other labels had signed Oldfield,  Branson wouldn't have been able to say (as he does in the book): &quot;It  was Oldfield's record that brought in the money that enabled me to build  the business Virgin now is.&quot; This book is entertaining and  educational.
B000002J0B|5.0|I have listened to all of Zep's CD's for years now, and there is something great on every one of them.  I have to say, though, this CD is still my favorite.  &quot;The Song Remains The Same&quot; still makes me want to  jump up and dance.  It has such an incredible driving beat.  &quot;The Rain  Song&quot; is definitely one of their most beautiful and moving songs.  The  piano and mellotron were a nice change of pace.  &quot;Over The  Hills...&quot;  starts out light and breezy, but eventually kicks in to  rock gear in typical Zeppelin fashion.  A classic.  The rest of the CD  incorporates many different styles, including funk, Eastern, and reggae.   That is what sets Zeppelin, and this CD in particular, apart from other  &quot;hard rock&quot; bands.  Variety is the key.  This CD is a must-have.
B000002UAU|5.0|Truely one of the greatest Beatles albums. Every album they do is great. This is why they are one of the, if not the best rock band ever. This is one of my favorite CD's. I highly suggest you buy it. If you like this, I  also recomend &quot;Abbey Road&quot; or &quot;The White Album&quot;.
B00000J2KX|4.0|Replace your VHS -- but not your LD.  To paraphrase Nicholson, it's baaack:  the same low-end 1:33 edition we all already have two copies of.  The movie-- This is Jack Nicholson's second best performance (after  Cuckoo's Nest) and perhaps Shelley Duvall's best.
B000005ALN|4.0|George Michael's soulful approach in this compact disc is exceptional.  The music is beautifully recorded, giving us R@B, soul, pop, and so much more.  Great job George.
6305750750|5.0|TPM is a great movie!  The only problem I have is with Jake Lloyd's lines.  They could not possibly have been any more unrealistic.  &quot;Yippeee?&quot;  &quot;This is tense?&quot;  Please!  It has a very  good detailed and in depth plot.  You just have to saee it a few times to  fully understand.  I thought Jar-Jar was not as good as Chewbacca, but he  is okay.  I'd say that it is 3rd best out of 4, RTJ being the worst.  The  Ewoks are in the same annoying class as Jar-Jar.  What was Lucas thinking.   Also, the VHS quality is appalling.  I do not have a DVD player, but still  can see that the picture quality was terribly inferior to other VHS movies.   I think Lucas purposely made the VHS tapes poor quality, so everyone who  has already bought the VHS version will definitely buy the DVD version if  it ever comes out, and he will make the money twice.
0792844793|1.0|I have seen the UK version of this DVD, the quality is terrible, as bad as the oldest VHS, chroma bleed and noise destroyed that DVD.  I can only hope that the US encoders do not use the same ratty old VHS to master from that  the UK people obviously used.  This is complete shame as this is one of  Hoppers' great manic moments, the tension present in the film is ever  present and awesome.  5 stars for the film, none for the UK encoding
0553213342|2.0|I read Sense and Sensibility by Jane Austen.  I  thought the book was very good.  Austen portrays Elinor and Marianne very well.  She shows the love and friendship and the jealously of two sisters.  She shows how one sister  can be in love and the other is trying to find the bad in that person.<br />  In the beginning, Elinor finds someone she really likes and Marianne trys  to find the bad in him, like he doesn't like drawing and Elinor does.  Marianne is just jealous that her sister has found someone and she hasn't  found anyone yet.  Marianne wants Edward, Elinor's boyfriend.  Elinor and  Edward don't last that long anyway because they move to Barton Park.<br />  The Miss Dashwood's cousin, Sir John Middleton, writes them a letter and  invites them to move to Barton Park and live in a cottage. They gladly  accept. They tell their brother and his wife and send their belongings in  advance and leave.  They agree to try the cottage out for a year.  Sir John  and his wife are very hospitable to the Miss Dashwood's.  They always  invite them to their house to meet the people of the neighborhood.  The  Miss Dashwood's rarely accepted.<br />  There was on certain time they  accepted and met Colonel Brandon, who is a friend of Sir John. Colonel  Brandon sets his sights on Marianne. Colonel Brandon likes Marianne's  singing and piano playing.  Elinor does not like that idea.  She would  rather him be interested in her instead.  Elinor is now jealous of  Marianne.  She doesn't even care that Edward is supposed to be coming to  see her. Their good-bye was like that of a brother and sister.  They didn't  even kiss good-bye.<br />  The Middleton's are always having someone stay  the night at their house.  The Dashwood's would rather keep to themselves.  When Sir John's wife invites them  to come to the house the Dashwood's are  always busy.  The Dashwood's are the type that would rather do for  themselves.  They are not really the social type.  Mr. John Dashwood and  his wifelive in Norland.  They moved there after his father died.  Mr.  Dashwood made his son promise to provide for his mother and sisters.  Which  meant that he was to give them money.  His wife did not like that idea.  She thought that they could find their own money and that the money was the  only reason they were still living in Norland. Which in fact was not true.  They were still living there because they had no where else to go.  Miss  John Dashwood thought that they didn't deserve any money from them whether  they were family or not.  She thought only of herself and her son not of  her husband's family.<br />  John Dashwood wanted to give them three  thousand pounds apiece.  His wife wouldn't hear of it.  She thought that  they would never pay it back because they had no source of income.  She  managed to talk her husband down to about five hundred pounds.  They  managed to get out of paying the women any money because they decided to  move Barton Park.  In the end they both marry and are happy.  They  don't  live too far away from one another, so they can still fight as they please.  They can stay in touch with one another because family means so much to  them.  In reading this book, I had a little trouble  understanding and  following the context in some places, but I enjoyed the book.  I would  recommend it to young women who like to read romances.  It is very much so  a romance, yet it is also a book about the love that two sisters have for  one another.  Sense and Sensibility is  rather difficult to follow in some  spots.  I highly recommend this to young women who enjoy reading romances.
0684800713|4.0|&quot;The Sun Also Rises&quot; is a classic example of watching something bad, and enjoying it. The character's in Ernest Hemingway's novel encompass every emotion from embarrassment, to greed, to downright meanness. Lady  Brett Ashley has to be one of the most selfish character's I have read in a  long time, and yet you still like her in certain moments, even though you  should drop her right there. This group of American expatriates drinking,  partying, and carelessly making their way from Paris to Pamplona make you  dizzy with their recklessness while at the same time you keep turning the  page, waiting for the consequences. The consequences do come, but they tend  not to last too long and then they are off again for another drink.       The detail written in this book is wonderful. You feel you know every  corner of every street between Paris and Spain, and the smells and sounds  along the way.      All in all, I came away from this book thinking,  &quot;What terrible people, I must read that again!&quot;
0060977493|5.0|The God Of Small Things, a novel by Arundhati Roy, is a tragic story that  gives insight into the effects of India's political/social problems on the everyday family in their everday lives; the ways in which these problems  can destroy both rich and poor.  Through the eyes of a wealthy Syrian  Christian family in Kerala, the dynamics of the Indian caste system are  revealed, as well as the punishments for those who violate its rigid  boundaries. Even those who claim to stand up for the untouchables, hold  them back, because they greedily climb through politics to reach higher  social status.  The novel flips back and forth in time, which allows  the story to unravel with much intrigue.  The constant foreshadowing kept  me wondering what exactly was going to happen, and how, and why.  Roy's use  of stream of conciousness allows the novel to come alive.  It gives me a  personal connection to the characters and a light hearted feel in some not  so light hearted moments.  Her vivid imagery makes it easy to invision the  scenes, as if I am watching a movie.  It allows me to completely forget  that it is only a book, that there is no real reason to laugh, no real  reason to cry.  She also makes multiple allusions that give the novel a  contemporary feel which made me realize that not all of India is built of  poor tribes, but that there are in fact areas with reasonable amounts of  technology and advancement.  When she tells a story it is somehow  magickal.  It draws me in and leaves me spellbound.  No matter how the  family broke the love laws it did not disgust me; instead I somehow  understood their feelings, even when what happened was against my basic  values.  It amazes me that an author could have the ability to catch me off  guard and overstep my morals, and allow me, for a moment, to accept what I  have always considred unacceptable.  I finished the novel wanting to read  it again, and wishing that I had written it.    In reading the novel   for a second time, itstill took hold of my emotions and carried me through  it with an equal amount of excitement and anticipation.  Arundhati Roy  truly reached with this novel her definition of a great story:     \\"...the secret of the Great Stories is that they have no secrets.  The  Great Stories are the ones you have heard and want to hear again.  The ones  you can enter anywhere and inhabit comfortably.  They don't deceive you  with thrills and trick endings.  They don't suprise you with the  unforeseen....  In the Great Stories you know who lives, who dies, who  finds love, who doesn't.  And yet you want to know      again\\"(218).   The first time around the novel takes twists and turns and  some actions can not be foreseen but all stories began that way, one day.   Sometimes I pick up the book on any page and just start reading, just for a  moment, to catch another glimpse of that other world which the novel holds.   I get a second to stop and smirk or smile and feel wonderful things.  Even  though I know it, inside and out, I want to know it again. The God Of Small  Things is truly an amazing work of art, sculpted from eloquent language and  an amazing understanding of the human heart.
B00000JCOV|5.0|This is an awsome album made by an awsome band. The lyrics make sense(though you can hardly tell).  They are incredible musicians, but I think #8 should sing more than scream because he has an excellent voice on  &quot;Me In Side&quot;  Incredibly fast drums that want to make you break  stuff, and then reread the lyrics to really understand what they're saying.   Metal at it's finest.
B0000041DF|5.0|I regret that Rachmaninoff never heard Argerich perform his greatest masterpiece -- to witness this incredible, electrifying performance. After the praise conferred on Horowitz, what would have been left to say to her?  He would have had to think of something special -- and no doubt would have.  The propulsive force she brings to this technically daunting work, the  uniqueness of the sound she elicits from her instrument, the fiery nature  of her attacks are unforgettable. Some notes are missed in the fury and  drive of her rendition, but this performance is one for the ages. This live  performance recording captures the hair-raising thrill of what music-making  by great performers is all about. I have listened to many, many performances  of the Third since boyhood. This is the one, if I had to choose, that I  would keep.    I'm sure I will get to the Tchaikovsky performance  eventually. But not for a while.
B000002UDB|4.0|To consider the Magical Mistery Tour an album itself is a mistake (in my humble opinion) because what used to be the vinyl *B* side is nothing but a collection of singles, outstanding masterpieces that were not intended to  be part of an album but just that: Singles. As for the *A* side material, I  think Fool on the Hill stands right next to Michelle and Yesterday as  Paul's masterpiece trilogy, and I am the Walrus is a dadaist, surrealistic  and extraordinaire piece of work by Lennon. So I wouldn't call it an album  as I would  when talking about Seargent Pepper's, Revolver or Rubber Soul;  then The White Album, Let it Be and Abbey Road, are the albums where one  can see how each one of the boys was taking his own creative path.
B00001IVQT|3.0|Ashkenazy simply doesn't have the fire needed for music like this. It is troubling to read a review whose writer thinks that this concerto was made popular by the movie &quot;Shine.&quot; Really? Fact is, one should listen  to the Horowitz recording with Reiner from the 1950s or the more recent and  quite dazzling performance by Argerich under Kondrashin. Ashkenazy plays  all the notes, but forgettably, without drive or engagement. How that is  possible with this incredible masterpiece is beyond me. He electrified me  once with his first recording of Rachmaninoff's Variations on a Theme by  Corelli, but he was younger then and has been a disappointment as a pianist  ever since. How can Gilels, Richter and Horowitz be followed by someone  like this? Performances like this of the Third, and the even worse one of  the Second, will put these marvelous works back in storage. Get the  Argerich: she'll raise the hair on your body (even if, in her passion, she  mises a few notes in her electrifying, volacanic performance). Pass this  one up.
0684874350|5.0|This book was incredibly well-written in my opinion! McCourt shares his childhood meories on growing up poor in Ireland. A great book!
6305665753|4.0|This is a typical Stallone film with a typical Stallone script, which is exactly why I enjoyed it so much.  All the elements are present in Lincoln Hawk, Stallones character in OTT, that made films like Rocky and First  Blood so special. This is basically a road movie about a father whose  trying to win the love of his son, Lincoln's ambition to win the world arm  wrestling championship is cleverly used as a constant parody to the  developing relationship between father and son.  So as long as you aren't  looking for anything too deep and meaningful and appreciate Stallones other  films then you should really enjoy this.
0783225881|5.0|Fantasies come and fantasies go in the movie business but this movie will rank forever as one of the best. It is about as understated and sublime as a movie can get. Fine music, great acting, a superb story, and the happiest  ending a movie could aspire to make this a must in any collection. If you  can, get it in DVD. It is just that much better.
1565113306|5.0|Unless you yourself are a writer, do us all a favor and keep your pseudo-intellectual opinions to yourself. Why are you trying to take apart and analyze every detail and sentence of the book? If you think you can  write a better book yourself...do it!
B0000041Z3|3.0|This is a good introduction to Sibelius's symphonies at an affordable price. It conveys the mystery inherent in the music fairly well. If you are a Sibelius enthusiast, however, you may want to investigate other conductors -- Ashkenazy, Barbirolli, Bernstein, Davis, Karajan, Vanska -- and find your favorite performance for each symphony. That's what I did, and I haven't regretted it. There are many great versions of these symphonies. Maazel is a nice start.
B000001IQH|4.0|Check it out. If you like ruby soho check out junkyman maxwell murder time bomb and the rest
6305750750|3.0|For some reason, I was looking forward to purchasing &quot;Star Wars, Episode I- The Phantom Menace&quot;. Having gone to the theater four times last summer to see it, the video purchase was a given. However, the  experience just isn't the same. Watching at home, I was able to analyze the  film's problems, most notably some exceptionally silly dialogue(the one  that really sticks out is the Jake Lloyd as Anakin &quot;The biggest  problem in this universe is that no one helps each other&quot; line). There  are some talented actors here- Liam Neeson as Qui-Gon Jinn and Ewan  MacGregor's Obi-Wan are fine, but Natalie Portman's constant wardrobe  changes detract from her performance(what's with the Queen's British accent  and Padme's American dialect?).Jake Lloyd, is, well, raw. One must wonder  what Haley Joel Osment could have done with that role. On the plus side,  the lightsaber battle with the two Jedi versus Darth Maul was fantastic.  Too bad Lucas didn't want to keep Maul around for Episode II. The pod race  is nifty as well, although not as refreshing on the small screen. There's  also too much going on at the end with an uninspired space battle, a  childish sequence involving the Gungans and the Trade Federation Battle  Droids, and the aforementioned(but very cool) lightsaber duel. Yes, the  special effects are well done, but there's nothing in the film that makes  you say &quot;How'd they do that?&quot; And this whole situation with no  DVD in the near future. Why, George, why? After five viewings, I've seen  enough of &quot;The Phantom Menace&quot; to hold me over until May, 2002,  when hopefully, we'll see a darker Episode II...although, how dark can it  be if Jar Jar returns?
B000002MTR|5.0|I've read reviews of this CD and some were good, but some said this CD was a dissapointment for the peppers.  But think about it, OHM was a followup to BSSM, which was just amazing.  Dave Navarro added a different rythnm to  the chili's sound and i think it's really cool.  This CD deserves more  praise than it gets.  Some of the songs are so funky, like 'One Big Mob',  'Coffee Shop' and some others.  'My friends' snd 'Tearjerker' show the  pepper's sensitive side.  it's really a cool CD.  i know some hardcore john  fans don't want to like it. but, i think you can be both a john fan AND a  dave fan.  i mean i love john to death, but this CD is really cool too.
B000002VC3|5.0|Absolutley great. I'm a fan of The Alan Parsons Project and I can undoubtly say that Eye In The Sky is one of their best.
B00000K19E|5.0|This film again reflects the hope that the human spirit can overcome all opposition and conquer a seemingly invincible enemy.
0440234743|5.0|An excellent synthesis of tragedy and hope. John Grisham integrates ancient wisdom and real-world problems to show his readers there is more to life than cynicism, nihilism, and self-destruction. Excellent follow up on  his previous titles.
6305750750|4.0|People seem to either love or hate the movie; see the reviews below.  Yes, for numerous reasons, Lucas is downright greedy (i.e. multiple film versions and releases, no standard widescreen tape for sale in North  America).  Lucas needs to cut back on the toy/product endorsements; he is  only contributing to society's problem of materialism.<br />That being said:   I'm sorry to hear so many people whine about DVD.  It's great that you have  the latest technology, but many people only have VHS players, if that.  I  enjoyed the widescreen version of the movie, and life goes on.<br />Listen to  the news.... hear whats happening in South Africa and your DVD problem is  no longer such a big issue.  If it is, just be patient and wait a few years  until the DVD release.  Of course, by then there will be newer and  &quot;better&quot; technologies......
6304711905|3.0|It is impossible not to compare &quot;Tombstone&quot; with &quot;Wyatt Earp&quot;.  Kurt Russell is tough enough, but somehow lacks the darkness of Costner's Earp.  It is a toss-up between Val Kilmer's Doc Holiday and  Dennis Quaid's, both actors gave extraordinary performances.   &quot;Tombstone&quot; seems to stretch a little with things like the Red  Sash Cowboy gang (actually a conceit of Kansas border irregulars) and falls  apart during the Earp vendetta.  I don't understand the need to stray that  far from accuracy when the real story is so fascinating.  The change in  directors hurt &quot;Tombstone&quot; a lot. The subsequent disorganization  reduced it to a good, but not great western.  In spite of my critical  observations, I love both movies and have watched each of them several  times. If you like westerns, you can do a lot worse.
6305537798|4.0|Expecting to see a stupid, cheesy, twelve year old kind of movie, I was actually surprised at how good it was.  Yes of course there was the cheesyness of it, but its defintely worth seeing.  There are some gorgeous  girls and some fine guys in it!   Plus its pretty funny.
6303431038|4.0|Costner is the first actor to show Wyatt Earp as a man with a complex personality.  The nature of the film medium precludes a precisely accurate representation of history. However, this one actually shows character  development from a young man seeking adventure to an embittered and cold  blooded killer.  This is certainly a more realistic portrayal of Earp than  one finds in &quot;Tombstone&quot;. Dennis Quaid is also outstanding as Doc  Holiday.  The film is a little long at times, but is a fine effort and  deserves the respect of western history buffs.
0062502182|3.0|Just about the only cliche for how to live your life not included in this story is &quot;wear clean underwear in case you get in an accident...&quot; <br />Dull writing style, I really don't think this is a case of poor  translation, with a disappointing ending. <br />I give it three stars for the  thought provoking addition to the legend of Echo and Narcissus in the  prologue. If you must, then read the prologue, open up your mind, and work  your way through it.
052594527X|2.0|Perhaps I  delved into this book with overblown expectations.  Or perhaps the author intended to write a simplistic love story rather than tackle the complexity and depth of the art. Whichever the case, I was very  disappointed with &quot;Girl with a Pearl Earring.&quot;  Vermeer's  &quot;Girl&quot; is one of my favorite paintings, so I was thrilled to hear  that someone had written a novel about it.   Unfortunately, Ms. Chevalier's  girl does not have the depth of character that I imagine the girl in the  portrait to have.  Every character in the book, including Vermeer, seems so  one-dimensional that I had a hard time sympathizing with any of them.  I do  appreciate Ms. Chevalier's understanding of the Dutch and think that her  description of Delft did merit a couple of stars. But as a documentary of  Dutch life and culture in the 17th century, I much preferred reading Simon  Schama's Embarrassment of Riches.
B00000K19E|1.0|The Matrix starts like an interesting story, but bad acting and script holes which would drive any educated person mad kills it. The script was written by someone who has no knowledge of laws of thermodynamics. I wish I  could talk about that more without giving out anything of the movie... Add  the great(!) acting of Keanu Reeves: and you have a good comedy with great  visual effects. How can a professional actor not be able to say a decent  &quot;wow&quot;? Look for that while watching and...<br />Have fun!
B00004RYZT|5.0|Contrary to how the technical details of this DVD are listed it IS in fact presented in 5.1 Dolby Digital sound and it IS letterboxed. Before viewing the concert go to the sound set-up menu in the DVD and choose &quot;5.1  Dolby Digital&quot;. If this is not done first the DVD will default to the  2 channel stereo track. Great stuff. Thank you Ramms+ein!
B0000009OU|5.0|I was fifteen when this album came out -- I bought it soon after seeing the band perform &quot;Radio Radio&quot; on &quot;Saturday Night Live&quot;.  Over 22 years ago!  Jeez!  And this album, along with  &quot;Armed Forces&quot; and most of &quot;Get Happy! &quot; are still  among my all-time favorite albums.  Can any other musical artist equal  Elvis Costello's creative period between 1977 and 1979?  I doubt it!  I  also must say something about the Attractions, without a doubt the  tightest, most talented backup band in rock history!  Especially Bruce  Thomas on bass -- what's HE doing with himself lately?  &quot;This Year's  Model&quot; along with &quot;Armed Forces&quot; still sounds as fresh and  innovative now as it did 22+ years ago...just as an aside, I stopped  watching the Grammy Awards the year this came out due to the award for  &quot;Best New Artist&quot; being given to the one hit wonder band A Taste  of Honey rather than EC!   What a travesty!
0316920045|5.0|Infinite jest is complex, at times difficult and a constant puzzle.  It is a fabulous book. If you like a Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius, then you should try this book.  More aggressive and complicated, it is a  book that you will carry with you for as long as you are a reader.  Few  books will generate a greater return for the effort that you put in.
B00000K19E|5.0|Just one word... Wow!
6305750750|1.0|I expected a lot from the Starwars, but I was really disppointed. Jet Li's movies are much better than this stupid movie. Story line is good, but the action scenes are rediculous. Learn from Jet Li. Watch Fist of Legend or  Swordsman 2. You will get 10 times more fun from those movies. Starwar? I  think it's a kids' war.
0440234743|4.0|Grisham really knocked off my socks with surprise and intrigue when the multi-millionair shocks everyone with his own eccentric way of dealing with his money hungry relatives. And that was just the beginning!<br />Grisham  takes you on a quest that anyone would love to partake in even if it is  only through his novel.  Exciting, dangerous, as well as elusive, you will  enjoy this breath taking journey!
6300270432|4.0|This movie is one of the best action films to be made in the seventies and late sixties. It stays away from the anti-establishment preachiness so popular during that time and goes for classic hard-boiled action. And, as  noted by others ,also explores the concepts of honor and friendship. During  this time period several of Hollywood's older leading men who had been real  studs in the forties and early fifties (Mitchum, Holden, Brian Keith, John  Wayne) were turning out some superior action movies with intelligent  scripts. The Yakuza is no exception. Here you have two wildly different  cultures meeting, clashing, but also finding much in common. Two strong and  principled men working together, even though at first they dislike one  another, both always having to work at staying true to their principles  while dealing with the world and those who are not so ethical. Some might  find the message that violence and vengence have a place in the scheme of  things and can actually be cleansing to be disturbing, but this story is  about two warriors(essentially). The warrior strives for perfection in many  things, but pacifiscm isn't one of those. When one is betrayed by a  friend,or one's blood is betrayed then retribution must be dealt to the  betrayer and sometimes honor can only be restored by cutting off one's  finger. To a Western viewer much of this is inconceivable - we're all to  enlightened anymore, but I found this movie to have a ring of truth to it.  Though when I recently watched it with my wife she found it to be somewhat  grotesque. She loves the Lethal Weapon movies - which have as much  substance to them as cotton candy. This movie is a much more solid piece of  filmaking in which the violence has a place. I found it to be restrained  and not gratuitous. It dosen't frolic in death and mayhem for it's own  sake. But having said that the action pieces are fantastic. I also own  Black Rain which is an okay action flick, but once you watch The Yakuza  you'llsee it for what it is - a pale imitation. Watch this movie if you  get the chance. you won't regret it.
0140288503|5.0|This book is one of the most graphic and intense military reads of all time.  No other book I've read has captured the intensity of combat like this one.  From start to finish, the reader actually feels like they are in  the the thick of things.  A five star great read.
6300270432|4.0|This movie is one of the best action films to be made in the seventies and late sixties. It stays away from the anti-establishment preachiness so popular during that time and goes for classic hard-boiled action. And, as  noted by others ,also explores the concepts of honor and friendship. During  this time period several of Hollywood's older leading men who had been real  studs in the forties and early fifties (Mitchum, Holden, Brian Keith, John  Wayne) were turning out some superior action movies with intelligent  scripts. The Yakuza is no exception. Here you have two wildly different  cultures meeting, clashing, but also finding much in common. Two strong and  principled men working together, even though at first they dislike one  another, both always having to work at staying true to their principles  while dealing with the world and those who are not so ethical. Some might  find the message that violence and vengence have a place in the scheme of  things and can actually be cleansing to be disturbing, but this story is  about two warriors(essentially). The warrior strives for perfection in many  things, but pacifiscm isn't one of those. When one is betrayed by a  friend,or one's blood is betrayed then retribution must be dealt to the  betrayer and sometimes honor can only be restored by cutting off one's  finger. To a Western viewer much of this is inconceivable - we're all to  enlightened anymore, but I found this movie to have a ring of truth to it.  Though when I recently watched it with my wife she found it to be somewhat  grotesque. She loves the Lethal Weapon movies - which have as much  substance to them as cotton candy. This movie is a much more solid piece of  filmaking in which the violence has a place. I found it to be restrained  and not gratuitous. It dosen't frolic in death and mayhem for it's own  sake. But having said that the action pieces are fantastic. I also own  Black Rain which is an okay action flick, but once you watch The Yakuza  you'llsee it for what it is - a pale imitation. Watch this movie if you  get the chance. you won't regret it.
B0000062GE|3.0|What's with all the 5 star reviews?   Sorry to say, this CD isn't quite that good.  For starters, a four star band (nevermind a five star band) shouldn't be derivative of any other band, as these guys obviously are to  Nine Inch Nails and Filter.  They should have a distinctive, fresh sound  that remains interesting after a few listens. Secondly, a five star album  should have all distinctly different songs that sound different, but  maintain a similar feel.  This CD has about 8 out of 16 songs (is it just  me, or do tracks 16 and 7 sound eerily alike?  The same goes for tracks 10  and 12). Thirdly, every song should completely blow you away.  Sorry to  say, but the underwritten Goodbye and Drowning fall WAY short of  excellence.  Even the best songs, Save Yourself, How Can I Hold On,  Everything I Touch and Drugstore, sound great, but don't really offer  anything new to the table, as should a five star CD.  As it stands, this CD  makes enjoyable listening for people who can live without too much  substance in their music.  And while they are continually compared with NIN  (I personally think that this is justified, but it's arguable), there's no  denying that the band they're often compared to is head and shoulders above  these guys.  A good effort, but inferior to the works of Nine Inch Nails  and Ministry.
B000021XS0|5.0|I have been a musician all my life and have listened to an enormously wide array of music.  I have been a fan of Dream Theater for many years and I have to say this is the most amazing display of playing I have ever  listened to.  I thought Metropolis Part I was sick.  Scenes From a Memory  defies all musical logic.  The Dance of Eternity (6 plus minute  instrumental) is absolutely amazing with its continuing odd-meter and tempo  changes.  How a band can play that solidly together is baffling.  When I  first listened to The Dance of Eternity, I almost got in a car accident.  I  haven't been this impressed in an album since I first heard 2112 by Rush.   This is the kind of music that deserves to be in the American Music Awards.
B000009ED0|1.0|I don't happen to like rap but was amazed when I found out that the singer of a song who I did'nt know who the artist was turned out to be him. I have no use for the rest of the album except for God Only Knows Why.
B000002UAX|5.0|If you've ever heard a piece of music and thought, &quot;How could anyone possibly enjoy that! &quot;, only to find yourself humming the melody later that day, you can appreciate the White Album.  The Beatles' strength was  not in writing aesthetically pleasing music, but rather sounds that  burrowed into your subconcious and revealed themselves gradually.  Such it  is with the White Album.<br />At a time when the Beatles were considered to be  fragmenting, the White Album is a reflection of the widening gap between  four artists.  Somewhere between pop and rock, this album never decides in  which direction it is heading, and at times loses all grip on  reality.<br />The White Album is stamped with &quot;regular&quot; Beatles  songs.  Rock and pop find their place with songs such as &quot;Back In The  U.S.S.R&quot;, &quot;Ob-La-Di, Ob-La-Da&quot;, &quot;While My Guitar Gently  Weeps&quot;, and &quot;Birthday&quot;, all regulars on any classic rock  station.  Oddity finds its place among songs like &quot;Revolution 9&quot;  (of course), &quot;Wild Honey Pie&quot;, &quot;Yer Blues&quot;, and  &quot;Happiness Is A Warm Gun.&quot;  <br />But where the White Album shines  is in its soft ballads that show a side of the Beatles that most people  never see.  &quot;Dear Prudence&quot;, &quot;Martha My Dear&quot;,  &quot;Blackbird&quot;, &quot;I Will&quot;, &quot;Julia&quot;, &quot;Mother  Nature's Son&quot;, &quot;Long, Long, Long&quot;, and &quot;Cry Baby  Cry&quot; could have easily put together in a seperate album and been gold,  if not very &quot;Beatle-ish.&quot;  These are the songs that carry the  album, though, and show just how versatile the Beatles were.<br />As for  buying the White Album, I would only do so if you're already a Beatle fan  and are looking to add to your collection.  This album is edgy and raw, and  unless you understand from where the Beatles were coming, you might miss  the point.  <br />If you consider yourself a Beatles fan and have never  listened to the White Album, well then, one might argue you're not really a  fan after all.  Regardless of the audience, the White Album will always  give the listener something different each time he or she gives it a spin.
0395645662|4.0|This book is about a 12-year-old , who lives in the ultimate communism. He is chosen to be the giver, and recieves memories from when there was alot more freedom. He decides he has to change things. When it looks like he might do so, the book just stops, like they left out the last 25 pages.  It's terrible.
6303369170|5.0| will never die.Iwill be a turtle and live forever.People who hang on something just try to live.everyone lives in border of her/his own life.one is living for her flying hope;one is living by imitate a film artist;one is  in a great obsession etc.And a man just looking,watching his around to  learn more about the world.a man hasn't grown up yet.a great part of  life.every kind of feelig is in this  film.love,hate,anger,happiness,sadness...another great film by kustrica.you  are gret!
0451196716|5.0|&quot;The Long Walk&quot; was the first book I read by Stephen king. Every year there is an event called &quot;The Long Walk&quot; where 100 teenage boys have to walk as long as they can. If they don't, they die. If they  fall below 4mph they get a warning, the fourth time they fall below 4mph,  they get shot. It's kind of a sad book because almost all of the characters  die, but it's great. You'll have to read it to know what I mean, and I  suggest you do.
6305750750|5.0|What an excellent film the Phantom Menace is. Ok the Jar Jar Binks charactor is a little annoying and sometimes it is a liitle difficult to hear whay he is saying but overall the picture stands up well. You need to  look at this film with the stories of episodes 4,5 &amp; 6 in mind, it does  answer alot of questions.
0451197968|4.0|This book is about Ben Richards. In the year 2025 he goes on a game show called &quot;The Running Man&quot; because he needs the reward money to pay for his daughter's medical bills.  On &quot;The Running Man&quot; they send  people out on the streets and hunt them down. If the people survive for a  month they get 1 billion dollars. There was one part of this book that I  really liked, the ending. It was perfect, it was the only way to bring  &quot;The Running Man&quot;(as in the TV show) to justice.
B00000IL1K|5.0|Sure, she lacks power.  Yes, some of the orchestrations overpower her, but try sitting back and listening to the music.  This CD contains some of the most beautiful music and musical arrangements that I have ever heard.  This  is not &quot;classical&quot; music.  Don't let reviewers who take their  music too seriously keep you from buying this CD.  If you are a musical  &quot;purist&quot;, then this CD is probably not for you.  I find myself  coming back to this CD again and again.  You will too!
0140177396|3.0|This book is about two guys named George and Lennie who travel together. Lennie is retarded  and George takes care of him. The ending is very sad. We read this book in my language class because its supposed to be really good, but I don't see what's so good about it.
0767800958|5.0|I saw The Tango Lesson right after it came out in theatres. Being a foreign film lover it's hard to say that any foreign film is bad. Like with Sally's '93 film &quot;Orlando&quot;, Sally has little dialogue but any  words spoken between her and Pablo Veron (the amazing professional  Argentine tanger dancer) is always profound. If this film, rare in its  existance, had been in colour I feel that would have robbed the beauty of  it. It's intense in both the dancing and the relationship between Sally and  Pablo. Here you've got an ordinary looking woman, in her late forties, and  an intensly good looking man, in his mid thirties, falling in love (Though  I admit Sally's got a grace about her few women have). There are no big  explosions or naked paintings (a.k.a. Titanic) but this film has a  genuinous about it. Strikingly beautiful with amazing music and  cinematography, Oscar nominated (for Orlando) director Sally Potter strikes  gold again.
0151001634|5.0|I recently read the short version of 'Flowers for Algernon' and now I'm currently reading the novelized version.  Never in my life has a character touched my heart as much as Charlie Gordon.  Daniel Keyes' style of writing  in this novel really makes us empathetic towards Charlie's feelings.   Simple little things that everyone takes for granted really touch you in  this story.  Charlie's determination is very inspirational for us all and  teaches us to make the best of what we have and do the best at what we can  do.  Everyday when I read there is always some small thing that makes me  cry, whether it be some little remark he says or something he does.  I  remember after finishing the short story I could not stop crying, and being  at school i was left in an unfortunate situation.  Even when I think about  little things that happen or that he says I get a little misty.
6302914191|5.0|When the series came out in 1990 it grabbed the attention of many viewers including myself. Ten years later I've seen the series again on Bravo &amp; it's just as sad, unnerving, mysterious, romantic and funny as it was then.  As Dale Cooper would say &quot;damn good cup of coffee&quot;. The  popularity of Twin Peaks may be due to the array of characters that ranged  from funny to terrifying. Something for every viewer! Watch it again or for  the first time.
6305537798|5.0|I just want to say that I already own this movie and when I first saw it, I thought that it was incredible.  You really have to see this movie and buy it!
B00000IBRX|5.0|This is a must see if you fit into certain catagories. Not for men that hate &quot;mush&quot; movies..although if trying to set a romantic mood...an excellent choice. If you are into art and effects, a Robin  Williams fan (although be warned it is not a comedy), a romance fan, or in  the mood for something that will make you appreciate the things you have  and the importance of family: this movie is a Must See. I have a tape  collection of over 1,000 movies and have seen more than that and I can  honestly say this is the BEST LOVE STORY I HAVE EVER SEEN. The movie is  full of excellent picturesque scenery and a very heart pulling plot.  Definitely bring the tissues...even my husband cried...and he doesn't do  that. The movie has extremely romantic tones...everything has a rich feel  to it. Robin Williams does an amazing job of playing it straight and not  overdoing it...definitely a credit to his acting capability. Give this film  a chance...I promise you won't be dissapointed.
B00000G3Q4|5.0|What a good, gory movie!  Spent the entire time pacing the living room screaming &quot;oh, that's so wrong!&quot;...especially during the pencil in the ankle scene (twist it some more).  Too bad giggle girl didn't get  the chain saw.  And where was Ted (Raimi)?   Don't miss Army of Darkness  (and Ted's cameo)!
6305750750|5.0|This was a very good beginning to the series. I've read the reviews and only have a couple things to say...Those people whom were dissappointed...remember one thing...many of us were young when the  original Star Wars episodes came out. To us...nothing could surpass  them...they are immortal. The thing to understand is that our children will  enjoy this updated work as we did the originals. I watched this with my son  and was completely spellbound by the way he was drawn into the movie...as I  was with Star Wars episode IV. This movie bridged a gap between me and my  son....Finally a movie we could enjoy together. As for Ja Ja...did anyone  ever think he was put there to draw a child's attention...like the Ewolks  in VI. My son thought he was hysterical...and if you pay close attention he  has a Bill Cosby quality about him...(the dentist joke from Bill Cosby  Himself). For those that were too busy nit picking...I feel sorry for  you...every gesture in this movie...every glance and smile, was leading to  something greater. You're going to look foolish when the whole of this work  unfolds...and then you'll have to watch this again to understand  everything...<br />I was entirely pleased with this movie...it served as a  fantastic step in the process of the masterpiece that has become a legend  and has brought a new audience with it. I can't wait to sit in anticipation  with my son and see what will unfold in Episode II...Enjoy the movie...and  remember to those of us here from the beginning...nothing can replace the  reverence we found in Episodes IV, V, and VI...but isn't it nice to know  that we have the ability to share that with our children...Finally a movie  that will draw them into the others so they can see it as we saw  it...without automatically thinking...oh great, another old movie that mom  and dad want me to watch.
0394873742|5.0|This is a great book for toddlers and preschoolers, it's as big as they are and chock full of Scarry's signature illustrations. Even though this book is tall, it is very thin and slides behind a toychest or headboard  easily.
B000002UZ4|4.0|Discography is the greatest compilation of EURODANCE in `90s and years to come. I wouldn' t normally do this kind of thing: writing a review on EURODANCE music (  When feel like dancing, I do it to American R&amp;B  ).<br />From the debut single and no. 01 hit, &quot; West End Girls &quot; all  the way to that total dress-up version of the classic like &quot; Always on  My Mind, &quot; you know that these two techno dudes are here to stay and  for real in what they' re doing. They almost break every rule of dance /  house music, especially in terms of more substantial lyrics (  check out  &quot; Opportunities &quot; among others ) and more complicated, creative  musical structure ( check out &quot; Domino Dancing &quot; ).  And only GOD  knows what that so damn long revelation intro in &quot; It' s A Sin &quot;  is all about......Check this one out if you like listening to American Top 40  mainstream dance music in `80s or `90s, you will like this one: It' s very  US chart-friendly compared to other Euro-artists'.<br />Warning: This album  contains some numbers you may find sexually arousing and  hedonistic-oriented...As if you didn' t like that....
6305750750|4.0|While the movie was great, I would've liked the home version better if it was on DVD.  Unfortunately, Lucas sunk so much capital into the Laserdisc, I'm sure he still holds a grudge against DVD.  Nevertheless, the film is  fun to watch if for no other reason than the effects.
6303148352|5.0|On the small remote island of Isla Nublar, seventy-five miles off the west coast of Costa Rica, man brought nature's most extraordinary creatures back from the past using a special technique of recovering and cloning dinosaur DNA.     Now dinosaurs extinct for sixty-five million years roam  &quot;Jurassic Park&quot;, an amusement park on the island created by  Scottish professor John Hammond (Richard Attenborough, Lord of England) and  his genetic engineering company, InGen (International Genetic Technologies,  Inc.).  But when something goes wrong, and security systems fail all over  the park, including the fences that keep the animals in their paddocks,  paleontologist Alan Grant (Sam Neill), paleobontonist Ellie Sattler (Laura  Dern), mathematician Ian Malcolm (Jeff Goldblum, star of this film's  sequel) and more make a desperate attempt to escape the island gone  haywire... in one piece.  With appearances by Bob Peck as raptor expert  Robert Muldoon, B.D. Wong as Jurassic Park genetic scientist Henry Wu,  Samuel L. Jackson as control room computer operator John Arnold,  Martin Ferrero as John Hammond's lawyer, Donald Gennaro, Wayne  Knight as the fat slob Dennis Nedry, and Joseph  Mazzello and Ariana Richards as the young brother and sister Tim (othy) and  Lex (Alexis) Murphy (last name is only mentioned in the novel).  A  marvelous full-length adventure vividly entertaining and suspenseful from  maybe the most successful director, Steven Spielberg (&quot;Jaws&quot;,  &quot;E.T.&quot;) and author Michael Crichton (writer of &quot;Congo&quot;  and many more successful novels).  A must-see movie!
0767817478|5.0|This movie was good compare to the classic ones.Godzilla is more real in this one.In the older one godzilla was some guy in a bad looking costume and the acting were bad real bad.In this modern version they show us what Godzilla was ment to be,a living breathing lizard.The special effect were  great the picture and sound is what you would expect from a movie like  this.The poeple that gave this movie a bad rated I realy don't know what  they were expecting may be they were expecting a guy in a dumb looking  costume walking around in a fake city fighting like a human being, come on  people get real..Botton line:A satisfying movie.
B000000W9Z|5.0|From begining to end, this is Bowie at his best. Thank the heavens Bowie came back to his creative, visionary self with &quot;Outside&quot;. Doubled as another breakthrough collaboration with Brian Eno, this awesome comeback  album features a mixture of techno/industrial derangement, ambient pop  oddities, and small little segments called 'Seques', which feature Bowie  altering his voice to mimic his made-up characters. Speaking of that, a  highly interesting thing about this album is that it revolves around a  futuristic story of Bowie's called &quot;The Art-Ritual Murder Of Baby  Grace.&quot; Bits and pieces of the songs reflect this story, which tells  of a tyrannical futurist who strangely starts killing people. (Or does  she?) You can read along with his story in the book, which also showcases  some unique artwork. Reflecting on the music, I would have to say this is  probably the best of all Bowie albums. The lyrics are genius and slightly  deranged. Every essence of this album will strike you in awe. Buy this and  never look back. (Also, Reeves Gabriels, Bowie's now permanent  guitarist/collaborator, shines through here.)
0684800713|5.0|I truly enjoyed the clarity that Hemingway conveyed in a book where most people were drunk most of the time.  However, the story does go deeper than a bottle of wine. Hemingway touches upon the attitudes and fears of English  people living abroad in post-war Europe.  The bull-fighting scenes are  amazing in their vivid depictions of the sport.  I don't even like or agree  with bull-fighting and he managed to romanticize it enough for me.   The  characters are intriguing and very entertaining in their various  relationships.  I would recommend this book to anyone with an interest in  Hemingway or anyone who is about to visit Spain.
B00001OH7M|5.0|This is a little more folk-oriented than new fans will want, and it is definitely different from his latest albums, but put this is mind... this was made in the late 60's when not alot of advanced instruments were  around. This especially applies to Bowie, who was kind of going through  rough, 'hippie' times. Nonetheless, this is a great album. The title track  starts you off, and is an early sign of visions to come... going from the  distress calls of astronaut Major Tom to the puzzled Ground Control who  beckon &quot;Can you hear me Major Tom, Can you...&quot;, flickering to the  amazed voice of Tom, who is sadly destined to float in space forever. A  great song. The other pieces are highly poetic and visionary as well.  'Cygnet Committee&quot; tells of Bowie's depresion over a lost cause,  changing mood and tone for about nine minutes. &quot;Letter For  Hermione&quot;, &quot;An Occasional Dream&quot;, &quot;Wild Eyed Boy From  Feecloud&quot;, and &quot;Memory Of A Free Festival&quot; are nice poems of  dreaming and loathing. &quot;God Knows I'm Good&quot; is reminiscent of Bob  Dylan, which is kind of nice considering my family listen to Dylan alot. So  when you are making your collection, don't forget this. The inclusion of  the title track should be enough to get you, anyway.
B00000JXVK|5.0|If you love beautiful photography, Steve Mc Queen or motorcycles, this is a great DVD. I have had,( and loved), a copy of this film on VHS for many years, but compared to this DVD, it is pathetic.  The DVD is so sharp and  clear that it is breathtaking. There are minute indications in the DVD that  the film stock was starting to deteriorate, thank God it was rescued for  posterity by DVD. It includes great features on Steve McQueen and the  making of the film. Bruce Brown's beautiful photography alone makes this a  work of art worth owning. Buying this DVD is the best way that you can vote  for the preservation of great films! Do it!
B00001OH7V|5.0|Ah, the second edition to the Bowie/Eno trilogy, thy name is 'Heroes'. This has a slightly different feel than &quot;Low&quot;, but that doesn't mean anything. Once again, Bowie is doing experiments with music, mixing  guitar stylings, odd synthetics, and unusual lyrics into his visions. The  first five songs and the song at the end entitled &quot;The Secret Life Of  Arabia&quot; go along these guidelines. The other tracks follow that mostly  synthetic, highly ambient style of 'light, color, and mood' expresion.  (These tracks are 'Sense Of Doubt', 'Moss Garden', and 'Neukoln') 'V2  Schneider' doesn't follow either, but is mainly an atmospheric experiment  with guitars. (It sounds like the theme song to a late 70's sci-fi TV Show.  &quot;Dr. Who&quot; or &quot;Red Dwarf&quot;, perhaps?) All in all, this is  an artistic sequel to &quot;Low&quot;.
B0000013G9|5.0|CrazySexyCool is the best album I've ever heard.   The first 13 tracks get off!
B00001OH7P|5.0|Or is it vice versa? This was Bowie's first concept album, which helped tell of the trials &amp; tribulations that an extraterrestrial rock star has to go through. Bowie, being the prime example himself, did it perfectly  with creativity and precision. The beautiful angst of &quot;Five  Years&quot; starts it all off, where Ziggy's world slowly fades away into  nothing. Next, we see him telling what he thinks love really is, hiding  behind the pop music of &quot;Soul Love&quot;. &quot;Moonage Daydream&quot;  is the first alien rock song, mingling with a violent space-faced alien.  &quot;Starman&quot; wonderfully expresses how humans wouldn't be able to  accept something different, say a spiritual alien, into their society.  &quot;It Ain't Easy&quot; and the mellow piano tune of &quot;Lady  Stardust&quot; are further dwelling into not being accepted.  &quot;Star&quot; and &quot;Hang On To Yourself&quot; showcase the gradual  rise Ziggy's glam carreer, but then we see what happens when he starts to  fall with &quot;Ziggy Stardust&quot;. It's hard to tell what  &quot;Suffragette City&quot; is about, but it is an awesome song. The final  farewell of Ziggy concludes in the aptly titled &quot;Rock N'Roll  Suicide&quot;. Through it all, we hear raging electric guitar, acoustics,  strings, and piano. Brilliant. Another congratualtion on behalf of Bowie.
B000002UB3|5.0|Nothing more to say, I know this album for 15 years now and I discover new things each time I listen it ! This is the masterpiece of all the masterpieces of anytime ! If you don't know this album, you will never know  what music really is !
B0000048V8|5.0|This video will always be one of our family favorites. It is so simple we have been watching it since my daughter was two, yet we can still watch it with the same enthusiasm today as we enter her 11th year.  <br />The story is  about faith and belief--a sense of wonder, but in a way that is more  spiritual than religious.  Like the reviewer below, we would heartily agree  that being Christian is not a pre-requisite for enjoyment, despite a  delightful dance scene with Santa Claus, (the only character in the movie  directly related to Christmas).  <br />The movie touches a place in the heart  which some may associate with religious belief, while others may be  satisfied to find satisfactory the magic and mysterious nature of a child's  imaginary world.<br />In our home, every member of the family is delighted by  the movie's magic, without any reservation.  The story emphasizes the power   of a child's belief, and his creative imagination, and is greatly aided by  its lack of conversation or narration, reflecting the wordless storybook   which inspired it.<br />The score, which includes a beautiful, haunting piece  of instrumental music for the boy's journey to the North Pole, is  mysterious and soothing--very European and modern, yet perfectly  appropriate for this movie.  I can't think of any reason not to buy this  video for every child you know--it's really the type of movie children  should grow up with.
0140186395|2.0|It is surprising that so many people seem to love this book. I found it drifted from place to place and ended up feeling like a bad soap opera. The layers of analogy and metaphor wash over you as you go through it. Probably  a good beach book but if you have other things you are interested in they  will likely be more satisfying.
0783240503|4.0|I just watched this video (alone) because I couldn't wait until the rest of the family was ready--I really love musical comedies.  <br />However, I was somewhat disappointed in the production which has really splashy stage sets  but a little less personality than the production I saw on stage last year  at the Papermill Theater--which was absolutely fabulous (which is why I was  so eager to see this video).<br />However, it's such a treat to have the play  available on video that I don't want to sound too negative--it's a  wonderful show for children, and parents will enjoy it on quite another  level, given its &quot;hit parade&quot; of musical styles from  Country-western, to casbah-French.<br />The sets are magnificent and the music  is catchy--though Donnie Osmond is not my favorite musical comedy star--he  was acceptable, if not inspiring.<br />The narrator's role I thought was very  ably filled by Maria Friedman, who was unfamiliar to me.  All in all it's a  very enjoyable video, with very little to deter purchasing it for  children--the one sort of &quot;suggestive&quot; scene with Joan Collins  could pass TV censors without blinking an eye, and was not really worth  much dramatic import--so it could have been done differently--but shouldn't  offend anyone other than fanatic prudes who find even the word  &quot;bed&quot; to be too suggestive for small children (who are unlikely  to understand what is being referred to anyway).
B0000004V2|5.0|Good God I cannot explain how much this album means to me from the time I bought it when I was 14 to where I am now it never grows old rather just coils and fits like a piece of sunken sunshine. Seriously though this album  will open up a whole new world for you not just musically but just how one  can look at the world. Liquid 12-string guitar runs, funky bass lines,  drums that sound off from a distance and vocals that hypnotize. The band  appeals to both men and women, it doesn't matter who you are this piece of  art sticks with you forever.
0694003611|1.0|I bought this due to all the raving reviews.  My daughter loves to be read to.  She has a great attention span for a 18-month old.  She would sit through 4 to 5 Dr Seuss' books (The Cat in the Hat, Green Eggs and Ham,  etc) in one reading session.  When I read Goodnight Moon to her the first  time, she didn't let me finish, closed the book herself and tossed it.   Every time I tried to read this to her, she said &quot;No!&quot;  I'd say  this book is not a keeper.  I don't even like it myself!  Is there a way to  rate something no even a star?
B000002GB2|5.0|This is the one album where Styx was firing on all cylinders.  It was their first on the A&amp;M label and probably their best.  Obviously inspired by the promotion to a major label, having left Wooden Nickel,  Dennis DeYoung seemed to be re-born.  Before he gave up high energy rock  for his all-ballads-and-broadway sound, Dennis had previously taken control  on Styx' next best effort, Styx II.  Possibly dejected by that album's lack  of sales, he took a back seat on &quot;Serpent is Rising&quot; and  &quot;Man of Miracles,&quot; the albums susequent to II, but he came back  strong here.  &quot;Light Up&quot; opens the album with a hint to the light  pop sound Styx would adopt on future projects, but the album breaks hard  and fast with &quot;Lorelei,&quot; an infectious power pop song with which  I'm sure most Styx fans are now familiar.  &quot;Mother Dear,&quot; a song  co-written by John Curulewski, one of the original band members, is  hauntingly beautiful with a few power guitar riffs thrown in just to keep  you guessing.  The song also reminds us that DeYoung is a hell of a good  keyboard player.  &quot;Midnight Ride&quot; is James Young's hard rock  offering -- before he seemed to lose confidence in his ability to write  songs.  Reminiscent of a Ted Nugent chord progression, the song offers  those of us craving metal with melody.  During that time period, we came to  look forward to the one JY rocker on each album.  There are no weak efforts  on this CD.  If only Styx were still making recordings like this.
B000002UVX|5.0|My eyes actually started to tear up when I first heard the solo on Machine gun - it's the best guitar work ever recorded, period.
0425170349|3.0|Aside from the contrived and ridiculous plot, &quot;Rainbow Six&quot; is too long.  I would guess that at least 300 of the roughly 900 pages should have been edited out.  It is, at times, painfully redundant.  Everytime  some important (or not-so-important) plot element is mentioned, the same  multiple-page explanation is given.<br />The plot:  A conspiracy lead by the  radical-environmentalist head of a biotech company and the president's  science advisor to &quot;Save the Earth&quot; by killing off the world's  human population with an Ebola-derived bioweapon.  They are foiled by our  heros, the Rainbow para-military antiterrorist group, led by &quot;Rainbow  Six.&quot;  The details are even more ridiculous involving the olympics and  a live virus &quot;vaccine.&quot;<br />The characters are shallow and the  subplots simplistic and predictable.  I expected much more from the author  but I did enjoy reading it.
B000023VR6|5.0|A friend brought the cd in my car and well there not getting it back.I like how he as all the different artist. this album has some of the best beats and sounds great on my system. I recomend buying it.
0684803356|5.0|Then check out the passage when he falls to nothing.  This is the best war book (along with Tim Obriens The Things They Carried which is way different, and about a different war, but equally powerful) that I have  read.  It exhibits everything and gets to the point of life and its lack of  purpose if you cannot find something worth dying for, and that that purpose  is not the real purpose at all when it comes down to dying.  This is not a  dark book, nor is it self-pitying as I imagine a less able writer would  make it so soon.  It is not even depressing, it is exciting and touching  and well-written.  And there's winesacks as well.  &quot;the bell tolls for  thou,&quot; he quotes.  This book gets to the connectedness and loneliness  of people.
B000023VR6|5.0|A friend brought the cd in my car and well there not getting it back.I like how he as all the different artist. this album has some of the best beats and sounds great on my system. I recomend buying it.
B000002KBU|5.0|and theres not a whole lot more to be said, I suppose.  I love the first song, which is one of the best showcases of Joni's amazing voice.  But My Old Man is touching as is little green.  A Case of You is a beautiful love  song.  There's less of the fun in this album that she has in others, its an  album you look at (well listento) with cloudy eyes, in some ways. She's a  beautiful pianist, but all the music is just an accompinoment to her voice  in this one. the only song I don't care for is California, because it's  such a corny subject (just kidding).  This is a must have.
0451160916|5.0|this book was over all the best book i've read,because it gives you all the details about  the characters.this book deserves 5stars because of the great plot and characters(ghost,man or beast)<br /> the plot is mainly about  kid who has phsycic powers and is in a bad posision with them.because his  dad is on the verge to insanity (and the very hotel he is in is driving him  to it)when he finally  faces reality he remembers what his freind hollaran  said (a fellow shiner)call me if anything happens so i guess you'll have to  read the book to find out i wont spoil it for the person who is reading  this reveiw
B00002R0MC|5.0|I'm a hypcorite because I haven't shelled out the $xx that it costs, but I ahve borrowed it before (disk 2)for the acoustic medley, which is absoloutely amazing.  It is not just some little outtake that they found to  try and put on as marketing blah blah, it is just bob and his guitar,  wailing out songs that flow into one another like a single song to serenade  a child or a love.  Besides that, the set is pretty complete, though I  guess everyone has their own favorite Bob stuff.  Also, please give me a  helpful vote as it helps me feel good.
0140177396|4.0|i've never read like this book ,, it is really great novel by great author ,, i advise teachers to teach it in their classes.i've read also the pearl by Steinbeck ..
6304546386|5.0|It was my Mom who introduced me to this film (and to Mr Flynn) when I was a child of around five, and -- after I must have seen it thirty times in the last thirty years! -- I'm ordering it for my partner ... can't think of  a better gift. Very few films can be viewed dozens of times and still  delight. This is one of them: the evergreen, classic Robin Hood that  preserves all the high points of the legend, and adds more than a dash of  Hollywood. Newer films may be more graphic (read: bloodthirsty), but none  are as sumptuous as this one. For adventure, action and sheer beauty, you  won't beat this version: try to pick out the layers of design detail ...  and pick up the vivacious soundtrack music. The cast was stellar in its  day, and if Errol Flynn became a legend, then the legend could be said to  begin right here. In Technicolor. Five thumbs-up.
6301978587|5.0|This film is one of the few that exist on more than one level.   Many say &quot;Streisand is not believeable as a man&quot; but the film rests on this one point- that she is indeed not believeable. It surrounds the  naievity of the people she meets: she dresses as a man, so there for must  be a man. The symbol of Yentl can be interpreted as ourselves, having a  dream or ambition. If we lie to get it, we only lie to ourselves, and  no-one else. We get into it so deep that in the end, the only honest thing  to do is be honest- in this case everything worked out, but it could easily  have gone in the other direction.   Another plane is that of true love.  Hadaas, fell in love with the figure of a man, but was actually in love  with Yentl's personality and beliefs.   The musical score was the most  rousing of all Streisands scores, and the film a clear cut above the rest  as Barbra's directorial debut and her hand in the production team.   She  put all of her effort into this film, and got a lot of rewards, her main  reward was to have been blessed with talented actors.   A truly beautiful  film, that is one to watch and to treausure.  If you haven't seen this  marvel yet, do it quickly.
0780622553|5.0|This was truly one of the best films of 1998, and BY FAR superior than Titanic. Some have claimed that the actors appear shallow and confused, but I think that's the way they should be. Their memories are erased and  replaced every night. The Strangers are a stroke of acting and costuming  genius. They glide and walk, searching for the human soul, in their black  trenchcoats and bald heads. But the best part of this movie is the scenery,  the huge skyscrapers and dark streets are amazing. Buy this DVD!
B000002BHE|5.0|An absoltue gem of an album. The opening track (It's All Coming Back To Me Now) is written and directed by Jim Steinman and is an amazing epic masterpiece.    Then she soars into the Diane Warren ballad &quot;Because  You Loved Me&quot; used in the film Up Close and Personal- originally  offered to Toni Braxton.   This track leads to the title song: Falling Into  You.  Her touching rendition of &quot;All By Myself&quot; is just one of  the many reasons you should buy this album. It holds such immense power,  through the singing, directing, and the instrumetals.  The only song  missing would be the Olympic Song &quot;The Power of the Dream&quot; with  which she openef the 1996 Olympics, but we can hear that on the single to  &quot;It's All Coming Back To Me Now&quot;.  Other covers include, Natural  Woman (originally Carole King) and River Deep, Mountain High- which  belonged to the unforgettable Tina Turner.   This album is one you should  definitely hear- of only for the song Declaration of Love!
B00000J7J4|4.0|When i heard that CD for the first time, i was very impressed by it until i reached the song &quot;Do you like the way?&quot;.Rap! this is Santana!  The rap part is the reason why i rated it by 4 stars instead of 5!
B000002BHE|5.0|An absoltue gem of an album. The opening track (It's All Coming Back To Me Now) is written and directed by Jim Steinman and is an amazing epic masterpiece.    Then she soars into the Diane Warren ballad &quot;Because  You Loved Me&quot; used in the film Up Close and Personal- originally  offered to Toni Braxton.   This track leads to the title song: Falling Into  You.  Her touching rendition of &quot;All By Myself&quot; is just one of  the many reasons you should buy this album. It holds such immense power,  through the singing, directing, and the instrumetals.  The only song  missing would be the Olympic Song &quot;The Power of the Dream&quot; with  which she opened the 1996 Olympics, but we can hear that on the single to  &quot;It's All Coming Back To Me Now&quot;.  Other covers include, Natural  Woman (originally Carole King) and River Deep, Mountain High- which  belonged to the unforgettable Tina Turner.   This album is one you should  definitely hear- if only for the song Declaration of Love!
1558908358|4.0|The special effects worked for me.  I saw it for the first time on DVD in December of 1999.  I personally am a Communications major and I just loved the effects..state of the art as they were from 1982.  It really is  interesting.  Jump into the mind of the past and take a ride! I totally  loved it.
B000005H4K|5.0|This is a Great Record.Genius all the way around.Duke,Mingus,&amp;Roach blaze here.The Music&amp;Ideas are Never-Ending here.The Music Never Lets Up&amp;Neither DId The Genius Of Ellington,Roach,&amp;Mingus.A Must Have in  Your Collection.
0743200799|5.0|Gene Kranz provides the reader with a remarkably vivid account of what it is like to be behind the scenes of Mission Control.  From the initial procedures he wrote for the Mercury program, to the clipped voices of  controllers working a spacecraft contingency to the sometimes abandoned way  they let off steam off-console, Mr. Kranz brings you an accurate and very  readable account of the MCC.  From my own experiences of 20 years in the  MCC, this book provides a very personal glimpse in how we continue to work.  For the reader who remembers growing up with the highs and lows of the  space race, this book will rekindle all the emotions of the time and fill  in many of the blanks that can only come from an insider such as Mr. Kranz.  &quot;Failure Is Not An Option&quot; should be required reading for any  one currently working at the MCC, and for anyone wanting to learn more  about what it took to put a man on the moon.
B000002UZ6|5.0|Tina Turner is One of The Baddest Artist ever.so Much Emotion&amp;Soul in her voice that she always leaves Her Mark.these Songs have stood up really well.Nutbush City Limits is the Cut.it's also her Hometown.She Covers so  Many styles very well.You always get feeling,Heart&amp;Soul in Her  work.that is Her Legacy.
B000007T1M|5.0|What an awesome CD!  I had heard 1 or 2 SOAD songs and a few people were talking about them so  I decided to buy it. This thing is one of the best CDs  I own. They are so original. I have never heard anything like this  before. I love like every song. BUY THIS CD!
B00000420F|5.0|Cecilia Bartoli has a Grand Rich TOne Here.I really enjoyed Listening to her.She has alot of Ranges&amp;styles and it works very well here.The Music is very Good here.
630575067X|4.0|The movie was pretty good! It was easy to understand, which was a suprise for me because I don't read star wars and I thought it would be really complicated. You don't need to read star wars to watch this movie!  I  thought the computer animation was amazing, and it looks very real! I also  really loved the costumes!<br />I would recommend this movie to all ages.  There are no adult themes in it, and I don't think it's violent. There is a  lot of action, but that's different.
630575067X|4.0|Like many other fans, I hate how &quot;kiddified&quot; this series has become. First Lucas decides that Endor should be populated with Ewoks rather than Wookies in RotJ. Then comes Phantom, and Lucas no longer has  Han, Lando and the rest of the crowd to keep the audience entertained, so  he throws in Jar-Jar, who's purpose seems to be to walk into things, making  funny noises in the hope of eliciting a laugh. That vented, it was still a  decent movie.<br />I don't care that the film lacked some of the feeling of  grandeur that 4, 5, and 6 had; it wasn't supposed to be about saving the  universe, it was supposed to be a setup for it (ever notice that there's a  &quot;1&quot; in Episode 1)? There was awesome music and special effects,  and the lightsaber duel and the pod racing scene were superb. Admittedly,  the movie did take a bit too long building up to the race, that part needed  some trimming. I also have a hard time believing that a Jedi council that  seems to do nothing but sit around all day making funny faces at one  another can be all that wise, and I caught absolutely no hint of the  Darkness hidden in Anakin, nor a single tear as the kid said goodbye to his  mother. He just seemed like a very poor actor.<br />Still, these are minor  gripes in comparison with the thrill I get watching most of the movie.  Maybe if people didn't kill their imaginations they would enjoy it more.
6305079900|5.0|It has ben nerly 16 years since &quot;The Terminator&quot; came out, and it is still a great movie. Some movies lose their shine after a few years but &quot;The Terminator&quot; has not. This was the role Arnold  Schwarzenegger was born to play, nobody could have been better. Though I do  love this movie, the DVD has no extras besides a theatrical trailer and the  transfer is only moderatly good. But you can't go wrong with this movie.
B00000J7J4|5.0|I've become a fan of Santana from listening to such memorable(in my honest opinion)hits as''Oye Como Va''and ''Black Magic Woman'', but when I first heard ''Smooth''last summer, I couldn't stop myself from dancing to the  music! I bought the CD at Target, my place of work, prior to the Grammys  back in February, and I still love it! My favorite tracks next to  ''Smooth''are''Africa Bamba''and ''Migra''. Any and all Santana fans are  encouraged to go out and buy this masterpiece!
0792833236|5.0|&quot;Raging Bull&quot; is an amazing movie, it is one of the best movies I have seen. This is one film that should have won numerous Oscars but it only one 2, one for editing, the other to Robert DeNiro. The performance  Robert DeNiro gives in this film is also one of the best I have seen.
0151001820|2.0|This book looked like a winner: a novel about about books.  Set in Spain, Portugal, and Paris and featuring an odd, yet likable protaganist, it opens with an enticing prologue.  The narrative style is intriguing; it's written  as an account by one of the characters.  The reader is given a strong,  Agatha Christie-esque hint about the end.  But the novel simply peters out.   The intrigue is lost. It wallows in melodrama, perhaps imitating in some  unfulfilling way the works of Dumas himself.  I wanted to be surprised,  enchanted, or even shocked.  But instead I was just bored.
0679428887|5.0|In a world where the cold war is gone, middle east conspiracies are tired, and the IRA is dead, it must be getting increasingly difficult to write simple, good old-fashioned &quot;spy&quot; novels.  Robert Harris has  managed to do just that--with a real, believable plot.<br />Correction--it's  not really a spy novel, but how else would you charecterize it?<br />This is a  good book.  Well researched, plausible, and well written.  I would  recommend it without hesitation.<br />To the jaded thriller readers, the plot  may be a bit trite.<br />But I really liked it and found it to be quite an  entertaining read.
B000002UW1|5.0|This isn't so much a review of Document, an album which is one of R.E.M.'s masterpieces and near and dear to my heart, as rather a commentary on some of the background with Document and some misconceptions about it.  First of  all, &quot;The One I Love&quot; is not a love song by anyone's stretch of  the imagination so please don't go playing it at your prom! If anything  it's an anti-love song, a vitriolic blast of anger and revenge.  Also,  &quot;Oddfellows Local 151&quot; is not necessarily about  &quot;alcoholism&quot; as much as it's about anything else: R.E.M. reduced  to a one-word description seems pointless to me, but I've always heard  something almost supernatural/weird fiction about the song, and it's one of  my favorites ever. Finally, it should be mentioned that both &quot;The One  I Love&quot; and &quot;Oddfellows&quot; were so much better as live songs  that you're almost better off listening to old bootlegs from 1987 then  listening to the album versions. Anyone who was at The Felt Forum in 1986  and heard the band do these songs live will know what I'm talking  about...go get those bootlegs! Now!  And enjoy Document too.
079284078X|2.0|In fairness, it is only Schwarzenegger's presence which lifts this movie out of the 1-star category.  There are some fairly good fight scenes, a few nifty sets, and some nice location filming.  Other than that, however, it  is a waste of time.  There are numerous technical errors and other  indications of slipshod production values.  Nielsen's acting, if you are so  generous as to call it that, is embarassingly bad.  Sandahl Bergman,  normally pretty competent, overcooks it completely as the evil queen.  If  you like this type of heroine, it would be preferable to spend your time  watching Xena, which though far from high art, is much better than  &quot;Red Sonja.&quot;
B00003CXBK|5.0|One note: If you loved the film, don't give it a bad star rating because you don't like the way it's being presented - rate the film itself, and give your misgivings about the format in the review. All a bad rating does is take away from the splendour of the film when newcomers decide to check  it out on amazon!<br />Second, the DVD is in fact being released with Japanese  language option. It can be watched in English Dub, OR Japanese with (at  least) English subtitles.<br />I  absolutely LOVED Princess Mononoke, both storywise, visually, and aurally.  I can't wait to watch it in the pristine crystal clear widescreen format  with digital sound that DVD allows.<br />Get this disc!
6300182452|5.0|If you could take only one Clint Eastwood western with you to a desert island, I would recommend this one.  It is a stark, moody, violent and compelling morality tale with outstanding production, fine direction, and  uniformly excellent performances from a skilled cast.  Clint adroitly  melded techniques learned from Sergio Leone with his own unique vision to  craft a true classic. Highly recommended.
0767821769|3.0|I am sorry to say that I found this movie just a little too far from the reality.  Julia Roberts (stepmom)  insisted so much to pick up the kids and drop off the kids by herself, even risk loosing her job. But why?  Did she  try to do it all to prove to her new hubby that she can be a good mom or  she simply happens to love these brats?  I found it quite unbelievable that  she is so willing to accomodate all the hardships.  The movie didn't really  show that the relationship between her and her new hubby is too great to  break (there is not much emotions between the couple except a few kiss  scenes) so where is all her feelings attached to the kids coming from? To  me she is just trying too hard that she only proves she is a very insecure  woman regardless of her successful career.  Near the end of the movie Julia  finally confess to the biological mom that she is worried that one day Anna  will grow up only wondering where her real mom is in her wedding, I found  this scene incredibly unpersuasive.  How old is Julia Roberts supposed to  be in this film didn't she think that one day she will bear child of her  own?  It is true that there are many wonderful and responsible stepmoms out  there but this one just tries a little too hard.  Too hard to buy it.
B00000K2SC|5.0|THE MOVIE WAS WELL PUT TOGETHER WITH MIND SETS ON REALITY BUT LEFT UP TO THE PERSON TO SET THEIR MIND TO THE LIMIT.
B000002TQV|5.0|The first time I heard it, I thought, &quot;tasty.&quot; Then I heard it again, and other sides of the music revealed themselves.  After a few weeks I didn't want to turn off the CD or listen to anything else.  There are  enumerable lyrical moments on this album when you feel pulled out of your  consciousness.  These moments rival the most transcendental spaces in Pink  Floyd, but unlike Floyd these moments might occur in the midst of audial  chaos. Everytime I go back there's something else. How many rock albums can  you say that about?<br />Now the only question left is which album is better,  The Bends or OK Computer. This is the album that has everyone that owns it  wondering why it was so invisible when it dropped.  But it will not be  denied it's due respect.
B00001PE4D|4.0|Let me start by saying how much I LOVE this movie.  It is a wonderful story, and the music fits in perfectly with the action of the movie.  The actors do a great job (particularly Selma Blair, who was in her mid to late  20's at the time and played a 14-year-old very convincingly!)<br />If you are  offended by a lot of (often casual) sex in movies, don't get this one.  Basically the entire plot of the movie revolves around sex (although there  actually isn't that much nudity, come to think of it).  There's also a lot  of swearing and adult concepts that some people might find inappropriate.  But hey, it didn't bother me.  This may be my favorite movie of all  time.<br />The DVD is great--lots of extra stuff, like scenes that were  deleted from the movie, a little thing that shows how it was made, and some  music videos from songs in the movie.<br />However, if you'll be playing  this on a computer DVD drive, I suggest you call your system's manufacturer  before you purchase it, and ask them if your system has had issues with  this DVD.  Because of the lack of a definite standart in DVD technology,  some DVDs won't play (or won't play correctly) with some systems.  This was  true of my Gateway Profile.  Just a precaution  :-)  But this movie is the  best!
6305750750|5.0|I am not that bigger starwars fan I have seen most of the others in the triology but this is far the best. Stunning Graphics and a pretty good plot I may have lost intrest for about 5 secounds it takes some unusal twists in  the story to keep you on your toe's. This is a good buy for somebody who  want to see some futuristic action and some amazing graphics well done Fox  and Lucasfilm lets hope the other 2 are just as good. But were is the DVD?  ?
B00000I49J|5.0|buy it, get some wine and enjoy.
0375707972|1.0|though i devour most books i come across, i had to force myself to finish this one. it is not one of oprah's better picks. realizing we all appreciate different books at different times in our lives, depending on  &quot;where&quot; we are and &quot;what is going on in our lives&quot; at  the time, this book left much to be desired. the characters were flat. i  had no empathy for any of them. although there were sentences that caught  me up, most of the book left me down. a major disappointment.
6303921248|5.0|I don't recall when I have enjoyed a movie so much.  The acting, the landscapes, the scenery, the characters...They are all perfection.  The movie leaves you wishing that there were more (even though the story is  quite complete) because of the immense pleasure you experience throughout  the viewing.  I watched the videos (for the second time) on a Sunday and I  watched all 6 videos, back to back, twice. I would advise anyone who enjoys  a &quot;period piece&quot; to view this adaptation of Pride and Prejudice.  Five stars !
B00001U0DP|5.0|ONE OF THE BEST MOVIES I'VE SEEN IN YEARS I LOVED IT .
6305750750|3.0|The film was great in theaters, but the fact that it isn't on DVD yet automaticaly brings the movie down to just being a good movie. When the DVD comes out my rating will change, especially since Lucas should have enough  time to put in as many special features as possible on the DVD, like the  music video to &quot;Dual of Fates&quot; and the making of Episode I. Hope  some of you enjoy the movie just fine on VHS, but for me I rather own the  DVD.
B00003ZA0T|5.0|There are two types of people....People that like slipknot...and people that LOVE slipknot..I you don't have the slipknot cd yet you are missing out on something that you will regreat..Well have enough slipknot fas out  in this world to talk over the world..If you don't likr slipknot..I dunno  whats your problem...With these extra tracks it is even better..sso go out  and buy it and you will see what everybody is talking  about!
0440234743|4.0|I have to say that I began to stray from John Grisham around the time when he wrote The Chamber.  I decided to pick up The Testament.  The cover didn't hypnotize me, I was desparate for my weekly reading fix.  Well, I  couldn't put it down.  I felt Nate's pain.  I cried with him when Rachel  died.  Maybe Grisham caught me at a vulnerable time.  I thought this was  one of his greater pieces of works.  It ranks up there with The Firm.  You  GO John.  Can't wait for the movie.
B000002C1X|5.0|I've already written a review of this album, but I must say over the course of the last few months I've come to appreciate it even more. By now, I own 4 Pink Floyd albums: Dark Side of the Moon, Meddle, The Wall, and  Wish You Were Here. I actually think the last of these is their best.  Still, The Wall stands as probably the best album lyrically of the bunch.  The words just grow on you and provide wonderful insight into celebraty and  even simple humanity. It honestly gets better after each listen.  And  contrary to many critics, the album is not a sellout, because it is not at  all mainstream. The pacing for one is not exactly that of pop music and few  songs are remotely catchy. I think there are many other reasons for the  album's success. The creativity and originality are hard to ignore. The  lyrics spoke and still speak to many people in an incomparably emotional  way, thus the mass appeal.   I think everyone who reads this has been made  aware of the best tracks on this album, so I won't get into that except to  say that many of the somewhat shorter, easier-to ignore songs are quite  impressive and moving, such as &quot;Goodbye Blue Sky&quot;, &quot;One of  My Turns&quot;, &quot;Don't Leave Me Now&quot;, &quot;Vera&quot;, &quot;The  Show Must Go On&quot;, &quot;In the Flesh&quot;, and &quot;Waiting for the  Worms&quot; and that &quot;Comfortably Numb&quot; is one of the best songs  ever.  In short, I highly recommend listening to the album the entire way  through after purchasing, learning the lyrics, and eventually getting into  the other recordings.
B00000J6AG|5.0|I'm not sure what these people who say it is boring (and insulting to women?  Where did THAT come from) are thinking! It is truly a *deep* piece of work. The music evokes all sorts of feelings in me, primarily peace,  happiness, and tranquility, but certainly not boredom!  Some songs are more  &quot;peppy&quot; than others, some really could put you to sleep, but is  that a Bad thing? I don't think so! It's not something to dance to at the  club, but it's definitely 5 stars or more!
B000005YZM|5.0|It has always amazed me --  listening to the two Beatles' albums, Rubber Soul and Revolver when a so-called beat band (even their name echoed it) took a turn into semi-compositional music.  Of course, The Fab Four had  shown us for a while that they were quite talented, even from the begining.   The same goes with The Zombies.  In earlier songs, such as &quot;Tell Her  No&quot; and &quot;Indication,&quot; the group showed many that they were  more than the typical &quot;Brit Invasion&quot; band, doing variation off  &quot;the skiffle.&quot;In 1968, most of the members of The Zombies, tired  of the music business calling the shots (as it does again, today) and the  ennui displayed by a lack of audience in their own UK, disbanded before  their greatest album ever took off. &quot;Odessey and Oracle&quot; stands  as a golden swansong to a band blessed with artistic merit.  From the  catchy pop jaunt of &quot;Care of Cell 44&quot; to the exiting (and  exciting) solo of their biggest hit &quot;Time of the Season&quot; -- this  album bursts with harmonic splendour.  Each piece once again reflects the  change between danceable tunes and sound sculpture. There can be no  surprise that the album, recorded in the same studio right directly after  The Beatles' &quot;Sgt. Pepper's...&quot; sessions exited. (Was it magic  that passed from Beatle to Zombie? -- one can only guess,  jokingly!)Nevertheless, this album stands in the shadows as being a true  work of art for not only the summer of love generation, but others to come.
B000002LCE|5.0|I first heard Dio while I was in a music shop so I decided to check out his album, I got home put it on and never tured it off. This album is without doubt the best album I have ever heard, it has such raw power.    The medolic hard rocking songs and the screaming power ballads of &quot;  Naked In The Rain &quot; make the album an album that legends are made of.    So come on what are you doing here, you should have bought it by now. DIO  ROCKS!
630450053X|5.0|the film is a superhit It's the best I have seen....
0790734850|5.0|Just glancing at the numerous reviews posted below, I'm struck by how many people dislike this movie because it does not completely adhere to the &quot;rules&quot; of film noir. LA Confidential, like Chinatown before it, is indeed a tribute and re-creation of the classic film noir of the 1940's  and 1950's, but both of these films are also post-modern reworkings of the  film noir genre. It questions and re-imagines the very archetype it is  influenced by, forcing the audience to question the convention. Think of  all the anti-westerns of the past, like The Wild Bunch, which flew in the  face of John Wayne and was as much about the Western film tradition as it  was about cowboys. This may seem rather a pretentious way to go about  making films, but commenting on style has always been a feature of good  art.  That said, this is just a darn good movie, with a great ensemble,  attention to detail, intriguing plot twists, and wicked humor. In a year in  which a good but extremely old-fashioned romance took all the box office  and awards, there was deeper fare to be found in this excellent film, which  is both an excellent example and a notable exception to the film noir  tradition.
B000000JO3|5.0|A turning point in the history of music. I've had this for years and feel much the same way today as I always did about this recording... Timeless, this will always rock.
0395754100|5.0|The Complete Adventures of Curious George is a wonderful volume and a must for any children's literature collection.   The illustrations are superb and several individual drawings are classics in their own right. <br />While one can argue that the story lines do not teach children the best lessons,  the role of Curious George as whimsical anarchist is important as society  marches towards complete uniformity.
B000003S0R|4.0|Brian Eno has been around for nearly thirty years.  In that time he has made a lot of rather silly pronouncements about music and philosophy.  It is silly to go on about how &quot;mysterious&quot; early rock and roll  recordings are and how these &quot;freed&quot; Eno from the dictates of  sense.  Early rock and roll recordings are not mysterious, they were mostly  done in perfectly well-known places like New Orleans, Memphis, Los Angeles  and Nashville. They might have seemed mysterious to Eno but I rather think  that he is playing some conceptual games he learned at art school.  For all  his vaunted sonic imagination and &quot;mystery&quot; his rock albums boil  down to more of the same:  guitars, drums, some words, some studio catsup.   Not that I don't enjoy &quot;Here Come The Warm Jets&quot; and &quot;Before  And After Science&quot; and &quot;Taking Tiger Mountain  (By  Strategy).&quot;  But they do lend themselves to perfectly rational  analysis and they are simple rock and roll, just like the  &quot;mysterious&quot; Chris Kenner or the &quot;mysterious&quot;  Flamingos.  &quot;Tiger Mountain&quot; is about strategy, camaraderie,  group effort a la Mao's &quot;Great Leap Forward.&quot;  The tone is so  much spy-movie imbroglio, the words make perfect sense in a post-Beatles  mode, and the rhythm section is solid.    As with so much rock music from  the 1970s, there is an element of unnecessary obfuscation to &quot;Tiger  Mountain.&quot;  All rock music is about something quite concrete, whether  it is the Beach Boys' girls or Moby Grape's granny dresses or Eno's enemas  and rowboats, and to make something else out of it is silly. Eno is an  artist but not in the way he thinks, and I am one of those who can enjoy  his &quot;ambient&quot; music while remaining completely indifferent to it.   His first Jon Hassell collaboration does go some way toward validating his  pretentions, as does &quot;Tiger Mountain&quot; and &quot;Before And  After,&quot; but only people who fail to perceive that some half-sloppy old  piece of '50s rock is a thousand times  more &quot;mysterious&quot; than  anything Eno has ever done will continue to accept his pretentions  straight.
6305750750|4.0|I can't believe the amount of people saying Episode 1 wasn't a true Star Wars flick.  The qualifications for a true Star Wars film are Simple; 1:  It Says &quot;Star Wars&quot; at the beginning, and 2:  It says  &quot;George Lucas&quot; at the end.  Jar-Jar or no Jar-Jar, cartoonish or  not, Lucas made another Star Wars movie and it was a good one.
6300246787|5.0|Hello, Dolly! is one of the best musical films I've ever seen. It is filled with high exuberance and is incredibly lavish. Of course it is silly and light hearted. It is what it should be. Everyone in it seems to be  having a grand time. Barbra makes a wonderful Dolly Levi and I'm so glad  she did this film despite her own misgivings. It has brought so much joy to  millions. I can't imagine anyone else in the movie role. Gene Kelly  directed this film and did a marvelous job.<br />Michael Crawford and Danny  Lockin are hilarious in their roles of Cornelius and Barnaby. Marianne  McAndrew and E.J. Peaker as Irene and Minnie Fay are charming and  delightful. To top it all off, what a finale! A location of a beautiful  white chapel with green lawns stretching out for miles is the setting for  the end medley and wedding. Streisand makes her way down the bridal path  framed by hundreds of beautifully dressed attendants. The camera pulls back  to reveal a scope of magnificence. Perfect.<br />I certainly can't wait for  the widescreen DVD version to be released. If you've never seen it in  widescreen you are in for a rare treat. This movie is gorgeous. The musical  number, &quot;Put On Your Sunday Clothes&quot; is dream and of course the  title tune with Streisand and Louis Armstrong is magnificent.
B000002L99|4.0|5150 is not the best Van Halen album, but it's got a lot of things going for it.  One of the side effects of changing band members, particularly one as &quot;prominent&quot; as David Lee Roth, is that you're bound to tick  some people off but I think you have to give the album a chance for what it  is.  It's poppy and has some good moments, but it's dominant feature is  that it's kind of goofy.  This is not a bad thing. I can see how die-hard  VH fans cringed at the tossing away of the in-your-face rocking style and  replacing it with (shudder) keyboards, but they started that on 1984 and  who's to say it would have been any different with Dave?  I think Eddie  realized that his first recording without Dave needed to be a hit and what  better way to achieve that than to throw away the sonic rumbling that comes  with improvising and crafting some hybrid pop/rock tunes?<br />Hagar is a  better overall singer, and if he lacks some of Dave's charisma and  presence, he makes up for it by being able to contribute more musically.   What you remember most are the hooks, more so than in the past.  &quot;Best  of Both Worlds&quot; and &quot;Why Can't This Be Love&quot; are the  standouts. They are still pretty formulaic, but who cares?  This is a  summer beach party album that you listen to when you want to have a good  time, which was what VH was about more than anything else.  Can you really  say that earlier VH albums weren't about the same thing?  They covered  &quot;Dancing In The Streets&quot; for crying out loud!  Things change, and  although lately VH hasn't changed for the better, at least at the juncture  they recorded 5150 they had realized something good.<br />And by the way,  David Lee Roth is no Mick Jagger.
B000002U82|5.0|This is just a great cd. In the words of my best friend, &quot;If you play it loud, its just great music and if you play it real quiet at night with big headphones on, its go to sleep and have crazy dreams music.&quot;  The  scary thing is, is that every word is true and it is a simply awesome  album.
1563894696|4.0|Long after reading Batman:Year One, and The Dark Knight Returns, which are formidable in their own respects, I was fortunate to have stumbled across Batman as I always saw him in The Long Halloween. Whereas &quot;Year  One&quot; and &quot;Returns&quot; rekindled a dying enthusiasm for Bats,  &quot;Halloween&quot;'s minimal style in art and dialogue allowed me just  enough information to let my imagination fill in some blanks. Characters  are reduced to their basic shapes: the stocky rectangular Bruce Wayne, the  aerodynamic, muscular Batman and Catwoman, the stick-like Joker and  Scarecrow, and so on. Proportions are tweaked and played with to allow for  some interesting encounters among the characters from the gigantic daughter  of the Roman to Gotham itself as a flat black and blue backdrop for our  story to unfold. While the character designs are sometimes too  characature-ish especially among the villains there is a nice  mysteriousness that is maintained throughout the story because of the  outlandishness they convey. Don't look for mong diatribes from any one  character as conversations are mainly one-or-two liners usually involving  nasty confrontations. The repeated line:&quot;Do what needs to be  done&quot; and variations of that display the self-rightousness that the  characters evoke in their own vision for Gotham; that the obsessive mission  of Jim Gordon and Batman are not too far off from the madness of Harvey  Dent and Holiday is eerie, indeed. Dent is a tragic character in every  sense. Its a shame that you never see the cynicism that he has for the  Justice System save for a few freudian slips in the company of Gordon. That  he is doused in the face with acid in mid-story by his star witness in the  case of his career should be satisfactory enough, though. The story should  be commended for weaving different members of Batman's Rogue's Gallery in  the mix but it also makes for a couple of plot holes and even some  uninteresting sidetracks. The Joker, the Mad Hatter, and the Scarecrow go  on some pretty predictable escapades that seem to originate from an  editor's memo reading &quot;more action sequences!&quot;. Poison Ivy's  seduction of Bruce Wayne is exception to these intrusions and you feel a  chilly fall from grace as she arrogantly states that no man can resist her  in their embrace. Falls from grace indeed are a theme rampant throughout  the book from a mob king, to the D.A., to the reputation of Bruce Wayne.  Despite its short-comings, it is still a well-composed retelling of  Two-Face's origin as well as another good addition to anyone's Batman  collection.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Savage garden's debut album came out in 97 breaking the records for an australien band selling over 11 million. Now they returne with a new line up of songs which are literally titanic in proporsions!         Alot of the  songs talk about life and love. But the main subject is that ever lasting  sentiment....love. Many of the describes the wonderful and positive,  romantic side of love such as &quot;the best thing&quot; &quot;I knew I  loved you&quot;. But also some of the songs on the album desribe some of  the dark sides of love and the emotions they bring (such emotions like  breaking up!) such songs &quot;gunning down romance&quot; &quot;I don't  know you anymore&quot; &quot;the lover after me&quot;. But Not all the  songs are about love and are based on love...they tell of differnt  situations we tend to go through life. Alot of the emotions and sunbjects  on this album are very down to earth... Such songs are...&quot;crash and  burn&quot; &quot;two beds and a coffe machine&quot; &quot;and you can still  be free&quot;.     The melodies follow the feel to the song. The songs  musically are very well done....you never get sick of listening to them.  The songs are not youyr average boy band typ of songs these have debt and  are well written by the group themselves which shows how much this due are  talented (they also contributed in producing the album and aranging some  songs).      This album I must say is one of the best of 99 as you listen  to it you can almost feel some of the emotions darren hayes portrays  through some of the songs which were influeced by his divorce...hence why  some of the songs are sad!  But if you liked the first album you would love  this one.....althought it is not as much as mian stream pop as the album  before it but still very very good! It would be worth you money and time!        D.V
B000002UJQ|5.0|I can ONLY give it 5 stars?  Well, it deserves 10!  OK Computer is the most complex and progressive rock album ever. I used to thgink that Smashing Pumpkins [Mellon Collie] were progressive, as well as Chemical  Brothers, but this is real progressive rock. I never heard those old band  that my dad likes - Genesis, Yes and Crimson King. I don't play those  records of his, but I know this is progressive rock coz Paranoid Android is  so hard to play, no other band but Radiohead can play it! [Ever hear  another band play it - see?] So if you like rock music that is progressive  and complicated get OK Computer.
0380730405|5.0|Anyone who is disappointed by &quot;Rebecca&quot; does not appreciate gothic literature.  This book is suspenceful and fascinating.  Each character has been burned into my mind ever since I first read the book in  6th grade.  Hitchcock made this book into a movie so IMAGINE what the story  must be like!
B00002MZ2T|5.0|After listening to this cd, all i can say is WOW! The tunes are catchy and the lyrics are no less than inspirational.This is a must-buy!
0440234743|5.0|This began as a homework assignment, however, it did not take long to weave the magic and hold the reader in its grip, as do all of Grisham's novels, I'm told. I really like the author's writing style, as this is the  first book I've had the chance to read. I'm working on my second Master's  degree, this one in Forensic Science. Since school has kept me so busy, I  plan to read more of Mr. Grisham's books over part of the summer before I  start a class on crime scene reconstruction. I'm passing this book on to my  mom as she is an avid reader and will truly appreciate Mr. Grisham's  talents. I could not put this book down, what a spellbinder!
6304578458|5.0|People have recommended this movie to me for years, but I kept on passing, for some unknown reason. I finally saw it, and I loved every single minute of it! This is one of the sharpest, funniest, most clever, and, yes, most  romantic movies I've had the pleasure of seeing in a LONG TIME.  Driver and  Joan add a spice to the movie that would be greatly missing without them  both. And Cusack is, well, a sure bet every single time. You will love this  movie. You will watch it again and again, so buy it . . . and also dance  down memory lane with the &quot;flashback&quot; 80s tunes!
038533348X|5.0|This book is one of the very best books I have ever read. Kurt Vonnegut's mind is a racing, wandering, ingenious one. I would recomend this book to anyone.  -Cleo &quot;No damn cat, no damn cradle.&quot; -Newt
B00004RHZU|5.0|This CD by Pink is great!  It sounds a lot like Destiny's Child, which is just fine with me.  If you like phat beats this CD is for you :o)
B00000K0E5|5.0|Almost a decade ago after the terrible and pathetic fall of Licence To Kill.James Bond seemed all but gone leave to MGM to give us a suprise with an annoucment fans would sure to love the new bond is none other the  remington steels own Pierce Brosnan to make Timothy Daltons acting job look  like cheesy acting.To Tina Turners ravishing song for the title to the fall  of a 400 foot dam to a test fire of the goldeneye weapon, to the an  elaborate tank chase, and an ifeltration on a giant sattelite complex and a  specail effects ending.Exotic locations , beautiful women and of  course  action.In the most action packed bond ever Brosnan pulls Bond off very well  and this is the best bond movie of the 90's , with more options on the dvd  you can handle hang on and enjoy.
B00000634J|4.0|I had to buy this, of course, to hear how well they did remastering these songs.  Is there any other reason?  No.  I got the Lennon box when it was released thinking they would do an excellent remastering job on it.  They  didn't.  Of all Lennon's solo albums, I've purchased only Imagine because,  again, I didn't think it was remastered well.  <br />Different story when  Anthology was released.  Wow! The sound of those studio outtakes.   Anthology is my favorite John Lennon solo release; the sound is just so  spectacular!<br />As far as this collection is concerned, I don't understand  how this either replaces or compliments &quot;Collection.&quot;  Why not do  a really nice two or three disc collection, with great remastering,  extensive liner notes, maybe even a few of the &quot;rare&quot; things that  you know are still out there (like the original version of 'Free As A  Bird'). This collection just doesn't seem to make much sense to me.  <br />Oh,  the sound is OK, better than the previous mastering, but I'm willing to bet  that the upcoming Imagine remaster will blow this away.
B000002UDB|5.0|It fits into no genre, no other album was very much like it, it wasn't even put together as an album.  &quot;Best&quot;?  That's a matter of taste and everyone's musical taste is different.  I like this one the best of all  the Beatles albums, you might not.  &quot;I Am the Walrus&quot; is the  strongest acid song ever; &quot;Penny Lane&quot; is the smuttiest song I  ever heard on the radio, yet Paul sings it as sweetly as a choir boy; there  isn't one traditional boy-n-girl love song on the whole thing.
0688152023|5.0|Although I have only been doing these exercises for about a month, I have already noticed faster results than I have ever gotten from an exercise program.<br />Especially helpful to me were the stretches for the back.  I  have noticed a big difference in my posture and the way I carry myself.
0425107469|5.0|Watchers is a stunning novel of two genetically engineered creatures. One is a sucess, a golden retreiver with human level intelligence. The other, a failure, an ugly creature created with a feirce urge to kill. Known only as  the Outsider, the creature hates the dog because represents the goodness  and light of genetic engineering, and the Outsider itself represents only  darkness and hate. After the dog escapes from Banodyne laboratory, the  Outsider follows it out of rage, and will stop at nothing to hunt it down  and kill it. Travis and Nora are two people who befriend the dog, and get  caught in the middle of this confrontation. The characters sparkle with  life, and the writing style makes you feel like you are actually inside the  book. You laugh and cry along with the characters, share their joy and  sorrow, their excitement and their pain.   Like I said before, this is  quite possibly the best book ever written, and quite probably the best Dean  Koontz has ever written.
B00003CWRX|5.0|One man fighting a copreate lawsuit that thretans the one thing he holds dear his life and his family.Based on the suit on the tabacco industry Wyland the man that is being thretened by the tobacco industry.Al Pachino  is the only man willing to fight for the truth in this very electrifying  film an intense performance by  Russel Crowe who was nominated for an award  for his acting performance.<br />    This DVD offers and look into this  electrifying film and the making of this academy<br />nominated film an  incredible film by michael mann.
1573226521|2.0|Stoned, sloppy and wealthy western youth get better than they deserve in the travel ghetto's around the world. Globetrotting in the search for some catatonic Eden in someone else's back yard is typical of the arrogance. The  ghettos are there to primarily shield the natives from the westerners, not  visa-versa. Garland's \\"hallucinogenic\\" writing style, suicidal Disney  characters and all, is insincere and silly.  Richard's epiphany from the  jaded and squirrelly into some almost-crucified Christ-like innocent at the  story end was unconvincing. It would have been more apropos and less  tedious if the dope-freeloading gameboy-playing western beach colony had  all been lined up and shot by the Thai drug traffickers 100 pages earlier  than this book's ending. This was not an important yarn, but a flatulent  yawn.
0783235607|5.0|What is fascinating to me about this film is Hitchcock's clever use of subconscious devices that add to the sense of dread but do not register at a conscious level unless you are looking for them.  I began to notice them  only after reading some commentary on the film, and watching it a few  times.  Let me give a few examples.  (1) When Marion stops in the rainstorm  at the Bates Motel, the windshield wipers on her car continue flashing back  and forth, cutting like a knife.  (2) Marion's motel room at the Bates  Motel looks remarkably similar to her room at home, emphasizing her  inability to escape her problems.  Also, the bathroom is incredibly  well-lit; we notice this long before she decides to take her shower.  (3)  After the shower murder, Norman yells &quot;Oh, God, Mother, Blood!&quot;  As Norman comes into view and collapses against a wall, we hear four chords  from the shower murder scene, hinting to us that Norman is connected to the  murder!  (4) The next scene is in the hardware store, where huge rakes are  pointing outward at us, like the birds scratching and clawing that Norman  mentioned in his parlor.  (5)  When Norman is talking to Marion about  eating like a bird, he says, &quot;actually, that expression's a fals-  fals- falsity.&quot;  The reason he stumbles over this phrase is that what  most people would say, a &quot;fallacy,&quot; sounds too much like  &quot;phallus&quot; and Norman's got real problems about sex, as we know.  The thing I enjoy most about this movie is looking for these imbedded  tricks, as well as Hitchcock's grim sense of humor (&quot;Mother's not  herself today, you know.&quot;)  This makes it more interesting than the  average horror film.
0783240287|5.0|We loved the stage play of &quot;Joseph&quot; starring Donny Osmond and were very interested to see how the video would compare.  We were very pleased to find that the video was true to the original production while  adding some interesting details.  Donny Osmond's voice sounds wonderful and  he is great in this role. The other performers are all very talented, as  well.  This is a video that the entire family can watch and enjoy together.   One word of caution though....you will be humming the songs from this for  days!
B00000K0EA|4.0|In this bond Peirce Brosnan reprises his role as elite super agent James Bond.It seems in this movie he gets entagled with a media mogul Elliot Carver who seemingly gets off on misfortunes and accidents from around the  world and fabicates  them for the simple fact to create publicty for  creating another world war.It's up to only one  man to stop this  madman.With beautiful women and a fully armed BMW 750 ai to infiltration of  a  stelth ship to a helicopter chase through the  streets and an one man  excersion on a wepons  bazzar with the beautiful Teri Hatcher and  ,  beautiful stuntwoman Michele Yheo.<br />      Peirce Brosnan has fun with Bond  this time around , this is no Goldeneye or The World Is Not Enough but it  is an exotic and action packed movie it a fun movie to watch and thats all  you get a fun movie to watch.So if you want a more classic Bond film your  best bet is Goldeneye or The World Is Not Enough but if you want a bond  film just for fun then this is one to get.<br />    The specal edition DVD  gives all the info on this film and info on James Bond himself Specal  effects reels and trailers.This movie is worth  buying 007 is still the one  for action.
630575067X|4.0|Star Wars Episode I - The Phantom Menace must have been not only the most anticipated film of all time, but also the biggest disappointment of all time - at least to hardcore fans. But let's face it, folks: if someone  doesn't know better than to dedicate their lives to expecting a movie  sequel, that's their own problem. Episode I may have been surrounded by a  hype that raised the expectations of fans too high and got heavily on the  nerves of those who never cared much for the original Star Wars in the  first place, but it's not such a disastrously bad film.<br />All right, the  story is pretty illogical and Lucas has probably written some of the worst  dialogue in the movie history. When I first saw the film in movies,  McGregor's line &quot;I have a bad feeling about this&quot; teased a  genuinely hilarious reaction out of the audience - the problem is, it  hardly was intended as funny. Similarly, Jar Jar Binks who assumably was  supposed to take care of the comedy department never managed to break the  ice, and it seems the general opinion wished for a special edition with  this character erased by the same computer effects that created it. Talking  of which, why are Qui-Gon's and Obi-Wan's clothes dry when they enter the  Gungan city having just swam through the lake surrounding it? And why  doesn't Qui-Gon's cloak burn when he forgets to switch off his light-saber  before putting it back to his belt? <br />But if you manage to turn off your  inner movie critic for a moment and choose to go for a couple of hours of  good entertainment instead, it's great fun. Natalie Portman as Queen  Amidala and Jake Lloyd as young Anakin Skywalker may not assure us as a  couple, but their individual performances are enjoyable, as is Liam  Neeson's as Qui-Gon Jinn. For fans of Ewan McGregor there is not much -  maybe the time will come in Episode II. The special effects are beautiful,  the action entertaining (especially the breathtaking pod-race sequence) and  the adventureis still there, as it was in the previous films; it still  invokes the childlike pleasure in the viewer, this fairytale universe.  <br />The strength of Star Wars has never really been in great storylines or  witty dialogue, but in the ability to create a whole and complete universe  with its own mythology, heroes and heroines. It appeals to something that  is very deep within us - the truth is that storytelling and mythologies  have existed in some form in almost every single culture ever known.<br />If  you're expecting an incredible experience that will change your life, don't  bother. Be realistic: it's just a film. But it should rather be judged by  its own achievements than the expectations created partly by the fan cult  around the original Star Wars and partly by the huge marketing machinery  around it. Be open to it and you might find the force is still with you.
6304119046|5.0|I really love this movie not because of its cinematography, not because of its acting, not because of its soaring plot, but because of the POINT of the movie.  The POINT that this movie brings up has never and, it seems,  will never be handled in such a perfect manner.  The viewer never meets  Kane, the people never meet Kane, and worst of all, Kane's friends and  lovers never meet Kane.  He exists as a compilation of his many selves he  projects and of the many selves his close-ones percieve.  A man can never  be summed up in one movie, paragraph, or even one word.  <br />&quot;Rosebud&quot; is one of the most recognized words in movie  history.  I almost gave the movie 4 stars because it reveals the meaning of  the word at the end and in a way strikes down what the movie stands for and  reveals to the movie watcher the real Kane: a sad, tortured individual  longing for the love he lost as a child.  BUT, the movie's POINT still  stands and WOW if this movie doesn't deliver its POINT!  5 stars - SEE IT!
B00000163G|5.0|This is without a doubt the greatest rap album of all time.  2pac shows his amazing talent on his last album while he was alive.  There isnt one song I dont like on either cd.  The album features snoop, dre, and k-c and  JO Jo.  This a must buy for all rap fans
006092988X|4.0|A Tree Grows in Brooklyn By Betty Smith<br /> Betty Smith is well knows for her many works, but the one book that almost everyone knows about, that she wrote is A Tree Grows in Brooklyn.  In this book she shows herself to  be an author of great depth and knowledge into the human soul.  All her  words come strait from the heart to make a book that engulfs all who read  it.  This book gives great insight into life; it shows why many people  strive to become someone better and how some people are able to craw up to  a better station in live against tremendous odds as well as forces working  against them.   A tree Grows in Brooklyn touches every ones hearts.  It is  about a little girl, Mary Frances Nolan (also known as Francie), growing up  in the poorer part of Brooklyn with a drunken, singing waiter for a father,  yet this father somehow always make her feel so special and unique.  She  lives with her father, a severely realistic mother, and a brother who is  always favored.  She is treated poorly throughout school because she is so  different and independent.  Even at birth she was thought of as  \\"different\\"; Francie was born with a caul which was supposed to indicate  that the child was set apart to do great things in the world.  Francie  always kept to herself and was the silent studious type.  In fast she  entertained herself with books from the local library; she promised herself  that one day read all the books in the library, she started this goal by  reading a book-a-day.  Her brother's birth, not one year after hers,  doesn't help this division at all; she feels even more disconnected and  different from the rest of the world at Neeley birth, fore he is the  favored son and get all the attention that Francie lacked growing up. At a  very young age Francie learned how important money is as well as the  division is society caused by money and education. Because of this division  and favoritism, Francie becomes the sole provider for the family after the  deathof her father.  She goes to work straight after graduation from grade  school and never gets to have the pleasure and luxury of a high school  diploma, but that doesn't stop her from her dreams.  Her dreams of moving  up in the world, to a place were you don't have to worry about where your  next meal comes from.  True, this sounds like a ridicules dream considering  that today this is a requirement from everyone, but at this point in time  very few people, without wealth, were able to get a higher education or  even be able to go to high school.  Nothing can stop Francie from getting  her dream. This wonderful book cuts right to the heart of life.  It show  the true American dream; the dream of higher education and a better live  for everyone.  If you don't read A Tree Grows in Brooklyn you will be  denying yourself a rich experience of the true American dream.  A dream  that has made this country what it is today.
B00003CWL5|1.0|I absolutely cannot believe that this movie won an Oscar.  This has convinced me to never watch the Oscars again since it is obviously a &quot;political&quot; organization.  This movie was just dumb AND  disgusting in its semi-pedophilic theme.  I am not a prude but I could  hardly stomach Kevin Spacey's behavior.  With all the discussions about  &quot;family values&quot; I was also disappointed with the complete lack of  reverance in this family and their attempt to spoof (which fell flat,by the  way).  I am tremendously thankful I did not waste my money at the theatre.   Wasting my money on a rental was bad enough.  This was the WORST movie I  have seen in a very long time.
B00000099Y|3.0|I love Tool, and this is a wonderful CD, but it's dangerously close to unlistenable.  It's brutal and morbid, and at times you have to wade through several minutes of wind noises; for all that, there are moments on  this CD that are heartbreakingly beautiful as well.  The intellectual ideas  behind it are fascinating, but they are not always effectively communcated  by the music.  I'd love to see a new album with more diverse  instrumentation.
0312932081|5.0|This book is _incredible_.  I recommend it to everyone, whether or not they are fans of scifi.  It is a very easy read, and very compelling.  It took me 2 days to read it because I couldn't put it down.  The most recent  comment I've received from someone I recommended it to is: &quot;I started  Ender's Game last night... I got to page 170.  I decided at 4am that I  should probably get some sleep!&quot;
B00000IOSU|5.0|I cannot say enough about Sarah's music... It's so emotional and touching... pure poetry... This CD is the best of the best... You'll NEVER get tired of it... It's one that you can listen to over and over and never  get tired of it! If you have not experienced Sarah yet (can you think of  ONE person who hasn't? ) I recommend ANY of her CDs... they are ALL gems...
0783239424|5.0|I saw The Dinner Game (Le Diner de Con) at the theater a few months ago and thought that it was extremely enjoyable.  The whole concept of having a dinner for the dorkiest people is simply hilarious.  I highly recommend  this video to others who enjoy laughing aloud.
0671867369|5.0|This book, like most of Ambrose's other books, is just awesome. It is a moving tale of ordinary citizens who became tough fighting soldiers. It tells the story of E Coy, 101 A/B from its birth to its end. Ambrose's  style of going into the details of the men's lifes while not losing sight  of the overall theme is magnificent. The story is very riveting and I could  not put the book down until I finished it. <br />However, I found that the  book has a slight tendency to be unbalanced. The author praises the  soldiers of E Coy as being extremely brave (They definitely were brave  men!) while putting down their opponents as being much much less competent.  I find this to be rather distasteful as I am sure the other soldiers fought  with as much bravery and competence. <br />All said, the book is otherwise  excellent
0743200799|2.0|The history has been told, and better, in other books.  If not for Apollo 13, the movie, Kranz would be an unknown.  His contributions to space were no more than a half dozen others, and less than some like the fabled  Christopher Kraft.<br />Kranz is no writer; it's the personal stuff that gives  his book any credence.  Unfortunately, he put an awful lot of focus on  himself without much mention of the people who brought in on board, then  trained him.<br />The tidbits about life in NASA are interesting.  But as a  history, this is just another average memoir by somebody who got lucky with  a movie.
0440234743|4.0|I go hot and cold on John Grisham -- I liked &quot;The Firm&quot;, loved &quot;A Time to Kill&quot;, but then thought &quot;The Pelican Brief&quot; and &quot;The Client&quot; started sounding way too similar and derivative  of his first big hit, &quot;The Firm&quot;.  With &quot;The  Testament&quot;, Mr. Grisham is anything but derivative of his other works.   Sure, there's a disillusioned lawyer at the heart of the story.  Yes,  there is the usual array of greedy, money-hungry, over-the-top characters.   But there is more soul in &quot;The Testament&quot; than in any book since  &quot;A Time to Kill&quot;.  Nate's travels into the swamps of Brazil to  locate the unwilling heiress to a fortune of billions let us see past the  lawyer in him and to the man beneath, and to the mass of insecurities and  inadequacies that have turned him into a divorcee, an alcoholic, and an  absent parent.  Rachel Lane, the MIA missionary he has gone to find, subtly  points him in the right direction without him realizing he's being led.  I  read this book while I was in the hospital and it's the one thing that  could keep my mind off my own worries.  A very good novel!
B00000AFWW|1.0|This album is way cool.  It's possibly the greatest rock disc ever created in the history of the universe.  Everyone should worship Hole and believe everything they say.  Courtney Love is also way cool.  She has the deepest  kind of respect for her fans and she never steals her material from other  people.  That's so cool.  She sings songs about shallow, self aggrandizing,  profiteering poseurs from the perspective of a shallow, self aggrandizing,  profiteering poseur.  That's also cool.
B000002J2F|5.0|I'm totally spellbound by the special sound of Duke. Tony is using this special synthiziser that gives a very special and enormously beautiful sound. At the same time, Phil's vocals are wonderful, making this a  masterpiece.<br />Duke is a, album about loneliness, which is always a good  thing. What makes the song exceptional is the fact, the the music matches  the mood of the lyrics perfectly. Everytime I listen to  &quot;Heathaze&quot; it breaks my heart! It's just SO BEAUTIFUL. Take these  lyrics:<br />&quot;It's time to stop this dreaming/must rejoin the real  world/as revealed by orange lights/and a smoky atmosphere.&quot; and  &quot;The trees and I are shaken by/the same winds but whereas/the trees  will loose their withered leaves/well I just can't seem to let them  loose/and they can't refresh me/those hot winds of the south/of I feel like  an alien, a stranger in an alien place.&quot;<br />This is one of the most  beautiful songs I've ever heard! Other masterpieces are &quot;Behind the  Lines&quot; and &quot;Duchess&quot;. The opening musical part of  &quot;Behind...&quot; is fantastic - it can't be described, but it's really  amazing, and must not be missed. &quot;Duchess&quot; is super beautiful  too, and check out the live-version of &quot;Three Sides Live&quot; - it's  even better (believe it or not!).<br />&quot;Cul de Sac&quot;, Man Of Our  Times&quot; and &quot;Alone Tonight&quot; are all great pop-songs, and  &quot;Turn It On Again&quot; is cool, even though it's a little different  from the rest of the album. &quot;Misunderstanding&quot; is also quite  good, but &quot;Please Don't Ask&quot; is to much 'weaping' - but OK, it  has its points on breaking up.<br />The final, the musical pieces &quot;Dukes  Travels&quot; and &quot;Duke Ends&quot; are super cool, pulling up  highlights of the album, and in &quot;Duke Ends&quot; we get the musical  part of &quot;Behind The Lines&quot; again - hooray! So: Don't miss this  album!
B0000296SI|5.0|After the two-single,under-produced dirge that was Dude Ranch, I was more than hesitant to buy anything by the Nudie Boys again, but one quick listen to &quot;What's My Age Again&quot; changed that quick smart. Thanks to a good pal, I was hooked up with a copy of Enema, and away I went. The thing  never left my CD player for the best part of two weeks, and I still get it  out now and then to play along to, or just for a good jump around. Can I  possibly say that EVERY song on this CD is great? Well, I just have. This  rates up there with the best of NOFX, and absolutely rains down from above  upon any of the other pop-punk pretenders. What a difference a couple of  years can make.
6304994540|5.0|All i have to say is that you must see this movie! its very funny....it awful that it was a dissapointment at the box office...i dont see how it was! this is an all time great movie! hey coen brothers! im waiting for a  sequel!
0385493800|4.0|This was one of Grisham's best books since A Time to Kill.  I couldn't put it down once the heiress was located.  I recommend it highly to all of those who like &quot;legal&quot; reading.  Contrary to other reviews,  didn't get the feeling of being preached to - the book was about finding a  missionary after all!
6303407188|5.0|I watched Ed Wood with my father last summer and we both enjoyed it thoroughly.  It is one of those movies that is brilliant both conceptually and dramatically.  Johnny Depp is always wonderful, and the sense of humor  of the film was refreshingly sophisticated (much too rare in contemporary  films.)   We laughed so hard we cried.<br />Don't you think Bela did a  wonderful job improvising with the motorless octopus? I need to own a copy  of Ed Wood!  This is my appeal to the powers that be - PLEASE RE-RELEASE  THIS FILM!                           Piper Silverthorne
B000002L7J|5.0|I was first introduced to this album shortly after it's release in America by a friend of mine. Being on a strick diet of 80's electronic music, such as Depeche Mode, I was reluctent to try something new. I remember taking  the RECORD home (Yes I said record. Actual Vinyl. I've just dated  myself:()and listening to it ALL night long. I was completely dumbfounded.  Never had I heard such honesty in  lyrics or music in my life.I became an  instant Smiths worshiper. The song most notable for it's raw meaning on the  album would be &quot;Well I Wonder&quot;. Steven Partick Morrissey is able  to take exactly what so many people have experienced and wondered  themselves, and just says it without any garbage watering the intent. This  album and their release that followed, The Queen Is Dead, are my Two  favorites from this true Underground band. I know I will be listening to  the Smiths for MANY more years to come.P.S. I'm still an synth-pop FREAK!
6305426651|5.0|Get this straight, folks.  This is not another Schindler's List, and it does not attempt to be. Schindler's List is an excellent film, but this is not another documentary picture on the Holocaust.  While it is a fable  based on events during the Second World War and the end is set in a  concentration camp, it is obviously only a movie and not based on real  life.  And who says that every movie made on a particular subject must be  the same?  Begnini has made a film that does not make light of the  Holocaust, but rather tells the tale of a man and his valiant attempts to  shield his son from the attrocities of this horrible war.  He knows what  his ultimate fate will likely be, but he can not bring himself to reveal  this to his little boy.  <br />The first half of this movie is simply  hilarious, with Begnini showing an incredible gift for physical comedy.  It  also serves as a great contrast to the second half of the picture, which is  serious and quite sad to watch.  The subject of the concentration camp is  not dealt with in complete accuracy, obviously, but there are a few scenes  which are easily as visually and emotionally powerful as those in any  documentary picture. <br />One must remember that this is only a movie.   People go to the movies to see stories, and while some movies do attempt to  represent 100% accurate accounts of historical events, most take a more  liberal approach and simply use the historical informatoin upon which to  base a story of some degree of fiction.  In this respect, as a form of  entertainment, La Vita e Bella is a complete success.  It is a story of a  man who deals with terrible tragedy the way he has dealt with so many other  events in his life, by using humour. Those who say it trivializes the  Holocaust are missing the point, and must realise that this is only a  fable, and not a documentary.  It will make you laugh, it will make you  cry, and it WILL make you think.  As a piece of fictional entertainment, it  is a clear winner.
0767849493|5.0|When I saw this movie in the theatre, I thought that I had died and gone to heaven.  Afleck and Damon couldn't have done better.  I was disturbed by some of the scenes, but other than that, I reccomend this movie to anyone  who loves a good comedy.To make a long story short, I LOVED IT!
B000007NYS|5.0|I was introduced to Lucinda Williams by way of the Smithsonium Folkways catalog. Her name was sandwiched between Woody Guthrie and Blind Willie Johnson. The Smithsonium Institute is a pretty high-brow organization. I  couldn't figure out who Lucinda Williams was, much less why her name was  next to folk legends (all dead by the way) such as The New Lost City  Ramblers.<br />After listening to Lucinda's commercial debut, the answer was  obvious: Lucinda Williams is an America Classic. Attempting to measure her  music against the standard yardstick of folk, blues or rock is lazy  criticism  - unworthy of her talent and dedication. Take the popular music  of today, and strip away the melodramatic violins, the whining peddle steel  guitars, and the contrived chorus arrangements. What's left is the music of  Lucinda Williams: as classic as the Harley Davidson, as rugged as three  fingers of Tequila, and as refreshing as a cold shower.<br />When your sixteen  and in love for the first time (I Just Wanted To See You So Bad) nothing,  not even the threat of eternal fire in hell, will keep you away from your  love. Lucinda Williams is infatuating. Nothing should keep you away from  sharing her love for music.
B000002GLV|5.0|JBF was an album I bought because I knew and loved JM. What I didn't know was jazz--and this was a perfect entry for me to what I now consider a life-long passion.  Like most of the other reviewers, I have worn the  grooves flat on this smoker.
B00000J7J4|1.0|Goodwill special sum's up thisdeal I got. This was one lameturkey. That's all I got to say about that.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Fight Club was one of those movies that you either liked or you hated. There is no in between. It is either too much or just enough. If you like excessive violence, twisted story lines, and demented characters then Fight  Club is for you. And just when you think that the move is great... it kicks  into over drive and blows you away! One would want to say more, but there's  too much to give away in an in-depth review. Fight Club will beat you down  and make you scream for more.
0871137380|4.0|There's quite a bit to admire about Mr. Bowden's work--his attention to details, his willingness to Get It Right, the pacing of the book.  All of these things make reading this book a not unenjoyable process except for  one nagging thing: IT'S A WAR! People are dying and suffering.   The  Sammies--might I add that this is not a bit dehumanizing--the Rangers, the  Rangers' families. They're all in the middle of life and death struggles  and no one seems to want to stop it. These are, in fact, what our men are  trained to do in fact.  They want to bring the long arm of the U.S.  military down on whoever gets in their way because they've been conditioned  to want this.  Despite what we know about Third World diplomacy and the  futility of dealing with conditions like Mogadishu, Bosnia, etc. our  response is to blow everything to bits, most of the time.  &quot;We're just  soldiers and just doing out jobs,&quot; seems to be the rationalization  that propels men into battle and which they throw over their conduct while  in battle and yes, thank God so many have done this, but when is it going  to stop?  The answer, I know, is never.  But the fact that the movie rights  for this book have been optioned by a man who's reponsible for the most  successful military agit-prop ever (&quot;Top Gun&quot;) bothers me even  more. People will make war with or without &quot;Top Gun&quot; but must  they look forward to it?  While in the middle of battle must they feel as  if they've stepped into a movie? Because their real lives feel like movies  are they more inclined to continue wars and thus keep the movie going  indefinitely? I hope we never find out.
0783240503|5.0|The film approach to this musical was a smart move-- the &quot;we'll tape a performance&quot; approach is kinda cheesy.  The sets were great, especially the desert scene, and the costumes were imaginative.  The songs  were very nice; they go from a catchy jingle-type advertisement for  &quot;Jacob and Sons&quot; to a Western theme (&quot;One More Angel in  Heaven&quot;), to a somewhat 1920's approach in &quot;Potiphar,&quot; to a  1960's Austin Powers-ish &quot;Go Go Joseph&quot;, to the bluesy  Elvis-themed &quot;Song of the King&quot;, and to the Jamaican  &quot;Benjamin Calypso.&quot;<br />Donny Osmond shines as Joseph: he can  really sing!  Richard Attenborough was very good as Jacob, who sang a few  lines and was actually pretty good at it!  Mrs. Potiphar (Joan Collins) was  hilarious, as was Robert Torti as Pharaoh &quot;The King.&quot;  (He was my  dad's favorite character; he's watched the Pharaoh's song about a million  times.)  The eleven brothers are really funny, too!  The only character I  have a minor problem with is the Narrator, played by Maria Friedman.  She  has great facial expressions, but her singing voice is  less-than-stupendous.  (Listen to some of the cast recordings, particularly  the 1993 LA cast; you'll hear the difference.)<br />PS - As for the supposedly  pornographic scenes with Mrs. Potiphar, they happen so quickly and the plot  moves to Joseph in jail so fast there hardly isn't any time for questions  of any sort.  I'm a Christian, and I've seen worse things on network  television.<br />All I can say is, Go, Go, Go, Joseph!
B00000J7RZ|2.0|On the 6 was realy bad. Shehas a great voice. But shestunk bad on this one. Sheis lucky to get 2 star's.Bt one song was ok. Ohyeah my wife said to addthis. She sing's greatbut dresses like a dog.
B00000J6AG|4.0|The first time I listened to Play, I admit I was a little bored.  The songs seemed a bit repetitive, although I thought the juxtaposition of old blues and gospel samples with techno breaks was musically interesting and  pleasing to my ear. The second time I heard it, however, it started to grow  on me in a major way.  I think part of my problem was that Play is not the  kind of album I can just sit there and listen to - I need to be doing  something else at the same time.  When it sinks into the background, I find  it gets me moving and feeling uplifted.  It is a very spiritual record, and  Moby is a spiritual guy, which is what makes it work, I think.  If you can  give this album the benefit of the doubt, you may find it to be your new  favorite.
B00000K19E|5.0|awesome thought provoking, intense, romantic, all of the things that make a movie memorable.
B000002C1X|5.0|I truly believe that the period between 1966 and and 1980 was the most fruitfull period for music and films in westeren civilisations.  Albums like Sgt Pepper, The White Album, dark side of the moon songs like A Day in  The Life, movies like A clockwork orange and taxi driver all spoke to the  first real youth culture.  This Album was the last cultural high and afinal  truly countercultural opum maxum that like the prevous examples was a  barometer to the times.  we wii never see its likes again.  And then  Thatcher and Regan ruined everything. goodbye cruel world...
B00000J7J4|1.0|MY CAT SING'S BETTER. I DONT KNOW HOW THIS JABRONI THINK'SHE'S WORTHY TO EVEN SING. WHEN DOES PEOPLE REALY KNOW ENOUGHIS ENOUGH ALREADY. I TRULY AMAMAZED THEY LET GARBAGE SING.
B000002AQQ|3.0|The movie &quot;Forrest Gump&quot; was a fun romp through time.  The soundtrack comes across as a middle of the road, play it safe baby boomer package once you take away the movie.  A majority of these songs have  already appeared on either the artist's albums or other compilations - why  bother getting this one unless you like the movie packaging?  Better off to  start off with compilations like &quot;Nuggets&quot; or even Rhino's  &quot;Have a Nice Day&quot; series if you like music from this era.  Of  course there are so many other compilations I can't mention due to space  limitations.  Simply put, skip this CD and start elsewhere.
6303686745|5.0|One reviewer above is very mistaken.  Strangelove is a comedy.  This is a tense, and intense drama.  The first movie I ever saw that left me with my jaw-dropped and one where the good-guys were not the winner.  This is a  remarkable movie and should be seen by everyone.
0395645662|2.0|I dident really like it becuse it was really weird. And it was nothing like you think it whould be. And the reson i give it a 2star is becuse i like exsiting books and it isent really exciting. but if you like books that are not what you think this is one for you. Well keep on redading. you  might like it and if you do put a recamandation on hear about it. :0)  :&gt;)
6305750750|5.0|In this day and time, it is regretful that whomever (Lucas ?) is not offering this in DVD. We who have DVD will not buy it in VHS. Somebody is missing the marketing &quot;boat&quot;!
B00000JHAU|5.0|when i bought this record back in late 1997 or early 1998, i thought that music was just no good at the time. but when i realised i had had 'if you're feeling sinister' in my stereo for four weeks in a row, my trust and  faith in music came back. it made me go out and buy tons of new records.  simply brilliant. if you for some peculiar reason still haven't got this -  buy it now!
B000002AV5|5.0|This album has taken the best cuts from her first three albums: Diamond Life, Stronger Than Pride and Promise: just about everything you could want from them on one disc.    I cannot think of woman singing who sounds sexier in her singing. Name a cut: \\"Paradise\\" is just steamy in its eroticism. \\"Is It A Crime\\" and \\"Jezebel\\" are fantastic. But there is nothing like \\"Never As Good As The First Time\\"!    She is so fine a singer. With these tunes in the headphones, one can almost imagine seeing her in a small smoky cabaret with the one you love, one of a small handful of people at an equally small number of tables.  Just Sade and her combo.    That would be about as good as it gets. Like this album.
B00000IKSC|5.0|Hey people! Or should I say BsB fans?  Well... I just have to say that I absolutley loved this video so~~~~~~~&gt; much!  3 reasons why..... It had AJ, great music, and the rest of the guys!  They are so talented and so  hot (especially AJ &lt;3) If you love AJ (like me) you should definatly get  this video becuz there is ALOT of him in this video!
B000035Z2L|5.0|This was, too funny I liked it, alot I was laughing alot but more of a movie for older teens to watch. Rent it, trust me it will make you laugh.
B000002VMH|5.0|This is a great CD and Ms. Lennox's voice is perfect.  Don't even hesitate another minute and buy this CD!
0767812417|5.0|I remember watching this movie when I was a child. I loved it then and I love it more now watching it with my own children.  The story is classic, the music, beautiful and memorable.  I remembered the words immediately, as  though I had just watched it the other day, when in fact it had been 20  years. The performances are fantastic, and we all just love it.  I would  highly recommend it.  :)
6305750750|5.0|This was an excellent movie. I didn't get to see it nearly enough in the theatre so I have made up for it by watching the video continuously since it came out. The true Star Wars fan will realize what an incredible job  George Lucas did in setting the stage for the next two movies. My friends  and I can't stop trying to figure out the answers that are still to be  given. We can't wait for II and III. Thanks Mr. Lucas, for another great  beginning!
B00000K19E|5.0|This is the only movie which I can not talk about, it should be seen via home theater system in order to know what a smashing film it is.
6305807086|1.0|One of the most boring, obscene, disgusting, repulsive movies I have ever seen in my 25 years of movie-watching.  The movie had no obvious plot, going through the mind of some one else is childish, and the music put me  and my companion asleep. A real snoresville of a movie.  In reality I would  give this movie a quarter of a star if I had that option or maybe an eighth  of a star.
B00001NFCY|5.0|This CD is amazing, absoulty amazing, great songs and great music. Every song is a good one. This CD is no where near bad and dosen't get old. I would recomend it to anyone.
6305750750|2.0|I never thought that I would find myself giving a Star Wars film only two stars. I bought this movie at Amazon in the UK. Unless you have THX for the sound (and I don't know anyone here who does) the sound is a big  disappointment. My Dolby Surround Sound sat silently twiddling its thumbs,  making the whole experience flat. With the effects removed the movie has  nothing, and relies entirely on the hype from the first three. I'm a BIG  Star wars fan and was very disappointed. The Jar Jar Binks character needs  to be ditched quickly, in order to retrieve the respect that the original  triology has. Lucas could have done a better job with Big Bird. I hope that  George Lucas tries to go for story quality, rather than easy bucks with the  next episode. He can only try to fool the fans once.
0451197968|5.0|<br />I had read a few of Stephen King's bestsellers before this one, but &quot;The Running Man&quot; is the best novel of the lot. This fast-paced, action-packed story was fantastic, and I almost finished all 300+ pages in  one sitting. <br />Ben Richards, the main character of the story, is a person  with true grit and determination. He enters a life-and-death game called  &quot;The Running Man&quot; to get money to pay for a doctor for his sick  child. He comes across as a good-hearted and caring individual, even though  he uses foul language and violence. Stephen King brilliantly creates a  two-sided character who is both morally good and outwardly bad, depending  on your point of view. Despite Richards' witticisms and snide remarks, I  couldn't help becoming attached to his character and his struggle to come  out of the game alive. His never-ending push forward through the throws of  life was well-written by King. More than once it seemed as if Richards had  been beaten, but then King added a new twist to the tale. I never really  knew whether Richards was safe from the hunters or in danger of losing it  all. This is one of the reasons why it is hard to put the book down -- you  don't know what to expect will happen next. <br />The story progresses with  increasing tension as time goes on for Richards. It reaches a climax at the  very end of the novel that was unexpected by me, but also served as a  suitable ending to Richards' plight. In a way, Richards had already decided  the outcome of the game from the very start. This adds another element to  the book that makes it even more interesting. <br />A lot of people who may  not have read the book have likely seen the movie, made in 1987 and  starring Arnold Schwarzeneggar. If you saw the movie, regardless of whether  you liked or hated it, read the book! The movie is only remotely similar to  the book with regard to the general scenario, but from there, the book  takes over and makes the story far greater thanthe screenplay. The movie  was interesting, but the book was astounding! <br />I am not a big-time fan of  Stephen King, but I have to say that &quot;The Running Man&quot; is a great  piece of literature from an author who is renowned for writing horror  stories. The novel is about a struggle for survival and a story of one  man's rebellion against the upper-class. Horror fans need not despair,  however, because King throws in some of the guts that have made his horror  stories spine-tingling. Overall, I highly recommend this book to anyone who  is willing to let his/her imagination run wild on an adrenaline rush.
0312853238|5.0|I had to read this book for a science fiction course at my college and I thought, being a reluctant reader, that I would have to read a torturous 300 page book.  Was I ever off the mark!<br />This book was amazing.  I was  hooked.  If I had to go to work or go to class, I was angry that I had to  put this book down.  Never have I been so engulfed in a book as I have been  in this one.<br />As soon as I finished reading it, I only wished that there  was more.  Well, there is more: &quot;Speaker for the Dead&quot;,  &quot;Xenocide&quot;, and &quot;Children of the Mind&quot;, which I do  intend on reading as soon as all my exams are over.<br />I would recommend  this book to anyone, even those reluctant readers, like myself.
6305750750|4.0|I thought Phantom Menace was an excellent film. The first 30 minutes or so of the movie was pretty slow. After awhile, it began to pick up some pace.  My favorite scenes are the podracer scene, the battle between the gungans  and the droids, and the duel between Darth Maul, Obi Won, and Qui Gon. The  special effects were just spectacular. Especially in the pod racing scene.   My only complaint about the film is the acting by Jake Lloyd. He did not  put any feeling in his words. In my opinion, Lucas should've casted Haley  Joel Osment instead.  He would have made a better Anakin.
0312853238|5.0|I had to read this book for a science fiction course at my college and I thought, being a reluctant reader, that I would have to read a torturous 300 page book.  Was I ever off the mark!<br />This book was amazing.  I was  hooked.  If I had to go to work or go to class, I was angry that I had to  put this book down.  Never have I been so engulfed in a book as I have been  in this one.<br />As soon as I finished reading it, I only wished that there  was more.  Well, there is more: &quot;Speaker for the Dead&quot;,  &quot;Xenocide&quot;, and &quot;Children of the Mind&quot;, which I do  intend on reading as soon as all my exams are over.<br />I would recommend  this book to anyone, even those reluctant readers, like myself.
B000000WHC|3.0|I admire Gary Moore and I like this CD. I find his songs very clever pastiches of Texas blues, EC/Bluesbreakers, Peter Green, slide and Chicago blues rather appealing. But, I don't think he really has the blues in the  sense that give him half the chance he turns the Marshall up to 11 and  plays like a heavy metal god - it is a little tiring on the ears. But, as  his interpretations of what got him into playing the guitar in the first  place this is a good recording. He just needs to calm down a little and  take it slower. Still - he certainly can play!
B00000IQV1|2.0|THIS MOVIE WAS EXTREMELY BORING.A LITTLE FUNNY BUT STILL BADI DONT EVEN WANT ANYBODY TO MENTION IT AGAIN,IT WAS SO STUPID
630575067X|2.0|i think the phantom menace is prime evidence that george lucas needs to hand the torch off to someone else. once upon a time, george was a true maverick filmmaker who made movies that really did change the world. alas,  the phantom menace is seriously lacking. <br />the world's love of all things  star wars clouds the fact that this movie is missing basic storytelling  elements that even your average tv movie has. there is no dynamic between  characters. the actors are basically props that move from one scene to the  next. painful to watch.<br />if back in 77, george decided to start the star  wars saga at episode one, and shot this script...there never would have  been a sequel. it would have flopped horribly. <br />another way to look at  it, if george had the money and technology in 77 that he had at his  disposal now. he would have used those resources much more creativiely than  he does now.<br />the fact that it's not on dvd just emphasizes the clear fact  that george needs to release his iron grip and step down.
6305499365|3.0|GOOD,BUT UNREALISTIC.THE GUY JUST QUIT GOING TO WORK AND DIDNT GET FIRED OR ANYTHING!THIS MOVIE WAS JUST FUNNY
B00003CX59|5.0|I usually can't stand horror films,but I loved this! It was exciting,a little funny,suspenseful,and had a great look to it.It was very authentic and awspiring.It's definately a must see!
0767827015|4.0|this movie had some great acting from Ice Cube and Cuba Gooding Jr.really sad,though.this movie was just great.see it
B00000JZIK|4.0|This is a movie that should be in everyone's video library.  So what if you know the ending! The convoluted plot that leads up to the big finish can be watched over and over again because you're bound to notice something  you missed the time before.  This movie turned me on to Kevin Spacey.  I  bought the video to lend to friends who never saw the movie before.   Everybody likes it.
0780626478|1.0|when i was about to rent this,i was looking forward to a hilarious movie but when i saw this,i was really dissapointed.this movie was so boring.dont get this if your looking for comedy,this movie should be in the &quot;dumb&quot; section.
B000002HAJ|5.0|Not many words. Just listen to &quot;A letter to Elise&quot;.
B00003CX7K|3.0|THIS ONE WAS MORE FUNNIER THAN THE FIRST! NOT AS GOOD,BUT FUNNIER
0440224764|2.0|It's probably gotten to the point where John Grisham's grocery list would sell.<br />It would probably be almost as good as THE PARTNER.<br />Grisham is a very capable writer.  While it's doubtful that his books will ever be read  as great literary classics, he does have a way of writing page-turning  suspensers that have merit (THE CLIENT and THE FIRM being obvious  examples).<br />But, in THE PARTNER, Big John misfires.  The premise is a good  one: a lawyer in-the-know screws his evil partners and disappears with $90  million.  But the main character, Patrick, is portrayed by Grisham as being  so totally in control that he seems almost too superhuman to care  about.<br />This is not to say that the book isn't a page-turner; Grisham has  the knack of keeping the reader interested, no matter how silly the plot.  But the subplots go nowhere (particularly one involving Patrick's ex-wife),  and the ending, which is supposed to be ironic, is so out-of-the-blue that  it seems like a cheat.<br />THE PARTNER, then, is interesting enough to keep  you reading, but is, ultimately, a disappointment.
B00000K3UR|3.0|this movie was kinda stupid the first time i saw it,then i saw it again and it was much better for some reason,i dont know why.it was more funnier.this is one of Adam Sandler's &quot;okay&quot; movies.not his best  movie.Happy Gilmore is.but this one's still good
6304383177|1.0|I've seen this movie many times and each time I dislike Katherine Hepburn even more.  She is completely irritating in the car accident scene and she just goes on from there.  Cary Grant is, as always fabulous.
B000003S5H|5.0|i must say, that this is the type of album that grows on you indefinitely.  after first listening to this album, i set it neatly on my shelf along with other albums that i felt were average.  after two or three days apart  from the album, i couldn't stop thinking about it, yet i could not recall  one song.  that was nearly two years ago, and to this day, not a week goes  by where i don't at least listen to &quot;la femme d'argent&quot; or  &quot;tailsman&quot;.  i purchase four to eight albums a week to evaluate,  and this one always manages to creep in.  what else can i say?  acquire  this album, have patience with its sublety, and get ready to associate a  sense of nostalgia with this album evry time you listen to it, as if this  album has always been a part of your life.
B00004RHZU|5.0|Pinks debut album is hot she has really great songs and believe m there you go is not the best song she has great vocals as well my favorite song is private show the beat is good ad her lyrics and vocals are great also  other good songs are most girls,hiccup,hell wit ya,cant take me home and  all the other songs so go cop that
B00003A9QI|5.0|Rachel Portman is better known for composing lighter, more whimsical pieces and is not normally associated with rich, melodic scores such as that which she composed for \\"The Cider House Rules\\".  This CD  proves that she's every bit the equal of the acknowledged masters in this  field such as John Barry (Dance With Wolves; Out of Africa), James Horner  (Field of Dreams), and Randy Newman (Pleasantville; The Natural; Edward  Scissorhands).    Portman's score is, to put it simply, one of the most  beautiful and moving pieces I've ever heard.  Particularly noteworthy are  the Main Theme, \\"Homer Leaves the Orphanage\\", \\"Burying  Fuzzy\\", \\"Goodnight, You Princes of Maine\\", and the End  Credits. Overall, the pieces work do an excellent job of conveying the feel  of the picture without being overdone and schmaltzy.  There has been some  criticism of Portman employing the main theme, with minor variations, to  underscore other moments in the movie.  I personally think the criticism is  unwarranted.  Obviously she had a sense of what it would take to make this  score work well, and I take no issue with it.  When the music is as  beautiful as this, I see no problem in doing variations.  I only wish Randy  Newman had done this with his excellent \\"Pleasantville\\" score  (it's probably no coincidence that both of my favorite soundtracks are for  movies starring Tobey Maguire).     If this CD is any indication of what  Rachel Portman is capable of doing with a musical score, I for one wish  her a long and successful career.  I look forward to hearing more of her  work and highly recommend the original motion picture score of \\"The  Cider House Rules\\" as one of the best I've ever heard.
0790740443|4.0|Kurt Russell is a test tube bred soldier, taught from birth the discipline and destruction that a perfect human soldier requires, that is until technology improves and he becomes obsolete. A well-shot film with maybe  not the most intricate plot-line but one which definitely entertains.  I  can't give too much away, it does have large explosions and little speech  but nonetheless communicates very well by pictures alone.  Not only an  action film, it manages to encourage feelings of compassion and sorrow for  he who was a killing machine, due to all the things he was robbed of.  Definitely more than meets the eye and well worth buying on dvd.
630349255X|5.0|My first viewing of Baraka was on the big screen, and has left a lasting impression on me. Though  some refer to the film's raison d'etre as depicting the relation between humans and their environment, what they fail  to mention is the primacy of ritual in this film. Lest we reserve the term  ritual to some sort of &quot;primitive&quot; culture, contemporary American  culture is represented in its most circumscribed moments. Indeed the movie  is about human- environment interaction, but its focus is on the meanings  of habit, ritual and symbol as uniting the two. Baraka simultaneously  points to the broad range of rituals across diverse cultures, while uniting  us as creatures of magic and habit, with an eternal drive to understand our  world.
B000025ADH|5.0|The Anniversary Edition box set is perfect for fans who have yet to update their LPs or cassettes.  There is a second CD included that has a cool multi-media presentation.  There are promo videos for One Love, I Wanna Be  Adored, Waterfall, Fools Gold, etc.  Also, &quot;home video&quot; footage  in the studio.  Also includes discography, photos, quotes, lyrics.
B000000WJK|5.0|Just read some of these reviews, these guys know what is up and so should you. Join us and be a part of this music. To go a lifetime without this album is like never seeing a magnificent rainbow fill the sky after a great  storm.
6304401736|5.0|I can't tell you how much I love this. This is a gazillion times better than the animated feature : Better developed, more hilarious, better adapted and better performed. If you don't see this, you don't know what  you're missing. It's highly recommended for all Disney/Animal/Comedy/Family  Entertainment fans.  This is definetely 100% better than that garbage they  call 'Titanic'
0375703764|1.0|I have to agree with the other readers' comments. I too wanted to like this book. I notice it gets compared with Blair Witch Project and it suffers from that movie's defects as well: there's a suspenseful, creepy  buildup but it just doesn't go anywhere. It tries to hard to be a  &quot;future cult classic,&quot; and while the core story of the house is  somewhat interesting (the hokey footnotes don't help though) the framing  device of Johnny Truant is just weak. I can't believe this book took ten  years to write, seeing as how its style is almost completely derived from  Infinite Jest published just four years ago...now that we've all gotten it  out of our system, can we put a moratorium on cheeky footnote novels?
6304401736|5.0|I can't tell you how much I love this. This is a gazillion times better than the animated feature : Better developed, more hilarious, better adapted and better performed. If you don't see this, you don't know what  you're missing. It's highly recommended for all Disney/Animal/Comedy/Family  Entertainment fans.  This is definetely 100% better than that garbage they  call 'Titanic'
B00003CX5A|5.0|Okie! I had more than high expectations for this movie and usually that ends up with me finding the movie bad. BUT! This was great! The whole movie is dark and filled with lurking fog which gives a certain unsafe feeling.  Depp is the more or less a comic releif, butterfingering his way to find  this awful murderer. Can't say much more than you should see this, either  at the cinema or with a powerdul soundsystem at home. Anything less would  not give satisfaction enough! The only thing not so good was the computer  animations... could definetly have been better...
B00004KD1L|5.0|The more I listen to this cd, the more I want to listen to it!  I think the mellow tracks are the best ones, just really groovy songs with great hooks.  I can think of nothing better than putting this in my walkman and  going downtown for a walk.  The worlds looks like a much cooler place with  Groove Armada piping through the headphones.
6305718954|1.0|I was utterly shocked at how the church was portrayed during this film. There is no truth to any of the plot. the gospel of st. thomas, to those who have read it and to those who have not, is utterly ridiculous. it  portrays jesus as a hypocritical sexist pig. it even goes as far as to have  jesus say that mary, the virgin mother, is not fit for heaven because she  is a woman. His exact words were &quot;Make Mary leave us, for females  don't deserve life.&quot; In fact they only use a small portion of the  actual gospel, because it is the only part that gives a moral  interpretation of jesus. If you are a christian and believe that jesus  christ is you personal savior, dont watch this film, it is not a product of  our heavenly father.
1558908358|4.0|I saw &quot;Tron&quot; at a young age, and was highly-influenced by it.  I instantly became a video-game junkie as well as a fan of sci-fi, where as before my interests rarely strayed from Star Wars movies and KISS records.   <br />True, it's not the most scientifically plausible of plotlines (computer  hacker gets zapped into video-game universe where he is considered a  &quot;program&quot; and must battle the Master Control Program to defeat a  scheming corporate butthead from the real world who stole his video-game  ideas) but who cares!  In it's time, it had some of the most astounding  visuals ever beheld by the human eye.  True, the standards have been raised  over the past years, but I think a lot of it still holds its own in sheer  imagination quality.  <br />Jeff Bridges manages to get off a few good lines  here and there, and David Warner is always a good hammy villian,  reminiscent almost of Vincent Price or Christopher Lee.  <br />Plus, if you  stick around through the end credits you get a decent,  durn-near-impossible-to-find song by 70s-80s rock group Journey.<br />The DVD  transfer is great, too.  This is one of those movies that's just not as fun  without really good sound and picture, and subsequent VHS releases have  fallen short to say the least.
B00000K2W1|5.0|Janis Joplin was undeniably one of the most influential female rock vocalists of the 60's.  Not only did she give her heart and soul to blues music, she opened a doorway for other women, letting them know that it is  ok to release such true raw emotion as an art form.  The Greatest hits  collection is a fairly comprehensive overview of Janis' musical career.  To  hear the emotional jungle of a Janis performance listen to &quot;Cry  Baby.&quot;  To listen to the depth of Janis' alchoholic depression listen  to &quot;Down on Me.&quot;  Her final studio effort &quot;Pearl&quot; was  perhaps her most diversly mature album ever.  For a taste of this treat,  give &quot;Bobby McGee&quot; a spin.  The Greatest Hits Collection belongs  on every blues fans cd rack!
B00001QGPR|4.0|I've always felt Bowie's albums featured too many throwaway dities, and &quot;Hours&quot; adhered to that rule. (&quot;Station to Station&quot; was an exception because it only featured six songs.) His good songs are  usually excellent however, and there were enough of those on this album to  give it four stars. I especially liked &quot;Pretty Things..&quot;,  &quot;Seven,&quot; &quot;Survive,&quot; and the last song. &quot;Tuesday's  Child&quot; totally lost me though, and what was that reason for that dopey  instrumental? Worth a listen for the good stuff.
0060194995|5.0|I found this book an absolute pleasure to read.  It flows well and the characters are very compelling.  And, not only is it a &quot;good read&quot;, but there are excellent morals and values to be found as well.  It's a book that could be read over and over again, with new insights  gleaned each time.
630575067X|4.0|This movie doesn't have the most action in thw world, but it is still a good movie. When I saw it the second time, I understood it more.The movie is a good start for the next movies of the series. I think the visual  effects were great. I can tell a lot of imagination and creativity went  into the scenary.Jar Jar wasn't that bad either.The actors were o.k.The  light saber fight at the end was really hype. I like the movie overall. I  just don't agree with the discrimination of people of different backrounds  in the movie.
B000003S5H|5.0|All I can say is that this CD rocks! If I had to label it, it would &quot;70's influenced cocktail funk with that loungy flair to it. I'm a techno D.J but chillin to this is the best! Cheers
630575067X|3.0|I saw the first 4 Star War movies in the theater and this one is certainly for the youngins. Also, where's the DVD,George? My children are into technology. Get with the new and let the old technology fade like 8 track.
6305076995|1.0|Yes is one of my faverate 70's bands, this was really a dissapointment. Quality is horrable
B000000OUJ|5.0|Most heads pick &quot;Cuban Links&quot;as their favourite Wu Tang solo project - but it's not mine. The first GZA solo album is on another level. The dark soundscapes conjured up by the RZA give Genius a perfect backdrop  for his cinematic images. It's just crammed to the brim with lyrical gems.  GZA's storytelling is masterful. I'll say no more - let the lyrics speak  for themselves: &quot;the plan was to expand, catch seven figures, release  triggers and live      large and bigger than my nigga, who promised his  moms a mansion with mad room,      she died, he still put a hundred grand  in her tomb, open wounds, he hid behind      closed doors, and still  organised his crime and drug wars&quot;.
6305076995|1.0|Yes is one of my faverate 70's bands, this was really a dissapointment. Quality is horrable
6300215717|5.0|Roman Holiday was such a a wounderful movie. I've seen all of Audrey Hepburn movies, from this one to Always. She is a wounderful actress, she and Gregory Peck made such a cute couple in this movie. Even my dad was  laughing when he pretended to get his hand stuck in the statue. Even though  there was sad ending it seemed to fit this fairy tale so well. I hope any  one who saw this movie enjoyed it  as much as me.
B000005JA8|5.0|quite possibly the best album ever recorded, percussion, -extrodinary, and the lyrics and vocals, are simply the best ever recorded to disc.
B00000ADG2|5.0|I lOVE this CD. The lady is a real diva. She has powerful words enlightened by her faith, but don't  listen, if you don't want. Just feel this beautiful, pure voice and that great sense of rythm! If some songs are  not for all ears (I don't like &quot;lost ones&quot; for example, 'cause I  can't stand rap. I find it boring), I must acknowledge the lady successes  is mixing different styles of music such as R&amp;B and hip-hop. maybe one  of the best artists of these present times!
0802130208|5.0|I was stunned by how much I enjoyed this book. It is simply one of the best books I have read in a very long time. The style of the book reminds me of Vonnegut when he was in his prime. This work rates up there with  works such as &quot;Cat's Cradle&quot; and &quot;The Sirens of Titan&quot;.  He has really captured the flavor of New Orleans. If you have ever been  there you can sware that you have been to many of the scenes he so aptly  paints. READ THIS BOOK ! !
B00000ADG2|5.0|I first heard of the singer on my sister's birthD. A friend of mine had offered the CD. I loved it so much that I bought one  for myself the month after! although I fine some songs still too rough, sounding as a poor rap  (&quot;lost ones&quot;), the rest of the album is a miracle of pure voice.  the young lady is a new diva. her faith make her words full of sense, but  don't mind the words, if you prefer, 'cause the rythm and the grace of the  voice are enough to find this album a &quot;must-have&quot; one.
0440234743|1.0|Take every irrational conversation you've ever had with emotionally charged Gospel preachers, every &quot;Jesus loves you&quot; poster, pamphlet, and TV special, and you have the underlying theme of &quot;The  Testament.&quot;  As a storyteller, of course, Grisham does an excellent  job.  However, the books proper distribution channel should be through a  church.  Grisham does a terrible job of intelligently conveying the trite  message of the materialism of modern society.  At some points in the book  you wonder if Jesus will make his return then and there.
0812523334|1.0|The book is so into depth and it gets boring after 3 to 4 pages of each action in the story. The March Family seems like THE PERFECT FAMILY.  Its scary and extremely fictional because of this PERFECT FAMILY thing. FREAKY!
052594527X|1.0|The book is written in the first person, the narrator being a teenaged maid.  Apart from the fact thtthte style is unconvincing (no teenager I know could think like this), the plot resembles a Victorian softcore s and  m romance more than it does life in the 17th Ct. Netherlands.  What is  particualrly odd is that we're supposed to like the narrator, a thoroughly  ungenerous, judgmental, superior, witholding, and smug character who is  basically a Daddy's girl.  She is happy to criticize the other women in the  household in order to get Vermeer's attention, as if she were saying,  &quot;Daddy, daddy, I can clean better than they can. Paint me (Guess what  else) me too!&quot;  The novel tells us next to nothing about Vermeer, his  painting, or the process of painting them.  Nor does it tell us anything  about being a model.  If you want to read good historical fiction, look  elsewhere.
630575067X|2.0|If you can for a moment look at The Phantom Menace as just another film, how does it hold up?  Imagine removing the &quot;Star Wars: Episode One&quot; from the title.  And pretend the original three films were never  released?  What do you have left?  In my opinion, a cheesy sci-fi flick.   Not the worse film ever made.  Nor the best.  Just a fair, harmless  sci-fi/fantasy flick with geeky dialogue, an non-sensical story, cheesy  acting &amp; lame kiddie humor.  Sounds like just about every science  fiction movie ever made.  &quot;Phantom&quot; reminds me of the worse Star  Trek movies (Star Trek V for example).  <br />Of course, you can't just see  Phantom as 'just another movie.' Because the original three Star Wars  movies weren't simply movies, they were something really special.  The  sense of adventure, fun &amp; excitement the firt trilogy is unforgettable.   Plus, the films captured the audience imagination &amp; loyalty, something  only few films do.  So under that precedenct, this latest Star Wars movie  falls way short.<br />There's an old saying &quot;you can never go home  again,&quot; and I think this movie proves it.  The original trilogy of  films were a mark in time: pure genius &amp; truly classic.  Nobody plans  on greatness, and the success of those films were almost accidental.   Everyone (including George Lucas) thought the film would flop and be  ridiculed.  Nobody predicted it would become a worldwide phenomenon.   <br />And like &quot;Caddyshack II,&quot; &quot;New Coke,&quot;  &quot;Godfather III&quot; and the Beatles' &quot;Free as a Bird,&quot;  Phantom Menace fails to capture the spontainety, ingenuity &amp; emotional  impact of the original.  Granted its a tough act to follow, and I admire  Lucas nerve to actually attempt to follow three of the best loved movies of  all time.  Maybe he should of simply left well enough alone.  <br />The  reviews I've seen about Episode One are very extreme.  People either  rabidly love it and think itsthe best movie every made.  Or people  viciously hate it, saying that it irrevocably harms the Star Wars saga  &amp; is the worst film in history.  I think this proves that for the Star  Wars universe has become cult-like and like a secret society.  Where its  hardcore fans live, breath &amp; eat this stuff.  Millions of people have  looked to these films to provide meaning to their lives.  Or for some  people it has become their lives.  <br />There's a danger in becoming too  absorbed in something.  And I think the Star Wars fan base has almost grown  out of control.  I'm not one of those people who say, &quot;these are just  movies, get a life.&quot;  Because I don't believe the original trilogy  where &quot;just movies.&quot;  They are classic films, great memories of a  time long gone &amp; gave millions of people pleasure.  <br />However, that  moment can never be re-captured.  Phantom Menace tries to but doesn't.  And  episodes 2 and 3 won't live up to the hype either.  Lightning doesn't  strike the same spot twice.  Your best bet if you are a diehard Star Wars  fan is to avoid these films.  Don't look for deeper meaning or a key to  life.  <br />And for the general movie going public, put this one right up  there with &quot;Star Trek V,&quot; ok to skim through when its rerun on  HBO or the USA Network, but not worth much else.   Bad movies get made all  the time.  What makes this one so special or worth all this fuss and  debate?  I'm not saying the people on both sides of the fence need to  &quot;let go and move on.&quot;  I'm saying, &quot;don't watch the film.   Don't go back and see it 14 times. Don't buy the video or DVD or  widescreen.&quot;  Vote it out.  Send George Lucas and co. a message:   either make a good Star Wars film that at least is in the spirit of the  original films, or don't bother at all.<br />He'll never get the message if  his films keep making a billion dollars world wide and 50% of his fan-base  keeps talking about how he can &quot;do no wrong.&quot;  Its up to the  movie going public.    Fight the urge and quit viewing Episode One!
0553278223|4.0|I have just finished reading this book for my 10 th grade out side reading assignment.  When I first saw the book, I had no idea it was going to be what it was.  I was expecting some typical sci-fi book with aliens crashing  to earth, or maybe vice versa.  But the way Bradbury presented the whole  essence of the book was so thought provoking.  He really made you think  about if what he wrote could really happen.  It's written as if some one  just compiled all the history there was to know about how man came to  conquer and make a civilization upon mars.  You really need to read it to  understand what I'm talking about because words can do no justice to this  book.  I thought it was an excellent book and would reccomend it to anyone  who loves books with imagination and a hint of something a little  different, something you wouldn't quite expect from a book......
6305594252|4.0|Stargate SE is a great science fiction film.  This DVD release is much better than it's predecessor.  Although I found the nine minutes of additional footage not as benefiting as I hoped.  What really helped  explain a little more of the story was the commentary by Emmerich and  Devlin.  This film would have been better if it was actually longer!  The  video transfer is good, bit grainy in some spots, but otherwise fine.  The  sound is excellent!  If you have your Dolby Digital 5.1 system set up, you  in for a treat.  What baffles me is why this SPECIAL EDITION, is not  anamorphic?  I mean, the difference between the SE and Theatrical release,  is minimal at best.  I would have rather had Artisan just include SE and  pack in more features.  Aside from this, Stargate is great film, and if you  are a fan of the genre, I recommend picking up this title.
6304411448|4.0|This is a must see movie. It is so funny that I could hardly stop laphing and it also has romance in it that wraps the movie up to be even better.
B00003XB3C|5.0|THIS BOX SET IS AWESOME. MUST HAVE FOR HEAVY 'TALLICA FANZ. AWESOME SHIRT, EVER COOLER BOX. THE CONCERT WAS AMAZING, AND THE BOX SET IS JUST AS COOL! GET IT FAST! ONLY 1,000 MADE!<br />METALLIFUKINCA FOREVER!
B00000J6AG|5.0|I don't care if Moby is a genius or not one. I don't care if Moby is a techno artist or not one. I don't care if Moby plays all his instruments or does not. I don't care if Moby angers the blues purists out there or does  not. I don't care if Moby samples other artists or does not. I don't care  if Moby is a skinny white has been or if he isn't. I don't care if Moby is  &quot;in&quot; with the crowd or &quot;out&quot;. I don't care if Moby  writes essays or decides not to. But I DO care that he happened to release  one of the most enjoyable recordings in the past 12 months.  From one lover  of Christ to another, Moby you kick it.
B000003B6J|5.0|&quot;My name's Kenny G. and I got me some TRACK SHOES. Easy E. and Ice-Cube like peanuts not CASHEWS. I like architecture that's very ROCOCO. MC Ren's in the crib be drinkin' hot COCOA.<br />And so commences the finest  hip-hop masterpiece in the history of Rock and Roll. It is very easy to  short-sightedly make the connection between the influence (in Japan,  infruence) of Public Enemy and this CD's laudable output. What few music  critics fail to recognize, though, is that this rock band's two biggest  influences were Cajun-style boogaloo from the swampy bayous of Lew-siana,  and the electrik gee-tar fueled angst of the Motor City Madman, Mr. Sweaty  Teddy himself, Ted Nugent! In fact, Ice Cube and Ted had pizza together in  Beverly Hills before going sea kayaking in Santa Monica Bay. Then they went  birdwatching together, as Ted had flown from Detroit because he had learned  that a rare species of Albatross was busy constructing a nest on top of a  7-11 in Compton. And Cube, a former ornithology professor at UCLA, knew  just where to find it! This is a great CD! In fact, it is one of the  greatest in the annals of hip-hop! It is one of the best of its time! I  strongly recommend that you buy it!
6303402348|5.0|Forrest Gump is the best movie I have ever seen in my whole life. I am so happy that it got all those Oscars, because it really deserved it. Only an idiot would say that this is not a CLASSIC! Those who believes that The  Shawshank Redemption and Pulp Fiction is better than this magnificent  movie. To those I will say &quot;you should be in a mental  institution&quot;. This is a real CLASSIC!
0380730405|4.0|In reading a book, I know the author left an impact if I find myself missing the characters after turning the last page.  Even though we were never told her name, the narrator is a character that lies inside many  woman.  She is a person they fear to be, the fear of losing ones  personality in loving a man.  Du Maurier clearly did a beautiful job in  creating this character
6305750750|5.0|I was wondering why your advertisement has episode I in VHS and DVD? I didn't know it was on DVD? Anyway this movie rules!  If it is in DVD, I would like to Know. Thanks!  Jeff Collins.
0517118297|4.0|The book size is very convenient and the fact that is a hardcover with a very inexpensive price, makes it very valuable. But as a fan of Jane Austen, I was a little dissapointed to find that Sandition was not included  in this book. I think that besides P&amp;P, Sandition is one of her best  works, even though it was left unfinished, but as many others will agree  with me, an unfinished Jane Austen novel is far better than no Jane Austen  at all.
630575067X|3.0|I bought a copy today and just finished watching it.  It was not the wide-screen version, no way was I going to pay $30 for a VHS copy of anything.  I never thought I'd buy a VHS movie ever again since buying a  DVD player last year, but I had to make an exception this one time.  The  picture quality was definitely washed out on my copy. The sound was not  good by any means (i.e., compared to a DVD with a good Dolby 5.1 encoding),  and if you saw it in the theater, you know what kind of awesome sound it  had. As for the movie itself, basically it gets 3 stars from me. While it  wasn't terrible, it had some bad acting and Lucas introduced the most  idiotic and annoying character to probably ever grace the silver screen,  Jar-Jar Binks. Also, for those of you out there who expected  &quot;more,&quot; realize this is basically laying the foundation for the  whole Star Wars saga.  They aren't going to reveal and show everything in  this Episode 1, but rather introduce the viewer to characters and  situations that with the other two upcoming Episodes, will be expounded on  further.  Those of you waiting for this along with the other Star Wars  movies to be released on DVD, I hope you're not holding your breath.  I  have read that Lucas is NEVER going to release them on DVD, as he is  supposedly waiting for a better format to showcase them on.  I am not aware  of any such format even being talked about at this time to be the successor  to the already wildly popular and excellent current DVD format.  Now, who  knows, the guy might catch a clue and release it on DVD, but my attitude  regarding this is I'm expecting the worst, hoping for the best.  Has anyone  noticed that Spielberg hasn't released his Indiana Jones Trilogy and also  Jaws on DVD?   He supposedly wants to wait for the &quot;right time&quot;  or something stupid like that.  Why?   They just released a remastered  Digital VHS version of the Indy trilogy, if that's not heresy, I don't know  what is!   Well, to sum it up, in my opinion the Phantom Menace VHS  transfer is pretty poor, and the film itself is o.k., not great, not  terrible either.
B00000612P|5.0|Every Picture Tells A Story is among the very best of 1970s rock.  Rod's razor-like vocals tear up every song on the album and cut right through to your soul.  This was definitely one album I'd played the grooves off of  back when it first came out, I was relieved when it first came out on cd.   It sounds as good today as it did back then.  Highly recommended.
B00000J2KR|5.0|Visually stunning, deliberately paced story of a man who, despite his rise to riches and success,  finds himself rejected by the highest strata of society.  I suspect Kubrick was attracted to the story because of the  parallels to his own life.  Redmond Barry's story is much Kubrick's story.   After a initially brutal slap by the real world, the formally idealistic  young man becomes cynical and self serving, turning briefly to his own  tribe so far as he is 'helped' by them, but quickly rejecting them as soon  as becomes feasible to do so.  Taking a trophy wife from what he perceives  as the superior ruling class, he seeks acceptance in it, but soon realizes  the hopelessness of his ambition, and instead settles willingly to the  terms life offers.  He maintains his individual sense of honor in the face  of brutal bigotry and hollow hypocrisy, suspecting in himself a justified  self-worth, but always and forever doubting, seeing that his natural  tendencies are, in the end, inescapable.  The sets, costumes and cast are  excellent, but the real star is the film itself.  The film is long, but not  over long.  The viewer should give himself the time to absorb it; not only  does the film richly deserve it, but the viewer will be richly rewarded.
B000002KGT|5.0|Though Fleetwood Mac had been together for many years, it wasn't until this was released in 1977 that they tossed the music world on it's ear.  Rumours really made everyone sit up and take notice.  The album won several  awards and deservedly so.  Whether top 10 singles or just regular album  cuts, every song is a hit and instantly recognizable.  The band had so much  major talent, it's no wonder they enjoyed so much success.  Unfortunately  in later years ego problems(among others)got in the way &amp; there were a  few personnel changes &amp; later albums were not quite up to snuff.  If  you only need one Fleetwood Mac album, this is THE ONE.  Highly  recommended.
B000002534|5.0|As a Santana fan of over 30 years, it's great to see the man getting the recognition he deserves, after so long in the musical wilderness. Yes, Supernatural is a fine CD, I was a little sceptical at first, but now I  play it often, and it works. But it makes me go back to the Santana that I  grew up on, and without doubt I think the 2 best Santana albums are The  Swing of Delight and BORBOLETTA. Why oh why this record was not a success  is beyond me, why are people just interested in 3 minutes of music with a  verse and chorus repeated, why can't people open their eyes and ears to the  beautiful music that is out there, waiting to be heard?<br />I am no musician,  and I can't talk in technical terms about each individual track, all I know  is that Promise of a Fisherman still sends shivers up my spine when I  listen to the opening minute, the link with the previous two tracks is  seamless, and builds to a wonderful crescendo.<br />I am a huge fan of Airto  and Flora, and their contributions are a very positive feature here, as is  the crystal clear, almost spiritual voice of Leon Patillo. Practice what  you Preach would make a tremendous 21st century addition to hymn books  across the world, such a powerful message, both in words and music.<br />I  can't tell you how much pleasure this album has given me over the past 25  years, if you're reading this as a new Santana fan, wondering if you should  delve further than Supernatural, then go and buy this record, and open your  mind to the real Santana, rather than the pleasant but commercial stuff  that you already know about. This is music for the mind and the soul, music  that will inspire you. Go and buy it!
B0000024IE|5.0|Sure, The Flav had to call 911 while 911 is a Joke was all over MTV and they arrived promptly and with skill, but this should still be required listening for all black youth... just take it with a grain of salt. Musically it is genius, don't wait, buy now.
0930289234|5.0|Way back in 1991 I read an article on a brazillian newspaper about the desire of some people to shoot a picture based on Watchmen.The article even showed the possible choices of actors to the movie cast.For the role of  Doctor Manhattan they even thinked of Arnold Scharzenegger and David  Bowie.The choices to the others I don't remember,but I think I still have  this old,dusty clipping in a file somewhere.  Back then I thought:&quot;I  wonder if this movie can be made.If they shoot a picture with 2,3 hours  long that will be too condensed,too brief&quot;. The story is too  rich,there are so many subplots,so many themes and issues discussed:the  Vietnan War,the Manhattan Project,the making of the atomic bomb,the Cold  War,Einsten's ideas and even the conquests of Alexander the Great,to name a  few.When I read the graphic novel I was amazed with this brilliant portrait  of the twentieth century made by Alan Moore.(Ooo,Man,what a trip!)I wonder  if a motion picture could acommodate all the graphic references,symbolisms  and tips Dave Gibbons put in the story.Every image has a meaning,is a  reference,a reminiscence inside the book.Just like the best of the  cinema.This is truly literature on his highest level.It's also great  art,born from the perfect interaction of words and drawings.It's the finest  example of what Will Eisner has called Sequential Art. I think Moore and  Gibbons thinked: &quot;Let's create the best comic around,showing how wild  comics can be and how far they can go!&quot;  I think that Alan Moore is a  true artist,portraying and shapping reality like a magician,like the hindu  god Brahma.Mithologist Joseph Campbell would love to read Watchmen.  After  reading about Kabbalah for six years,I sort of made some associations and  parallels between the jewish tradition and the book.To  see things in  different perspectives and to interpret symbols are both kabbalistical  exercises.
0060977493|5.0|One of the most beautiful books I've ever read! I really couln't put it down.  In a few years I will read it again.
0792153367|5.0|I just want to say that this is the all time best movie.  Not only is it witty, but also portrays a person confused about their meaning in life...and the need for a partner.  Audrey is a great actress and the best  in this movie&quot;I'd marry you for your money in a minute...would you  marry me for my money fred?&quot;in a minute&quot;you must see this movie!  I am only 15 and it is my totally favorite movie.  To get the full meaning  you must watch it several times..and each time you will fall more in love  with this romantic comedy.
0684800713|5.0|Clearly THE book on the Lost Generation. I read it when I was fourteen, and it's something I have to read every couple of years or so, like &quot;Catch-22,&quot; &quot;On the Road&quot; and &quot;One Hundred Years  of Solitude.&quot; For me, the Hemingway works which come closest to this  are some of his short stories and &quot;A Moveable Feast.&quot;
0061020710|5.0|I think one of the worst things I did was pick up this book. Not because it's bad, it's one of the funniest, most entertaining books out there, but I had to them buy all the rest. There are like 25 discworld books out  there. But they are an incredible read and I highly reccommend this series  to everyone. You'll love 'em!
0783225792|4.0|It has a lot of action making you stay on the edge of your seat
6305750750|1.0|the movie was great and fit right in, BUT their decision to not bring out the dvd version until 2005 is VERY poor decision and because of it i will NOT buy the movie until it does come out on DVD FORMAT!
0792156684|5.0|This movie was soooo moveing and wonderful I can not put into words!  I'm sure you all know the story of jack and rose by now.  I've benn reading some of the reviews adn they really shock me! I can not understand why  anybody would hate this movie, if you are one of those people, you are  heartless and hateful. Many people were saying how unbelievable it was that  they fell in love with in a day or so, but that is NOT unbelivable, what  kind of a person are you if you can not wake up in the moring thinking that  there is a possibleity that today you could meet the one you love?  This  was a love story to end ALL love stories,for the many of you who think that  it is childish love, first class women had a 9/10 chance of surviving, and  Rose gave that up to be with the one she loved. And, the most touching part  of the whole movie was at the end right before he dies, when he says  &quot;Winning that ticket rose, was the best thing that ever happened to  me, it brought me to you and I'm thankful for that rose, i'm thankful&quot;   you would not feel that kind of love adn passion if it were just childish  &quot;puppy love.&quot;  Not only was this the best love story ever told,  the special effects were just amazing!  And the costumes!  Everything was  just as it would have been in 1912.   all those people who didn't like this  movie have never really been in love.  It doesn't matter how much you  &quot;love&quot; somebody, you can not have REAL true blue love with out  passion.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Metallica is the greatest band that ever existed. They never sold out, they just hit it big. And they deserve to be big because they RULE!  i will never get tired of them, i will never stop liking them, and i will  never stop being one of their biggest fans
6305750750|4.0|It's back and I for one am glad that it is. Many people were disappointed with it, but lets face it, any prequel would have been found lacking. All in all, it is a great family movie. Unless, you have read the novels, it  picks up on how Anakin Skywalker was picked to be a Jedi Knight, how Obi  Wan will be the one who will train him, Who will be the mother of Luke and  Leia Skywalker and How the Dark Lord of the Sith will become the evil  Emperor of the Republic. One unforgettable character is Jar Jar Binks and  the role he plays in helping Queen Ambadala regains her throne on her  planet Baboo .The highlight of the film is Pod races and the final climatic  battle in space and on the ground battle on BaBoo The special effects are  great and Liam Neeson as Qui Gon Jin is superb. Get the movie, it is worth  every penny.
0792151712|1.0|Let me sum this movie up for you,and then you decide if it was worth all the hype and 3 plus hours. Here goes,first there is Rose,a woman who has a lot of problems for instance, a rich, handsome man who wants to give her  jewels that would choke the average horse. Add to this she gets to rub  elbows with the worlds super rich(I know,I felt her pain too.) and poor  Rose is upset about her disasterous life, because she has big  dreams,(mobile home parks and minimum wage jobs apparently) which is why  she chooses Jack over the previously mentioned fellow,and that is her  story.  And then the boat sinks and a bunch of people die. And that is the  movie,worth over a billion dollars? My answer,a resounding NO! And this has  been called a &quot;masterpiece&quot;, that is sad.
B000002B49|5.0|This is Deep Forest's opus; EVERYONE should at least give it a listen, even if you don't like new age/world music.  Deep Forest is unique and cannot be compared to any other artists of the same genre.  I promise you  won't be disappointed with this CD!
B000001EGA|3.0|As much as I respect Elton John as the epitome of the pianist/singer/songwriter, I have to say that this CD finds him lacking. With the exception of &quot;Someone Saved My Life Tonight&quot; and the  sonic venture &quot;Better Off Dead&quot;, the CD just doesn't have the  melodies and inventive lyrics that you might have come to expect from  Elton. He's recorded stronger albums, both before and after this one. It's  a good CD for the fans, but for those starting to listen, start with  &quot;Yellow Brick Road&quot; or &quot;Don't Shoot Me&quot;.
0441003257|5.0|As a long-time cynic and a skeptic of organized religion, this book was a mind-blowing delight for me to read. When I was finished, I literally skipped around my house for a few minutes before sitting down and just  savoring the information I had so recently devoured. Perhaps my only  criticism of the tale is that the authors (Gaiman and Pratchett) have now  said everything I've ever wanted to say about God and the Universe in  general, and now I can't publish it in a witty, scathing book. The  characters are well-defined, the interaction between Crowley and Aziraphale  amusing. The story is fast-paced, managing to have a hundred things going  on at once without confusing the reader. I would hope for it to be turned  into a film, only that that medium could never do every word justice. A  must read!
B00003003R|5.0|This album contains all of GNR's greatest hits on 2 CDs. Most of them are better then the original ones, with the exception of November Rain. It really shows the bands ability to play live, and I advise any GNR fan to  buy it.
0930289234|5.0|Alan Moore's Watchmen is an original, brutally realistic, mature, and entertaining comic book.  Although it deals with superheroes, the story takes an indepth look at the emotional and psychological reasons for their  dressing up as costumed crime-fighters.<br />In Watchmen, Nixon is still  president and America has won the Vietnam war with the help of an atomic  american superhero.<br />The underlying story is profoundly shocking and  provocative, and the reader will not find out what it is until the very  end.<br />A great read.
068484267X|5.0|Frank McCourt takes you through his childhood looking through his young eyes and you'll never forget the adventure.  The story is filled with many human emotions: sadness, happiness, anger, to name a few.  Frank McCourt's  childhood stories and pranks have you laughing one minute and crying the  next.  This book was very humbling and it helped me realize and appreciate  all that I took advantage of growing up in a Middle Class family in  America.
B00000JGOH|2.0|If ever there was an over-hyped show that does not live up to expectations it is &quot;Shakespeare in Love&quot;.  In my opinion it was a bore.
B00000J7S8|4.0|This hauntingly beautiful CD is phenominal.  Diana has an amazing voice!  This is great mood music.
6304196784|5.0|You.When you rent,buy or just see this movie. It is the one time in my memory when the Academy Awards got one right.Kevin Kline is priceless in this. John Cleese said it was magicalto come in everyday and watch  him(Kline)create this person Otto. My brother and I were exausted from  moving allday the day this came out on video but we wanted to see it.We  started watching it around 11:30 PMAs much as we wanted to sleep, This  movie kept us laughing so much there was no way we was going to go to  sleep.Once again every person fit their role perfect. Right down to stuffy  ol George. Ohhhhh you English think your soooo superior dont you....There  are just to many one liners in this movie to ever forget.Four Jewel thiefs  and one barister makes for one classic comedy never to be done again.ie  Fierce Creatures.So if you have not seen it.For Gods Sake Do it man! And if  you have, See it again just as a refresher course in how to laugh.
6305718903|5.0|I found this to be a fantastic, highly intelligent movie. Patricia Arquette and Gabriel Byrne were totally believable. This makes you wonder about the religion that has been shoved down our throats for all these  years. I highly recommend this movie for anyone, whether religious, or  questioning where you stand on your belief. This puts the power of God  where it belongs. . . not necessarily in the multi-million dollar shrines  people call churches. I will watch this one again!
0964936003|5.0|Almost all space buffs have seen the movie Apollo 13, but this film goes one step further by actually showing the real footage.  This has tons of actual NASA footage of the actual events as they happened, from the Apollo  13 astronauts to mission control.  This contains deep file NASA film clips  that I haven't seen anywhere else.  If you are a space buff you can't miss  this film.
0767821629|2.0|This movie had a good idea behind it but it was poorly executed. That acting and directing was some of the worst I have seen. To my dismay that downfalls made it almost unwatchable.
B000002G87|3.0|I still like this particular album, but, unfortunatly, the 20th anniversary edition copy that I had got dammaged.  The quality was much better and it was the original master recording.  So, I recomend that if  you have the extra $$, but the original master recording and you'll enjoy  it much better
B000007SIN|5.0|This format has ten times the musical involvement than stereo. My little 5.1 setup costs way under $2M. Yet the 5.1 Dan blows away my stereo costing 5 times that. The ability to have one speaker for vocals only alone makes  this format incomparable. I too would have liked the lead guitar left for  the front speakers; big deal! The clarity possible by limiting the function  of each speaker to only a few instruments is unimaginable. You should see  the look on guests faces when they hear the female voices on &quot;Babylon  Sisters&quot; come out of the rear speakers. One note; to fully enjoy this  format, you need full-sized rear speakers; small &quot;surround sound&quot;  speakers will not work. The rear has full fidelity, as opposed to some  discs where it is just echo/ambience. Also (one more note) setting up the  receiver and player correctly can make a world of difference.
6303471714|5.0|I've been using this tape and Cindy's other one (The Next Challenge) since they first came out. This is a terrific workout and a great way to get into shape. There's no complicated aerobic steps or anything confusing to learn.  Occasionally, I try other tapes, but hers are still my favorite. I think  it's because her tapes are just straight forward excerice programs. You'll  be sore at first! Especially if you haven't excercised in awhile, but if  you stick with it and take it at your own pace, you'll definitely feel  stronger. I'd stopped excercising this past year and started again a few  months ago. My legs and arms are already noticably more toned and I feel  better. It's nice to switch back and forth bewteen the two tapes for  variety. The second tape is much harder than the first one. So if you're  just starting to excercise, I'd stick with the first tape for now and then  get the second one after you've built up some strength. I was happy to see  that she's coming out with a third tape too!
B0000028RR|5.0|The Best RATM cd to date.  While all of the RATM cd's are excellent, this one sets the tone for the rest.  They allow you to take a step back and look at how our government is actually being run, among other things.  This  is a must have cd for any collection.
B00000I8NC|5.0|the best atmosphere to see godspeed you black emperor is in montreal at their loft, where they are from.  they produce their own movies that show while they perform, creating a wonderfully surreal and enveloping  multimedia experience.  this music is meant to be listened to at home with  headphones in the dark, by yourself.  i love it
6303617719|5.0|I liked it so much that I watched it twice in a row.  Meg Ryan is wonderful.  Yes, the ending is a bit expected, but the journey getting there makes it worth watching. Kevin Kline's french accent wasn't the  greatest, but it's a whole lot better than mine. :)
B00004LN16|3.0|In these days where everything is starting to fall into the hip-hop and (fill in the blank) category bands like AC/DC are becoming a more and more precious commodity. Who is left to just play rock n' roll? Stiff Upper Lip  is a rock n' roll album, nothing more, nothing less and thank God for it.  The album opens well with the title track, plods along a bit for the next  couple of tracks and then ignites with track 6 (Can't Stand Still) not  letting up before the final explosion of &quot;Give  It Up&quot; six tracks  later. &quot;Damned&quot; and &quot;All Screwed Up&quot; storm along with  vital middle finger raised attitude. It's what you love and have come to  expect from AC/DC done better than it's done in a while. The only surprise  here is that after their long career there are still sing-along cliches  they haven't used yet. I can't believe it took them to write a song called  &quot;Give It Up&quot;! If you like loud, stupid two guitar anthems about  cars, jail, sex, fighting and booze buy the album. If you don't, buy the  latest Jewel CD.
1878424319|5.0|Naomi Salvarezza, English 100 4/11/00 The Four Agreements by Don Miguel Ruiz is a very special book. Don Miguel puts forth many teachings which are very enlightening. These agreements in the book are a guide to personal  freedom and happiness. Don Miguel writes &quot;Nothing others do is because  of you. What others say and do is a projection of their own reality, their  own dream. When you are immune to the opinions and actions of others, you  won't be the victum of needless suffering.&quot; Don Miguel smoothly blends  his native teachings with the hectic pace of the modern world. Teaching us  how to live without all the useless stress and worries and how we can be  clean in clear in our energy, living a positive life. Another beautiful  quote from Don Miguel is &quot;Find the courage to ask questions and  express what you really want. Communicate with others clearly as you can to  avoid misunderstandings, sadness, drama. With just one agreement, you can  completly change your life.&quot; I highly reccomend this book to anyone.  It has helped me to become stronger in my spirituality and path. I know you  all will find this book to be equally powerful and lovely. My thanks to the  author for putting out such a good and beautiful message.
B000002J0P|5.0|Everyday I go on an hour long walk just so I can gaze at the beautiful Texas sky and listen to this cd. This music puts me in so many moods...sad,insightful,energetic,and it makes me feel beautiful. The  harmonies are so flowing that they give me goosebumps. You know its a good  song when chills go through your spine. So take a walk and listen to this  cd...it's their best work!Peace and love forever!
B00002EPJH|3.0|I would agree with the more lukewarm reviews.  Of course this is a beautiful album...but there is nothing really deep here...I was looking for some new interpretations of the standards...didn't get it...also some of  the phrasings are so minimal that you can barely pick them up...I think  Jarrett has so rich an interior musical sense that he may forget that we  cannot participate in that part..but of course I have to have  Jarretts  albums and no doubt he has enriched my life...but my all time favorite solo  piano  album is still  Chick Correa Expressions. I am waiting for Jarret to  do something along these lines...
6303421563|5.0|Words cannot really describe a movie of this greatness. As always the real star of a Luc Besson film is Besson himself. There is nothing new that I could possibly say about this film but I strongly recommend that you check  out all of Luc Besson films because as you will find out his magic is all  there. tim_aaron_douglas@yahoo.com
B000001ESF|5.0|MAKE NO MISTAKE ABOUT IT,THIS IS BY FAR THE BEST RUSH CD EVER.GREAT GUITAR WORK BY ALEX AND GEDDY`S VOCALS ARE OUTSTANDING.THIS IS VERY EARLY RUSH BUT YOU CAN STILL TELL HOW HEADY THE LYRICS BY NEIL PEART ARE.THE 2112 OVERTURE  IS A MASTER WORK OF ART.I SAID THIS IS EARLY RUSH SO THAT MEANS THAT THIS  IS MORE HARD ROCK ORIENTED THAN MORE RECENT CD`S,WHICH TEND TO BE ON THE  PROGRESSIVE SIDE.THIS IS A GREAT CD TO START WITH IF YOU ARE JUST GETTING  INTO RUSH.ALSO GREAT CONCERT BAND,SEEN THEM 2 TIMES.
B00003Q438|3.0|The amount of work that went into this film merits a 5 star.  There are lot's of features to look at and that helps.  I did watch the part that has all the actors responding to the movie.  It did make me appreciate their  efforts.  It was a good movie, but as the guy with the rat in the movie  said, &quot; We went from underwater drama to E.T. &quot; The ending was  pretty crummy.  Most movies either live or die because of their endings.   This ending crushed all their efforts.  It is worth renting, but not a  great movie.
B000002L5I|4.0|THIS WAS THE DEBUT OF NEW SINGER NOAH HUNT WITH THE BAND.THIS IS A VERY GOOD CD.GREAT GUITAR WORK BY KENNY AND NOW THEY HAVE A GOOD SINGER TO.GREAT SONG BLUE ON BLACK GOT ALL THE RAdIO PLAY BUT THE WHOLE CD IS GOOD.LOVE THE  INSTRUMENTAL TROUBLE IS.GOOD PLACE TO START FOR NEW KENNY WAYNE FANS.
B00003OSSL|2.0|It wasn't the worst, but it was close.  The story line is creative, but drags constantly.  If you are bored and want a movie that will SLIGHTLY entertain you.....this is it.  It seems as if Hollywood doesn't have many  good films to produce this year.  Harrison Ford is a great actor, but this  film doesn't help his career at all!
B00000J7J4|1.0|DUDE, THIS CD WAS LIKE A REAL DOWNER YOU KNOW. I WAS EXPECTIN MORE EVIL WAYS AND BLACK MAGIG WOMEN. THIS IS NOT THE SAME GROUP ANYMORE. DUDE, THIS IS TRASH
0964385619|2.0|THIS BOOK IS GREAT AND I WOULD ADVICE EVEN PEOPLE WHO ARE NOT INTERESTED IN BEING RICH TO READ IT.FULL OF INFORMATION TO LIVE YOUR LIFE BY.
6305696071|1.0|I love 'Pretty Woman'. I love the 'regular' DVD. The '10th Anniversary Special' is not that special.<br />The movie Pretty Woman was previously released on DVD with the only extra being the Director's Commentary. To  release this as a '10th Anniversary Special' and provide poor extras earned  it one star. If this was the only release of 'Pretty Woman' on DVD I would  rate it three stars. (The DVD can offer so much from a film. It takes alot  of extra effort to earn each star.)<br />&quot;15 minutes of extra  footage&quot; refers to the original theatrical release and not the  previously released DVD. Both DVDs are 'Director's cuts'<br />&quot;Behind the  Scenes&quot; footage last less than three minutes. The exact length of the  'Pretty Woman' song played in the background. For about thirty seconds they  show a crane moving. For another twenty seconds you see Richard Gere's back  as they move the crane. Richard and Julia interacting &quot;off  camera&quot;, with no audio of them talking to each other. Gary Marshall  looking through a camera lens. And footage, exactly like the scenes at the  Polo match, taken at a distance. The footage looked like a tourist was  shooting digital quality home video. This is not what I would consider true  'Behind the Scenes' footage.<br />&quot;Theatrical Trailer&quot; - Pan and  Scan. Not digital quality. Looks and sounds like it was transfered from a  video cassette.<br />&quot;Production Featurette&quot; - Less than four  minutes. Almost like a movie trailer with some comments by Gary Marshall  through out. These are just like the Director's Commentary he provides on  this and the the 'regular' DVD. Julia and Richard each say three sentences  for ten and seven seconds;  respectively. These are by no means  &quot;interviews&quot;!<br />&quot;Wild Women Do&quot; music video- Fantastic!   <br />If this is your first 'Pretty Woman' purchase? BUY IT! - If your buying  it for the extras only? DON'T!
B00000J7J4|5.0|Santana came back! He has been around for a long time, but now he is mega popular. His CD is great!
630575067X|4.0|I, like probably everyone else who loves Star Wars, was instantly swept up into the hype of The Phantom Menace. After the 12:01 a.m. showing I thought it was the best Star Wars flick to date, now I think it's pretty good. The  Empire Strikes Back is still my number one. The plot has been discussed  enough, everyone has seen the movie, the DVD war wages on, so I thought I'd  add my technical specs and observations. There was no way I wanted to spend  thirty dollars on the widescreen (I don't even like the black bars, I don't  care how much &quot;extra&quot; stuff you can see on the sides) so I have  the pan and scan. I really don't see what the fuss is all about. It's not  that bad in my opinion.<br />I've got a nineteen inch television that's about  nine years old and a VCR just over one year old. I don't see the washed or  faded colors. The picture is nice, sharp, and vibrant on my TV. I've got my  VCR hooked up to my 300 watt Aiwa surround system and the music, sound, and  effects are just awesome. Now only if I had a bigger TV....<br />As far as  Return of the Jedi getting worst picture status next to TPM, there's just  no way. Even with the Ewoks, I've never seen a cooler scene in a movie  (that gives me chills everytime) than the lightsaber duel between Darth  Vader and Luke nearing the end. Price of admission right there  folks.<br />Overall I still like The Phantom Menace a lot. None of the Star  Wars movies can be considered thinking or deep movies. They're fun and  entertainment and based on those two criteria they all do  wonderfully.<br />Enjoy, and may the force be with you.
B000000OSG|4.0|GN'R takes a more lavish and full approach to their attack here. There seems to be more of an Axl presence than on appetite. It's a very big change, but it works. Al just depends if you like your GN'R to sound more like the Stooges or more like Led Zeppelin. I prefer the Stooges.
0374172897|5.0|I finished this book a few days ago and the words are still with me as I write this. This book moved me in so many ways. I had to stop several tinmes and catch my breath to let the words sink in. Of course Cunningham  is no Virginia Woolf, he wasn't trying to be. This is simply a homage to a  wonderful novel (Mrs. Dalloway) and how it affected three womens'lives. As  the three women reflect on the course of their lives, the missteps, the  things that might have happened had they taken a different path...it filled  me with sadness and with hope as well. While others have commented on the  pacing of this novel and the loads of details, each woman's story takes  place in the span of a single day. They are contemplating suicide, so  details like these fill those hours. If a book ever deserved a Pulitzer  Prize, it's this one.
6302227127|5.0|The Bishop's Wife easily is the BEST CHRISTMAS MOVIE.  Compared to the sappy It's a Wonderful Life, this movie zings with dialogue and romance.  Best of all, it has Cary Grant.<br />Cary Grant has got to be my favorite  actor of all time. No actor today has such flair or timing compared to  Cary.<br />Highly recommend any of Cary's movies but The Bishop's Wife is my  favorite.
6305807086|5.0|When someone asks me what my favorite movie is I tell them that I simply can not narrow it down to just one.  However, certain movies always pop into my head.  They are the ones that went beyond just entertainment and  really had an impact on me in on e way or another.  Lawrence of Arabia,  Contact, Seven Samurai, Chinatown, American Beauty, Saving Private Ryan and  Being John Malkovich.<br />  This movie offers so much.  It is immensely  entertaining, funny, poignant and dark.  It makes you think without being  preachy and it is so fresh and original.  If you really want a different  type of movie that captivates you from beginning to end then you must see  this movie.
0002171856|5.0|this book is exellent, it covers a wide range of topics including fire making campcraft and trapping. it explains each subject in great detail without becoming to complicated. it also has the best flora and fauna guide  i have yet seen in a survival book. the book also covers survival at sea,  desert survival and has a comprehensive kit guide. in short i recommend any  body considering buying a book of this type to buy this one you won`t be  dissapointed
6304681496|4.0|Con Air is a good action film and several things keep it alive. One is acting. John Malkovich is good as Cyrus &quot;the Virus&quot; Grissom, who claims he's killed more people than cancer. John Cusack is in good form as  U.S. Marshal Vince Larkin, who owns the plane the criminals take over,  named &quot;the Jailbird&quot;. Nicolas Cage delivers one of his best  performances as Cameron Poe, a decorated military hero who is catching a  ride home after being in prison for 8 years for defending his wife in a bar  fight. Other good performances were by Steve Buscemi as serial killer  Garland Greene and Ving Rhames (Mission:Impossible) as Nathan &quot;Diamond  Dog&quot; Jones. The musical score was very good. There are a few plotholes  but hey, there aren't too many movies that don't have a few plotholes here  and there. Another good thing is action. Most of the action on board the  plane is hand-to-hand combat. Probably the best action scene in the movie  is where the criminals stop to get a new plane. U.S. troops attack them in  a long and great gunfight. The other action sequence is when Cusack and  Cage chase Cyrus on motorcycles through a tunnel in Las Vegas. It is very  humorous when the plane is crashing and Garland Greene is singing  &quot;He's got the whole world in His hands&quot;. At the Academy Awards  Con Air was nominated for two things:Best Sound and Best Original Song. It  did not win either. Though Con Air may be a level below Crimson Tide, The  Rock, and Air Force One, it's still a great action film
0312853238|5.0|I first read this book when I was 13.  I read it all that day.  This book brings so many emoations to the surface.  You can, no matter who you are relate to Ender.  Card really knows how to do that. All his books are that way.  I really felt like I was there in the story.  I don't think there are  word to describe how this book touches you heart, when and if it does.  It  is one of the greats work of Sci-fi you will ever read.  Because it adds  real life into it, and not a bla never really care about the people in the  book feeling.
B000002UA0|5.0|This is by far, the best album Pink Floyd ever recorded, and with reason.  The unparalleled musical genious of Syd Barrett.  The wild, psychedelic year that was 1967, saw many greats release an album.  Jefferson Airplane,  The Beatles, The Kinks, The Stones, and Hendrix, just to name a few.  In my  opinion The Piper at the Gates of Dawn rivals them all. Bar none.  If you  call yourself a Floyd fan and don't have this.... SHAME ON YOU!
6304539258|4.0|I've been watching Star Wars since before I can remember, and I've yet to grow tired of it.  The Special Edition makes it all the better.  It's a classic sci-fi fairy tale which is so memorable it is easy to ignore the  few flaws it has.  If you haven't seen this, what's wrong with you?  This  is a must see and a must own.
6305807930|5.0|The soundtrack - it's Nabucco by Verdi alternating with Keith Emerson, who at one point does a twangy modern rock version of the famous Slave's Chorus, Va Pensiero! This is a film of magical, atmospheric and occasionally very gory set-pieces  rather than any logical narrative, so anyone looking for a pacy plot where  everything is explained at the end will be severely disappointed. The story  deals with the second of the Three Mothers first mentioned in Suspiria and  flits between New York, where a young woman discovers that the Art Deco  apartment block where she lives harbours a deep, dark secret, and Rome,  where her brother is a music student who is blissfully unaware that he and  his friends are about to enter a world of pain. Watching it is like being  immersed in a deliciously scary nightmare where you never quite understand  what's going on.
0553211978|3.0|Though it started off with charm and piqued my interest, I raced to finish this book.  However, on the whole, I found _Northanger Abbey_ to be a dull story, since it's an obvious imitation of more interesting gothic novels,  such as Ann Radcliffe's _The Mysteries of Udolpho_ and _The Italian_, which  I also just read.<br />From an intellectual standpoint, I'd read this book  again, and recommend it on that basis(probably because I read it for a  course).  But if you want a good and consistent gothic tale with an ending  as strong as the introduction, turn to Radcliffe for starters.  Austen's  book will give you other references worthy of checking out.<br />Three-and-a-half stars.
6305750750|5.0|I would like to start off by saing that this is in no way the best star wars movie...Plain and simple.  But it isn't that bad, and now that it's on video it's even better...You can skip over the boring or embarassing parts  (Yippie [twice?  what was lucas thinking] and Gooo annie) and stick with  the good parts, like the awsome fight at the end.  Or any other fight in  the movie.  JarJar can be anoying, but if you don't like him that much  fastforward!  And one more thing, There will not be a DVD for a long long  time, Live with it.  I get so sick of people complaining about no dvd, what  did you throw your VCR away? Too bad.  You'll get your DVD in 5 years.
0783240503|2.0|I was excited about this movie coming out... I had read all the updates on the reallyuseful web site which is the official page and when it came on tv I was really happy... notice the word WAS really happy. The movie started  out ok, interesting school asembly concept, then it went WHOOP down hill!  The narrator didn't do justice to her role and the children cheering were  unbeleiveably annoying. It seemed more like a music video than anything  else. I was also dissappointed by the brothers who were a bit too gay to my  liking. I was expecting somewhat straighter brothers, no offense to anyone  who is gay but it was not what I had in mind. The movie did have some good  parts though like Donny's &quot;Close Every Door To Me&quot; but then a  very unentertaining Pharoah brought it down again w/ his terrible  impression backed up with not what I would call the 'best' choreography. I  love this show but I just cant find anything... &quot;amazing&quot; about  this video.
6305205620|5.0|Hell yeah that is what DVD concert should look like,amazing show amazing quality amazing behind the scene stuff overall AMAZING!
0312853238|5.0|I am not an avid reader.  So when I received Ender's Game, it was quickly plopped onto a shelf to wait for a rainy day.  Well the rain came. And the rain left, yet I still could not put down the book.  Within only a few days  (a speedy rate for me), the book was read.  The character's lack of  emotions, and what few he has left being so strong shows how writing really  is as artistic as painting and composing.  A fantastic work by  Card.<br />Ender, at age six, is taken away from family and friends to join  the army of the future, to go to a space station where he will train for  years before he is sent off to defend his world.  He arrives a shy and  lonely boy, with suspicions that nothing is like it should be.  Training  (disguised as games) is difficult, and he is disliked by too many.  Ender  advances ranks years before he is due.  Which encourages the other soldiers  to hate him more.  Back at home, the population (including Ender's family)  create their own ideas of the truth to the battle.  It is predicted that as  soon as the inter-galactic war ends, the &quot;old-fashioned&quot; land  wars between countries will take place again.<br />However, Earth takes a  back-seat in the story of Ender.  The book focuses on the feelings within  Ender as he advances to the next rank, and the practices within the games  (of which Ender participates in every day).  The book is as emotional as  they come but still keeps its action-oriented plot.  There is not a single  page of dull.  The age of characters can sometimes be misleading and  confusing, but it is mentioned little and is easily ignored.<br />Ender's Game  is a masterpiece, a guarenteed favorite to all who read it.  My  recommendation can be no higher.
0767805712|5.0|at first i thought it will be all talking well it is but the plot is so amazing that u dont even notice,i realy liked this movie.
B00000JTB2|5.0|I must say...being a fan of both Albert King and SRV has nothing to do with feeling that this is the best blues record I've ever heard!  I've got Muddy, Buddy, Clapton, Elmore James etc...but this is a treasure.  IT IS by  far the best BLUES album I've Heard !  Also , the moments when Albert and  Stevie communicate between songs is really a great insight into  mentor/protege relationship. SRV makes his guitar sing homage and tribute  while Albert plays like a proud father seeing his firstborn son walk and  talk for the fst time and fast forward to college graduation!  What an  album ! <br />George Chan
0792151712|5.0|I think that this movie is the best Titanic movie ever releised because I have it and watch it almost every day!
1556154844|4.0|This book goes over development practices that all programmers should know.  The only problem I have with this book is how verbose it is.  There is alot of repitition of ideas.  This book should really be half the size  of what it is.
6305750750|4.0|Some people have complained that Lucas wrote a weak script, but in some ways this is Lucas' most complex Star Wars story to date.  Lucas has put in many themes into his story which at first glance may be passed over by the  casual viewer. One of the biggest among these is the theme of symbiosis.  The term is used several times in the movie and is clearly explained by  Qui-Gon: organisms working together for mutual advantage. This theme comes  up a lot in the &quot;Dune&quot; books which have certainly influenced  Lucas' &quot;Star Wars&quot; universe. The pattern is repeated on several  levels. First there is the duality of Obi-Wan Kenobi and Qui-Gon Jin: the  Jedi Master and the apprentice. At first glance it may seem that Qui-Gon is  the teacher, but actually he also learns from Obi-Wan: &quot;You're a much  wiser man than I.&quot; he says. But earlier he says, &quot;You still have  much to learn, my young apprentice.&quot; Next there is the duality of the  Naboo people--the Gungans and Amidala's people. One civilization lives on  the ground, the other underwater. But they are symbiotics. They need each  other to fight the Trade Federation. Lucas keeps repeating the theme with  the character of Padme, the double of Amidala. Amidala needs to use a  double to evade the Trade Federation as well as to learn about Qui-Gon and  the Jedi under disguise. She could not do this as Queen. Of course, the  most obvious pairing is Darth Maul and Darth Sidious (the future Emperor).  They are the dark foils of Obi-Wan and Qui-Gon. These pairings are used to  illustrate that everyone needs everyone else in order to carry out their  motives: Qui-Gon needs Anakin to win the podrace to get the money to fix  his ship; Amidala needs the help of the Gungans to win the war; Palpatine  needs Amidala to make a speech at the Galactic Senate in order to become  Supreme Chancellor; the Trade Federation needs the Sith to carry out their  plans; even Boss Nass needs Jar Jar to be a general in the final battle.  Lucas has created a complex fantasy world in which symbiotic relationships  are constantly in flux--much like the real world.
B0000025JT|5.0|When Rolling Stone rated this 5-stars, I had to take a listen.  The rating's no exaggeration.  There are so many lovely tracks, wonderfully orchestrated and accompanied by Barbra, who will never have her vocals so well showcased.  Every track, including the big hits like  &quot;Guilty&quot; and &quot;What Kind of Fool&quot; not only sound great,  but have genuine emotional content.  And there's a bonus:  Superb  engineering.  Just wait for the SACD version.  I own the half-speed  mastered CBS LP and the recording quality ranks with the best I've ever  heard.  A triumph of easy-listening non-mush adult contemporary music.
6305750750|4.0|Some people have complained that Lucas wrote a weak script, but in some ways this is Lucas' most complex Star Wars story to date.  Lucas has put in many themes into his story which at first glance may be passed over by the  casual viewer. One of the biggest among these is the theme of symbiosis.  The term is used several times in the movie and is clearly explained by  Qui-Gon: organisms working together for mutual advantage. This theme comes  up a lot in the &quot;Dune&quot; books which have certainly influenced  Lucas' &quot;Star Wars&quot; universe. The pattern is repeated on several  levels. First there is the duality of Obi-Wan Kenobi and Qui-Gon Jin: the  Jedi Master and the apprentice. At first glance it may seem that Qui-Gon is  the teacher, but actually he also learns from Obi-Wan: &quot;You're a much  wiser man than I.&quot; he says. But earlier he says, &quot;You still have  much to learn, my young apprentice.&quot; Next there is the duality of the  Naboo people--the Gungans and Amidala's people. One civilization lives on  the ground, the other underwater. But they are symbiotics. They need each  other to fight the Trade Federation. Lucas keeps repeating the theme with  the character of Padme, the double of Amidala. Amidala needs to use a  double to evade the Trade Federation as well as to learn about Qui-Gon and  the Jedi under disguise. She could not do this as Queen. Of course, the  most obvious pairing is Darth Maul and Darth Sidious (the future Emperor).  They are the dark foils of Obi-Wan and Qui-Gon. These pairings are used to  illustrate that everyone needs everyone else in order to carry out their  motives: Qui-Gon needs Anakin to win the podrace to get the money to fix  his ship; Amidala needs the help of the Gungans to win the war; Palpatine  needs Amidala to make a speech at the Galactic Senate in order to become  Supreme Chancellor; the Trade Federation needs the Sith to carry out their  plans; even Boss Nass needs Jar Jar to be a general in the final battle.  Lucas has created a complex fantasy world in which symbiotic relationships  are constantly in flux--much like the real world.
1559409010|5.0|To put it simple, this is one of THE funniest comedies ever made, and following the old Python tradition, it makes fun of everyone and anything. Also, if you didn't know it, this is the Python movie that also contains  Eric Idle's now classic song, &quot;Always Look on the Bright Side of  Life&quot;.<br />I recommend you get the Criterion collection if you're going  to purchase this DVD. I got it today, and it has tons of extra features,  plus it is a high-quality-transfer widescreen (I don't think the standard  DVD is widescreen, but I won't bet money on it).<br />I haven't had time to  hear the TWO, yes two, additional sets of audio tracks, with commentary  from all of the five Pythons (sadly excluding Graham Chapman, for obvious  reasons), but I can only imagine that they alone are worth the extra bucks  you spend on getting the Criterion edition.<br />Go get yourself this DVD  right away -- you won't regret it!
B000003S0F|3.0|Everyone says this album has one great song, but no one agrees which song it is. Crimson fans will probably like at least 3/4 of them -- if they like the Mellotron. Here's my review, song by song.<br />Formentera Lady: Terrible  lyrics, terrible  singing, good playing of a terrible melody.  Echh.<br />Sailor's Tale: A wonderful instrumental.<br />The Letters: Terrible  lyrics, terrible playing of a terrible melody. It hurts to listen to  it.<br />Ladies of the Road: Sinfeld's wet dream. Junk.<br />Song of the Gulls:  Slow and perfect.<br />Islands: Dorky lyrics, perfect musicianship.<br />Summary:  What a wierd arrangement of musicians for an album aimed at the rock and  roll crowd (string bass, oboe, coronet); BUT IT WORKS! Oh, and Fripp was  correct in firing Sinfeld.
B000022TSY|5.0|I would have to agree with the last guy on this one. This movie is all about the uptight squares who don't accept people who look, act or think differently than the majority.  Granted, the film is a little outdated.   But one needs to see it as more of a time capsule of a lost era than  &quot;some sixties movie.&quot; As for the DVD, the Steppenwolf soundtrack  never sounded better. And I enjoyed the audio commentary also, but that  could be because I like Dennis Hopper. If you're a big fan of the movie,  you should get the DVD.
6305784116|4.0|This movie is fun, charming and entertaining with its retro style. I think that Disney movies of this age have a certain timeless charm. The Jazzy songs are great and I enjoyed watching a film that was made before the  terms &quot;Stereotype&quot;, &quot;Politically Correct&quot; and  &quot;Reversed Role Models&quot; became popular press. My 2-year loves it  and my Wife and I were laughing all the way through. The DVD picture  quality was great for a 30-year-old film and the stereo sound was spot on.
0812589041|5.0|THis book is awsome. One of the best books i have everread. Card is a great writer, he draws you into the story and you seemto be involved. Ive read this many times. i'm impressed by his writingskill.he's almost as good as Stephen King END
0140186395|5.0|The initial response to East of Eden reminds me of the reviews of Tchaikovski's violin concerto which was excoriated at its debut as &quot;an assault on the violin.&quot;  It's clear that those who initially evaluated  the novel clearly failed to appreciate the scope of Steinbeck's ambition  and the extent to which he succeeded.  I've read this novel 5 times now,  each time more slowly.  I always come away astonished at the depth of his  understanding of the human condition, particularly his understanding that  the feeling of being unloved has caused most of the misery in history.
0515127485|4.0|This tale of post-Soviet era derring-do has the protagonist, Fluke Kelso, in Moscow, during which time he comes into possession of a handwritten notebook previously possessed by Stalin. After much preliminary dashing about in the capital, the contents of this notebook send our hero careening  north to the rusted-out city of Archangel on the Barents Sea, where he  confronts this potboiler's version of Evil.<br />There are several aspects of  this book that I found unusual. First, Kelso is not some smarmy Yank  defending Mom, Old Glory, Apple Pie and the American Way against the forces  of Chaos. Rather, he's a tweedy Brit manning the walls in support of Queen,  Union Jack, Spotted Dick and what's left of the Empire. (Unfortunately  named, Spotted Dick is, like apple pie, a dessert. Steamed pudding with  currants, topped with a custard sauce. If you don't believe me, there are  recipes for it on the Web.) Second, Kelso is not of the usual hero Right  Stuff - a swashbuckling spy, or a world-weary cop, or a brilliant  physician, or a hard-charging lawyer. Rather, he's a perfectly ordinary -  almost too ordinary - bloke who happens to be an historian, whose chief  talent is a knowledge of Soviet and Russian history. (We'll soon be seeing  CPAs or convenience store clerks in Defender of the Free World roles, for  Chrissake!) Third, Kelso fails to bed the woman passing as the story's  female lead. As I recall, he doesn't even manage a kiss. Maybe it's because  she's a part-time hooker. (A little too lower class, old boy. Perhaps even  Bond would hesitate, what? And the Queen would not be amused.)<br />In any  case, the action is well paced with reasonably satisfying plot twist and  ending, and the dialogue is not inordinately inane. It also raises the very  valid question as to modern Russia's propensity for a return to Stalinism.  As Kelso observes, the Russians have no tradition of democracy, and are  quickly weary of the social debate and wrangling associated with such.  Under these circumstances, what they are likely to want is a Strongman with  a Hard Line, and any hard line will do. Quite right, I think.h.  Under these circumstances, what they are likely to want is a Strongman with  a Hard Line, and any hard line will do. Quite right, I think.
0374172897|4.0|After reading this book i was compelled to read more about Virginia Wolf and more about traditional and contemproary femenism.  I was impressed that this book was written by a man.  My only contention with the book is that  every women in the book had a lesbian preference, as if to say that most  women when they really look inside themselves will have a  lesbian feeling.  untrue.  But overall i found the book readable and most enjoyable.
B00000JCOV|5.0|This is probably the greatest heavy metal band ever. you people are insane to think that they are untalented. no other band is this hard core. if you listen to (sic), especially , you will see what im talking about.
B000005Z0E|3.0|I am a very big 2pac fan.But this wasn't one of his best cd's.Soulja's Story is probably the best song on it.Don't get me wrong,this is a great cd, hardcore,phat,meaningful.If you don't feel Tupac Shakur,this cd aint  for you!
0881032646|5.0|I cannot express in words how powerful and dramatic this story truly is.  I have read many of Arthur C. Clark's novels, and I consider this to be his best.  The book makes a statement about humanity and prejudice, entwined  perfectly with a science fiction mystique.  As is with many of his works,  the beginning of the story begins somewhat mundane, then builds towards a  dramatic climax on which the fate of the world rests.  If you read no other  book by Mr. Clarke, read this one!
B000003S5H|4.0|One of the best cd's in my own collection of music.  I am a DJ for a college radio station and I must play songs from this album every time im on the air.  Ever sit down and feel like you needed to relax from a hard  days work?  I sure do.  I turn on track # 1-5 and by the time I get to 6 im  asleep.  The Cd has another great quality and that is if you so choose its  great driving music.  Cruisin @ 75 miles an houyr on a highway in the  middle of the night, put in Air and you will not regret it.  &quot;Sexy  Boy&quot; is my favorite track on this CD yet they are all good.  I highly  recommend this CD from one Music lover to the other.
B000002H5I|5.0|In the perfect world, a genuine artist like Tracy Chapman would never exist because her existence and musical contribution would be way too unnecessary, even absurd and made no sense at all. <br />But in this given  world we live nowadays; where everybody has their own needs and wants yet  they ( even the basic ones for some- consult Abraham Maslow's hierarchy of  needs in any fine psychology, marketing or management textbook )  `ve never  been completely fulfilled; where hatred, conflict, riot, famine, war,  apartheid, et al still multiply; where  difference in race means difference  in privileges; where people tend to subjectively justify others' actions or  even thoughts unfairly through their own simplistic thinking; where we wear  a good, old-fashioned, horse-sensed coat named charity once or twice a  decade ; etc., then her artistic existence and music are in need and could  never make much more sense...<br />This self-titled album is the one for  everyday people like us, you and me; decent people who get up in an early  morning and go to school, college or workplace and hope one day we will  make it better for you and me.......If it were a person , it would have tended  to be the one that said, \\" Folks, I see no use in apartheid since it only  makes things worse; I see no use in hatred just because they are different  from you; I choose to accept others the way they are and hope they do me  the same too; I wanna make it better for me and my another half even for a  while in this fast car; I see no use in violence raining down onto women  and children; I wanna make the world a better place even though I realize  that I' m just  a particle within a system; If I have too much, I' m  willing to give some to those in need.........\\" And this makes &quot; Tracy  Chapman, &quot; the album different from some of the same concepts yet  topics were chosen to be presented in such sarcastic, hateful, anti-social,  depressing ways.<br />Brothers and sisters...A decent person like you needs  something rare and rewarding like this: Tracy Chapman- the album, one of  the most important folk-pop / blues records and musical milestone in  American pop culture and history. SP ( Edited Version )<br />      PS: If you  like Tracy Chapman, you will probably do Lauryn Hill, Jewel, Bruce  Springsteen, Paul Simon' s Graceland, John Cougar Mellencamp, Bob Seger,  John Cafferty &amp; the Beaver Brown Band and Tom Petty &amp; the  Heartbreakers. So check `em out.....
6301969251|3.0|Despite a fine script and superb actors, the film is disappointing because it conforms to the 1950s-1960s &quot;rule&quot; that scriptural characters be one-dimensional and speak their lines in flat and unnatural tones.
B00000JCB2|1.0|You know the industry is in a bad way when bands like Limp Bizkit are enormously popular.  Methinks it is the mindless sheep who flock to them because Carson Daly tells them &quot;Yo, Limp Bizkit is phat!&quot; and  they will do whatever he tells them.  If people were more willing to think  for themselves, then the rest of us would not be subjected to this tripe on  a daily basis.<br />If your idea of clever, thought provoking lyrics includes  lines like &quot;Give me something to break&quot; or &quot;I did it all for  the nookie&quot;, then you will probably enjoy this, since that is about as  deep as it gets on this album.  In addition, &quot;Significant Other&quot;  also offers dull and predictable guitar work, Fred Durst rehashing the same  &quot;relationship gone bad&quot; theme in practically every song, and  worst of all, Durst's absolutely pathetic attempts at rapping (think  Vanilla Ice coming at ya &quot;Straight Outta Compton&quot;).<br />All told,  there is nothing positive to be said about this album, but by all means, if  you are younger than 13 and think TRL is the greatest thing since sliced  bread, don't let my review deter you from buying this.  Since you probably  also like 'N Sync, Britney Spears, and Korn, I'm actually quite sure you  will dig this.
6300181553|2.0|Holiday Inn is a pleasant film to watch after an exhasting afternoon of holiday shopping. There is no real plot, but the musical numbers are delightful.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I absolutely loved their debut album, and could not stop listening to it. Affirmation is just as good, and now I cant quit listening to this one. I wonder how they can continue making albums where all songs are just great.  Amazing.
0767819594|1.0|This is appalling.  Most of the high ratings for this movie are apparently from people not old enough to watch it without Mom and Dad along.  I guess if you want your kids to become mindless, superficial, spoiled, trashy  people like the characters in this flick, go right ahead.
0515125024|5.0|if you are an action fan, than you will love lee childs books, &quot;Jack Reacher&quot; is a wonderful character......what can i say.im in love!
0783229011|5.0|When a little orphaned pig named Babe is taken in by Arthur Hoggett, the magic begins. He befriends all of the animals on the farm and becomes a &quot;sheep pig,&quot; doing the Border Collies Fly and Rex's work just as  well as the dogs themselves. Babe later wins a sheep-dog contest, proving  that even the seemingly impossible is possible.<br />This brilliantly made  film is an endearing family movie without being too sweet or sugar-coated.  Adults and children alike will be delighted by the pleasant, and often  funny, storylthe ine, as well as the talking animals like Fly, who takes  care of Babe like she does her own puppies, and the trio of mice who sing  songs like &quot;Blue Moon.&quot; Underneath its surface, the movie holds  an important moral: anything is possible.<br />&quot;Babe&quot; deserved its  six Academy Award nominations hands-down. It is a must-see for anyone and  everyone, young or old.
0375703764|5.0|I accept that not all people are going to likethis book, but it does have a lot to offer.  Sure, it is derivative ofall sorts of books, but honestly, I've never seen the gimicks used soeffectively as in House of Leaves....I Loved Infinite Jest, but House of Leaves uses footnotes in an eniterly different way.  The gimmicks of this book fit within the context of the story, and don't seem arbitrary to me...and although the meat of the story about the house is entertaining, I felt that the footnotes were actually more interesting, giving a very good overhaul of Critisism in general, film critisim in particular.  The many many &quot;fictional&quot; papers and books Zampano refers to contain a great many insights into the nature of criticism and it's relationship to art.  If you're just looking for a good horror novel, don't read this.  If your looking for a very serious book that also happens to have a very entertaining back-bone, don't miss this book. Incedently, this book emptied me out, really.  I read it in a period of two days, non-stop, and was blown away.  Few novels have done that for me. Bravo to this work....it is about as far away from a &quot;GAP&quot; book as I can think.  END
B000000OYQ|5.0|Man! can you belive the price? Jimmy toured on this lp. And it wasgreat! The opening song was WASTING MY TIME. Sad though thateverything he does is compared to Zeppelin:-( Three instramentals included. Robert pops in on THE ONLY ONE. Good job Bob! PRISON BLUES starts off with a wicked overdriven blues riff that just screams all the way through to the other side of your skull,man!  HUMMINGBIRD is light mix radio stuff. BLUES ANTHEM is probably the only song ever by Jimmy I dare call boring. After the FIRM (who were great!) and before COVERDALE.(also great!)  OUTRIDER stands on it's own as testament to a man &amp; his guitar, against the world!  Still cant belive the price? Should be $18.00 or more. Get it now before they get wise! Only question Jimmy,Who cut your hair,man?
0783223358|5.0|The famous and vividly entertaining 1993 release &quot;Jurassic Park&quot; was a masterpiece from the great director by the name of Steven Spielberg and author Michael Crichton.  After novelist Michael Crichton came up with  a book sequel (the novel is a piece of junk compared to the movie, which is  much better) to his famous hit &quot;Jurassic Park&quot;, Spielberg made a  movie version that might have changed the world forever.   Jeff Goldblum  (returning from his role in the original), Julianne Moore, Vince Vaughn,  Pete Postelewaite, Arliss Howard, Richard Schiff, Richard Attenborough  (returning to his role from the original) and more star in a heart-gripping  adventure on a small unknown island off the coast of Costa Rica... where  something        has survived..........           Years after the  horrifying accident on the island of Isla Nublar, mathematician Ian Malcolm  (Goldblum) is sent to Isla Sorna on a supposed-to-be research expedition  with electronics specialist Eddie Carr (Schiff) and photographer Nick van  Owen (Vaughn) to look for his biologist girlfriend Sarah Harding (Moore).   But when he realizes his daughter Kelly has sneaked onboard their cargo and  is now on the island with them... and the terrifying dinosaurs from  &quot;Jurassic Park&quot;.  Just as he has called in to get someone to come  and take them off the island, they realize they're not alone, but another  team, this time led by new the InGen president, the greedy Peter Ludlow  (Howard), John Hammond's nephew, and big game hunter Roland Tembo  (Postelewaite), who attempt to capture the dinosaur specimens there and  take them back to the United States in a new park for money.   But when the  dinosaurs turn hasty, the new mission is not to study the dinosaurs nor to  capture them but to work together and get off the island... in one piece.   Then Ludlow steps in, and takes a tyrannosaur specimen and its offspring to  California.  Big mistake.  Now Malcolm and Harding must tranquilize the rex  that has wreaked havoc on the city.  With appearances by Peter Stormare  (&quot;Fargo&quot;, later starred in &quot;Armageddon&quot;) as Dieter  Stark (ends up getting devoured by a pack of hungry little compys).  A  masterpiece very comparible to the original film and another outstanding  piece of work.  I first saw it in the theatre, and have seen it many other  times after that, and this one's a must-see.
0784010188|5.0|Well, the Terminator...hmm, what to say, well, I could type all day about this phenom of a film, but I won't. If you have not seen the film, hten you are missing out on one of the best hollywood films EVER made. The  Terminator films are just so amazing that there is really no way to say  what you need to say in 1000 words or less. Rent it, buy it, or steal it, I  don't care how you get it, just get it.<br />Thank you Personal Rating is a  perfect 10 for sound, acting, color, action, and everything else
6304078145|5.0|I'm sorry...I am in the wrong section.I only saw this movie once,and I came in on the middle of that.I want to reply to the section where I can see when it will air again.that's how much I liked it.
B000002L9M|5.0|I remember with maximum clarity when I slipped Black Celebration into the Walkman on the day of it's release way back in early 1986. I had rushed to town during my lunch break from a dead end, soul destroying job, and from  the opening refrain of the opening title track, I knew I would love this  album. 14 years on and I'm still playing it. It's tough to pick the  definitive Mode album, but Black Celebration is on equal terms with later  classics Violator and Songs of Faith. As many have said before me, this is  the album that defined Depeche and showed them the path forward. It's  darker and heavier than the &quot;goth&quot; label given to it. The album  also reaps of sexual tension and the banality of normality voiced so  clearly on the classic opening track. When I first saw the track listing, I  was somewhat alarmed to see the inclusion of Fly on The Windscreen, the  superior B-side to the likable It's Called A Heart. My fears however were  swiftly laid to rest with a remix that managed to darken the mood of the  much loved original even further. Then came the eerie mix into the  atmospheric and touching Question of Lust. I kept playing the opening three  tracks over and over. I was really convinced that the single Lust would  shoot straight in at number 1 (it amazingly faltered at 26 in the UK  charts!). A Question of Time sounded a little harsh on that first listen  but I soon grew to adore it. The energy and power of the lead synth's on  this track is a credit to the pioneering recording techniques used by  Daniel Miller and Gareth Jones. Never had Depeche sounded so good. Here Is  The House was another fine electro tune with a superb bassline. Mode always  seem to find the perfect synth sounds without ever relying on the built in  pre-sets that so many artist's fall back on. The group and producers spent  many hours wandering around abondoned industrial sites, sampling anything  they could hit. All this extra invention and effort in creating sounds was  wellworth the man hours. Black Celebration still sounds fantastic on  headphones. World Full Of Nothing and Dressed In Black would be highlights  on any album. So rich in texture, dark and unsettling. All Mode albums  finish with a hidden ace and Black Celebration provides New Dress with it's  unforgettable drum pattern and great melody. The CD comes with some bonus  tracks that were unlisted on the UK release that includes the oddly  cheerful But Not Tonight that was more suited to A Broken Frame. It is  however an essential Mode track. Shame that Flood's excellent Highland Mix  of Stripped wasn't included instead. That aside, Black Celebration easily  reaches my own personal top ten along with Propaganda's Secret Wish, Human  League's Dare &amp; NIN's Pretty Hate Machine. And it's true...women look  so good in black!
0792838297|5.0|I have recently viewed this movie in my university English class.  We compared it to Fight Club regarding the attack on pop/consumer culture.  It is a fine example of the use and missuse of the media, and how human nature  is distancing itself from direct human communication, especialy through  television and the media.  It seems to me that people are distancing  themselves more and more due to advances in technology.  Inventions like  the internet and email are fine examples of this distancing.  Soon people  will forget how to write a letter, fix a stamp, and send it via mail.  How  many times have you herd someone say, &quot;I learned it on the Discovery  Channel&quot;.  It seems that we are moving father and farher away from  each other every day.     This movie represent this trend remarkably, even  though it was made close to 25 years ago.  I would like to recomend  'Network' to anyone who enjoys a great movie and who understand this gap we  are creating between ourselves with impersonal forms of communication.   Thank you.
B00000DFMM|5.0|Here's a much forgotten secret from the mid eighties, Propaganda's Secret Wish is one of the best albums from this period of golden pop. The album was produced by one of the UK's best known and most successful producer's  Trevor Horn, who was also the driving force behind the trend setting debuts  of ABC and Frankie Goes To Hollywood. Horn's love of complex string  arrangements are used to good effect giving Propaganda's well constructed  songs an added dimension that starker electronic albums could sometimes  lack. Propaganda proved they were on equal terms with fellow German  innovators Kraftwerk by releasing an album where every track is a gem.  Clever use of synth sequencing and analogue layers give many of the tracks  a definite edge, and the album still sounds superb by today's techno  standards some 15 years after it was released. This sort of music is always  helped by a strong vocalist, and the enigmatic Claudia Brucken with her  distinctive German voice is as important to the success of this album as  Alison Moyet was to Yazoo. Brucken's vocals easily generate pure emotion  against the harsh, industrial sequencing of some of the tracks. On Jewel  she provides a manic performance that I really haven't heard from any  female vocalist since. It's very difficult to pick highlight tracks as  favourites, because they are all so good, but Duel remains as one of the  best pop songs from this period. It's a perfect mix of classical interludes  and melodic synths, something Horn was to revisit on the PSB classic Left  To My Own Devices from 1988. Heaven 17's Glenn Gregory helps out on the  vocals for the single P-Machinery, a song that has one of the catchiest  synth leads I have ever heard. Japan's David Sylvian also provided the  bleeps in the intro. Sorry For Laughing is a touching change of pace and  something of a classic. Huge heaps of melancholy and another memorable pop  tune. If I'm pushed, I'd say that Dr Mabuse is the highlight purely for  it's complexityand change of pace halfway through into a pure killer of a  bassline (I bet Adamski liked this one before recording his track Killer!).  A dramatic song like most of the album and it was no surprise to hear  tracks from this album used for endless UK TV theme tunes and car adverts.  Secret Wish easily makes my own personal top ten along with the Human  League's Dare and Depeche Mode's Black Celebration. Sadly, I own the  original 1985 CD release of this album so I don't have the extra tracks,  but I can recommend the remix album Wishful Thinking. Buy Secret Wish and  you'll love it. Trust me.
0385484518|4.0|I have cancer and was given this book by a friend who told me that I was Morrie.  I never understood the value of living until faced with the certainty of dying.  The wit, humor, wisdom and beauty of Morrie is warm  and compassionate.  I have highlighted many portions of this book and lend  it often.
0380713802|5.0|The first time I read this book I was on an Amtrack heading toward Seattle. I only made it to page 30 than I had to put it away. I was laughing so much, the people around me were becoming annoyed. Bill Bryson's  work belongs right up there with Ted Simon and Sean Condon, all who have  the ability to make you laugh, think and become a part of their adventures.  I strongly recommend this book for anyone who has traveled, and for those  of you that have not traveled, read this book, buy a ticket to anywhere and  try living a bit.
B000002KHY|5.0|This album ranks in the top 1% of the best reatest hits albums of all time. From the slow &quot;Something in the way she moves&quot; to the live version of &quot;Steamroller Blues&quot;. This album will let you listen to  probably the best contemporary singer/songwriter of the last 30 years.
0684857219|5.0|If you want a book that explains in full detail every aspect of the human body, and great information on about any exercise you can think of, this is the book!
6305750750|5.0|I haven't gotten Episode 1 yet, but I will. I saw it the movietheater and I knew I had to have it. It's just really convenient thatit comes out this month, cause it's my birthday. I'll be watching it over and over.  <br />Description: <br />A long,long,long time ago in a Galaxy far, far, far away, there lived a Queen, the Jedi Masters prospered, serving the &quot;peace keepers&quot;. But, it was not last. There is a threat to the Republic on two fronts: the Trade Federation and the appearance of a Sith Lord...  END
6303314015|4.0|This is the very first Disney feature ever to be released with a story of its own rather than adapted from some fairy tale - and it's not too bad, in my opinion. Some of the animated scenes are really breathtaking and yes,  even a little savage and startling. But I expected a pretty serious,  emotion-driven piece of art featuring a very noble young lion (lions are  such a handsome, majestic creatures, which would be great for this part)  who had to face pain and difficulties while ascending the great throne as  The King of Beasts. As it turned out, while some of this film proved to be  just what I hoped to see, it also featured some pretty kooky, flippant  parts like the one where the young Simba suddenly jumps out to sing in a  spotlight as if he is in show biz. But hey, Disney is Disney - so what else  would you expect? Otherwise, though it also serves as a cash cow for  merchandising toys and other kiddie stuff, it's not too bad at all.
6305784116|5.0|I loved this movie ever since I saw it on VHS last year, so I had to get the DVD edition. A wonderful, clear video transfer shows that Disney's animation work in the 1970's was not as bad as some people think! And for  those complaining about the movie being in a 1.33:1 aspect ratio... This is  how it was produced! Most Disney films from this era were in 1.33:1.
B00001QGPS|1.0|One word...PATHETIC! ...Any true hip hop fan will agree that this is a dissapointment. Redman has never matched his classic album &quot;dare iz a darkside&quot; and Meth has already released a useless second album. The  beats are the worst Erick Sermon beats ever. Red and Meth do however throw  some good ryhmes. A waste of money. GO AND GET !DJ QUIKS! ALBUMS AND  !FROSTS! ALBUMS IF YOU WANT SOME REAL HIP HOP.
6305750750|3.0|Yes, Jar Jar is Dum Dum Dum.  Steve must have been eating spinach when he came up with this character!  Yes, the kiddie was a bit overdone, but after all, he's born with the (! ).  Must agree with all others regarding a DVD  release.  Come on Steve, read the reviews, all 173 pages of them on this  site, and get cracking.  You evidently have not read the stats on the  number of DVD players expected to be sold over the next two years!  All the  libraries that I know of are buying DVD's for circulation, and they are the  most conservative of purchasers.   Come on guy, and DVD it.  It'll make the  fans happy and also Amazon.. <br />Cheers
0553573411|5.0|It keeps you on your toes and you cannot predict the future for the characters. I found the ending a little sad, however it left you to imagine what happens for them after. And i guess thats just up to you ehh?
0441003257|5.0|This book is great! It's a satireical look at Armageddon. These two master story-tellers weave a tangled web of words that serve to entertain and baffle the reader. The characters are well rounded--you could see yourself  sitting in London drinking tea with any and/or all of them. Terry Pratchett  makes it a point to drop in his endless footnotes, poking fun at the  nuances of British culture.<br />If you like the works of either of these two,  like (or don't like) the British, or just like a good &quot;end of the  world&quot; story, this is one book that should be picked up, and not put  down again until its been fully absorbed.
B00002MZ2C|4.0|I liked this CD, although before I heard this CD, I hated Rage. This is a good CD, mainly because most of the songs don't sound the same. I particularly liked the songs &quot;New Millennium Homes&quot;,  &quot;Guerilla Radio&quot;, and especially &quot;Sleep Now In the  Fire&quot;, my favorite on the CD. I also liked &quot;Born of a Broken  Man&quot;, but I don't think that was the best song (it had a cool opening,  though). I hope RATM puts out more like this.
B000005JA8|4.0|Imagine a surreal cross between Tom Waits and John S. Hall of King Missile fronting Faust on a jazzy day, and you have 'Trout Mask Replica'. For such a strange album (Van Vliet shouts non-sequiteurs over what sounds like a  band tumbling down a flight of stairs) it has also been extremely  influential, not least because, at first listen, it sounds as if anybody  could do it equally well. This isn't the case, although bits of the album  sound suspiciously like a man reading out jazz poetry (of the 'ingest...  infest... incest... in.... jest!' variety) whilst unseen others riff  rapidly. And the intra-song banter ('Fast! And bulbous!') sounds very  'student'-y.<br />I have no idea how this compares with other albums by  Captain Beefheart, and I am extremely amused to think that Captain Hook  fans might buy this accidentally.
B00004NRWH|5.0|Here is a sopnosis<br />Best songs: Deep, old enough, worthy to say, Hold out your hand, Diggin this, and the rest<br />Best feature- Everthing<br />Every song on this ablum is amazing. Go buy it
630468150X|5.0|Okay, so maybe this one will never win the Academy Award for &quot;Most Logical Picture.&quot; But for plain old-fashioned-get-your-adrenalin-pumping fun, this movie is hard to  beat.<br />The premise is utterly ridiculous. Nicholas Cage plays Cameron Poe,  an Army Ranger sent to a Maximum Security prison for killing a  knife-wielding punk while protecting his pregnant wife (Monica Potter, who  lights up the screen just by being there). At the end of seven years Poe is  paroled and is placed on a transport flight home.<br />Uh-oh! The transport  flight passenger list reads like a phone directory for Sociopaths R Us. The  entire flight is filled with urban guerrillas, serial murderers, and  chain-rapists. What lunatics could write a script where this collection of  megalomaniacs is able to work together in hijacking the plane?  Well,  they're out there.  So be afraid. Be very very afraid.<br />Parolee Poe then  forgets his beautiful young wife and little girl, but recalls that he is  the lone Ranger on the flight. Spurning a chance to escape so that he can  stick by his best friend and a lady guard who is about to become the  in-flight entertainment, Poe wins the trust of ringleader Cyrus The Virus  (John Malkovich), even while sabotaging the Great Escape.  Malkovich is  appropriately psychotic and has some of the best lines in the picture.<br />The resourceful Poe is able to convince Federal Agent Larkin (John  Cusack) that he wears a white hat, (how is another matter) but Cusack has  problems of his own with Agent Malloy (Colm Meany, who should win the Most  Abrasive Actor Oscar for this or any picture).  Larkin and Malloy chase the  hijacked plane across the country in a high speed hyperactive romp of  exploding humvees, flying sportscars and ground-attack helicopters, but  don't catch up to the plane until it crash lands in Las Vegas after Poe  subdues most of the Bad Guys. Of course, ah yes, ultimately he must subdue  the Worst Guys.<br />Does it sound beyond belief?  Well, it is.  But it's  also two hours and some of rollicking screen hysteria.  If you like the  action genre, you will love CON AIR.  If the genre doesn't appeal to you,  this most definitely won't.<br />I give this FIVE STARS, Four for the movie,  and one for Monica Potter who is the woman every man should be lucky enough  to come home to.ond belief?  Well, it is.  But it's  also two hours and some of rollicking screen hysteria.  If you like the  action genre, you will love CON AIR.  If the genre doesn't appeal to you,  this most definitely won't.  <br />I give this FIVE STARS, Four for the movie,  and one for Monica Potter who is the woman every man should be lucky enough  to come home to.
B000002MTR|5.0|There best song ever &quot;Shallow be thy name&quot; is on this ablum. I mean its amazing.
0790729687|3.0|This film looks gorgeous --great locations, sets and costumes-- but I wanted to giggle whenever Cruise &amp; Pitt tried to be dramatic (Antonio Banderas was OK.)  Kirsten Dunst was great, though -- near the end, my  husband asked how old the actress was (I don't think he believed she was a  little girl in real life.)  See it for her, and the scenery.
B00000JGHL|4.0|This film is ver underated. I realise that people have complained about its apparent lack of real direction in terms of a plot development but it is a realistic look into the heart of a corrupt judiciary.  Corruption in  real life does not always involve a white house assistant / boy scout who  uncovers a scandal that directly implicates the president as a murderer. Is  film shows us the two faces of the story and aside from that the actors are  superb. Watch out for Al Pacino's speech at the funeral.
B000000Y27|5.0|Wes Montgomery is Incredible all the way here.His Music is in a Class by itself.though he doesn't get all The Love He Deserves those in the Know will tell You this Cat Had Madd Chops Pure Genius Here.
0780628551|3.0|It's good to forget what the critics say sometimes, and watch a movie with an open mind to form an unbiased opinion. That's what I did with \\"The Astronaut's Wife\\". Charlize Theron was excellent in her role. It's sort of a modern day \\"Rosemary's Baby\\", not as perfect, but the suspense and the thrill are there. The movie begins kind of dull and humdrum, yet the suspense broadens as the story advances. All in all I enjoyed it. I'll watch it again someday, too.
6305750750|4.0|Yeah I know, yet another Phantom Menace review. It seems like since the movie was released on video the whole TPM Rules/TPM Blows debate has started up on the net again. I just felt like writing my own feelings on  the movie after reading everyone else's.  People seemed to have very mixed  emotions about this movie.Some people love it, hailing it a modern day  masterpiece. Others seem to think it's the biggest piece of crap to ever  grace a movie screen.  I myself enjoyed the movie a great deal, I even own  the collector's edition video now. Is it the best movie ever made? No. Is  it the best movie of 1999? No. Is it even the best of the Star Wars movies?  No. In my opinion that would be Empire Strikes Back. However this is still  a highly entertaining movie.     The special effects are among that best I  have ever seen, they are definitely the star of this movie. The Pod race,  Coruscant, the senate chamber the battle between the Gungans and Battle  Droids, the space battle, the light saber duel, they are all simply  amazing.      The story, which many people have complained about, is  actually in my opinion a very good one. People have to remember that this  movie is a set up for 5 more episodes. I think the movie does a good job of  introducing us to this galaxy far, far away. It's not simply a movie about  &quot;a trade dispute&quot;, as some of the critics have been saying. It's  about how one man is using a trade dispute to manipulate his way to power,  and on the other hand we have a Jedi Knight's discovery  of a young boy who  he believes will fulfill the prophecy of bringing &quot;balance to the  force&quot;. I think the critics of this movie will definitely appreciate  it more in 2005 when they will see how important TPM is to the over all  Star Wars Saga.      Despite what some people may say about the acting, I  felt we had some very good performances. Liam Neeson as Qui Gon Jinn, and  Ian Mcdirmid as Palpatine/Sidious put on stellar performances. EwanMcgregor also did a very<br />good job, and I see big things to come for him  in the next two episodes. People say Natalie Portman's acting was  &quot;stale&quot;. She was playing royalty, this is how they act. She  really didn't do as bad a job as people say she did. Jake Lloyd has been  given a hard time, but give the kid a break. He's was like 9 years old when  he made the movie. I think he worked very well in the role of the innocent  young slave boy (and who when they were young never yelled out  &quot;Yippie!&quot; or &quot;YAY!&quot;? I know I have).     Now onto the  infamous Jar Jar issue. Some love him, some despise him. I've been on both  ends of the spectrum with him. I didn't like him really the first time I  saw the movie, but after seeing it a few more times the guy grew on me. Now  I can say I've done a 180, and I actually laugh the Gungan's antics. Give  the guy a chance, he will grow on you.     So to all the critics out there  I just have this to say. Try to forget all the hype this movie had. As hard  as it may be, don't compare it to the original trilogy. Just watch it for  what it is, a highly entertaining adventure movie that is setting up a  really great saga.
B00004RE7C|3.0|I would have given it more stars, but considering that there are NO substantial extras, it's overpriced (unless you buy it from HERE that is...it's retailing for about $27-28 everywhere else). I do think it's a  really enjoyable movie.  I am glad that they had the presence of mind to  remix the soundtrack in Dolby 5.1..  That is a definite plus. However, if  Paramount keeps releasing the Star Trek movies without deleted scenes,  commentary, documentaries etc.., then they have to start charging less.  Heck I think Amazon was selling The Abyss double DVD special edition for  the same amount as Star Trek III!  As a previous reviewer had mentioned,  the extra footage and documentaries EXIST.  If I'm going to buy the DVD,  they should be on there.  No excuses.  Put them on there, or charge less.
B00004LN16|4.0|This is the best AC/DC album since Back in Black.  Listen to the layers of guitars.  Listen to the band working as one.  This is the best rock album front to back that has come out since ??.<br />Crank it. I gurantee it will get your rocks off.
0440234743|4.0|Enjoyed this book.  Had a few slow places, but most of the book was well written and kept my interest.  I enjoy books that I have not guessed the ending,unfortunately I had an idea how this would end, but enjoyable  reading and characters took on their own personalities.  Would recommend to  others.
B00000JCB2|5.0|The man who sings the songs says bad words when he sings.
B00000DMJF|1.0|this cd is bad. the only song on it thats ne good at all is obladioblada. i love that song.:) obladioblada has touched peeps lifes and theyve spoken: obladioblada is the best work of art by anyone, or anything (that includes  woodchucks). lets get reel, the beatles never did ne thing good.
0060920386|3.0|Its a good book from the perspective of corporate politics.  Insightful as to the motivations of the different players.  Disappointing from the finance side of things, as there was not enough information about the inner  workings of the deals proposed to buy out RJR.
0375703764|1.0|The Newsweek review sold me, until I picked the novel up in a bookstore and, upon inspection, quickly put it down. Two days later I was back in the store purchasing the book simply because curiosity got the best of me. And I wish it hadn't. You can say that my actions reflect those of the  protagonist in the book's documentary, lured into the house's labyrinths by  his sense of adventure. And man, did I live to regret it - what I thought  would be a good time turned out to be torture.<br />Let's discuss how  incredibly ambitious this book is, even if the author's only goal appears  to be having his readers flip pages back and forth, turn it upside-down,  inside out, any which way you physically can and can't, and at the heart of  it all find nothing truly substantial. Filled with all these fictitious,  yet posing as authentic, footnotes, this book seems like a personal project  for Danielewski to try and prove how clever he can be. I understand his  intention was to demonstrate the disconcerting, funhouse effect the house  had on its explorers, and on some levels it really works. However, a great  writer wouldn't need the gimmicks.<br />Nice try, but thumbs down, Dude. This  book took a lot of patience.
B000002LQR|5.0|This is a great album!   Normally after 1 or 2 years (or less) an album goes out of fashion. This one is 9 years old and it still isn't out of fashion. It even made a re-entery about two months ago (Australian Charts)  (entered to #31). &quot;Give it Away&quot;, &quot;Breaking the Girl&quot;  and the smash hit #1 single, &quot;Under the Bridge&quot; are really cool  songs. &quot;Californication&quot; is also a fantastic album.
B00004S361|4.0|FFF is a great album. Its good to have this one on CD (24-Bit remastered version). My favorite on here is the opener &quot;Smile Please&quot;. I like the album cover as well. Stevie's 70's album covers from Talking Book  to Songs In The Key Of Life were great. You Haven't Done Nothin was a  number one hit and it still holds up well. &quot;Creepin is another gem.  Stevie was and always will be my favorite overall artist. Can't wait to  collect the rest of Stevie's classic CDs with the new improved sound  quality.
6305750750|4.0|OK, Jar-Jar may be a little irritating to us adults, but as a parent of 5 boys (ages 6 mo. to 11 years), Jar-Jar brings much needed lightness to a fairly dark tale. Just when you think the Jedi are going to die, Jar-Jar  shows up and gives the kids some breathing room.<br />I think that this will  be as much a classic to my 11 year old, as the original Star Wars Episode  IV was to me. I stood in line for  4 hours in 1977 to see it for the first  time, and waited 2 hours last year to see it with my boys.<br />My only  complaint is the muddiness of the soundtrack with regards to the voices. It  was muddy in the theatre, and is muddy at home. You think that Lucas with  his THX system would get it right on one of his films. Come on, Skywalker,  Use the Force.
B00004S361|4.0|FFF is a great album. Its good to have this one on CD (24-Bit remastered version). My favorite on here is the opener &quot;Smile Please&quot;. I like the album cover as well. Stevie's 70's album covers from Talking Book  to Songs In The Key Of Life were great. You Haven't Done Nothin was a  number one hit and it still holds up well. &quot;Creepin is another gem.  Stevie was and always will be my favorite overall artist. Can't wait to  collect the rest of Stevie's classic CDs with the new improved sound  quality.
B00000JTB2|5.0|THIS IS GREAT BLUES MUSIC HAROLD MILES SR MR DJ.
0812548094|1.0|My oh my. This book is a complete waste of time and money. Even writing this review feels like that. WFR was not good, but SOT is really bad. I expected Goodkind to become better after his first novel, but was  disappointed. Im so sorry that I purchased all 4 Volumes of the series at  once. Those of you who think that Jordans Wheel of Time is a masterpiece  will like it though. But let me tell you: Wheel of Time is not a  masterpiece - not even a good book.
6303920713|4.0|Dangerous Minds was a very good movie although the story line was a little predictable. It showed real kids with real problems. It also shows that all it takes is for someone to actually care about kids like that and they can  change. There was a lot of foul language and although that's how kids talk,  they could have done without it. I like how the writers had Michelle P's  character constantly talk about choices. She showed how everything we do  and say is our choice. We may not have choices that we like (which she  stated) but everything in life is a choice. Good movie for all (especially  students).
630469797X|5.0|Geogre A.Romero's Dawn of the dead is the second part of thedead trilogy.This film is about four people who have decided to tryand run away from the zombie threat in a helicopter.But as they run out of fuel they find a shopping mall which is full of the creatures...I recommmend this movie to any horror fan or fan of the resident evil seris END
B00003W8NM|4.0|Do you remember what it was like long ago in the schoolyard when the writhing mob circled round you and the other kid...the fever that gripped you so strongly you wanted to roar and throw up all at once?  Some of us  flew into it and found a liberating maddening purity for brief moments.   Others cowered with lingering doubt and frustration haunting us afterward.        This movie takes me right back there on the schoolyard dirt...but  there is no other kid; there's just this idea coming at me with its fists  raised and there's nothing to do but face it or cower and resent.         This isn't about people fighting each other; Its about people fighting  themselves, which is beautifully portrayed by the schism of the narrator's  personality.  Norton's nameless narrator only becomes real at the end of  the film after fighting all the things that aren't real in his life,  including, ultimately, his own raging nihilism.  Seeing this film is like  getting in a fight.  The film challenges your mind to stand up and throw  down with some very disturbing ideas.        Take a moment to remember that  bloody, sweaty, dirt-yard of youth and the person that was born of it.   Now...go, experience this film and get ready to fight.
6305750750|2.0|&quot;Disappointed&quot; is the best word I can use when I think about how I felt when I saw &quot;Star Wars: The Phantom Menace&quot;. &quot;Disappointed&quot; because when I saw the first &quot;Star Wars&quot;  movie 23 years ago (! ), I was enchanted by the characters as much as I was  thrilled by the special effects, which, by the way, would now be considered  pretty cheesy! There is no doubt that the special effects in &quot;The  Phantom Menace&quot; are absolutely spectacular. However, along with the  whoop-de-doo effects, I really wish that George Lucas had included some  characters that might appeal to members of the audience who are over the  age of fourteen! Someone, for instance, along the lines of Harrison Ford's  Han Solo character in the first 3 movies. Unlike the first 3 movies, which  I saw several times in the theater and umpteen times on television and  video, this one is really not up to previous standards in terms of how an  adult might enjoy it. And, by the way, when ARE the first 3 movies going to  be released on DVD?
0679457607|5.0|This book provided for me a new perspective on how I approach shotmaking.  I've always had a decent short game and plenty of power, but inacuracy in ball striking has hurt my ability to score.  Since reading this book one year ago I've moved from a 14 hdcp into the single digits.  The book is not  a miracle product, but if you are familiar with the mechanical fundamentals  (read Hogan's 5 fundamentals if you aren't) and you are willing to  practice, the Inner Game techniques can help one to improve.  In my case  this improvement was rapid, dramatic, and has stuck.  I will say, that not  every technique in the book has clicked with me, at least as of yet.  I  tried most of the methods outlined, and embraced some while setting others  aside for now.  For me the single instruction to visualize yourself  throwing the golf ball at your target as you swing made such a dramatic  improvement to my accuracy that it alone payed for the book many times  over.  As a more general comment, the philosophy put forth in these pages  has improved my time spent on the course.  I for one feel much better about  my game when I focus on letting my natural abilities come through.  I know  that my best shots have the same quality as those of the PGA pros.   Physical skill is not a deterant in my game.  The only thing keeping me  from performing consistently at their level is between my ears.  When I  head out on the course knowing that I am not going to clutter my mind with  thoughts about where my right elbow is at the top of the backswing, I enjoy  the game much more and shoot lower scores.  Thanks much Mr. Gallwey!
6305364613|1.0|Baz Luhrmann, Leonardo Di Caprio, and everyone else involved in this sorry production should be ashamed.  They took a wonderful story and destroyed it, made Romeo into a dislikable druggie hood, and twisted the play's words  in ways that would have made Shakespeare weep.  Avoid this at all costs.  Buy the Franco Zeffirelli version if you want Shakespeare, not MTV.
B00000IAU3|4.0|Theme song from Rosewell is the best! (Here with me) I downloaded it and listened to it over and over again. Even though I am 28  Roswell is one of My favorite shows and that song makes me feel so good! Ordered the CD and  it is great. If you need some feel good, sexy music Order Dido NOW!
0930289455|5.0|While previous reviewers may only state that this be included as one of the best comics ever written. I will go further and state it *IS* THE BEST COMIC story ever written.
6305776326|5.0|This movie is just plain funny.  If you are a fan of SNL, you will love Superstar.  I admit that Mary Katherine Gallagher is one of my least favorite skits from the show, but this move REALLY surprised me by just how  hilarious it was- The parts with the tree and stop sign were instant  classics!  This is just a movie to make you laugh, people over analyize it  too much-- just sit back, relax and enjoy yourself, you will end up loving  it.  I gave it 5 out of 5 stars-- it's very good.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|This CD is wonderful! I like it even better than their last one.  The songs have very meaningful lyrics and a good rhythm, and this album has less of a techno-ish sound than the other one.  &quot;Affirmation,&quot;  &quot;Crash and Burn,&quot; and &quot;Two Beds and a Coffee Machine&quot;  are my favorites, but most of the songs are great.  I highly recommend this  CD!
B00000K19E|5.0|This was Fantastic move in the theater and it is the reason someone should buy a DVD player. Untill you see it on DVD their will NEVER be a spoon.
B00003XB8K|5.0|i think that this is the best i also recommend enigma 3 if you like this one. very relaxing
B00002MZ2C|4.0|Even though Rage uses swears to express themselves, what they express is good.
6300216039|5.0|I throughly enjoyed this movie. However there was one thing that bothered my: they way they kissed on the balconey. I think many people would agree with me here   Besides that, i would recomend this movie to everyone.
044100590X|5.0|I worship my lord Frank Herbert.  Get down on your knees and embrace the power of Dune.  Only then may your retched souls be saved!
B00002MZ2C|5.0|I've heard some comments recently about how Rage have become &quot;sellouts&quot;.  This is complete and total BULL.  I am OLD SCHOOL RAGE -- I have been listening to RATM promo tapes since before their first  CD was released.  All the talk about how &quot;Battle&quot; ruined their  music is completely untrue.  It may be a little &quot;different&quot; from  older Rage, but that DOES NOT in ANY way mean it is not as kickass or more  so than before!
B00000K19E|5.0|Yeah! They are all right!  This movie is crazy, astounding, perfect, superboosted as perfectly balanced.  Keanu Reeves is the One.  Laurence Fishburne is the Guide.  Carrie-Anne Moss is an awesome kind of Trinity.   You need it.
0802130208|4.0|Like many of the reviews Ignatius J. Reilly is either adored or despised. I'd have to say for myself that the first three chapters made me want to throw Ignatius and this book into the fireplace. Slowly Ignatius gained my  appreciation. This educated fool, with his brash comments and warped sense  of imagination made me laugh out loud. By the end of the book, I felt  myself cheering for him. If you don't like satire, stay away from this  book. Ignatius is the type of character that you'll either love or hate.
6304618344|5.0|YA'LL NEED TO HATING ON THIS MOVIE BECAUSE IT WAS GREAT.
B000001FXR|5.0|This album introduced reggae to the rest of the world.  It is the starting point in reggae's international history (something to think about).  It's value to me is priceless!  a must for all reggae fans like  myself.
B00000J2KR|4.0|Kubrick dares to risk pretension here by taking the obscure Thackeray novel at face value.  Eschewing a modern sensibility which almost always mars period movies  (the very recent  &quot;Mansfield Park&quot;, with its  wacky feminist sensibilities, comes glaringly to mind), the director makes  the people in this world move like the marionettes we always imagined them  to be.  They stand like portraits of themselves; they glide across rooms  beautifully.  The score behind these painted dolls consists of the archest  classical composers, i.e., Handel and Bach, along with others slightly less  arch.  Further, most of the movie looks like a Gainsborough or a Watteau  landscape.  And in case that's not enough high-art for you, Kubrick uses a  narrator  (a great old Shakespearean actor named Michael Hordern)  who, for  all we know, IS Thackeray himself -- he certainly sounds archly Victorian  enough.<br />Perhaps only Kubrick was egomaniacal enough to attempt all this.   The movie has moments of intense beauty, and you have to admire Kubrick's  determination in realizing those moments.  On the other hand, what works is  also what occasionally hampers the movie:  the scenic composition can get  too static  (to say nothing of the dialog!).  One ends up wishing that  Kubrick wasn't so convinced that his film was so lovely.<br />The only actor  Kubrick apparently respected was Peter Sellers, which is a roundabout way  of saying that it hardly matters which actor portrays the titular hero of  this movie.  Ryan O'Neal suffices.  In fact, his bland good looks and  roughneck frame suit the character perfectly, which is undoubtedly why  Kubrick cast him in the role.  (O'Neal was also a star in 1975 -- indeed,  he was 1975's Matthew McConaughey.)  Not a Method Actor, he simply speaks  the lines and looks handsome, which is all that's required.  If you imagine  De Niro in this role, you'll soon agree with me, I think, that O'Neal is  great casting.<br />All in all, a  (mostly)  absorbing rise-and-fall story,  executed with much more attention to detail than you're probably accustomed  to.  I recommend it.
0792833686|5.0|I heard about this movie for years.  Comments of every sorts, even the unconvincing parody from Kubrick's Clockwork Orange, finally got me.  I checked for it and bought the DVD.  As you may guess, &quot;An american in  Paris&quot; followed shortly.  I began to discover the rich art of the  american musicals of the 40's and 50's.  I'm now hungry for dancing scenes  and singing/dancing numbers.  And let's recognize that the acting is really  good, acknowledging the fact that the intent is not to depict a dark and  hopeless existence (which is only a &quot;part&quot; of reality, i'd say)  but the story of human being with a good measure of optimism and  appreciation for life... Why not!  Gene Kelly is a monument. Amazing,  totally amazing.  O'Connor is perfect, and make an astounding job in sync  with &quot;Kelly Dancing Machine&quot;, (&quot;Make'em laugh&quot; is a top  number, &quot;Moses supposes&quot; is incredible).  Did you know Debbie  Reynolds is the mother of ... Princess Lea.  A little deception: few  noticed JEAN HAGEN, which did exactly the contrary of her role in the film  - she overdubbed Debbie Reynolds when she sings in the film...  She had a  fair pleasant voice but who remembers.  Anyway, definitely one of the 25  best films of all time.
B0000019PA|4.0|People either love or hate this album.  I personally thinkMangum has an interesting and listenable voice.  I'm not an audiophile-- the &quot;sound quality&quot; or &quot;recording quality&quot; does not concern me as much as the lyrics and the passion, and on these counts Mangum and company score a vast number of points.  Musically it's amateurish fuzz-folk-meets-marching-band, if that makes any sense.  Lyrics about sex, death, and reincarnation [a lot of this is like classic Dylan, wide open for interpretation...]  It all adds up to something that, in me at least, provokes a profound melancholy.  If you're suicidal, don't listen to this album in the dark while pondering your many mistakes.  Many people seem to think NMH are the Greatest Band Of All Time, or the Great White Hope Of Pop Music.  They are neither.  They are just a band with an interesting off-kilter sound, fronted by a unique-voiced poet [hmm...more Dylan similarities].  This album is one of the bright stars in the (ever impressive) Merge Records catalog.
0790733900|5.0|This is one of my top 10 favorite movies of all time.  The story is both tragic and beautiful.  It's very moving and also includes some of the most unforgetable dialogue of any movie ever made.  I never get tired of  watching this movie. Please see it at least once.
B00002Z88D|5.0|The &quot;sad but few&quot; who don't approve of Metallica anymore are stuck in the past. Metallica needs to grow, and this CD is growth on an explosive scale.  I applaude their bravery in playing live with a symphony  orchestra and the results are spectacular. The song selection was very  difficult for them, and like most bands, chose more recent material to  play.  But there is plenty of classic Metallica, and the songs are not  watered down, as some would have you believe.  In fact, the fastest songs  are the best ones (Master of Puppets, One, Battery).   I hope they do this  again with another 2 CD set (next time with songs from the new Blackest  Album).  Listen to this CD again and again.  The experience is  exhilirating.
0375703764|4.0|It's unfortunate that this book is being slandered for failing to provide Joycean epiphanies. The reality of the situation is that, for all the elaborate fonts, footnotes, and appendices, House of Leaves is a thoroughly  entertaining story. It has flaws, yes, but is overall both engaging and, to  a certain extent, genuinly scarry. There seems to be a general current in  criticism that says if a book has pretenses towards experimentation, it  better be fully successful or it's just lousy. House of Leaves is, at  times, pedantic and overwritten. Not all its experiments are successful.  But it is also brilliantly Borgesian and a lot of fun. Save your criticism  for the real pretentious failures of modern literature. Aim your cannons  away from books that do something interesting to a genre that's stale with  rehashed plots and conventional approaches. Step off the high hores, read  house of leaves, and enjoy.
0671004107|4.0|After reading the book, seeing the movie and reading these reviews I can see there is an element of science vs religion.  The book was great because Ellie wasn't as meak and intimidated as Jody Foster portrayed in the movie.   Matt McCaunhey was just too quick in the movie with illogical retorts of  how all the information she was receiving could have been God.  I would  guess Sagan needed to feel the need to appeal to the theist to educate them  in their faulty logic.  I did like the ending of the movie in that Jody  Foster helped the next generation by telling the small group of children to  keep looking for answers.  The movie had an element of absolute farce,  Ellie saw her Dad who was dead.  The fact that time was an element did  entertain me.  We have created time and to see Elle travel through all  those visions in a few seconds, leaves me wandering what if we could  ultimately understand in outerspace.  Though we hardly fathom time travel  as factual, the intellectuals are working on making this a reality.  I mean  it's only been thirty years since we landed on the moon.  Could you imagine  telling your great-grandfather we will land on the moon?  He would have  said impossible.  Luckily our tax dollars are being used to explore science  projects despite all the opposition of people who think we are the center  of the Universe.  Sagan should be admired for his ability to make us think  of what we can attain through space exploration.  If I had to recommend one  over the other, read the book.
B00003CWL5|5.0|OK, Dreamworks please dont pull a George Lucas with this movie and not put it out on DVD! I want my DVD of this awesome movie ASAP! Kudos to the cast and especially Kevin Spacey!
0754013316|4.0|When I bought this book last month, Lent had just begun and I found it was the perfect time to read this lovely little book!<br />The story takes place between Ash Wednesday and Easter and delightfully portrays true kindness  and charity by using the symbolism surrounding the sweetness and comfort of  chocolate. The local priest and his &quot;groupies&quot; distrust the new  young woman who has come to their sleepy town and opened the small, warm,  inviting chocolate shop just acros from his church. Chocolate represents  for them decadence and evil - where for the townsfolk, it opens their eyes  to lifes' joy they have been missing. As Easter - and a Chocolate Festival  - approach, the &quot;penitent&quot; feel they must stop the festival - but  we find that the forty days of Lent have taught this little town the true  meanings of Christianity. Wonderfully seen from two points of view - one  accepting and open, the other skeptical and closed-minded, the books'  characters blossom as they stop in at the little chocolate shop. It's a  story of winter turning to spring, of distrust turning to trust, of good  triumphing over evil - and of chocolate delights so well-described you can  taste them!
0679746048|1.0|I know that a teen's point of view based on a book is rarely accountable for, but I have to say that this was one of the most uninteresting books I have read. There was no plot to it at all; it was just scattered about. I  learned absolutely nothing about the characters. Maybe if some background  information or any information at all about each character was established  I would've enjoyed it more and would even consider giving this book two  stars out of five. <br />This is actually the first time that a movie was  better than the actual book from which it was based on.<br />It's not worth  the money or the time.
B00003CWN3|5.0|I went to this movie to see Hilary Swank's performance and came away stunned not only with her amazing performance, but with the brilliant work of writer-director Kimberly Peirce.  What a debut film for Peirce!  She,  too, should have had an Academy nomination and won the Oscar for her  directing.  The film is so powerful that I've seen it two days in a row and  am both devastated and astonished by it.
B000002UAI|5.0|This is a deceptive album. It does not hit you over the head, and with the exception of 8 Days a Week, there are not recognizable singles either. But with each successive listening, the songs become imprinted in you brain.  From the catchy lyrices to the fold influenced harmonies, every element,  and more, that made Rubber Soul a great album are present here. And then  there is George Harrison. In a way, this is his album. A disciple of Chet  Atkins, the guitar parts on this collection of songs really showdase his  country influences , especially on No Reply, I'm A Loser, Honey Don't, and  Everybody's Trying to Be My Baby. In fact, the Beatles prove that they are  the pre-eminant country band of their time with there versions of these  songs. It would have been fun to here them do a complete set in this genre.  This album stands out as the best of their early albums and is just a small  notch below their best, Rubber Soul, Revolver and the White Album.
B000006045|5.0|Mezzanine shows that despite some personnel changes (both major and minor) Massive Attack is still one of the acts to watch in electronic music. The album is darker,harder and more complex than previous albums. But it shows  Massive Attacks'amazing ability to create lush soundscapes using beautiful  vocals over sometimes trippy/ sometimes throbbing instrumentation. The  addition of more guitars is most welcome and fills out the album quite  well. Though I enjoy all the songs on the album, I highly recommend the  first three tracks if you prefer the older Massive Attack and tracks four  to seven for the new sound. My absolute favorite track is number 6  &quot;Dissolved Girl&quot;, it has very light, almost angelic vocals  overtop a heedy bassline with an surprisingly hard rockin' guitar/drum  interlude, if you are a guitarist/or guitar buff you MUST hear this song,  it'll surprise you. If you don't own this record already I highly suggest  you buy this one and join the attack on it's quest to conquer the world.
0425152251|5.0|As a young student of philosophy, this book served as a fantastic introduction and sparked the great interest I now have for philosophy. The ideas presented are made much simpler than any philosophy textbook. The  only problem is the sometimes choppy translation from Norwegian to English,  but so much is to be expected. This is an excellent book for anyone to  read.
6304873441|5.0|Phoenix-based 20th Century Fox's first full length animated film debut is by far one of the top 5 animated films of the past 2 decades. The animation was realistic, the songs were superb, and the story line was captivating. Lead characters, Anastasia and Dimitri, display excellent character  development, and Dimitri's right-hand man, Vladimir, deserves an award for  best supporting character. Being a rare gem, this splendid animated film  brings us heroes, gives us hope, lets us laugh and cry and fall in love.  &quot;Anastasia&quot; touches us as few things do. And to those of you who  complain about its historical inaccuracy, do you honestly watch a movie for  an educational experience, or are you like me, and watch it for an  entertainment experience? Forget about its minor flaws, the movie is pure  magic!
B0000033PB|3.0|I bought this when it first came out - in 1991/92; I don't remember exactly. At the time I was learning keyboards [I became a gtr player...] - I had an electric organ with 2 vintage synths stacked on it &amp; I  worshipped Rick Wakeman &amp; Keith Emerson. I remember eagerly awaiting  this album &amp; rushing home with it from the music store.<br />I don't  remember it much, except that Black Moon &amp; Farewell To Arms were my  faves. I want to repurchase it now on CD for old times sake.
B000002ADT|5.0|I took too long to get my own copy of &quot;Kind Of Blue&quot;, after my original vinyl was magically teleported to a friend's house. If you wonder how Miles Davis changed the jazz sound of the 50s, this is THE album. As a  musician, I am still awed by the fluid modal changes, the melodic solos and  the cooperation of the musicians in the band. &quot;Kind of Blue&quot; is  one of the musts of any jazz library, if not a must for anybody who is into  music in general.
0385486804|5.0|Because Chris McCandless died in the Alaska wilderness, Jon Krakauer wrote an account of  his life.  He was not crazy.  His story reminds me of the Greek myth of Icarus who fashioned wings for himself out of feathers and wax.  People warned him not to fly too close to the sun as its heat could  melt the wax.  Heedless of the warnings, he did so and fell to his death.    Going into the wilderness on an adventure, or to prove oneself is nothing  new.  According to Mathew 4: 1-11, the original Chris was &quot;led up by  the spirit into the wilderness&quot;.  There the devil presented him with  three temptations (these are the classical ones for humans in all ages).   After fasting for a long time, Jesus was hungry.  The first temptation  (material wealth, greed), turn bread to stones was rejected.  The second,  power over everyone, likewise rejected.  The third temptation, to throw  oneself from a high place to be saved by the angels, was rejected because  scripture prohibits tempting God.  Not content to be like the rest of us,  Chris McCandless wanted to be special: saved by the  angels. See &quot;IN  THE NAME OF GOD PLEASE REMAIN TO SAVE ME&quot;  page 197.  Maybe Chris  McCandless finally rejected this third temptation.  Had he lived he might  have emerged with enough love for all of us and a clear view of our common  limitations, to become a  great teacher.  But by then it was too late.   Maybe he came to realize that freedom is valuable only if it serves a  worthwhile purpose. In the end he blessed us all!  Yes, it is a most  thought-provoking book.
0780622650|5.0|As a dedicated fan of the Lost In Space TV series since my childhood in the 60's I approached New Line's big-screen version with a mixture of anticipation and trepidation on its release in '98. I'd heard about the  initial reviews and was ready to be severely let-down. Imagine my surprise  to emerge from the cinema feeling as though it was one of the best times  I've had at the movies.The amazing effects &quot;blew me away&quot;  (leaving me somewhat exhausted by my responses to them)but unlike so many  recent sci-fi extravaganzas I found myself entertained by a complex and  witty screenplay which also unexpectedly moved me with its restrained use  of sentiment.I applaud the efforts of Akiva Goldsman and Stephen Hopkins to  recapture the tone of the early black and white episodes of the TV series  (before the show descended into camp, never to fully recover)and found the  90's modifications to the concept (eg. dysfunctional family issues etc)  intriguing.  Fans of the show were given clever references to  well-known episodes and lines of dialogue (the first two-thirds of the film  stuck very close to the pilot episode and the following one entitled THE  DERELICT) and the cameos by original cast-members were great.June Lockhart  in particular showed herself to be an actress with a bold sense of humour  about her TV image! The film cast couldn't have been better chosen (Gary  Oldman is particularly outstanding as the vain, villianous Dr. Smith), all  adding the kind of depth we don't see too often in films of this  genre.Bruce Broughton's score (the great John Williams was unable to redo  his classic TV score due to other commitments) is excellent (see the  reviews of the full score CD at Amazon.com) and a worthy successor to its  &quot;forbear&quot;.  Although moved by the ending (involving the  saving of John Robinson's life by an older version of his son Will, who in  effect sacrifices himself for him) I originally found the last portion of  the narrative difficult to grasp and sensed that editing had played a hand  in this. The DVD's commentaries and deleted scenes confirmed my  theories(the &quot;time bubble&quot; sequence originally had many  &quot;bubbles&quot; and dialogue had to be cut when confused preview  audiences led the makers to shred this sequence down).Nevertheless,  repeated viewings have made even this section more enjoyable and easier to  grasp (time warp sequences are usually a bit hard to fully work out at the  best of times- eg. BACK TO THE FUTURE II).My only carp is that, despite  Jared Harris' good performance, I wish that Bill Mumy (who played Will in  the series) had been given the opportunity to portray the older version of  Will (he tested for the role and reportedly believed it was his for a time-  his disappointment at losing it apparently played a major part in his  decision to have no part in the production).Harris (the son of Richard  Harris) apparently had his dialogue looped by an American actor.Nonethless,  I happily cannot understand the tirade of criticism levelled against this  film and believe that time will be kinder to it than many other movies  which were well received critically at the same time.One Melbourne critic  (Jim Schembri, of The Age, called it &quot;an undeniably entertaining  extravaganza based on the modest '60's TV series&quot;).It is  incomprehensible to me that there were no Oscar nominations forthcoming for  Visual Effects, Sound Effects Editing, Dramatic Score and Art Direction-Set  Decoration. I have yet to play the (excellently produced) DVD to anyone who  has not been entertained and moved by it. A planned sequel is reportedly  unlikely to be made now due to box-office figures- a tremendous pity which  I hope will be turned around before cast contracts expire etc.. I cannot  recommend this film highly enough- even to those who may not be sci-fi  buffs.difficult to grasp and sensed that editing had played a hand  in this. The DVD's commentaries and deleted scenes confirmed my  theories(the &quot;time bubble&quot; sequence originally had many  &quot;bubbles&quot; and dialogue had to be cut when confused preview  audiences led the makers to shred this sequence down).Nevertheless,  repeated viewings have made even this section more enjoyable and easier to  grasp (time warp sequences are usually a bit hard to fully work out at the  best of times- eg. BACK TO THE FUTURE II).My only carp is that, despite  Jared Harris' good performance, I wish that Bill Mumy (who played Will in  the series) had been given the opportunity to portray the older version of  Will (he tested for the role and reportedly believed it was his for a time-  his disappointment at losing it apparently played a major part in his  decision to have no part in the production).Harris (the son of Richard  Harris) apparently had his dialogue looped by an American actor.Nonethless,  I happily cannot understand the tirade of criticism levelled against this  film and believe that time will be kinder to it than many other movies  which were well received critically at the same time.One Melbourne critic  (Jim Schembri, of The Age, called it &quot;an undeniably entertaining  extravaganza based on the modest '60's TV series&quot;).It is  incomprehensible to me that there were no Oscar nominations forthcoming for  Visual Effects, Sound Effects Editing, Dramatic Score and Art Direction-Set  Decoration. I have yet to play the (excellently produced) DVD to anyone who  has not been entertained and moved by it. A planned sequel is reportedly  unlikely to be made now due to box-office figures- a tremendous pity which  I hope will be turned around before cast contracts expire etc.. I cannot  recommend this film highly enough- even to those who may not be sci-fi  buffs.
6303686745|4.0|Thgis movie is far from being a high-tech movie of its time orany time. But the acting is very impressive as well as its allstarcast. A must get for any collector of movies
B000002W9Q|5.0|I've had the tape for 13 years(has it REALLY been that long?)and I really liked it then and I like it now(even though I don't listen to it as much because I listen to my CDs more). I know all the words to the songs and I  remember using &quot;Overload&quot; in my 7th grade gym class when we were  doing aerobics. In fact, this is the only movie soundtrack that I own where  I have actually seen the movie!  A great collection of hit late 80s songs!
B000002KDS|5.0|BEST ROCK ALBUM OF ALL TIME
630575067X|1.0|did anyone really expect this to be good? with all the hype leading up to it, it could only be a let down. while the effects were good, everything still looked extremely rendered and cartoonish. the acting was sub par, and  the worst part was the kid. YIPEEEEEE! (he shouts that 3 times in the  movie). jar jar binks is below mentioning. darth maul... we never learn  much about him, and he's not one iota as menacing as darth vader. the  saddest part to me is that there are so many devoted star wars fans out  there who refuse to see this movie for what it is. they are so blinded by  everything lucas and the fact that they waited days/weeks for tickets that  they would feel extremely guilty or duped by calling the movie anything but  amazing. in reality, it lacks the creativity and vision to put it in the  same league as the original trilogy. want good sci-fi? look elsewhere.
6305750750|4.0|After a long 16 year wait, the world was brought back to that galaxy far, far away.  What a homecoming!  It was unfortunate The Phantom Menace was overhyped and held to impossibly high expectations which led to a mountain  of, in my opinion, unfair criticisms from a society that is quick to tear  anything good down.  Episode 1 is a fantastic film that carries on the  magical tradition of the Star Wars series.  Although slightly thin in some  character development and background (e.g. Chancellor Valorum played by  Terrence Stamp), the film has a rich, intricate story that entertains on  many levels.  The performances of the cast were great all around:  Liam  Neeson, Ewan McGregor, Natalie Portman, Jake Lloyd, Hugh Quarshie, Samuel  L. Jackson, and Ian McDiarmid, who was fantastic in the role of Senator  Palpatine (the true phantom menace!).  The special effects were truly  fascinating, from the exciting and harrowing pod race to the grand  cityscape of Coruscant.  The film is a wonderful journey that maintains the  magic which captured my heart as a boy over 20 years ago and still  captivates me today and hopefully forever.  Truly the best version to have  is the widescreen edition which presents the film in its original grand  scale, as it has done with the classic trilogy.  However, I also purchased  the pan &amp; scan version to get a closer look at the details of many of  the scenes.  I do share the ever growing view of having the Star Wars films  released on DVD as soon as possible.  The DVD format would dramatically  enhance the quality of viewing of these cinematic treasures.  Perhaps the  classic trilogy will be released on DVD soon to whet the appetites of fans  until 2006 or so when the prequel trilogy would be completed.The Phantom  Menace is a truly remarkable movie I highly recommend.  Grab up this  wonderful film today!
B000002A46|5.0|I got this for Christmas the year it was released and I loved it!  One of my favorites is the last songs &quot;Jesus, Oh What a Wonderful Child&quot;, and my favorite part is the end when she kept singing &quot;Oh  Jesus, Oh Jesus&quot; over and over again in a great gospel-like way. Gives  me chills every time!<br />I also like &quot;All I Want For Christmas Is  You&quot;, &quot;Miss You Most&quot;, and the others. The best Christmas CD  of the '90s!
0375703764|4.0|The novel plays on our most primitive fears; darkness, isolation and the idea that a coherent &quot;center&quot; (spiritual, psychological) does not exist. As Derrida would have it, &quot;authentic&quot; meaning is always an illusion, a product of a maze-like play of differences at the margins.  Well, that idea alone is not enough to commend the book; but for me,  Danielewski invests the various narratives with enough wit, drive and  strangeness to make it worthwhile. The ghosts of &quot;Pale Fire&quot;,  &quot;Tristram Shandy&quot; and &quot;Gravity's Rainbow&quot; haunt  Danielewski's pages and although &quot;House of Leaves&quot; falls short of  such exalted standards, I cannot accept that it's a merely an overhyped  piece of fluff. I found the actual experience of reading the book to be  utterly disconcerting, the real stuff of nightmares.
0446310786|1.0|no offense to anyone who liked it, but i thought it was boring
B000002KDM|5.0|Mud Slide Slim and the Blue Horizon was one of those albums that shaped my teenage psyche when it was first released.  It expressed through songs like Riding on a Railroad, Highway Song and Let Me Ride, the restlessness of  looking for the soul's home. A haunting and delicate weaving of words and  music in Long Ago and Far Away still sends chills down my spine, and  reminds me how consoling Taylor's songs were and are.  No other James  Taylor album touches my soul as much as this one, where he articulates a  yearning for something not yet known.  An absolute must for any music  lover's library.
0805062971|2.0|Curious how much the philosophy and form of Fight Club reminded me of Andrew MacDonald's &quot;The Turner Diaries&quot; (the racist, right wing, terrorist manifesto). <br />Kind of makes you think, doesn't it?
B000023VR6|5.0|This masterpiece is something in-between &quot;A Night At The Opera&quot; by Queen and &quot;Sgt.Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band&quot; by The Beatles. It's something special. It's inspiring!
0064471047|5.0|The Lion, The Witch, and the Wardobe is a very good book. This book is about a bunch of kids who travel into another dimension through a closet. In the dimension they come across many adventures which include fighting an evil witch and meeting a lion of a king(hint hint). I would rate this book  the highest rating possible plus more. I am a sixth grade student loves  adventure, magic, and fantasy. If you match this description(not the the  age though) you will love this book. Enjoy! Trust me you  will.<br />-Maria-Elena S.
B00000K19E|5.0|A spectacular plot coupled with unbelieveable action scenes and special effects make The Matrix one of the best science fiction movies of all time.  This movie would be very good even without the great plot because of it's  original action shots.  The slow motion shots of Neo and the Agent during  the fight scene in the subway terminal are the best I've ever seen.  The  plot makes you think about your reality, and whether or not what you think  is real really is.  This is a film that you must see.
B000002KB8|5.0|A classic that has stood the test of time.  Although I love the album Paranoid, this album is one of my personal favorites.  The title track still is chilling and ominous. &quot;Behind the Wall of Sleep,&quot; I  think, is an underrated song that masks its dark lyrical content with its  blues-based, jazz shaded metal Iommi riffs, Bill Ward's irregular  time-signatures, and Geezer's prime bass work.  In my opinion, Ozzy's  vocals fit into the schema of Sabbath better than his solo LPs.  The  Cream-inspired &quot;N.I.B.&quot; still reigns in my musical Grimoire, and  the somber &quot;Sleeping Village&quot; segues into another improvisational  foray for the cover of &quot;The Warning,&quot; a song I've probably heard  several hundred times over my lifetime (literally).  Get the remastered  version with the addition cover of &quot;Evil Woman.&quot;  It's mandatory.
B0000029AP|5.0|HEARING THIS AGAIN TAKES ME BACK TO 1975......  COULDN'T WAIT TO GET THE ALBUM HOME TO HEAR ALL OF THE TRACKS. LOVED THEM IN CONCERT TOO.  STILL LOVE IT, ONE OF THEIR BEST ALONG WITH &quot;PUMP&quot; AND  &quot;ROCKS&quot;.
B000002JR8|1.0|I don't get it.Does anyone remember that Pantera had 4 albums of solid glam rock before becoming &quot;tough?&quot;  How about the band Exhorder, who started in the 80s as a proto-thrash band and were more skilled,  faster, and more sincere than Pantera, as well as SOUNDING like them . . .  hmmmm . . . now who came first?  You guessed it, and it wasn't Phil and his  cohorts.Diamond/Dimebag Darrel isn't the best guitarist by any means,  despite the popular consensus otherwise.  His riffs and soloing aren't  grounding breaking or creative.  He's not the worst, but he's nothing  special.  Vinny Paul's drumming is average at best.  Rex definitely is no  Geezer Butler, and Phil's hardcore vox have been done better by Kyle (i.e.  see Exhorder).  What's up with the Black Sabbath cover?  Never mind the  ingrates that claim Phil sings this better than Ozzy---Bill Ward actually  sung it!  Sorry, Pantera will never usurp the standard Black Sabbath laid  the foundations for.  Lyrically speaking, this reeks.  Phil rants like a  semi-coherent, 14 year old, angst-ridden punk.  You want melody?  Check out  Mercyful Fate, King Diamond, Iron Maiden, and Judas Priest.  Want classic  metal?  See Venom, Black Sabbath, Celtic Frost, Bathory, Motorhead,  Possessed, Kreator, and Sodom. Desire brutality?  Get Morbid Angel,  Suffocation, Emperor, Deicide, Krisiun, Angel Corpse, Incantation,  Pessimist, Centurian, Nile, Cannibal Corpse, or Satyricon. Forget about  Pantera and listen to something worthwhile.
B000003BF4|5.0|Like everyone else I agree this album is a miracle. It is wonderfully 'real' with an amazingly powerful and engaging sound. It is not 'tight' but tends towards a more 'relaxed' approach, but this is the Stones' particular  charm and it certainly pays off. I just love to hear Keith and Mick T play  leads on &quot;Carol&quot; and &quot;Little Queenie&quot; - they pump of  the excitement with Bill and Charlie moving effortlessly behind - now they  have rhythm! A superb &quot;Sympathy for the Devil&quot; with a classic  guitar solo, although I should point out that even if the solo was by Mick  (if you all say so), Keith played the original solo on the studio album, so  I feel Keith deserves the credit for it. Why does he no longer play like  this? Marvellous &quot;Honky Tonk Woman&quot; and &quot;Love in Vain&quot;.  Those were the days when the Stones had balls and heart and were at their  zenith! If you like the Stones at all this is a must have for your  collection. What a sound.
B000001GGV|5.0|This is one of the best in my CD collection. I absolutely can't hear if often enough. Eventually my thoughts wandered, wondering if JS Bach ever knew of, or played, Scarlatti. How would this sober giant of German  keyboard music feel if he could experience the pure, clean brilliance of  Scarlatti as played by Pogorelich? I'm sure he would feel delight with a  tinge of regret that he could't approach composition with a lighter touch.  On a similar note, I noticed that V. Horowitz, after his wonder years, took  up the music of Scarlatti and played it to appreciative listeners. This CD  shows Scarlatti as a great and wonderful composer, and a composer who needs  a musician of awesome technical powers to represent him. I hope for more  Scarlatti CDs by this marvelous pianist.
630575067X|1.0|What a waste of money! The sound was horrible and the picture kept getting little white specs on it (my VCR has 4 heads and was just cleaned). Stay away!
B00000J7S8|4.0|This is supper club jazz at its best. Songs are carefully selected standards, unconfronting and familiar, arrangements are slick and professional but unadvanterous. An unashamedly commercial product aimed at both lovers of mainstream jazz and adult contemporary pop. What makes this  otherwise unremarkable attempt remarkable is the talent of Diana Krall. Her  husky vocals, clear piano delivery, and effortless phrasing are delights to  savour. She shows no sign of being overwhelmed by the ghosts of the jazz  greats who had covered these standards many times before. Her style is both  uniquely individual and unthreateningly familiar. There is an effortless  sexuality in this young woman's voice that recalls Holly Cole, although  Diana is a better performer. Her debt to Nat King Cole is implicitly  acknowledged. Every blatantly commercial effort should be that good.
6305750750|1.0|What a waste of money! The sound was horrible and the picture kept getting little white specs on it (my VCR has 4 heads and was just cleaned). Stay away!
B000021XS0|5.0|This album is a must-have for any Dream Theater fan.  I was a little disappointed in it the first few times I listened to it, but (as usual) by the time you listen for all the subtle nuances, you realize the real genius  that goes into this music.  And that's why we're Dream Theatre fans, isn't  it? Music where even the details have been brought into total control with  the rest of the song. However, I will readiliy admit this isn't DT's best  album.  If you're a casual fan, or just discovering the best group on  Earth, I'd recommend starting with &quot;Images and Words&quot; and  &quot;Staring into Infinity&quot; first.
630575067X|5.0|I think the STARWARS Saga is one of the best motion pictures ever created. And thanks to George Lucas. who, with a dream, Changed how people think and live.  With STARWARS, not only it was a good motion picture. But, with its  state-of-the-art graphics, and ground breaking technology, Set the stage  for other motion pictures, Who would not be possible.  And episode #1 is  the example of what can be accomplished with a desire and a dream. Thanks  George Lucas for making our world a little brighter.
B00000J6AG|5.0|There are many reasons why this cd is a great one, First, it has a great beat to it, Second, it has been featured on the x-files a few times and Moby is just a very great group, better than all that Britney Spears and  Backstreet boys crud that everyone my age listens to.
0805062971|5.0|i saw the movie, then i read the book. i loved the film. i am at a complete loss to describe my feelings for this novel. i read this novel like my life(or quality of) depended on it. skeletal, harsh and beautiful  are the only descriptive words. it is the &quot;Catcher in the Rye&quot;  for a new and post-adolescent world. the narration, which is the bulk of  the novel is the strong point. i felt as if i was, for a moment, the  unnamed narrator. read this book, take this fable as you will, but most of  all, love it and learn from it. angst and satire combine to make great yet  extremely accessible and fast paced literature.
6302610702|2.0|Does nobody have the &quot;cajones&quot; to say it? Sure, the few Brando scenes we get in the first installment are priceless (as if Brando needs to stuff cotton into his mouth to make his speech less understandable than it  already is), and Al Pacino's horrible speech impediment is craftily covered  up by a somewhat contrived &quot;broken jaw&quot;, but Puzo's Godfather  series is nothing more than a soap opera for men.<br />Instead of interviews  with Francis Coppola and the now-dead Puzo at the beginning of the tapes, I  think they should have had commercials for Old Spice and Right Guard.<br />All  in all, the series is part of a growing American genre that glorifies the  terrible acts of bullies. Hey, we love mobsters in America. Kudos to the  now-dead Puzo for delivering this violence to our households in a charming  fashion.<br />In case you think this is a pan, I've seen these movies several  hundred times, and I know almost every line from them.
0790734850|5.0|An excellent adaption of James Ellroy's novel that improves with each viewing.  Superb direction and screenplay by Curtis Hanson, who has obviously seen Chinatown and adapted some of its soundtrack.  Though Leonard Maltin's movie guide described this as &quot;a dark world  view&quot;, the movie is still a ray of sunshine compared to Ellroy's  novel, and the story ties together better.  Incredibly captures the look  and feel of 1950's LA with superb acting by Kevin Spacey and its two Aussie  leads Russell Crowe (born in New Zealand) and Guy Pierce (born in England),  who speak in perfect American accent.  Exciting and realistic finale.  A  must see, several times.
B000002G6J|5.0|It was a real treat to see some others appreciate the music of Tom Jobim. Wave was my first intro to jazz through a friend of mine in high school and so my first purchase was Wave in the Red cover which I still have and  treasure. My all time  favorite piece of music. Every song is wonderful  with &quot;Red Blouse&quot;  as my favorite.
B000002LKF|4.0|Few songwriters have the scope to submerge themselves in music that -in a certain way- is foreign and explore it with such deepness as Paul Simon. Like Peter Gabriel, Simon has succesfully and humbly listened carefully  before contributing in a note of his own. The result is compelling: he  neither fades out the great rythm or melodies of Olodum or the great Milton  Nascimento in a stab of egotism, nor loses his usual brightness and melodic  creativity in the process. One of my favorite records, doubtlessly.
015626224X|5.0|I am a high school teacher who is quite fond of using Orwell's books in class.  I do think that this book is rarely talked about but is very readable.  I have always loved Orwell's dry wit and knack for keen  observations about human nature.  I would recommend this book highly to  anyone with an interest of Europe in the 1930's or with an appreciation of  wit and dry humor.
B000002NC4|5.0|I really cannot get enough of this. It is perfect. I listen to this album in the morning and my day is better. This is, to my ear, the finest electric guitar-based music ever recorded, and that includes Mr. Hendrix.
630575067X|4.0|I was anticipating this film six months before the movie came out in theatres and I went to see the movie on the second day it came out. I was sort of disappointed when I was comparing it to the original movies (which  in my opinion are the best movies ever!). But then I bought the movie on  tape (where's the DVD?) and I watched it a couple times and realized that  it was better than I thought! Yes there are flaws, and in my view here's  the only drawbacks in the movie. . .<br />-Jake Lloyd had some very weak lines  in the movie(example- when Greedo said that little Anakin can go home after  he cleans the shelves and Anakin says: &quot;Yipee!&quot; What? That's  horrible!)<br />-During the pod racing scene the two headed announcer- too  ludicrous for words!<br />-Very little character development! The original  movies were crammed pack with character development and that's what made  them so great! But The Phantom Menace has very little.<br />-But the biggest  disappointment is that Darth Maul is shown very little in this movie, I was  expecting him to be a large part like Darth Vader in the original  films.<br />There's also some advantages though!<br />-There's some great  characters in this movie! I loved Queen Amadala, Darth Maul, and yes. . .  Jar Jar Binks.<br />-There were great special-effects and  sound-effects!<br />-The lightsaber fight was awesome! Way better than the  ones in the original films!<br />-Queen Amadala's costumes were just awesome!  They stole the scene everytime!<br />So, thought that The Phantom Menace was  pretty good! So, try not to compare it to the other movies because it's  pretty good by itself. And after you think about it, this is a good start  because it has questions to answer and after the next three films come out  you'll see that this was a good start for the new trilogy! I give The  Phantom Menace 3 1/2 stars.
0800184327|1.0|If you're looking for a movie that is hot and sexy with lots of dancing - give this one a miss.  As an avid Salsa fan I could not wait to see this but I was hugely disappointed.  Saying it started slow would be an  understatement, it crawled painfully along on it's belly.  The dancing came  in fits and bursts, there was no 'big dance moment'.  I felt like I was  being teased right the way through, I kept thinking &quot;it's going to  start now, it's going to start now&quot;.  Way to much emphasis was given  to the love story (which was ashamedly unoriginal) and not enough to the  dancing (which was average when there was any).  If Chayanne hadn't been  such a gorgeous specimen of a human being I would have bailed out after  half an hour.  I felt his full potential was not shown(innocent smile), I'm  certain he had a hot tortilla lurking in there somewhere, if only he had  given us a bite!
B000001E7L|5.0|&quot;No Need To Argue&quot; is one of the most important albums to be released in the decade of the nineties. But you really wouldn't know that, considering that The Cranberries are, I think, one of the most underrated  bands of our time. If this album didn't have any influence in today's music  scene (and I think it did), it certainly had tremendous impact.  &quot;Zombie&quot; is one of the finest anthemic rock numbers of all time,  right up there with U2's &quot;Sunday Bloody Sunday&quot;... Does anybody  recognize this? Sadly, no. Because today's music scene seems to be all  about fashion and little else. Well, if that's the case, let's remember  that from 1993 to 95, The Cranberries were indeed &quot;a big deal&quot; if  that means anything. Back in a time (the early to mid nineties) where it  seemed, for one brief shining moment, music and MTV and radio really was  worth listening to. And you know what? They accomplished that in such a  remarkable way. Dolores O'Riordan had (and to this day HAS) killer pipes,  and these guys just had a kanck for cranking out tremendously moving and  convincingly powerful melodies. &quot;No Need To Argue&quot; is a  contemporary classic, with a brilliant production job by Stephen Street.  And yet, it's so simple. A well balanced mix of folk and grunge rock that  delivers on so many levels that are constantly rewarding. To date, The  Cranberries have recorded four albums. Each of them travelling in  different, unexpected directions. This variety keeps the band interesting,  and so, I am a fan. But this is by far superior to anything they've done.  As much as they've matured musically, they haven't quite topped this superb  work. (Their upcoming album just might, or at the very least equal it  because they are returning to Stephen Street) In any case, this is my  favorite of their albums, but more than that, it is with little doubt my  favorite album of all time. Period. No album has ever moved me as much as  this, and I suspectthat no album will. The structure- from the melancholy  reminiscence of childhood, to the heartbreak of lost love, to commenting on  various social injustices of this world, to finally accepting the way  things have turned out and maybe finding a corner of happiness. Brilliant.  I urge those who haven't yet heard it to give it a few listens... And those  who have, you know what I'm talking about.
6304981635|5.0|This movie is the best martial arts movie ever. It captures the power and the spirit of martial arts.  There is a nice tribute to Bruce Lee too. This is definately a Bruce Lee fan's as well as a martial arts fan's dream come  true.
630575067X|2.0|There isn't much to be said. So what if it wasn't relesed on DVD? The point is that this move lacked what the others had. The plot and characters (especially the Jar-Jar tibe) were more than a bit shalow, the acting  wasn't great, and the script was terible. &quot;I'm so proud of you  Anne&quot; Annican's mother sqeaks in an unnaturally high voise after he  wins the pod race. &quot;you have given strength to those who have  none.&quot;  Oh please! If Lucas works more on the plot, script and  characters next time, they might live up to the originals.
0767817478|1.0|This is not a Godzilla movie, hey devlin, Godzilla breathes fire! Attacks the army! Is invulnerable! get a clue!, The monster looked like the &quot;Beast from 20,000 fathoms&quot; He's an iguanna?   He spent most of  his time running away, instead of on the attack.  This was a miserable  monster movie
0848817540|3.0|Forster's classic is yet another one of those books I probably would not have read save for its selection by my bookgroup. For a good half of the book I was fully expecting a nicely written standard story of colonial  injustice. Thankfully, the story turns a different way and is thus saved  from what at the time might have been controversial, but now is merely  banal commentary. Forster's writing is decent, and he did a really good job  of conveying the psychologically confusing aura of the place. However, the  ending is very weak and oddly done compared to the rest of the book. I'm  glad I read it, but I don't foresee reading much else by Forster.
0385495315|5.0|Great read, distilled content, and it has helped me communicate more precisely on information security.  A good pre-read to Kahn's &quot;Codebreakers&quot; or even &quot;Cryptomonicon.&quot;
0688158129|5.0|When I fist looked at this book in a bookstore I thought this was going to be too depressing to read. The next time I found it I had to pick it up because it inticed me. When I started reading this book I was amazed by the  bond between Chris and Emily and it was SO very different than high school  realtionships. They were so close it was such a great because they loved  eachother so much but It was so tragic. I loved the way their relationship  was described because you could definitly feel such the strong emotion. I  also loved the parents, and things that happened with them. I loved this  book and I felt for Chris and Emily through this book right to the final  page especially Chris. Jodi Picoult is such a great author. I found Chris's  semi-friendship with Steve was very interesting to me. Everyone should read  this book becuase one of the best books i've read and I know &quot;Couldn't  put the book down&quot; is such a cliche but it was really true with this  book and all I could do was read it untill it was finished, but now that it  is i am sad that it is.
6304508611|5.0|this is the best stephen king movie ive ever seen.if you like his books and movies see this.it is a classic
B00000K19E|5.0|This film has everything you need. An excellent storyline written and directed by the Wachowski brothers, brilliant acting from Laurence Fishburne, Keanu Reaves and supporting cast, and enough action to keep you  on the edge of your seats until the sequel comes out.  Very basically the  film is about the matrix. It is an elaborate deception, only to us real as  life gets. We humans are reduced to a battery to keep the artificial  intelligence we originally created alive, and in turn this keeps us out of  interfering with their ultimate scheme of things. Not all of us accept  this.  This film is done extremely well in every manner. The way the film  is shot gives you that almost dreamlike feeling when necessary, the action  scenes are better than I have seen in any film before, the lobby scene  especially. The script very well put together, has an excellent soundtrack  and has the humour all in the right places.  The worst thing about this  film is that they almost convince us they're right, and we the audience are  in the matrix too. The best thing is just about all of it.
B000002MUQ|2.0|This cd shows, in my opinion, the reason Sammy Hagar was kicked out of the band. His vocals are scratchy and off-key. That aside, there are some good songs. &quot;Feelin&quot; &amp; &quot;The Seventh Seal&quot; are both  top-notch. However, this cd contains &quot;Big Fat Money,&quot; which is  the worst song VH has ever done. I recommend this cd for diehards only.
0783230621|1.0|this is the worst movie of all time. nuff said.
B000031WD9|2.0|potty brained swill. Perhaps I am being too kind.   OK, I rate it two stars because I actually laughed a few times.  But it's not funny, it's really sad.  Predictable, gratuitous pubescent trash.  But I am wasting my  typing because it's obviously the level of much of the American pubic . .  er. .public.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I wached Roswell the show on the WB and instantly fell in love with it. I had to have the cd. I listen to it all the time.
B000007NZ5|4.0|I've had this album for a number of years and, in spite of what some of the reviewers below me say, its a fine album throughout and one which Iommi is justifiably proud of. Tony Martin has a fabulous voice (still does, in  fact), and each of the songs has a typical catchy riff (Iommi is, after  all, the king of the riff!). Best tracks are &quot;When Death Calls&quot;,  &quot;Black Moon&quot; (very Coverdale-like vocals by Martin on this one)  and &quot;Nightwing&quot;. I liked all of the Martin-era Sabbath material,  and this, along with the Eternal Idol, is the best of that period.
B000009QPO|5.0|You know an album is great when after a few listens, you can't decide which song you'd most like to hear and just start it from the beginning.  Hollywood Town Hall is that kind of album.  The songwriting is amazing in  its consistant brilliance.  As for the style, if the Stones had grown up in  Minnesota (and were still young) they might sound like this.  Unfortunately, later Jayhwaks albums do not quite measure up.  If you buy  one, this is the one you want.
B00000K2SC|4.0|I'm not a big sci-fi fan, and I always thought that other sci-fi cult classics like &quot;Stargate&quot; and &quot;Blade Runner&quot; were highly overrated.  But having seen this motion picture, I have to say I'm very  impressed.<br />If you're into technical and special effects, they just don't  get any better than they do in &quot;The Matrix&quot;.  No question as to  why this motion picture won as many technical Oscars as it did...eat your  heart out, Lucas and Spielberg!<br />The reason I refer to this movie as a  &quot;thinking person's sci-fi movie&quot; is that some will have a tough  time following the plot.  This is a picture to which you MUST pay attention  to understand.  <br />I would have given this movie five stars instead of  four, but I thought that Keanu Reeves' acting performance was a little more  wooden than usual.  Laurence Fishburn, on the other hand, has never been  better.  I also thought Joe Pantoliano was a questionable casting decision  as the turncoat, but it didn't distract all that much from my enjoyment of  this motion picture.<br />&quot;The Matrix&quot; is one of those pictures that  sort of raises the bar for others of its genre.  I understand a sequel is  in the works, and I believe I won't wait for it to come out on home video  this time.
B00000IPAX|5.0|This is an awesome cd, even if you bought it for &quot;All the Small Things&quot; or whatever all the songs are good. It doesn't matter if theyre punk or pop or alternative, I wouldn't label it any one thing but  the variety of music in Enema is what makes it cool. Blink is talented and  fun to listen to and if u are a real fan take them as they are and BUY THE  CD!
630575067X|4.0|Despite claims to the contrary, this is not the &quot;ultimate&quot; Star Wars movie.  There are moments of inexplicable plot twist and/or unbelievable coincidence (Anakin Skywalker made Threepio?  Since when?),  not to mention some moments that are entirely too silly for this noble  saga.  (When I saw Boss Nass do that lip-shaking thing, for example, I  groaned, &quot;This is obscene.&quot;)  But I'm still giving this movie  four stars, simply because it does have its moments:  the unbelievable  special effects, for example, that turn this from a movie into a  breathtaking epic experience.  Add to that the performances of Liam Neeson  and Ewan McGregor (who sounds exactly like Alec Guiness, by the way), who  give solid performances as true Jedi Knights--highly skilled warriors who  follow a strict code and uphold their principles to the end.  Their  performances alone transform this movie from the rambunctiousness of  previous Star Wars episodes (or later ones, I guess) into a heroic tale of  camaraderie from a time when Jedi Knights were exactly that.  This film  feels old-school even though it's new, and that feeling along with the  background info this movie provides (not to mention what is hands-down the  most kickass series of lightsaber sequences EVER) make this movie worth  owning.
0790731231|5.0|I remember the first time I actually sat down and watched Goodfellas. I was hooked within the first two minutes.  Remember the scene when Henry 'roughs up' one of Karen's neighbors because he made a pass at her? I knew  from that moment on, that I always had a desire to be a gangster.  Not that  I'd ever be one (besides, I'm not Sicilian), but even during all of the  tough times they went through I remember thinking it just looked like they  had fun as they did whatever they wanted.  <br />By the end of the movie, you  feel as if you really understand them.  You feel as if you know why they  didn't ever go straight (even with each other) after getting 'pinched'.   You feel pity, as Henry Hill gives up his glorious lifestyle just to stay  alive. And you feel in a way, he might as well be dead.<br />All of the cast  was perfect, especially Joe Pesci (who won the Academy Award for Best  Supporting Actor in this role).  The soundtrack fits so well, sometimes you  forget it's there--unlike newer films that drown out the sound with the  latest pop single.  The cinematography and directing is top notch (remember  the no-camera-cut scene of the restaurant walk-through?).<br />You know how  you put on some music just to have some background noise while you do  something else?  Sometimes I catch myself trying to put this on for  background noise.  It never works.  I get to the cars blowing up and the  'Out of respect' line.  Then, I settle into my couch and get ready to watch  one of my favorite classic gangster movies.
0385484518|5.0|I don't usually read non-fiction books, but i got hooked on this book.  Morrie is a sweet, dear soul who unfortunetly, is dying a terrible death, of all the people in the world this disease(lou gehrig's disease) had to  pick, why did it have to be this man?  He was an incredibly good person,  very smart, and knew how to love and be loved. He is my new role model.   You will definetly need a box of tissues near you reading this book.  It is  moving, inspiring, heart warming, sad, funny, true story. If your life is  on high gear, you need to put on the brakes, and read this book. If you are  someone who feels that your life could be better, read this book.  It could  change your way of thinking, it could change your life.
0792151712|3.0|It's most certainly not the best movie of all time, as most people say it is. It may be the movie which recieved the highest number of acdemy awards, but it's also the movie with the highest amount fo goofs/errors/bloopers.  Face it! This WAS entertaining, but nothing original, and certainly not a  classic. I wouldn't even call it ONE of the best movies of all time. The  only reason people love it so much is because of Leonardo Di Caprio(the  teen idol) and Kate Winslet...And they are not very talented actors. If it  weren't for the chick flick and all the nude scenes, not to mention the  pathetic love affair, no one would have liked it. I repeat, thsi si NOT as  great as everyoen says it is, and certainly does not deserve the awards it  recieved. If you want to see a good example of a somewhat sophisticated  love affair, see Andy Tennant's EVER AFTER : A CINDERELLA STORY)(which can  be called a classic). If you wish to see romance-based films which can be  called time-less classics, see MY FAIR LADY or THE KING AND I.  What a  waste of time and money TITANIC was.
0684872153|3.0|The most depressing book I've ever read and I abused my friend for giving it to me.  Yet I have to admit it's very well written and that's what got me through to the more cheerful ending.
B000002AS3|5.0|My first taste of Oasis was the Morning glory album which I loved very much. I was the greatest album I had ever heard. Up until then every album I owned seemed to have at least one bad song in it but not this one.  However I was even more suprised when I bought this one. I couldn't believe  how good it is.  From the powerful opening of rock and roll star right  through to married with children an amazing amount of energy flows through  this album. Its got the raw energy of the sex pistols with the brilliant  song writing of the beatles-the perfect combination. The only thing I can't  understand is why only 8 million people bought this album. It should be 100  million.
0380018179|5.0|Well, how shall I say this. The Thorn Birds is by no doubt the best book in history. I've read Little Women as well, but the Thorn Birds, well, it's just wonderful. It's about the Cleary family, moving from their small house  and shabby life in New Zealand, to Drogheda, Australia. At first their life  is no better; their son Frank leaves home and ends up in jail, Meggie,  terribly in love with priest Ralph de Bricassart since the age of ten,is  upset to witness her brother (Frank)trying to fight with his father,  Padraic Cleary. But things grow better. Paddy's wealthy sister Mrs. Carson  leaves them the large house on Drogheda. Meggie marries, bares a daughter,  Justine, and then leaves her husband, only to meet Ralph, and then she  bares his son, Dane. Life is tough with first the Depression, then war and  drought, and they all keep up. Excellent book.
0156907399|5.0|I haven't read To the Lighthouse since college, a time at which I understood very little about it, but was still greatly moved. Two things struck me about the experience of re-reading it. One is that while I can't  claim full understanding, I no longer found myself struggling with the form  in order to read the book. The second is how much more resonant the book  became for me now that I'm older and can identify more with Mrs. Ramsey  instead of seeing the book only through the character of Lily Briscoe.<br />To  the Lighthouse centers around the Ramsey family and the people they bring  in their wake to their home on the Isle of Skye. Families in the world of  this book are fragile things. The first half creates the Ramsey family  group so well that when the second half is without it, the reader is  constantly aware of the ghost images standing in the empty spaces.  Meanwhile, Lily tries to understand the world she's in and make her  painting by meditating about the Ramseys and how much has changed in the  world around them.<br />The book is tremendously beautiful and sad. I'll look  forward to re-reading it again in another ten years.
B00000K19E|5.0|Outstanding!   This is definately must see.  I can honestly say that this is the best movie I have ever seen.  The movie totally explains all the questions that arise.  The more you watch it the more you pick up.  The  cast was amazing, the soundtrack is equally as good.  And the special   effects and weird camera angles made the movie all the much better.  Go get  you a copy of this movie!
044022425X|5.0|A friend gave me Outlander for my birthday two years ago, and I showed it to my grandmother, who, by chance, had the three other books.  The history that is incorporated in these books shows a little of the history of our  family, being of Scottish descent.  I am moved by these fabulous stories.   I just finished Drums of Autumn, and am anxiously awaiting the next  installment in the on-going saga of Jamie and Claire's love story.  I'm  going to have to go back and re-read the previous three again, just so I  can get my fix.
0684872153|3.0|Bah humbug! Sorry to spoil the party, but I can't agree with the majority view that Angela's Ashes is a great book. Why greater praise is heaped on this book over others because it is &quot;true&quot; I can't quite  understand. Surely the truth limits the writer's talents - he is merely  reporting his perception of experiences.  What great novelists do is use  character, plot and style to give greater resonance to truth. This is  difficult for all but the very greatest of memoir writers, and is why the  memoirs of people who aren't already famous are usually unpopular. So in  that respect Angela's Ashes is a bit of a phenomenon. An interesting aside  is that apparently those living in Limerick at the time Angela's Ashes is  based in, and who remember the McCourt family, have disputed the version of  events as told in Angela's Ashes. <br />Anyway, ignoring the authenticity  issue, my main gripe with Angela's Ashes is that, as a piece of literature,  it is adequate but no more. I suppose the aspect that most people find so  rewarding is the &quot;triumph over adversity&quot; theme. I'm not  disputing that McCourt endured a pretty horrible childhood, but what I did  find unappealing was the passivity of his response - and the implicit  assumption that this martyr-like attitude was somehow praiseworthy.  Stylistically Angela's Ashes is OK - minimal, downbeat, conversational, but  I thought the characterisation a little weak - I didn't learn an awful lot  about Angela, while Frank himself comes across as a bit of a non-entity.   <br />Angela's Ashes, the Pulitzer Prize winning phenomenon, is OK in my  opinion, but if you like genuinely funny, charming, sad and heartwarming   tales of working-class Irish upbringings, Roddy Doyle's Barrytown Trilogy  is a considerably better read.
6305609721|4.0|This is the most popular of the Star Trek films, in terms on box office receipts, but my favorite remains The Wrath Of Khan.<br />This film is lighter than most cinematic Star Trek offerings.  Some of the sequels have  attempted to capitalize on the humor presented here, but with less success.  All of the actors are at their best here, particularly William Shatner,  who has a deft comic touch.  (The look on his face when he sees Nimoy  swimming in the whale tank is worth the price of DVD alone.)  The only  complaint I have about this film is the score.  Leonard Rosenmann's retread  of Lord of the Rings grows more irritating with each viewing.<br />Paramount  has done an excellent job of remastering the film for DVD.  The picture  quality on my laserdisc was very poor, with a grainy unfocused quality that  made it appear that the print had been dragged across the floor.  The VHS  quality was even worse.  On DVD the image is considerably sharper, colors  are more vibrant without bleeding.  The sound quality is also improved, and  there is a track in French.  (&quot;Monsieur Spock?&quot;  &quot;Oui,  Capitan Kirk?&quot;)  The trailer and behind the scenes featurette are a  bit more than Paramount's usual skimpy offering on its' DVDs.  But, more  would be welcome, even if the price were higher.  I read in  an interview  that Nimoy offerred to record a commentary track for FREE.  Why didn't  Paramount take him up on his offer?
B000002J0N|5.0|come on folks jump on board the ship! what an album, any thing at all, dark star, shadow captian. just a song before i go. give me a break people these guys were at the top of their game with this one. all i gotta here is  stills singing &quot;ahh&quot; to get me pumped.
0140441409|5.0|&quot;Begin each day by telling yourself: Today I shall be meeting with interference, ingratitude, insolence, disloyalty, ill will, and selfishness-all of them due to the offenders' ignorance of what is good or evil. But for my part I have long perceived the nature of good and its  nobility, the nature of evil and its meanness, and also the nature of the  culprit himself, who is my brother; therefore none of those things can  injure me, for nobody can implicate me in what is degrading&quot; (To  Himself, II.1).  This selection from &quot;Meditations&quot; (&quot;To  Himself&quot; was the original Greek title)captures so much of the essence  of this incredibly powerful book. Marcus Aurelius at times sounds more like  the Buddha, Lao Tzu, Hesiod, or James Allen than he does his Stoic  forerunners: proof once again that true wisdom resides in every man's heart  and mind and transcends the boundaries of time, place, ethnicity,and  doctrine. The job of the philosopher is to reintroduce his pupils to  THEMSELVES, and once the self is realized, the reality of the universe  becomes much clearer (&quot;evil&quot; derives from delusions)and the  temptations of excess and the fears of deprivation become less powerful.  These are true words to live by, more so now than they have ever been  before. Happiness can be found in simplicity; hard work DOES pay off; the  cooler head always prevails; immoderate  pleasures can kill and fear is  often unfounded. Marcus, like Buddha, was born in the lap of luxury, but he  was destined to hold a position in society for which he was not well suited  by virtue of his sensitive and studious nature: the ruler of an ancient and  corrupt civilization that dominated most of the known world.  &quot;Meditations&quot; is Marcus's attempt to cope with a life and a job  that he never really wanted. Thankfully, we can apply Marcus's self  conversation to the trials and tribulations of everyday life (the same can  not be said for most other volumes of Greco-Roman philosophy, and this is  especially the case with the over dogmatic Plato). I urge you to read this.  Once you do, I guarantee you will read it over and over again and it will  take its place on your list of personal, life changing favorites. One last  thought: keep in mind that Marcus was a pagan and don't let the fact that  Bill Clinton enjoyed the book sway you from buying it... For those  interested in the life of Marcus Aurelius the man, also read his biography  in  Volume 1 of the Loeb edition of the Scriptores Historiae Augustae.
B000007T1M|5.0|Okay, f**k the other reviews I've written.  &quot;System of a Down&quot; is THE BEST CD I'VE HEARD OF THIS HEAVY NATURE.  They absolutely have their own distinct sound that just made me pee in my pants!   NO, you WILL NOT  BE DISAPPOINTED unless you are an a**hole.
6305750750|5.0|At first the thought of the first three movies being made after the last three being a bad idea due to the already known plot.  (We knew Obi-Wan wouldn't die at the end of Episode I, or Anakin, or Amidala, or Palpatine,  or Yoda, or R2D2, or C3PO, or many others that are in 4,5, and 6)  But  after seeing this movie, it kinda is sad.  Anakinm this nice young  good-at-heart boy would turn to the dark side.  We all already know his  fate, and that is why it is so sad.  <br />I don't know why people hate this  movie.  Jar Jar Binks and the age difference between Queen Amidala and  Anakin are bad(they get married later, LOL), but the same ......force  behind the movie is the same as the originals.  With as high as the tension  and expecting of this movie was, I  see why people woudn't like it since it  was impossible to reach its hype.
B000002MY3|5.0|<BR>To some, Alanis Morissette comes off as \\"angry\\" on this album. I must contend that she expresses an air of indignation, rather than mere anger. Her disappointment with the hypocrisy, betrayal, connivance, oppression, and selfishness that is prevalent in this society colors the songs on Jagged Little Pill. The variety of societal ills she addresses on this album would understandably push one to the edge. <br />\\"You Oughta Know\\", as well as Track 13 following the interlude, conveys heartbreak and disappointment resulting from betrayal and connivance perpetrated by a significant other.<BR> \\"Perfect\\" addresses the injustice of expecting and demanding perfection from a child, and forcing them to fit a rigid mold constructed by the adult or to make up for the adult's shortcomings, at the expense of disregarding the child's feelings, needs and individuality. <BR> \\"Hand In My Pocket\\" advocates accepting one's Life as it is, appreciating yourself for who you are, and appreciating that which is going good for you, regardless of anything you may lack.<BR> \\"Head Over Feet\\"--A most BEAUTIFUL song of gratitude expressed in return for being appreciated; an ode to him who expresses appreciation for her. Alanis' harmonica sounds exquisite on this song and others, giving the music a notably pleasant flair. <BR> \\"Forgiven\\"--The message is, when it comes to religious matters, \\"Think for Yourself\\". Alanis uses rather brazen rhetoric to articulate this message, but hey, she gets her point across well. The hook:<br />We all had our reasons to be there. We all had a thing or two to learn. We all needed something to cling to...so we did.<br />(end hook)<br />\\"I sang hallelujah in the choir...<br />I confessed my darkest deeds to an envious man. My brothers--they never went blind for what they did, but I may as well have...<br />\\"What I learned, I rejected, but I believe again. Will I suffer the consequence of this inquisition? If I jump in this fountain, will I be forgiven?<br />\\"We allhad delusions in our heads. We all had our minds made up for us. We had to believe in something...so we did.\\"<br />I don't call that anger. I call it an elevated consciousness.
6304806426|5.0|I loved every part of it , especially acting by Binochet and Scott-Thomas. Scores are very successful and the scenes are exceptional
6303617719|2.0|Meg Ryan plays her standard role as marvelously as ever and singlehandedly earns those 2 stars, with an honorable mention to Jean Reno as the French cop. Everything and everyone else totally lacks credibility -- plot,  development, dialogue. Granted that Hollywood movies demand a suspension of  disbelief, but this is ridiculous. What's more, to a person who does speak  French, almost every scene in France is destroyed by the phony and  fractured French of the supposedly native French characters (except Anbeh  who performs creditably most of the time as Juliette, and of course the few  truly French members of the cast).
B00000IQMT|4.0|Williams has been away from the Star Wars universe for awhile, and it shows by (except for the main titles) avoidance of redundancy. Don't get me wrong, there's a certain style to Star Wars soundtrack music and it's here.  But two decades have leached away any tendency towards recycling that  composers of series film music tend to have when the flicks follow one  another fairly closely. The &quot;Augie's&quot; march theme at the end is  great--I was afraid that this example of music &quot;performed&quot; by  onscreen characters was going to be a &quot;Lapti Nek&quot; or  &quot;Cantina Band&quot; retread. There are only two examples of soundtrack  music that I can enjoy as music in their own right--the other is John  Barry's &quot;James Bond&quot; material. Owners of Williams' sountracks to  the original trilogy won't be disappointed here.
630575067X|1.0|Star Wars Episode I - The Phantom Menace has a lot of nice effects and scenes- but that`s about it. The movie is in no way on the same level as the 3 others. This movie is a children`s movie. That big rabbit look-a-like  (whose name I have merciful forgotten) can only very small children find  funny. He was stupid to watch for older viewers. The movie lacked a  purpose. It seems like the movie is made only so there could be 3 new Star  Wars movies.The movie starts on the Queen`s planet and ends there as well.  It is a circle going nowhere.  Even in a galaxy far,far away there should  be some kind of realism and I fear this film lacks that. A Queen of 14  years seems a bit young even for Star Wars. And that whole Anakin is Jesus  was too much for me. ( See the time when Anakin`s mother says that he was  born without a father, solemnly by the &quot;power of the Force&quot; of  something like that)
B000001ESJ|5.0|This is the best album/cd ever recorded. However, you must have a discerning ear to appreciate it. If you are a lover of music you must buy this CD. Break the songs down into their respective parts- then put it all  together and be prepared to be blown away.
0062502182|5.0|I have to read the Alchemist at least once or twice a year. It seems like an easy book, but when you read between the lines it goes beyond philosophy! Coelho is one of the great story tellers of our times. I always  recommend this book to my closest friends who seem lost or without a  purpose. The Alchemist is somewhat a cousin of Saint Exupery's &quot;The  Little Prince&quot;. I think it will remain as one of the great classics of  our times. The universal language is the main subject, and it teaches us  how to listen to our heart as well as to the signs. It is a great  inspiration for those who want to follow a dream or who are afraid to do  so. If you really fully appreciate this book, you will understand the  meaning of life.
B000000W94|5.0|If I had walked in while this album was playing and didn't already know who the artist is, I'd have bet the farm that it was Peter Green. That did not happen. I am already a Peter Green fan and was impressed with some  recent work that Gary Moore had done with Jack Bruce and Ginger Baker, so I  took a chance on Blues For Greeny. What an album! I like it all but if I  have to pick, I'd say that If You'll Be My Baby, Long Grey Mare, and Love  That Burns rank near the top. My favorite cut is the mournful instrumental  &quot;The Supernatural&quot; which has also been competently covered by the  great patriarch of White Blues, John Mayall. If you like Peter Green,  buying this album is a no-brainer. Enjoy!
B000002UCE|5.0|This still is my all-time #1 album by an ex-Beatle. It is impossible to imagine a world without IMAGINE. Even though the album's sound might not be perfect - his music was.
0440234743|2.0|I have read all of Grisham's books. The Testament is my least favorite, largely because it lacks the compelling story line of his previous works. Furthermore, the character development is not nearly as thorough as you  might expect of Grisham. As a result, it is difficult to feel &quot;in  touch&quot; with any of the characters. Also, the book tries to deal with  too many complex issues -- alcoholism, greed, the environment, probate --  and as a result, not one is fully developed. While the book is by no means  &quot;bad,&quot; it did not meet my expectations.
B000002MZ9|2.0|This is not Neil's best album, in fact probably the most mediocre (IMO).  He should have picked a different band to do a collaboration with than Pearl Jam.  PJ fans will probably like this.  Fans of Neil w/ Crazy Horse might  like it.  Those who like Harvest, Goldrush, etc. may not.
B00000J7JO|5.0|You all get off your butts and buy this CD!  The RHCP came here but i did not get to see it!  This CD is PERFECT. You have to buy it. Otherside is the best song. Rock On!
6305718903|4.0|I picked up this movie to see one of my favorite actors, Gabriel Byrne.  I was unexpectedly surprised by the intense plot, the intelligent writing, good directing and great acting.  I am a non-practicing Catholic and was  intrigued by all of the questions raised and dealt with in this movie.  I  have to admit, I watched it 3 times in as many days and could watch it  again.  It made me think.  I like that!  It will keep you interested and if  you like looking at Gabriel as much as I do, you will enjoy...
6305750750|3.0|Good movie with too much artificial animation. Disapointing, but worth seeing.<br />I'd give $20 for a DVD of this title, but the VHS tape doesn't interest me in the least.
0380002930|5.0|I love this book.  I read it last year, in 5th grade and I am asking for it for my birthday this year.  This is the best book I've ever read.  The plot is wonderful, and always changing.  The author holds your attention  for the whole thing.  The style of reading makes you want to read it again  and again.
0375420525|1.0|I heard the author interviewed on a radio talk show.  I was facinated by the thought of a house being bigger on the inside then on the outside. On the srtength of the interview I bought the book. I am 100 pages into it and  as much as i hate to, I am going to give up.
1884822312|5.0|I have found these chess problems to be brilliantly composed and logically ordered throughout the book.  If you are a master player or above, then these problems may seem a bit pedestrian to you.  Martin Greif's series of  chess puzzles put out by Sterling Publishing may offer higher rated players  a stiffer challenge.  On the other hand, for the vast majority of  tournament or casual players out there who may not be of such a high skill  level, me included, this massive volume containing over 1100 pages offers  an exceptional range of exercises at a fantastic value!  The problems in  this collection span the history of chess literature from 1140 to the  present, thus offering the reader the widest range of problems I have ever  seen.  Also included are over 100 short tactical games played by the Polgar  sisters.  Any chess library would be greatly enhanced by this collection!
6301697707|5.0|Don't know why the version shown on cable has the best elements of profanity &quot;edited&quot; - IF You just escaped being chomped by a carnivorous worm the way Val and Fred did, I'm sure you too would scream  out: &quot;**** YOU!&quot;<br />P.S. And that's probably the second best part  of this film. This is simply a lot of fun that can be watched over and over  again.
0767821769|3.0|My main reason for the low review was the story.  I found it hard to believe stepmom and X wife were interacting regularly to resolve issues regarding the kids.   I mean, you have a series of conflicts between the  two which finally lead to Julia's acceptance into the family?  Just didn't  add up.  I didn't find any of the events or all the events put together  fulfilling enough to justify the acceptance.  I don't know any stepmom that  would put up with half the stuff Julia's character did.  The DVD is fairly  decent.  The video transfer is good, the audio is nice and the extras are  ok.  But unless you're a big fan of Julia Robert's or Susan Sarandon's, I  don't see the point in watching this movie or purchasing it for that  matter.
630575067X|1.0|This was a terrible movie.  Technologically, it was kind of cool - and I liked the princess's costumes - but the story line was awful.  The ultimate postmodern experience - all form and glitz, with no substance.
6305537798|5.0|1. Sharp, witty, smart dialogue (unlike most teeny-bopper flicks). 2. It has a superb cast, like Julia Stiles, Heath Ledger, and Larissa Oleynick. 3. Great plot and update on classic play. 4. It mocks the stereotypes of  high school people. 5. It's the best teen flick since Clueless. 6. The  ending was great. 7. The school used in the movie that looked like a castle  was awesome! 8. The title was very original. 9. Kat recites a poem that  explains the title. 10. It's just a great movie! If you liked Clueless,  you'll love this one!
6305171769|1.0|This has to be one of the worst Halloween sequels I have ever seen. Why would they have Michael Myers wait 20 years? I mean I think that's a stupid idea (no offense). This movie wasn't that scary, there is only like about  two scenes that are scary but the rest of the movie sucks and it's so dumb.  I also can't beleive that they are busy making another one and I hope  that's the last Halloween movie. But if it is the last Halloween movie  please don't make anymore it's getting kind of annoying by the way they are  making so many sequels that don't turn out to be good. So if I were you I  would stick with the first one don't even bother of renting this movie  you'll be disappointed.
630575067X|5.0|I just don't understand? How could anyone hate this? This movie was great, and I definitly think it lived up to the hype. I know that Jar-Jar was in the movie for the younger audience, but I thought he was funny. He also by  far did not ruin the movie. Liam Neeson and Ewan McGregor did an excellent  job on acting. They both had to act like they were talking to Jar-Jar when  he wasn't even really there. That just shows you how good of actors they  are, though Ewan didn't do as good as Liam. Natilie Portman did a good job  and so did Jake Lyold, but he can't act as good as the boy in The Sixth  Sense, but he still did a good job. The guy who played Darth Maul( I think  his name is Ray Park) was so cool. Instead of just standing there and  fighting like Darth Vader in the previous Star Wars, Darth Maul is doing  all these moves with his lightsaber and doing flips in the air that are  amazing. I bet it took a lot of practice for Liam, Ewan, and Ray to do the  lightsaber duel at the end of the movie, since Ray had to teach the two  first. I just wish Darth Maul was in the movie more. The special effects  are just about the best I've ever seen in a movie, with great character and  landscape detail. The critics don't know what there talking about, and you  people complaining need to just sit down and enjoy it. If you don't like  this movie, your either not a true Star Wars fan, or you just plain don't  like movies. May the Force be with you.
6305750750|1.0|A major disappointment for all movie lovers and Star Wars fans. Granted, the movie it self is 3 stars or more, but the VHS tape is not worth buying at all and disgraces the movie even further (having Jar-Jar contribute the  most to it's shame). George Lucas, why are you wasting everyone's time with  such substandard media? Trying to sell us the VHS tape of SW:PM makes  yourself and all of LUCAS INDUSTRIES look like penny pinchers. Money isn't  everything, especially when you've got fans that have lasted 20 and more  years with you. Sheesh.
0671042858|4.0|I teach fiction in Manhattan.  My students are very sophisticated, and they will only reluctantly admit they read Stephen King (who absolutely influenced me--I read all his books up until the time I was in 9th Grade).  That's too bad.  This story is so well told, and King's sense of plot is so  muscular that it chugs along even when parts of it don't quite make sense.  (It seems unlikely to me, for example, that the novel's protagonist,  Trisha, would make the connections and leaps that she does; would a  9-year-old realize, for example, that it was the water that made her sick?)  The ending is a bit confusing, thematically.  We didn't realize that  Trisha identified so strongly with the absent father, so the exclusion of  the mother in that final epiphany feels a bit off.  But these are minor  quibbles.  The conflict and character development in this book are so  strong that every novellist wannabe should check it out.  They'll probably  enjoy the trip, too.
6305750750|1.0|A major disappointment for all movie lovers and Star Wars fans. Granted, the movie it self is 3 stars or more, but the VHS tape is not worth buying at all and disgraces the movie even further (having Jar-Jar contribute the  most to it's shame). George Lucas, why are you wasting everyone's time with  such substandard media? Trying to sell us the VHS tape of SW:PM makes  yourself and all of LUCAS INDUSTRIES look like penny pinchers. Money isn't  everything, especially when you've got fans that have lasted 20 and more  years with you. Sheesh.
B00000IPAX|5.0|Wow! An awesome CD! It has great guitar and drum work! I don't see why it has Parental Advisory on it. Sure it has some bad language and curse words, but it's not bad enough for Parental Advisory. You Blink 182 fans will love  this CD!
B00000J7JO|5.0|ive always found that the chilli peppers have had one or 2 good songs on each cd but i loved this whole cd - the tunes are so catchy and they flow so nicely
0553208845|3.0|Having re-read Siddhartha recently, I am still of the opinion that Hesse is very much stronger on his own ground. This particular journey into Eastern literature and mysticism lacks a strong foundation and I do not feel that Hesse is comfortable at all on such distant terrain. Siddhartha  is a lacklustre figure by comparison with his European models and I do not  think that we (nor Hesse for that matter) can come away from the book with  much sense of discovery. There should be the right kind of scene available  here for Hesse to show us his ineffable poetic qualities.  Somehow he  misses the beat, I don't know why, and we are left with a sense of his not  having quite established the meaning (that seems nonetheless, to be all  around him), in a way for readers to understand. It may be that I fell in  love with a Western Hesse too soon, which I did, but I do not see the  magic, and certainly not the Hesse magic, in this, of all his novels.
0451160916|5.0|If you want to be Haughnted, this book is the nuts. It's a longin' but a goodin' and it be readin' with the quickness.
0671027344|5.0|in my life time, which isnt that long. that is the best book i have ever read. the emotions charlie expressed and felt were so real to me. i love this book
B000002UDG|5.0|Although I love this collection of Paul McCartney's greatest hits, I'm disappointed that Maybe I'm Amazed is missing, it would've been great to add the LIVE version.  Oh well, at least we have this to listen to.  This  fits in nicely beside his LIVE Wings Over America set and Band On The Run.   Highly recommended.
B000002GFC|5.0|Cream was definitely an important band &amp; this album proves it.  All of their best stuff is here and it's the only collection you'll really need, especially if you're just getting into their music.  Highly recommended.
B000021Y74|5.0|Forget the cool german hi-techno music ( alone worth the viewing) and forget the subtitles; they are really unnecesary! This is about when desperation and hopelessness are offset by what human love will do to ward  off the inevitable. Lola runs - man, does she run, and would that we could  have such a runner on our side!<br />Lola runs for and against all those  things we write off to fate, but Lola runs to erase fate. Lola runs with  one purpose in mind - love will find a way! <br />Love will find a way where  there is no way. Love will find a way where there is no hope. Love will  find a way becuase that is what love does. <br />Love is the joker in the  deck. Love says &quot;I recognize no rules!&quot; Love doesn't give up and  neither does Lola! <br />Run, Lola, Run. For when Lola runs, resignation and  surrender have met their match! <br />Leave it to those cold-blooded germans  to remind us what love is all about! <br />This movie say in the most  simplistic terms ( with some existiantial variations) that when it come to  true love, fate and the universe are but a minor hurdle to leap  over! <br />This is a movie of desperation; it leaves no time for analysis.  It tells us love must act, not think! See it!
B0000024K1|5.0|Simply the best.  Public Enemy is still one of the only bands of any kind making any kind of music that makes a worthwhile statement.  I wish that the kids that listened to the beastie boys and thought that it was  &quot;deep&quot; would listen to this record.  The suburbs are terrifying.
B00004SVGE|5.0|One more great album by Diana. Her choice of songs and varied singing moods along with her excellent jazz piano makes her the best thing to come along since the days of Stan Kenton and June Christy.
B000002UB3|5.0|Abbey Road was a fabulous finish for the fab four as proven here on this album.  When I first bought the album 31 years ago there were a few cuts I wasn't too crazy about, but after playing it several times from beginning  to end(without skipping tracks)I came to appreciate them more.  This is  highly recommended for your Beatles collection.
B00000K19E|3.0|The hype about this film is unwarranted.   True, there are some excellent special effects - realistic ones, but many are too false eg gunfight in hall with pillars when gunfire too easily splinters junks of concrete and  it falls like polystyrene - as it is.   The storyline is somewhat boring,  and I fell asleep during twice trying to view the whole film;  the third  occasion I managed to stay the course but only by fast-forwarding the  chunks of dialogue which apart from being boring were also too far-fetched  to be believable.   In all the film was much like the Curates egg - a mixed  bag - some good some bad.   I am in my 60s and have viewed many hundreds of  films and, generally, I agree the average viewing star-rating.   This time  I did not.
B000002UAO|5.0|Rubber Soul is one of their most important albums, especially as they were still experimenting with their sounds.  Thankfully producer George Martin let them have carte blanche in the studio, letting them try out different  instruments, sound effects &amp; overdubbing.  This is a must have not just  for Beatles fans but for anyone that collects great rock &amp; roll.   Highly recommended.
0783242808|5.0|I'm from Germany and I saw American Pie in the US last summer 4 times. I don't want to say more than that this is the best movie I ever saw! These different people with the same problem - I think anybody can identify  himself with one of them. To all of you thinking about buying this tape:  BUY IT!
B000002U82|5.0|For sure you couldn't put the radio on during senior year of high school in 1973 without hearing selections from this album.  When it first came out everyone talked about it next day &amp; having it on 8-track was as popular  as having it on vinyl.  Thank God 8-tracks fizzled out fast! Anyway, like  most other reviewers I agree this is a classic(how overused is that  word)album and it's highly recommended.
B0000024K1|5.0|Let's see, aren't we supposed to get wiser with age?  Why is it then, that Public Enemy still sounds better than 90% of rap artists out there today?  This record is simply phenomenal.  For starters, the beats are incredible.   No drum machines churning out the same four bar beats.  This is real  genius.  Now, add on to that the fact that each song's lyrics are  intelligent and carry a message.  This album has no gimmicks.  No MTV  videos with big budgents and scantily clad women hanging around rappers  with endless cash and cars- just plain great music.<br />Certain albums from  each genre of music are classics and transcend the passage of time.  In  hip/hop, Public Enemy's &quot;It Takes A Nation of Millions to Hold Us  Back&quot; is unsurpassed and unmatched.  Only Dr. Dre's &quot;The  Chronic&quot; could even come close.
6305750750|5.0|Ok...Obviously the DVD version of the new (if not all of them) Star Wars movie would've been astonishing, but let's not forget what are we rating here. If you didn't want the video and were hoping for the DVD, well, TOO  BAD. Snap out of it, why did you bought the video then?  I believe that  this was the best Star Wars film yet (in terms of visual effects and sound)  and a whole amazing experience. The widescreen edition is superb. I bought  both editions (widescreen and Pan n Scan) so I could live the experience in  all the ways that I can. Of course I'll buy the DVD version when it's  released, but let's enjoy what's here right now while we wait for Episode  II.
0783240503|5.0|I just finished watching this video production, and all I have to say is, Go, Go, Go, Joseph!  The whole production kept me in awe and goosebumps. Donny Osmond takes the role of Joseph and definately makes it his own. I've  seen him in all of his forms: Bubble Gum Teen Idol, 80s Rock Star, and now  this. Actually, when he performed, I totally forgot this was the same guy  who was &quot;a little bit rock n roll&quot;. Would I call this a  &quot;family musical&quot;? Hard to say. There are some racy scenes in it,  but nothing like extreme. I just took it as a fun experience. My favorite  number has to be &quot;Go, Go, Go, Joseph&quot;. The number kept me in awe.  Maria Freidman was also good as The Narrator. She makes sure you come along  and stay along for the ride. Pick this one up and enjoy the show.
B00000K2SC|5.0|&quot;The Matrix&quot;, for all its unique plot variations, is a simple tale of man wanting more &quot;than just this&quot;. We look at the stars at night and go through the motions each day on a small dot within the  incomprehensible vastness of space and tell ourselves that there must be  something else besides just going through the motions. &quot;The  Matrix&quot; offers a theory that reality is an illusion. We gravitate to  the message, but ignore the foundation from which the theory is derived.  We'd much prefer to believe our lives are pre=programmed and are a grand  illusion than to accept biological finiteness and responsibility for our  actions. Blame it on the machines we ourselves create - gotta love  it! <br />A great movie with wonderous techno-effects, but one wonders why so  many gravitate to a movie which has at its premise that reality is a  facade. <br />I give it five stars not because of its message, but because it  is entertainment at its best. Yet, at the same time, its popularity  disturbs me because so many wish it wasn't entertainment, but truth.  <br />Have we come so far that we desire to negate ourselves so quickly?  Wiping a child's tear away or hugging a loved one does more to compensate  for the alienation of the modern world than wishing &quot;The Matrix&quot;  to be true.
6305750750|3.0|I dont understand why George Lucas is not ready to release TPM on DVD or LD, at least on LD,like he did with the Special Edition. A man who earns so much money, is only interested in making more profit. He could have  released the LD at least in the US to satisfy those who have a LD-Player  and not the Japanese Version with Subtitles but nevertheless, for everyone  who wants to experience the real Star Wars feeling, they have to wait until  Spring 2006. Shame on you George Lucas.
B00000J7RZ|5.0|Sorry, but my opinion is that Jennifer Lopez is a very talented young woman who can sing with a caliber yet to be reached by others in the music industry. I enjoyed listening to all of the songs, and I feel that her singing voice is just as beautiful as she is. I will remain anonymous  because it's irrelevant who I am.<br />I enjoyed all the songs and I felt that  some people said she wasn't good enough, but they are just trying to bring  down someone who is gifted and not just another money-raker.
6303686745|5.0|Just the thought still haunts me!
0395389496|5.0|Chris Van Allsburg's creation of his children's book, The Polar Express is intriguing and thought-provoking.  The illustrations invite the reader into a world full of magic; they are so magical in fact, that the reader must distinguish between dream and reality as the story progresses.  The shape  of the book itself is distinctly elongated.  In creating this horizontal  dimension, the images are distorted.  Throughout the book, the  illustrations appear as though one is in a dream, or that hazy, blurry look  that comes from looking at an object when you are not fully awake.  Van  Allsburg over-emphasizes this look in his wolf picture.  One of the pages  contains three wolves in the forest.  Behind them, the Polar Express  thunders by, causing two of the wolves to stop in their tracks and watch  the train.  Because the wolves are so close to the viewer's eye, the train  looks even longer than the page should permit.  To show contrast to the  width of the train, the tops of the vertical trees are abruptly cut off to  emphasize the broad space the train needs to travel through the forest.  This illustration forces the reader to wonder whether the boy is going into  a dream state, or if he is actually on his way to the North Pole. The first  illustration, sandwiched between the title, author, and publisher, is that  of a wolf in motion with a blurred image of a train in the background.  The  illustration foreshadows a long journey to somewhere not yet known.  The  wolf symbolizes a strong sense of mystery that urges the reader to proceed  onward, for if one lags behind, the wolf will follow the train and leave  the reader behind.  If the illustrations fail to gain readers' interests,  the story will surely capture their attention.  Since the text itself is  inviting and innocent, by the end of the book, readers start to question  their own belief of what is real and what is imaginary.  Van Allsburg  believes there is a point at which dreams become real.  This could explain  the last illustration of the book.  Instead of the hazy or blurry  illustrations that come before it, the last page is a perfect, clear photo  of the bell off of Santa's sleigh.  Once again, the last illustration  forces the reader to look at the story as either the imaginary genius of a  boy who is asleep, or a lucky boy who has a grand adventure.  Still, the  reader must decide.lain  the last illustration of the book.  Instead of the hazy or blurry  illustrations that come before it, the last page is a perfect, clear photo  of the bell off of Santa's sleigh.  Once again, the last illustration  forces the reader to look at the story as either the imaginary genius of a  boy who is asleep, or a lucky boy who has a grand adventure.  Still, the  reader must decide.
B000002KKX|5.0|I could fall in love all over again to any of the tracks on Cristopher Cross' self-titled masterpiece &quot;Cristopher Cross&quot;. The title says it ALL for me. CC is the most sensitive of all adult easy-listening composers (except maybe for Peter Cetera (what a duet combo that would  make, eh?)). Many of my peers think I have odd musical tastes for a 17  year-old boy, but I just tell them, &quot;This dude knows a lot about  romance and stuff.&quot; Maybe there is something he could teach you...
B00000JCOV|5.0|Do you like that rock/rap style that the Beastie Boys started, and Limp Bizkit and Korn have perfected?  Ready to take it a step further? ;) Slipknot combines rappish lyrics and beat (along with mixing and sampling)  with the lead vocals of Pantera and the deep, guttural guitar riffs of doom  metal (ie. Metallica).  The lyrics, while having a rap cadence to them,  mostly talk of death, pain, and suffering, just like any doom metal band  would.  But throw in a bit of that rap beat and cadence, and you have  something entirely different.  These are 8 guys from Iowa, of all places,  but these aren't any farm boys I've ever known!  I highly recommend this  CD.  To Korn fans: Think there's nothing better than Korn out there?   Slipknot may just have them beat.
B00004RE7C|5.0|This is not one of the best films but it is truely a Trek adventure.  This film follows the events of The Wrath of Khan albeit in a more dramatic and somber manner.  The DVD version of this film is outstanding.  The overall  quality is superb!  The Search For Spock can now finally be seen in all its  glory. The film transfer as well as the audio are outstanding!  This  doesn't help the plot however it does enhance the viewing experience and  makes this film enjoyable.
B000009ED0|3.0|I bought Kid Rock's latest based on the songs I'd heard on the radio (Bawitdaba, Cowboy, I am a Bullgod, Only God Knows Why).  That was kind of a mistake.  He has some other good ones on there, but for the most part,  it's just another rap/rock album, with lots of unnecessary language, and  songs about partying, pot smoking, and drinking.  Know I'm not saying  there's anything wrong with any of these forms of  &quot;entertainment&quot;, but a song about them...ne, an entire cd about  them is rather pointless, not to mention shallow.  My recommendation is to  tape the songs off the radio or buy the cd singles...but unless you like  rap, don't invest in the whole thing.
B0000027RL|5.0|to date, the best album i have ever plunked down a benjamin for.  stirring!
B000001EXR|5.0|Ok.  There are 3 cds that are never not with me.  1. Sebastian Bach-Bring Em Bach Alive.  2. Motley Crue-Generation Swine.  3. Kiss-Carnival Of Souls.  This cd is just a perfect album.  If there were 8 stars, this would  earn it.  This is my fave Kiss lineup(Kiss purists be damned, there is  nothing pure about Kiss).  Eric Singer and Bruce Kulick are excellent  musicians.  The music is darker.  No Rock N Roll All Nite here but great  experiments.  I will try not to get too into detail.  The album leads off  with &quot;Hate&quot;, a great heavy crunching tune with excellent gritty  vocals from the Demon himself.  &quot;Rain&quot; and &quot;Tell Me&quot;  are two Paul songs that would surprise someone who thinks &quot;Love  Gun&quot; when thinking of the Starchild.  He sounds very good and these  are heavy tunes with heavy content.  &quot;Childhood's End&quot; follows  that up with Gene recalling an old friend.  Sound mushy?  Check out the  line, &quot;It said you were smiling when you blew your mind.&quot;   That'll teach you.  The single &quot;Jungle&quot; is a dark song about the  streets.  Paul's vocals are superb and the song was a big hit on radio.   Skipping around further, finds 2 of my fave tunes: &quot;Seduction Of The  Innocent&quot; and &quot;I Confess&quot;.  These two songs are openly  commenting about religion which, as any member of the Kiss army knows, is  not something they like.  The songs are amazing lyrics from guys who it was  said could not write a serious song.  The other tunes rock as well.   especially Bruce Kulick's lead vocal debut on &quot;I Walk Alone&quot;.  He  is very good in this new role.  &quot;Im The Mirror&quot;, &quot;In My  Head&quot; I could go on and on.  This cd is amazing.  Lyrically a  progression and musically.  I do not like the grunge comparisons.  It is  darker, but not at all Pearl Jam.  People who like Revenge and especially  the song &quot;Unholy&quot;(which is a fave amng many) will love this cd.   Too good for my words.  All I can say is, I mentioned 3 albums at the  beginning of this review.  All in your face up your ass lewd crude Rock N  Roll fans should check out those three.  It begins here.  You wanted the  best....
B000023VR6|4.0|I went on vacation with a friend of mine and her brother had this CD. I took it from him to listen to it and would NOT take it out of my CD player or stop listening to it! I love this CD and Dr. Dre is an awesome artist.  All the people that he features on this album (especially Eminem!) are  awesome and the Cd is great!
0783240503|4.0|After the intial shock of the transition to movie from theatre, the overall presentation is delighfully funny. Donny Osmond provides an outstanding performance and the brothers provide hilarious comic relief.   Though many sets and scenes are a bit gaudy and cheap,when those are looked  past, the powerful lyrics are once again chilling and wonderful.  A definte  buy for any true Joesph fan, though not for the first timers who must see  the stage show to really understand the Joesph magic.
B000002KCC|5.0|This album is brilliant for those who are enthusiasts.
B00003Q438|5.0|This movie is spectacular. Great story, great acting, and great special effects.  This movie has some of the most powerful scenes I can think of.  The scene of Bud (Ed Harris) and his wife trying to decide who gets the  helmet for air while the submarine fills with water is incredible.  Just as  incredible is, what I believe to be the climax, when Bud descends down into  the abyss.  This is perfect filmmaking in my eyes. Not to mention that this  DVD has more extra features than anyone would ever need, including an  incredible documentary.  I would HIGHLY recommend this DVD to anyone that  came a-knockin'.
B00000DC7L|5.0|Another World says it all!  It is so refreshing to hear from Brian May again!  I'm  glad he decided to continue his career and do this CD.  I could almost hear Queen in the background of several of the songs.  Brian  proves that he not only is one of the world's best guitarists but that he  has a voice that can match.        I'm glad he decided, (Why Don't We Try  It Again), because he is definately, (On My Way Up), he's not going to,  (Slow Down), going, (All The Way From Memphis), back to England, and on to,  (Another World).       It would really be hard to choose a favorite song  from this new material, I would have to say all of them!  I feel much  richer in every way, by adding (Another World) to my collection! I hope you  will too!
B00000JCOV|5.0|I herd Slipknot 4 the first time eva around only 4 weeks ago, the very next day I ordered the album slipknot slipknot. I luv em, these 9 guyz R the best thing that eva happened 2 recording(shown by this album). Each  track will take U away &amp; let U explore toatle music. N E 1 who dislikes  these guyz obviously just doesnt no wot music really Iz !
0780626966|4.0|One, two... Freddy needs you. Three, four, he's in yourstore. Five, six, you'll get all flicks, seven, eight... there is disceight. Nine, ten...  he's in your den!<br />Excuse my little rhyme there, but in the spirit of Freddy. This is a very good DVD collection. You get all 7 movies, plus the very interesting 8th disc containing all sorts of goodies. The picture quality on the movies are very good, and the new Dolby Digital 5.1 tracks give the movies a whole new depth. The extras and overall quality is great. The DVD editions makes the series look better than ever (except perhaps on the big screen). <br />The commentary tracks are good and informative, all the trailers are in Dolby Digital 5.1. Very good indeed. If you like these movies, and have a DVD. This is a very good buy.  END
B00002MZ2C|1.0|You call this music?  A bunch of people screaming into a microphone...is it something you really like or you claim you like just because other people have said its cool.  The &quot;singer&quot; has the an annoying  screechy voice.  This cd is the worst cd ever, save your money and go buy  some real music that won't leave you deaf.
0679882820|5.0|I've bought board books and soft books (without words) to read to my 4-month old.  This is the only book that makes her laugh.  The first time I read it to her she was in hysterics.  I've never seen her laugh so much.  Although she had no idea what I was reading, the sounds really got her  going.  It's a book I'll read to her every night until she stops laughing!
0446310786|5.0|I am not a reader, but right when I opened this book my freshman year of high school, it was wonderful. The adventures of Scout, Jem and Dill are amazing. Scout relates to a lot of girls who are &quot;Tom Boys&quot; like I used to be. The mysterious Boo Radley makes you want to continue reading, as he hides more and more things in the tree. The Ewell's were a horrible  family... Dirty, and really rude people... I thought this book was written extremely well, in  fact, next to The Great Gatsby, this has got to be one of my favorite  books. You should reasd this book when you get the chance.
0380002930|5.0|Libby Springmeyer W131<br /> The novel Watership Down is an excellent tale about a group of rabbits' adventures in finding a new homeland for themselves.  It sets examples of courage, strength, trust, and hope. It is  intriguing how the rabbits go against all odds as they set forth on their  journey to find a safe place for them to live.  The most interesting thing  about this story is the way the rabbits look at death.  They believe in the  Black Rabbit of Inle, which is \\"fear and everlasting darkness.\\" The black  rabbit will come and get you when it is your time to go with him, when it  is your time to die.  It is said that \\"he will come in the night and call a  rabbit by name.\\" When one goes with him, they will have no more pain, be  rid of all their weaknesses, they will be free.  This black rabbit is  thought to be working with the Lord Frith, which is their lord.  They work  together to bring about what was meant to be.  Both the Black Rabbit and  their Lord Frith were spoken of continuously in the story, which shows  concern for death, and their belief in the heavens. The rabbits in the  story have souls just like human's do, which is why I enjoyed this book so  much.  I believe everyone with an imagination should read this book.
B00000K19E|5.0|This is probably the best acting by Keanu Reeves I have ever seen.  The character he plays (Neo) is realistic and it harminizes with the storie's mood.  Special effects are the obvious attraction of this movie.  They are  very innovative.   The plot of the story is very interesting, it gives new  directions for the sci-fi category.  What I really liked about this movie  was the mood, the despair of the human kind with all the limitations of  human mind.  The situation that the human race found itself in the near  future requires a totally new way of thinking, it forces people to explore  new possibilities and as usually we were up for that challange.  It shows  the downfalls and the hope for the future.  It is definetly a movie worth  watching.
6305657939|1.0|Essentially a remake of the 1969 Steve McQueen thriller, thisfilm was supposedly closer to the content of the original novel. Italso showed some promise because of its director, John McTiernan, who is known for his share of effective thrillers (Die Hard, Predator, Hunt for Red October.)<br />The story here is a simple one; Brosnan is a rich executive who grows bored with his excessive wealth, so much so that he ... Rene Russo is a mid-western insurance investigator sent to unravel the mystery of the missing painting. It doesn't take long before she figures out that... By the film's mid-point, the pair are already involved romantically (who is using who?), and as she grows closer to cracking the case, he finds himself offering her several substantial bribes to ... and run away with him. The offer is tempting, only because she suspects he's really a lonely man and is sincere with his romantic overtures.<br />Sounds more interesting than it really is. Very little happens in this movie that we haven't seen already in much better films. Russo's character works with the New York Police on this case, but they seem to offer little to her investigation beyond stereotypical movie badgering.  Brosnan offers even less to this part beyond staring off into the distance and squinting a lot. So far, the range I've seen him exhibit in his big screen offerings have been two: passive disinterest and aggressive disinterest. Maybe women find him charming, but I have yet to what would qualify him for a more masculine, tough role such as James Bond.<br />And Rene Russo? She looks great here, but it isn't long before the story requires her to begin inserting gratuitous topless scenes. So we get Rene topless on a marble stairway...Rene topless in a beach-front house ...Rene topless on a cold beach where the temperature seems to be hovering near a chilly 50 degrees. It's too bad that a script that should've called for a sophisticated, elegant woman was reduced to a 1970's soft-core drive-inrole. For that, McTiernan should be sucker-punched.<br />And corporate sponsorships aplenty--this movie is full of them! One scene has everyone stopping dead in their tracks while Rene empties a can of PEPSI-ONE in one guzzle! (Man, look at that babe drink!) There's even a nifty boat race that seems to be sponsored by Lucent Technology (as apparent by the huge, painted banner.) It's not bad enough these corporate tools cause aggravation in my daily life -- now I get to go cheer them on in their latest big-screen adventure!<br />All in all, a lackluster film, filled with performances by people who truly didn't seem particularly attracted to each other, as they skirt around exotic locations and eat better foods and wear finer clothes than I'll probably experience in my lifetime. Watching this movie didn't make me feel anything except maybe a little contempt for being an American. That's something I never want to feel, and certainly don't want to pay good money to experience.  END
B000009QPE|3.0|This album is considerd by many to be Slayer's best. It's fast, heavy, brutal and evil, some of the songs on here are classics, and for many, this is the album that represents everything Slayer's supposed to be. I  completely disagree. I've been a Slayer fan for almost ten years and to me,  this album is the most boring of the bunch.  The album starts off sweet,  with Angel of Death -- a crunching anthem about the horrors of the  holocaust -- and ends with Raining Blood, which is typical of Slayer's  Clive Barker type horror metal (which is cheesy but never gets old for some  reason). In between there's not much to offer. Not only is this album very  short (at about 30 mins) but there's nothing very original going from song  to song. I don't regret buying this album, I just regret that it's not  better.
B00000AFGM|5.0|WOW...WOW...WOW....WOW....WOW!   I love this album.  I love Marilyn Manson, I discovered the band back in 1995.  I lead a sheltered life I suppose, and that is the earliest he really hit the area where I live.  And  God, did I love Anti-Christ Superstar. PHENOMENAL!   However, I feel this  is the album Manson really wanted to make.  You could really tell he was  completly and totally into making this album.  I mean, Superstar was really  to shock people and to wake them up...But this record was to show the world  what he was capable of.
B00001ZWTT|1.0|Although they advertise a music video, this feature is not with the movie
6305428220|4.0|I live in Ohio, and that is the state that the Faculty was set in.  It is alwasy interesting to me when movies are set in ohio, but filmed elsewhere.  That aside, I really did like this movie, though it is a ripe off of many  other movies.  True, most will not like the very vulgar dialouge, but it is  only a movie.  The actors are fresh and interesting.  They keep the viewer  wanting more, and feeling what they feel. I recommend this movie  to  sci-fi/horror fans.
0812589041|5.0|THE BEST BOOK EVER.  IF YOU DO NOT READ IT THEM YOU SHOULD BE MAD AT YOURSELF.
0792844882|5.0|There are bad movies and then there are bad movies which are so bad thier fascinating to watch over and over again.Who knew Verhoven could direct such a diabolical piece of trash?  Who would have thought Berkley would  ever play such a part(Im sure she was trying to distance herself from her  Saved By The Bell image)?  This movie is fascinating in that its portrayed  as a serious drama but it all comes out in a very funny way.Terrible acting  all around and a truly bad script.This is the Plan 9 From Outer Space of  the nineties.
630575067X|5.0|I saw this movie in theaters once and I never forgot any of the special scenes. It was excellent. Seeing new heroes, new villains, and lots of new advantures. I have to say it's way better than the Star Wars that we know  today. Everyone, give this 5 stars everytime you see it.
0792844882|1.0|There are bad movies and then there are bad movies which are sobad thier fascinating to watch over and over again.Who knew Verhovencould direct such a diabolical piece of trash?  Who would have thoughtBerkley would ever play such a part(Im sure she was trying to distance herself from her Saved By The Bell image)?  This movie is fascinating in that its portrayed as a serious drama but it all comes out in a very funny way.Terrible acting all around and a truly bad script.This is the Plan 9 From Outer Space of the nineties.
B000002UDB|3.0|This is what you get when you try to do better.  This release is great but if you follow the Beatles it is not the best. Even if you don't find this to your liking, you have to have it in your collection.  Songs like  &quot;Magical Mystery Tour&quot;, &quot;The Fool On The Hill&quot;,  &quot;Strawberry Fields forever&quot; and &quot;All You Need Is Love&quot;  are enough to get this.  <br />The only reason I feel this is not of better  quality is what came before and after.  Get this one and have fun with it.
B000002MFE|4.0|I know it's hard to believe that a middle-aged woman would just now be discovering the wonder of EC, but that's my story. Unplugged started me on the road to sharing wonderful new experiences with my husband.  My husband  has been a big fan of Cream/Clpaton for years and he's delighted that I  have discovered Clapton and through him Cream.  <br />Clapton has managed to  communicate so much of the human experience on this recording. The soulful  sounds pulled me in and held me; the blues rocked me.  San Francisco Bay  Blues made me laugh. Running on Faith has become my newest theme song.   Hey, Hey and Old Love puts me in a &quot;mellow mood.&quot; Whether  performing his own songs or interpreting the works of others, Clapton seems  to be able to find the hook that attaches to emotions and memories in  others.  You can find the evidence in every song on the Unplugged CD.   Strange that even the blues can make one feel good.<br />Since buying  Unplugged, I've bought the Cream of Clapton and From the Cradle and was not  disappointed with either.  On the contrary, the more I hear of Clapton the  deeper my appreciation for his work. <br />Unplugged (and others) feed me  while I write.  Sometimes in the evening when we are listening to Unplugged  my spouse gets out either his Martin 12 string or his Taylor and jams along  while we have a Clapton fest.<br />I'm only sorry I didn't find Clapton  sooner.
0783240503|5.0|&quot;Jospeph&quot; is wonderful entertainment! I was enthralled and watched it several  times! The most wonderful part was the blend of voices between Maria as the Narrator and Donny Osmond. A must see.
0375420525|3.0|I have read this book and there is some truth in both the good and bad reviews.  Read the reviews, look at the book and decide for yourself.  How much you enjoy yourself with House of Leaves will, I think, be largely a  matter of temperment.
B00000K19E|5.0|Let's see here: mind blowing special effects, impressive story line, a little romance, deception, suprizes, everything a good Bond movie has and so much more. I'd say so.
B00001OH1S|3.0|Mostly what would be expected from a modern soundtrack - smooth and full of panache, but lacking in content. Why, why, WHY is this CD so short? the music in the film is once again (as with so many others) not fully  represented - for example, there is NOTHING of the lengthy dance-seduction  latin numbers featured both in the trailer AND the film (&quot;Do you wanna  dance, or do you wanna dance?&quot;) Also, the disc ends without having a  real ending - yes, the film is slick; yes, the music is slick; yes, Sting  is fantastic; but why can't the CD have some production thought behind it?  end it with a song, not a mid-air underscore. Frankly I'm a little  disappointed with this as an overall musical experience.
0375701427|5.0|Phillip Roth has written a follow-up to &quot;Sabbath's Theater&quot;.  This time the protagonist is the &quot;anti-Sabbath&quot;.  &quot;Swede&quot; Levov is a man who just wants his share of the American  Dream.  He is a Jew who looks like the Aryan ideal, a sports hero in  school, a successful businesman who marries an all-American beauty queen  and lives in a perfect house in the exurbs.  As his carefully crafted life  smashes headlong into the radicalism of the 60's, and his daughter commits  an unspeakable act, Swede is left to wonder how he could have done  everything right and had it all go horribly wrong.<br />This book is way up  there on my list of depressing novels.  You're not going to feel good after  reading it, but the book will stay in your mind for a long, long time.   Swede's trials rival those of Job.  They are truly biblical in their scope.   Swede hasn't the vitality, juice and life-force of Roth's Sabbath. Unlike  Sabbath, Swede lived by the rules and the rules let him down.  A book you  won't soon forget.
B000002UB3|5.0|It was their last album.  If a group called the Bealtes never existed, and this album were released today, it would soar to the top of the charts.  It is as fun to listen to now as it was then.  From the group that has outsold  all the rest to this day, they did save the best for last.
0553108034|5.0|I was glad to see Martin did not lose the momentum of his story in this second book, the sequel to _A Game of Thrones_ which I also loved.  This book is every bit as gripping as the first, and I could barely stand to  close it until I had finished.  And when I had finished, I was sorry there  wasn't any more!  :)   I await the next book in the series impatiently, and  I'm sure I'm not alone in that.
0380796090|2.0|A big disappointment after Lucy Sullivan.  Her clothes are too tight, she drinks too much, and, worst of all, she doesn't know who she is or what she wants.  It is hard to feel much empathy for the new mother who stars in this novel.
B00000G3PA|1.0|Just what the world needed was another dumb, thin, multi-million, big-name actor, huge visual fx epic extravaganza to satisfy our brain-dead needs.  The problem with this one is that the plot, which involves, get this,  sending average blue-collar oil diggers to go into space and, get this, to  blow a comet up and save the world, is what keeps this from being the least  bit exciting.  And really, who would put the fate of the world in Bruce  Willis' hands?  Only the President of the United States, played by the  sadly miscast, normally respectable Billy Bob Thornton.  In some parts of  the movie, I couldn't help but notice that there was flying debris that  mysteriously came from nowhere, and had absolutely no significance to  anything that was happening.  The only purpose of these scenes was to  increase the already insanely high decibel level.  Add in some sappy  romance, some buffoons, last-second timing, and shameless flag waving, and  you have the most unoriginal movie in the history of mankind.  That the  movie made millions just proves the end of the world is coming.
6305603847|5.0|A masterpiece of sound and music
6305750750|4.0|As a huge Star Wars fan I was very excited about this movie and I was not disappointed at all when I saw it in the theatres.  I was disappointed when I got my Widescreen Special Edition on video and noticed at least 4 (so  far) scenes that were in the theatre but NOT on the video.  They aren't  major scenes and won't be missed if you didn't see it in the theatres, but  it would have been nice if they were there. Other than that, this movie is  a wonderful prelude to the entire Star Wars saga.
6304140428|5.0|The finest work of both Taylor and Burtons careers is fitting employed in this incredibly powerful play.  Such a compelling story at your first viewing, yet complex and fascinating enough for you return to the play over  and over again. If you never see another Taylor Burton film make sure you  see this!
630575067X|5.0|Full marks to George Lucus once again he has brought hope to the universe with Episode 1. After the much anticipated hype and all the professional reviews it was still left to the individual to decide what they thought of  the film,after sitting through 120 or so minutes I felt a little  dissapointed that it had to end but by the same token I was more than  pleased to know that there 2 more instalments to come. I have sat though  each of the previous movies at least 40 to 50 times and the current one at  leat 20 times and still get the incredible buzz that surrounds STAR WARS. A  definite MUST HAVE for any one who gets caught up in the Star wars  phenonmenon
0671043013|5.0|I loved the audio cassette, Frank McCourt has a fascinating story telling style. You will laugh and cry and come away with a different perspective on life and maybe a greater appreciation for the things we sometimes take for  granted. I also love the voice and voices spoken by Frank McCourt and  recommend it very much!
0060930349|4.0|A nice, readable overview on a subject with tremendous scope.  The author has opinions, expresses them, and usually backs them up.  Unlike most historians, he puts his biases up front for the reader to analyze so that  one can agree (or disagree) more easily.  He has nice insights and isn't  afraid to go against the grain. The only nonsubstantive criticism -- the  book has an unusually large number of typos, which occasionally (perhaps  every 30-40 pages of this 800 page book) trips up the reader with incorrect  dates and words (for example, South California never seceded from the  U.S.).  An enjoyable book, just never hire those proofreaders again.
B00000J7JO|5.0|I have long been a fan of The Chili's in part due to the wonderfully thoughtful, poetic lyricism of their songs that they artfully combine with an incredible beat. In addition, they seem able to soar over the typical  musical styles prevalent in most of todays rock music with a perseptive  combination of guitar/bass/drum variations that keep you listening (and  dancing) intently with each track.  This is the first cd in a long time  that I played over and over again when I first bought it and it still has a  favored spot right next to the cd player.  Even though I find myself  gravitating to more subdude genres of music as I get older;  this band  brings me back to the wild days of debauchery of my youth.
0380778556|4.0|Only someone hung-up on TV movies would not appreciate this excellent book.<br />Despite other reviews, I found this interesting from page 1. Give the author a few pages to set mood, and then you're off to meeting some  fascinating characters and all along you're wondering: why  ...why...why?<br />Very exciting, and very thought-provoking. Now that I've  read the book, I'll see Hitchcock's movie.......
B00000CQJZ|4.0|For those of you concerned that Laserlight's inexpensive DVD of &quot;The 39 Steps&quot; might be lacking in quality, you needn't worry. The transfer was made from a good print, the picture and sound is fine, and there are even a few modest extras (including a trailer from the similarly-themed &quot;North by Northwest&quot; and a friendly, if not very illuminating, introduction by Tony Curtis). I'm sure the Criterion edition surpasses this Laserlight DVD in a number of areas, but fans who just want a nice solid copy of the film to enjoy from time to time should know that this inexpensive version is perfectly acceptable. I look forward to sampling more of the Laserlight DVDs of Hitchcock's early classics.
052594527X|5.0|Girl with a pearl earring took me visually through Amsterdam, through Vermeer's paintings and through a complete new feeling - could it be that there is more in life than books? Next step is to see more of Vermeer's  paintings - maybe there is a book?...
B000002N3J|5.0|This is definitely Madonna's best collection of songs.  It really does show that Madonna can do almost any kind of music and make it sound great.  I personally think that she does her ballads great.  I love all of these  songs.  My favorites are: Love Don't Live Here Anymore, Something To  Remember, You'll See, and Take A Bow.  Even if you hated Madonna's songs in  the 80's, you WILL like this album if you give it a chance.  These are  great songs!
B000001EPB|5.0|I really enjoyed &quot;The Lord of the Dance&quot; on the telly. Every time I watch it, I am always amazed at how much time and effort goes into it.<br />If you are a &quot;Lord of the Dance&quot; fan, then get this C.D. It  has some superb tracks, really great to listen to....you won't be  disappointed!
630575067X|4.0|Alright whats the problem.  Episode I was a great Star Wars movie. By itself though it would get 3 stars. The critics talk about the acting in the movie and how it was awful, but what do you expect.  Jake Loyd who was  Anakin acted like a kid, which is what he was supposed  to be!  His acting  is just fine.  If they had the kid from The Sixth Sense playing Anakin I  think that the acting would be overdramatic and a bit silly. The jedi were  just fine in their acting too!  They weren't all loud and crazy, which is  good since it would be weird having Jedi act as if they were some  superhereo on an ego trip.  They acted as if they were under control and in  charge of their emotions.  Thats how Jedi are supposed to act!   Jar Jar is  fine once you see the movie at least 4 times.  It is hard to understand  what he is saying some of the time.  When the next two episodes are made  all of the critics will watch all 6 movies and realize that Episode I is a  great beginning.  I am a TRUE Star Wars fan and this movie had Star Wras  written all over it! I can't wait for Episode II.  Oh yeah, the special  effects, especially the light saber battle are spectacular.  But enough of  me. Go see it and you be the judge.  And remeber just enjoy the movie,   don't ruin the experiance by trying to pick it apart. May The Force Be With  You!
0312853238|5.0|I read this book in 40 hours.  I totally read it with no reserve.  I couldn't put it down.  There was absolutely no way.  Read this.  It was excellent.  Card's character's really leave you knowing them and you could  place them somewhere.  I really reccomend this book.  READ IT!
630575067X|4.0|Alright whats the problem.  Episode I was a great Star Wars movie. By itself though it would get 3 stars. The critics talk about the acting in the movie and how it was awful, but what do you expect.  Jake Loyd who was  Anakin acted like a kid, which is what he was supposed  to be!  His acting  is just fine.  If they had the kid from The Sixth Sense playing Anakin I  think that the acting would be overdramatic and a bit silly. The jedi were  just fine in their acting too!  They weren't all loud and crazy, which is  good since it would be weird having Jedi act as if they were some  superhereo on an ego trip.  They acted as if they were under control and in  charge of their emotions.  Thats how Jedi are supposed to act!   Jar Jar is  fine once you see the movie at least 4 times.  It is hard to understand  what he is saying some of the time.  When the next two episodes are made  all of the critics will watch all 6 movies and realize that Episode I is a  great beginning.  I am a TRUE Star Wars fan and this movie had Star Wras  written all over it! I can't wait for Episode II.  Oh yeah, the special  effects, especially the light saber battle are spectacular.  But enough of  me. Go see it and you be the judge.  And remeber just enjoy the movie,   don't ruin the experiance by trying to pick it apart. May The Force Be With  You!
1558807381|5.0|I loved this movie!  Indeed, the plot is simple and straightforward, but the cinematography is a work of art unto itself.  The costumes are amazing, especially Tim Curry's Darkness, who, incidentally, is the most interesting  character.  The soundtrack is beautifully ethereal.  A flight of pure  fantasy, it is enjoyable and a mandatory addition to any video library!
B000002J09|5.0|Hi there, lEd zEp, what a grp, simply gr8, they dont need no words of praise, but lemme say a few words as its diff on my part to resist myself ;-) their spiritually oriented lyrics, robert's seductive vocals, jimmy's  hypnotic music, bonham's immense drummin, john's such a distinguished beats  u just cant stop urself from feel like being on the 9th cloud. wanna whole  lotta luv;-what an orgasmic piece of music d'yer mak'er:- no matter how  bleaked u r, after listenin to this magnum opus u find this world sooo  beautiful kashmir, no quarter, all of my luv,immigrant song, the battle of  ever more, stairway to heaven,the rain song, the song remain the  same,trampled underfoot,achilles last stand, in the evening, houses of the  holy ALL R SIMPLY GR8 u know what i think, pink floyd's any album is better  than anyother's best of but there is one and only one exception, yUp its  lEd zEp, and lEd zEp is my favourite grp. I LUV U lEd zEp. ~~*kiss*~~ if u  have ne cRibs or nething u can feel free to e-mail me at  aashishpayal@hotmail.com
B00004RHZU|5.0|Pink's debut is definitely one of the best CDs I've heard this year. Just solid high quality GOOD MUSIC. If you're into hip hop, R&amp;B and pop this CD is for you! Almost every song rocks, which one hardly finds on Albums  this day. &quot;You Make Me Sick&quot; is a classic!
B00000I9MK|5.0|Although the twee nature of the backing and Stuart Murdoch's vocals may seem off putting at first, there's an intrinsic beauty in the sometimes dark, inwardly funny, sometimes sad lyrics which lift this album to pop  genius. There's scores of sounds from keyboards, strummed lilting guitar,  horns, violin and others not normally heard within a CD in indieland. In  fact, if you're looking for hard charging electric guitars, a la Limp  Bizkit, you'll have to go elsewhere. Considering this was a music school  project and that only 1000 copies were originally pressed on vinyl, this is  a fully formed and magnificent debut. Highlights include &quot;The State  That I'm In&quot; and &quot;She's Losing It&quot;. Great pop, shimmering  with all the confectionary goo on the outside, but with all the bite of  hard liquour on the inside. &quot;When she saw my funny side, we introduced  my child bride to whiskey and gin.&quot; Indeed.
B000002C2E|5.0|Time Out Of Mind - Bob Dylan's best album of the 90's. I was quite surprised when I heard a track from this CD for the first time. The song was &quot;Dirt Road Blues&quot; and I immediately knew that Bob had  returned to the great music he is capable of playing.<br />The album is  unbelievably good. It opens with the scary but powerful &quot;Love  Sick&quot; and continues to flow just as dramatically all the way through.  It has a dark, sad mood to it but the songs are well done and Bob's voice  sounds better than in recent years.<br />It took me a while to get use to the  final track, &quot;Highlands&quot;, but I eventually caught on and now  believe it's the perfect closer to an album filled with wonderful,  insightful songs that are so real and loaded with raw emotion that it puts  much of what's out there to shame.
B000002H72|5.0|I can't possibly add anything to the collection of raves here but I'm continuing anyway.  I bought this in 89 on vinyl, then I bought a cassette for the car and then later I bought the CD because I needed it.  This CD  encapsulates perfect pop for me.  It's very abrasive and if your brain is  simple it sounds ugly but if you listen hard you can hear catchy  I-wish-I-wrote-that hooks beneath the noise.  It's like abstract art:   under the layers of muddy oil you will see the beauty.  I only wish I had  purchased many Pixies t-shirts back then as I would still wear them.  See  Frank if he passes through your town.  He occasionally rips through a Pixie  tune or two and it brings tears to my thirtysomething eyes.  Death to the  Pixies!
B0000025GW|5.0|I am the last person who wants to listen to somebody shove religion down my throat, trust me! But, I will make a big exception in the case of &quot;Slow Train Coming&quot;. It is a beautiful, sincere expression of  someone trying to find meaning and understanding through the power of  spirituality. So, this is where Bob Dylan was at this point in his life.  Even though he really didn't stay with it, I do believe it was something he  honestly believed in at the time and was something he needed in order to  deal with that stage of his life.<br />I can forgive the overbearing,  sometimes backwards thinking of the lyrics because they are so well written  and sung from the heart. Listen to songs such as &quot;I Believe in  You&quot;, &quot;Precious Angel&quot; or &quot;When He Returns&quot; and  try denying the intensity of the singer and his belief.<br />I have not heard  Bob's other &quot;Christian&quot; albums, but &quot;Slow Train Coming&quot;  has always been a favorite of mine. It's still kind of strange to listen to  but I just gotta serve &quot;Slow Train Coming&quot;;)
0395645662|5.0|I have read this book 4 times, and I like it even more each time I read it. I was drawn in by the characters and the story. It is an orginal book that I think everyone should read at least once. I gave my copy to my Dad to read, and he loved it. It is not strictly a children's book. I think  anyone would appreciate it.
B00000J7SO|5.0|I recently purchased the re-mastered &quot;Street Legal&quot; and realized that it was partially the foggy and distorted sound that prevented me from truly appreciating this album...not the content.<br />It is a bizarre album  and the lyrics are sometimes too strange to figure out but the overall  album has some great numbers and is well played musically. This album came  out just before Bob went into his Christian period and the intensity and  confusion shows on this album which is no doubt a little  inconsistant.<br />But, I still love it because the songs captivate me so  much. &quot;Senor&quot;, &quot;Where Are You Tonight?&quot; and &quot;No  Time To Think&quot; are great as are &quot;We Better Talk This Over&quot;  and &quot;Baby, Stop Crying&quot;.<br />I didn't care for this album too much  when I first bought it years ago but something happened when I decided to  get the re-masetered verion, or maybe I just understand or relate more with  Bob now that I'm older.<br />Maybe it really doesn't deserve 5 stars but I'm  gonna rank it 5 anyhow because this poor album has been through enough and  it's time to give &quot;Street Legal&quot; its due.
B000009ED0|1.0|This CD has to be the most unintentionally hilarious thing I've ever heard.  When Kid Rock makes attempts at being humorous (like on &quot;Cowboy&quot; or the title track) I always ask myself it that was  supposed to be funny, but when he goes for maudlin sentimentality like on  the updated '80s power ballad tripe of &quot;Only God Knows Why&quot;, I  burst out laughing.  The lyrics are incessant whining and sound contrived -  it is Kid Rock's cry for sympathy though he doesn't need it, nor does he  deserve it.  Many of the songs on this album sound like a ill-conceived  cross between Vanilla Ice and Poison, with the only remotely good song  being &quot;I Am The Bullgod&quot;, which rocks harder and has some  engaging lyrics.  The only reason why it's popular is because everyone is  buying it since Carson Daly and MTV told them to.  Without merits of its  own, it's safe to assume that &quot;Devil Without A Cause&quot; would be  languishing in obscurity if not for MTV's support.
B000002GBB|4.0|To say that Styx was under pressure after the success of 1977's The Grand Illusion is, I'm sure, an understatement. Many bands crack under such pressure, and I believe Styx would have too, if Tommy Shaw had not stepped  up to the plate on Pieces Of Eight. His were the only songs that got any  air play from this album (Sing For The Day, Blue Collar Man, and Renegade).   Where The Grand Illusion was largely Dennis DeYoung'shining moment, this  was Tommy's chance to prove his worth to his new band. And he came through,  big time! To me it was this album that proved the true strength of Styx as  a Band: Unbelievable versatility.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|Rage Against The Machine may not be the most prolific band on the planet (three albums over the course of a decade) but the finished product always makes it worth the wait.  On &quot;The Battle Of Los Angeles&quot;, RATM's  sound becomes refined and more eclectic - some songs like &quot;Mic  Check&quot; and &quot;Ashes Of The Fall&quot; cover new territory for the  band.  It's true that they have lost some of the aggression of their other  two albums, but they compensate with sonic variety and more insightful  lyrics, and songs like &quot;Born As Ghosts&quot; and &quot;Testify&quot;  wouldn't sound out of place on their first album.  What puts RATM way ahead  of many of their peers is that actually have a message and aren't merely  &quot;doing it for the nookie&quot;.  Zack is very passionate about the  Zapatista rebels and Mumia Abu-Jamal getting a fair trial (and freedom) and  the lyrics on BOLA are the best he's written to date.  My favorite songs on  the album would have to be &quot;Guerrilla Radio&quot;, &quot;Calm Like A  Bomb&quot;, &quot;Born Of A Broken Man&quot;, and &quot;Testify&quot;,  though all of them are awesome.  Highly recommended to fans of the rap/rock  sound that are looking for something more lyric-intensive.
0790736942|5.0|Even though it did scare me I love it and I watch it when ever I get a chance!  Nothing compares to this movie! I love horror films but I haven't liked any horror movies as much as this one!
B000002HK4|5.0|It's so hard to highlight one of Dream Theater's songs as a favorite. There are so many that are just too good. A Change of Seasons is musical virtuosity tweaked to the maximum.  It really is an impressive song. The  song itself I believe, makes this CD worth the price of admission.  In  saying that I am not saying that the rest of the CD isn't worth  it...because it is. These guys just constantly amaze me. DT is the classic  example that good music still exists... thank you guys so much.
B000002J1U|5.0|Often ignored in favor of the second and fourth albums, this third record from LZ is a jewel in itself. Riff rock along the lines of &quot;Immigrant Song&quot;, &quot;Celebration Day&quot; and &quot;Out on the Tiles&quot; is  present, but the word of the day is subtlety. &quot;Friends,&quot;  &quot;Tangerine&quot; and &quot;That's the Way&quot; are acoustic delights,  celebrating English folk, nonstandard guitar tunings and general love of  the rustic life. If you've never heard this one, you owe it to yourself to  pick it up and hear a whole different side of Led Zeppelin.
B00000IPAX|3.0|I loved Blink 182 from the day they realeased Dude Ranch, even before &quot;Dammit&quot; was on the radio. So once this CD came out I rushed to get. I was kinda of dissapointed. They were no longer punk but rock/pop  designed to appeal to teeny-boppers and the MTV crowd. Now not all of this  CD is bad, what with songs like &quot;Party Song&quot; and  &quot;Anthem&quot;, but the rest of the CD is kinda lightweight. So, let's  hope their next album will go back to their punk roots and the true fans  will come back again to get it and the teeny-boppers will be exposed.
B000002J09|5.0|Probably Led Zeppelin's best album, or at least their most flawless performance. Two essential heavy rockers lead off - the swaggering &quot;Black Dog&quot; and catchy &quot;Rock and Roll.&quot; We get some  fine-tuned folk loveliness in &quot;Battle of Evermore&quot; and  &quot;Going to California,&quot; while &quot;When the Levee Breaks&quot; is  simply the heaviest blues sound ever put to tape. Last but not least let me  mention &quot;Stairway to Heaven,&quot; a song that is stunningly beautiful  and earth-shattering all at once. No rock collection is complete without  this album.
6305718954|2.0|I saw the film &quot;Stigmata&quot; when it was released, theatrically, and I was extremely disappointed with it.  I thought the performances were flat and unconvincing.  I will admit that &quot;Stigmata&quot; had some  slick direction by Rupert Wainwright (although some may argue that it  looked like a techno music video). But I found the overall result to be  just boring and uninteresting.  I gave the film 1 1/2 star out of 4.<br />When  &quot;Stigmata&quot; was released onto DVD, the cover boasted some very  intriguing special features, such as deleted scenes and an alternate  ending.  So, my curiosity got the best of me and I checked it out.  I, once  again, thought the movie was flat and was a hideous attempt to rip-off  &quot;The Exorcist.&quot;  But the DVD transfer was beautiful and the  commentary by director Wainwright was informative.  I can say that I was  more than a little disappointed in the alternate ending, though, which is  no more than a few additional, very brief camera shots.  The other features  include a music video and an interesting 8-page insert.  <br />Bottom line: If  you enjoyed the film at the theatre, I think the DVD is a must have.  Or if  you were like me and thought the movie was missing something, then you  probably won't find that something on this DVD.
B00002SWEM|5.0|Ibrahim Ferrer sound incredible. I am sorry I missed him at Carnegie Hall. After seeing this movie it makes me want to go and see Havana. Not only Ibrahim, but Compay Segundo, Ochoa Eliades. All incredible. See the movie,  support the country, buy the MUSIC...
B00001OH7Y|5.0|This album is the culmination of Bowie's late-70s experimentation. The album, though it might have been influenced by post-punk (likewise influenced by Bowie!), doesn't sound familiar, and that's what I like most  about this album. If you enjoy the Berlin-era Bowie you will love this  album.  The best song is probably &quot;Ashes to Ashes,&quot; but that's  not to say the others are lacking. Witness the Magic-bus influenced  &quot;Up the Hill Backwards,&quot; or the powerful &quot;Because You're  Young,&quot; with its wonderful hook. The only song somewhat out of place  is the cover &quot;Kingdom Come,&quot; but this doesn't hamper the album at  all. This is Bowie at his peak, and &quot;Scary Monsters&quot; is the  natural result of years of dallying in different styles. Unless you think  of Bowie as strictly a glam rocker, this is his best.
B000001ELF|5.0|From the opening song, &quot;Rip It Out&quot; to the closing acoustic fanfare of &quot;Fractured Mirror&quot; this album is a masterpiece.<br />If you liked Ace's solo stuff on the Kiss albums - you'll love this.  &quot;New York Groove,&quot; &quot;What's on Your Mind,&quot; and the  excellent instrumental, &quot;Fractured Mirror&quot; make this an essential  addition to any Kiss collector's CD collection.
B00002Z88D|5.0|S&amp;M is just more evidence at how well Metallica performs live.  I hear people bashing this cd all of the time, they dont know what they are talking about, sure it isnt as rough and tough as their original immage.  But I think The SFSO and Metallica mixed well as a final product, buy this  cd, it is awesome.
B00000IOSU|5.0|Many artists depict emotion in their works--but Sarah McLachlan has cornered the market.  This woman with a wide range of vocals can take the listener to places he or she has forgotten.  From a break-up that left you  wondering if you'd be remembered to an angel looking over your shoulder,  it's obvious that McLachlan has felt pain in her life.  She relates to the  listener in this way, takes the listener to places she knows they've been  as she has.  This is a CD worth the buy.  MIRRORBALL comes highly  recommended.
B000006TSC|2.0|As long as you want radio-friendly pop music without much ambition, &quot;Breathless&quot; is a good purchase. But I guess this is the point where Camel began to fade as a progressive outfit. Many songs feature  ludicrously overblown titles, shallow lyrics, and lazy singing, an alarming  trend that started with &quot;Highways of the sun&quot; from  &quot;Raindances&quot;. Although the tracks are quite easy to listen,  &quot;Breathless&quot; just can't compare with Camel classics like  &quot;Mirage&quot; and &quot;Moonmadness&quot;.
B0000011N5|5.0|Way back in the sixties, I was too broke to afford this boxed set...one of my friends had it and I loved to listen to these gorgeously wistful tunes. &quot;Isle of Islay&quot; always seemed like something close to perfection  to me...&quot;how sad the farm-lad, deep in play...&quot; I remember  hitch-hiking round Scotland and singing that song on top of a craggy cliff  looking out over a small island - it wasn't Islay but there were plenty of  gulls around - and looking back over the sweeping farmland behind me I saw  a small wee figure crouched &quot;deep in play&quot; and his mother calling  him in for supper...what can I say, the whole album and that song in  particular is transcendant. Although I never owned the boxed set I always  recalled the songs, and now it is great to have the CD package. As someone  said, the songs are even better than I remember, although &quot;Islay&quot;  never left my consciousness it has been wonderful to get re-aquainted with  Mad John, the Tinker and the Crab, Epistle to Derroll, Starfish on the  Toast and all the rest. Without doubt, Donovan's masterpiece, and one of  the most soothing, satisfying and altogether lovely records ever made. By  anybody. Just wish I had a cat to curl up and enjoy it with me (sadly my  wife is allergic - to cats not to Donovan) but hey - even my teenage son  admitted it was &quot;cool&quot;. Its all that, and more. Just reading  Donovan's liner notes is a heartwarming experience in itself. I can't  recommend this album too strongly to anyone who remembers Donovan's stuff  with any degree of affection; indeed it is charming enough to win over any  first-time listener. A real treasure.
B00000IPAX|3.0|this CD is different from their old ones but it's stil good. Personally i think dude ranch was their best but they do show signs of good punk then tone down again. I would still reccommend you buy this cd even though it's  not hardcore!
B00003IPFK|5.0|Absolutely the best Western I've ever seen either in miniseries or big screen.  Robert Duvall, Tommie Lee Jones, and Danny Glover are flat-out etched into your memory in their roles as McRae, Call, and Deitz.  Superb  movie.  I've watched it at least 10 times and will likely watch it 100 more  before I die.
078311513X|4.0|This is a Rutger Hauer vehicle. After Blade Runner, I would have watched anything with Hauer in it. I'm a big fan obviously and wish he had been cast in bigger films. Anyhow I did enjoy this film. Hauer, with his dusty  blond hair,piercing blue eyes and raincoat, seemed the embodiment of the  diabolical. There is ice under the desert, it has cracked and a vengeful  spirit has been loosed upon mere men.
B000002J6F|5.0|I'm a 36 year old Jefferson Airplane fan - I decided to blindly buy this last week after seeing CSNY in the 'Under The Covers' documentary. Up until then I have never heard of this album. When I put this in last saturday  afternoon (no JA pun intended) I could'nt believe my ears! In the year 2000  where there is no more music anymore without violence, rap or sap, this CD  is like a lifeboat for me. Buy it at once.
0375703764|1.0|1. It carries a rave blurb from Bret Easton Ellis. 2. It has been compared to The Blair Witch Project, as though this were something of which to be proud. 3. I will return my wallet to my pocket and back away very slowly.
B000002TYX|5.0|This is the album for anyone who loves the early period of the Beatles. Ten songs feature the excellent drumming of the one and only Pete Best. ( Okay, so he choked on Love Me Do, but that's not Paul's greatest vocal  either.) The reunion single is fantastic! The only thing that would have  made it better is if George Martin had produced it and if Pete Best was  asked to join the other three. This is a great disc and I highly reccommend  it for anyone who is a Beatle fan.
0375420525|1.0|Wish I had read the customer reviews before I bought the book; the story of a man's psychological reaction (a story in itself) to an analysis of various other analyses of a non-existent home video.  So filled with  analyses of psychological reactions, philosophy, mythology and filmmaking,  along with unnecessary scientific data and annoying literary visual effects  that it is difficult to hold the thread of the main story.  Since the  author doesn't believe in using a small word where a large one will do,  unless you have a greater than average vocabulary or enjoy reading with a  dictionary handy, I wouldn't recommend it.  If you do attempt it, I would  suggest reading the main story (if you can find it) to the end, then  returning to read the footnoted story.  Not for straight horror buffs, but  not bad for big fans of Umberto Eco.
B00000DF6O|5.0|B.B.KING IS A MAN WITH THE BLUES HE IS SO GREAT I GOT THIS CD AND HE IS GOOD. GOD BLESS YOU B.B. HAROLD MILES SR. MR DJ.
0553208845|4.0|&quot;Siddhartha&quot; is the story of a reluctant young messiah, searching for his true place in life. Looking for his true calling Siddhartha goes through many different trials and tribulations, he doesn't  believe in dedicating his life to one teacher and belief, so he travels far  and wide learning from the many different people he meets. At one point in  the book Siddhartha becomes rich and powerful, but he is very disturbed by  what he has become because of money and greed. Siddhartha leaves his wealth  and meets a man who operates a ferry across the river. In the end,  Siddhartha's place is at the river, because so many people pass through and  teach him new things and he returns the favor. Siddhartha also learns from  the river, because the river speaks to him and he learns how to listen.<br />  Hesse uses characterization to develop the theme that every human being has  something to offer or to teach, we should take advantage of this  opportunity, and if we do we will eventually find our place in life.  Throughout the book Hesse introduces new characters, all of whom have some  sort of knowledge to offer Siddhartha. Each character is created to teach  Siddhartha something valuable.
0783230621|5.0|Dante's Peak seems like the ideal place to live... the serenity of the mountainous landscape and the friendly atmosphere seems to wipe out the fact that the town is nestled at the base of a dormant volcano. However,  when the U.S.G.S. begins to pick up signals from the volcano that indicate  a possible eruption, they send Harry Dalton (Pierce Brosnan) to  investigate. While there, he befriends town mayor Rachel Wando (Linda  Hamilton) and informs her of the risks. When he begins to get the city  council into an uproar, his advisor shows up to cool things down and wards  off any ideas of an eruption. But the symptoms begin to grow, and soon, ash  and rock are flying in the sky as the mountain explodes upon the small  township. It's a race for survival for Dalton and Wando, as they must  search for Wando's children and get them out before the impending final  showdown with the volcano. Digital Domain's special effects contribute so  much to the story, making it real and placing its characters in real peril.  Suspense, action, romance and a terrific cast make this disaster movie a  winner. The DTS version is remarkable, and it is recommended that this be  the version you buy.
0800141660|5.0|Emma Thompson has done a wonderful job of making Jane Austen's novel into a screenplay. And her performance was awesome too. Kate Winslet once again prove that she's one talented actress. Love this movie!
0425107469|5.0|i read this book a couple of years ago but i have to say it is a great book.from the few pages i was hooked.its suspenseful and scary.its without a doubt the best dean koontz book i have ever read.
630505116X|5.0|An excellent and humorous monster-adventure-mystery-thriller for someone seeking sheer wild and exciting entertainment value.  So exciting that it is easy to forget that the &quot;monster&quot; is a cross between an  octopus and the &quot;Audrey II&quot; from Little Shop of Horrors.  The  destruction of the cruise ship is a magnificent visual effect, the bad guys  are appropriately disposed of and the ending is refreshingly unpredictable.   Performances by all cast members were fantastic.
630575067X|5.0|This is, without a doubt, the best Star Wars movie EVER! Natalie Portman shines as Queen Amdala and one of Queen Amdala's bodyguards, while McGregor and Neeson are outstanding as Obi-Wan and Qui-Non! The best movie ever.  Rated PG for adventure-related violence.
B00002DEIX|5.0|I have to agree with the great jazz writer Gary Giddins when he says that no player of this generation has captured the 'body and soul' of Coltrane like Josh Redman. Yet, Redman has a style that's uniquely his own. 'Beyond'  is a superd record - and one which gets better with each listening. The  sweetness of his tone is a delight. He seems to combine dazzlingly fluid  improvisation with starkly simple melodies. His playing is always pushing  the envelope, yet always rooted in raw blues. Although it is a studio  album, 'Beyond'  has all of the immediacy of live performance. Throughout,  the backing band is sensitive, and supremely talented. Aaran Goldberg is  one of the best, blusiest pianists I have heard recently. Some  highlights....it would be no exaggeration to say that 'Neverend' is one of  the most gorgeous ballads I have ever heard - and not just from Josh  Redman! The tenor duet with Mark Truner on 'Leap of Faith' is stunning.  After a smoldering eastern-flavoured improvisation by the two saxophones,  the band kicks in, and this track just swings!  'Twilight...and beyond' is  a masterpiece. Taking the form of a suite, this one shows the band in  perfect harmony - there is a phrase Redman plays just before the piano solo  which is so gut-wrenchingly brilliant it blows me away...only to be  followed by a sparkling solo by Goldberg! I wholeheartedly recommend this  album to any jazz fan...it's a treat! I am definitely looking forward to  seeing Redman live next month!
B00003CXDD|5.0|Dark and mysterious at times, dashing and warlike in others, Willow is a stark example of the attempts to bring fairytale-ish stories to the big screen. This one is a success. When a Daikini baby washes onto the  riverbank in a Peck village, Willow Ufgood is elected by his town to return  the baby to its own land. Making his way with four others, he comes across  a drifter by the name of Madmartigan, who later opts to help him in his  quest to return the child. Willow later learns that the baby is destined to  bring about the downfall of a powerful queen who rules with an iron fist  over all of the land. The settings of this film, especially those located  in the mountainous regions crossed by Willow and his troop, are visceral  and magnificent, and combined with the moving score from James Horner make  it even more enjoyable. While some material in this film may be a little  harsh for young children (it would seem that this age group is the prime  target), as a whole, it does not fail to please.
630575067X|1.0|Wow, I was hoping that it would be a good movie, but I now know, that you can't expect a good movie, from a cheap billionare who cuts corners every chance he gets.  Like he dosn't have enough money.  Some of the worst  actting I have ever seen, and the visual effects weren't great either.  You  would think with all the money he has, he would spent it to make a great  movie, but  I guess I was wrong.
B000002UAR|5.0|This is a pretty impressive and groundbreaking effort.  It may be somewhat overrated, like Sgt. Peppers, but still inaugurated a whole new chapter for the group.  The Beatles had almost as many artistic phases as they had  records.  I see that one reviewer gave it one star?  How is that possible?
B00003Q438|5.0|I rented this movie at Blockbuster once (in Special Edition widescreen VHS) and thought, I wonder what the theatrical version is like. Six months later I pull out my friends old Abyss Special Edition Laserdisc. We start  watching it. About an hour and a half later, I go to bed. I tell my friend  about how that movie should be on DVD, and suprise! Its realeased in a  month! I rent it, then buy it! This is an amazing DVD! GET IT! By the way  watch both endings, and compare. Also (if you have DVD-ROM) look in the  Imaging station on disc two to find a face hugger from &quot;Aliens&quot;.  Select it. Also on Abyss-In Depth Operations, above the wave you see a jet,  select it and watch.Also see the documentary. Multi-angle seen is very cool  too. Having two versions of a film is also neet. Look for hidden trailers.  Theatrical version is OK. It doesn't have a point to it. Special Edition  version makes the film flow much more smoothly. Mainly because of the wave  scene. Disc ranking: 9.3
B00000JJQK|5.0|The review below by mst3k4evr from PA USA illustrates an important point about Pet Sounds.  The music is not easily accesible on a first or second listen the way the more &quot;popular&quot; Beach Boys music is.  The songs  here are denser and more subtle and deal with more substantial issues than  surfing and cars.<br />Anybody willing to give Pet Sounds a few listens,  though, will soon begin to pick up on what's going on and, hopefully,  appreciate this magnificnent album for the treasure it is.
B00003Q43A|5.0|Independence Day creates a setting of an alien invasion of Earth, and how it affects people in different places in the United States who eventually come together to fight their common enemy. Will Smith and Vivica A. Fox  play a couple on the verge of getting married, yet when he is called away  to duty at the military base outside of Los Angeles, they must put the  plans on hold, and are separated when the attack comes. Jeff Goldblum and  Judd Hirsch play son and father, and Goldblum is the first to decipher the  signal sent from the alien spacecraft. In a mad dash to Washington DC,  Goldblum encounters his ex-wife, played by Margaret Colin, who is advisor  to the President, played by Bill Pullman. The movie is a superb package of  stunning visual effects and an entertaining, adrenaline-pumped storyline  that never stops moving. The action spans through the length of the  feature, and Independence Day will undoubtedly remain one of the most  masterful science fiction films to date.
630575067X|4.0|As a loyal Star Wars fan, I eagerly awaited the release of Episode I.  George Lucas did not disappoint me.  The effects were out-of-this-world.  The scene in the planet's core was awesome.  Obi-Wan was hot, and Anakin  Skywalker was a doll.
0790749556|5.0|Whatever you have heard or read to the contrary, this is the best Rogers/Astaire movie. The music is wonderful, the plot is painless, and the dances are the best these two ever did -- particularly &quot;I'll Be Hard  to Handle,&quot; recorded live so you hear Ginger's breathless laughter.  She was never again as beautiful or as sexy as she is here; her five-second  skip-dance to the window to hear Fred's orchestra is greater than most  performers' entire careers. Endlessly re-seeable and enjoyable.
0553108034|5.0|After waiting for what seemed like an eternity the sequel to A Game of Thrones finnally came out. This book is absolutely fabulous. Myriad twists and turns, devasting battles and magic all intertwine to form this fabulous  novel. The only problem I have now is waiting for the next book to come out  so I can find out what happens next
0671027344|3.0|It is sooo hard to know how to rate Mr. Chboskys book. From the literary stand point it is a four star book. Although most of it is exellent, there are times where the author is trying to be profound......and comes up being about as profound as dog food. And there are the times he tries to be  gritty.......and is just plain abrasive. However, most of the book is  touching and VERY thought provoking. It's no wonder his book has done so  well.      From the moral standpoint, The Perks of Being a Wallflower is  sadly lacking. None of the authors heros have morals, the world is without  hope, even the &quot;good&quot; kids do drugs and sleep around. While even  the conservative reader can't help liking Sam, Patrick and Charlie, they  also can't help cringing at their standerds. Right or wrong, good or bad.  It's simpley doesn't exist. High School is not quite real. It is depicted  like something out of a depraved faerie tale: sex, drugs, chain-smoking and  the Rocky Horror Picture Show.( I mean, come on, i'm in high school and its  NOT like that) (for the most part)     So if your looking for a good,  interesting, funny, tear-jerking, thought provking read; Youv'e got it. The  Perks of Being a Wallflower is perfect for that. But add morality to that  list, and you'll have to look someware else.
B00003CXAT|5.0|The novel Jurassic Park gives us a glimpse of what could happen if the human were to tamper with the DNA of extinct animals. The movie brings that glimpse to life, using state-of-the-art special effects to create the  mammoth creatures and a talented cast to carry out the story. Sam Neill and  Laura Dern star as Allen and Ellie Grant, two archeological diggers who are  called upon by John Hammond (Richard Attenborough) to inspect and give  their OK for his newest park, a park that breeds dinosaurs through advanced  genetic technology. While being taken on a tour of the park, a tropical  storm strikes the island, and that, combined with the shenanigans of a  conniving park worker (Wayne Knight) on the take for embryos, begin to shut  down the park's security systems and electrical fencing. When the monsters  begin to break free of their restraints, what was supposed to be a fun tour  through the park becomes a nightmarish race against death and time for  Allen Grant and Hammond's two grandchildren. Special effects in this film,  while they were only made in 1993, are seamless and utterly believable. The  acting leaves nothing to be desired, with compelling performances from the  supporting cast as well as the leads. An interesting twist on the  not-so-unthinkable, this film is one of Speilberg's best. One question:  where is the DVD version?
B000000OA6|5.0|I am a big Queen fan, even though I was alive throughout the last 15 to 20 years of their time together.  I still think that Freddie Mercury can sing, even though he's passed on.  I still think that Queen was a talented band.
B000021XR5|4.0|I only give 5 stars to a record that is a truemasterpiece. This album comes close. It shows true maturity in a greatrock band. I would consider it STP's best. The first three songs are hard hitting blow your ears out rock. Atlanta is a dreamy Doors like cut, and Glide is an anthem like song that is truely motivational. In my book, it is a definite classic.  This is a very diverse record, but isn't radical. I am still longing for a band to come out and break all of the rules.
0385493800|5.0|As with many things in life, this story is hardly 2 dimensional.  People either loved the story, or hated it.  Some of the readers who gave this book a low rating were turned off by the fact that there is a strong  Christian theme behind the legal thriller.  To most others, it was an  exciting adventure beyond the rat race of modern society.  As you dive  deeper, absorbing each character, you are reminded that life goes by very  fast.  The bad decisions you make haunt you longer than you wish.  Few are  lucky enough to change their ways and get a second chance.  And  realistically, money and contentment are on opposite sides of the spectrum.   READ IT.  It is very, very good...
B000002J20|5.0|The four songs that are included on the tape are among the bestin the world.  If you like classical music and the best of progressivethis is definately it.  Most of the world couldn't understad it.... Poetry in music with anderson, mesmerizing music from the respective rest.  Brilliant!
6304401132|5.0|Walt Disney's Sleeping Beauty, while being one of the few Disney features to be shot in 2.35:1 widescreen aspect ratio, is also one of its most ambitious and lush projects to date. The classic story of the princess  Aurora, hidden from the evil clutches of Malificent in a forest cottage  with three fairies, is brought to life with beautiful animation matched  only by that of Beauty and the Beast. The songs, most of which are taken  from the classical score by Tchaikowsky's ballad, sweep the viewer into a  lush and sometimes gothic epitaph that never fails to bring each character,  as well as their surroundings, to life. I'm pleading with Disney to please  bring this movie out on DVD so that everyone can enjoy the widescreen  release of this totally enthralling film.
6302054982|5.0|I don't have much to say about this incredible film that hasn't already been said by the 100-plus reviews already posted, so just take it as read that this movie is truly one of the defining experiences of 90's (indeed, any era) cinema. I would like to point out, however, that Martin Scorsese  has never recieved any recognition for his amazing contribution to American  film by the Academy awards, and that this is a tragedy. It only serves to  demonstrate how much of a joke the Oscars are, unworthy of any serious  consideration. The man has at least three films to his name which deserved  to take home best picture (Taxi Driver, Raging Bull, &amp; Goodfellas), and  he has deserved Best Director just as many times. I'm sure he doesn't care  that much - he knows that even Citizen Kane was overlooked when it first  came out - but it must be frustrating to be ignored so consistently. It's  simply not fair for this artist to have to wait until he's near death to  finally be given some lame Lifetime Achievement award. Scorsese is the  closest thing we have to an auteur in America.
B000020617|4.0|Don't think that I am downgrading this record by giving it four stars. That's not what I am doing. I only give five stars to albums that are true masterpieces. I love this record and listen to it all the time. It is  absolutely beautiful. &quot;then why are you giving it only four  stars&quot; you ask. Well.....it doesn't break the rules, or toy with the  bounds that make the foo fighters a rock and roll band. Rock and Roll needs  to be saved, and the only way that will happen is if some band comes out  with a record that is like nothing you've ever heard. That will be a five  star record.
0446310786|5.0|Well I am only 14 but when my dad wanted me to read this book I wasn't all to thrilled about it, I usually don't find many books that I really enjoy, But this one touched the heart, kept me wanting more the whole time, and  the characters are so realistic, you feel like you could be one of them. My  favorite part of this book is the mystery about Boo Radly, thats what kept  me wanting to find out who he really was. I recomand this book to everyone  ages 11 and up. Its one of the greatest classics. Read it and find out.
B00000J7J4|5.0|I can't get enough of this CD!  I love it. I completely disagree that the rap messes it up ... that caught me off guard at first too ... but after listening a couple times you 'get it'... it is great. Regarding those who  don't like that Santana has incorporated some 'new sounds'... presumably  wanting Santana to stay the way he was in the 70's ... Well OF COURSE  Santana was FANTASIC in the 70's, but I wouldn't want such a talented and  creative artist as Carlos Santana to EVER get in a rut. I find the fusion  on this album very exciting.
6301647734|5.0|Being a student at a technical college (RPI) you never really have a chance to look at life the way you used to back in english class.  After seeing this movie I can't begin to tell you how many messages of affection  are burried within it.  James Stewart does an excellent job playing the  friendly &quot;insane&quot; person who really, once listened closely to,  has real things to say about real life.  A must for everyone who needs a  lift.  A+++
B00000AFGM|5.0|I rather liked Marilyn Manson's cd, Machanical Animals, my fave song was rock is dead.  But it does use the occasional obsenity, and has rather loud music, so if you don't like it, go buy a Celine Dion CD
B000001Y79|4.0|Although I bought this cd back when it first came out, I just had to leave my opinion. No Doubt was my favorite &quot;new band&quot; back then, and it's now 2000, they have a new cd out(which is GREAT too)....From the first  video &quot;Just A Girl&quot; I was hooked. They are unique...and Gwen  reminded me of Cyndi Lauper (whom I am also a LONG-time fan)...This cd is  great. Crank it while driving down the freeway...or cleaning house. These  guys are a GREAT BAND....they put on an INCREDIBLE live show too.  DEFINITELY pick their cds up if you haven't already.... they are a breath  of fresh air with all the teeny bop bands and rap that seems so dominant  now.
B000002P5W|4.0|Not as rockin' as &quot;Are You Experienced?&quot;, and not as fully realized as &quot;Electric Ladyland,&quot; but a darn good album nonetheless--we are talking about Jimi Hendrix, don't forget.  &quot;Axis&quot; is sandwiched between two monoliths, and is sometimes  obscured by the shadows, but get it anyway, crank it up, and have a peep  into Hendrix's universe. It's more of a personal, confessional album, and I  look at &quot;Axis&quot; like I do &quot;Zep III.&quot; I'd recommend  buying &quot;AYE&quot; and &quot;EL&quot; then this one. (Then &quot;War  Heroes,&quot; if you can find it!)
6305627401|5.0|South Park is my all-time fav. show, and this movie was the best one I saw in 99, period. I saw this 2 times in theaters and both times I almost choked on my popcorn! Whether or not u like South Park, u should give this  movie a try. If it doesn't get you dying on the floor, you're not from this  Earth! But beware: Never in my 15 years on this planet have I heard the F  word so many times in a single animated movie. If any parents out there are  reading this, I highly reccomend not letting any kid under 13 seeing this-  Belive me, you will NOT want your kids saying these phrases around the  house!
B00000JCB2|1.0|This album is laughable.  At least Milli Vanilli faked it.  This guys, at least I think, are actually playing their own instruments.  I believe the lead guitarist has someone glue the fingers on his left hand to the cords  before he plays a song - it sounds like they never move.  This is basically  just loud dance music that was conjured up for the MTV slacker crowd (you  know - the ones that say they hate the Backstreet Boys, but just so happen  to know all the words to their songs).  You take out the explicit lyrics  and noone would buy this.
0671027344|5.0|I'll keep this short and simple: this is one of the best books I have read in a long time. It's one of those books you read in one sitting. You can't get it out of your mind. The characters are real. The ending is satisfying. Read it today!
B000002KP3|5.0|Many would think this album is good only because of &quot;Get in On&quot;.  That would be a wrong assertion.  This album is exceptional from start to finish and it needs to be part of your library.  One of the great rock  albums of all time.
0440234743|3.0|Like a good boxing match, it gets better round by round. However, Grisham just couldn't deliver the knockout punch.  Winner by decision.  It's a &quot;win&quot; but not by a &quot;KO&quot;!  He's much better than that!   Unfulfilled!
B00003CWPQ|5.0|What more of wonderful ending to a great career.  Kubrick's films are the least understood by all but the best at the same time.  From Clockwork Orange to Lolita to Eyes Wide Shut there was always the element of sexual  interest within all the characters.  You cannot look at this film from the  surface like others; there will be no in-your-face action-packed scenes  that you get from all the other Hollywood like films here, you have to  become involved in the almost sick but true twisted turns and bends of  human thought and rhetoric.  <br />Here again you can see the perfectionist of  Kubrick flow into all of the scenes especially in the Ballroom Dance where  the set was illuminated by the hanging Christmas lights not only  authenticating the lighting of the scene but giving it a softer and more  seductive feel with the hint of the orange glow.  This especially coincides  with the dialogue between &quot;the Hungarian&quot; and the  &quot;American.&quot;<br />Hands down to the crew who did not taint the film  too much after Kubrick's death, we all now that Kubrick probably would have  changed a few scenes some so you sort-of have to view this film as it were  a rough draft to a deeper novel that he left for us viewers to finish.
B000001Y2U|4.0|Marilyn Manson's third album &quot;Antichrist Superstar&quot; is a blast of an eerie effort. A bit overlong, maybe, but it punches hard at life, death, poverty, love, sadness, eagerness, and boredom. There are a great  amount of things to listen to like electronic effects, metal guitar crunch,  audio effects, and great vocals by Manson himself. The use of the mellotron  (played by NIN's Trent Reznor, who also produced) and a freaky theremin on  &quot;Cryptorchid&quot; gives me goosebumps. The stand-out track  &quot;Beautiful People&quot; is a look at one man's anger at reality and is  effective in delivery. It also packs a great beat complete with heavy  guitar crunch and vocal effects. &quot;Tourniquet&quot; is another one that  made the pop scene and just clicks! Of course, Marilyn Manson is not for  all tastes, but recommended for listeners who do not judge him by image.  It's just music. A great effort.
B00002DE2L|5.0|this is absolutely Anne-Sophie Mutter at her best.  I never thought she could best her Four Seasons performance with karajan.  This performance is not as stoic as she was then.  You can sense her youth and liveliness and  thus I closed my eyes and felt all the beauty of the Four Seasons, as they  should be heard.
0812550706|5.0|This was a great book in my opinion. It was one of those rare sci-fi books that focus on not only the space battles and laser guns, but other more interesting subjects. The protagonist, Ender, was extremely intelligent. Intelligent characters come from intelligent writers.<br />Card is a master  mind manipulator. He built the story up so well, he even had me fooled in  the end. This is one of those books that pulls you in. It creates an  atmosphere around your brain so that you are forever lost in the great  story telling.<br />I had to read this book for English II class. About page  20 the words &quot;had to read&quot; turned into &quot;glad to read.&quot;  This really is a great book, even if you don't like sci-fi. What if you  like sci-fi? It's an added bonus! Go out and buy it ASAP!
0380973464|4.0|First, let's give Neal Stephenson credit for thinking of something that nobody else had - The &quot;Pre-cyber punk&quot; novel. Instead of looking to the future of computers, Neal went back to WWII (to the first digital  computer &amp; the first hackers - cryptologists). Cryptonomicon jumps  back-and-forth, from chapter-to-chapter, between WWII &amp; the present  creating two, intertwined, books that maybe should've been left as just one  (The WWII story is, by far, the more interesting.). Secondly, let's give  the Author credit for having the guts to write a wild, lively, book. Call  Cryptonomicon what you want want (It does have some faults - 80 year old  Business men tramping thru the jungle, for example), but don't call it  dull.
6302968143|5.0|This is one movie the entire family will sure to love. There's something for everybody: comedy, horror, romance, drama....etc. Anyway, Hocus Pocus is about 3 witch sisters from the 1600s during the Salem Witch Trial days.  After sucking the life out of Emily, Thackery's beautiful kid sister,  Thackery finds the home of the 3 witches in the woods (this is in the  1600s, of course) and the 3 witches (Winifred Sanderson, Sarah, and Mary)  catch Thackery in their house trying to rescue Emily and turn him into a  black cat forever. The witch sisters are caught by the townspeople and they  hang the sisters for killing Thackery.<br />300 years later (or, in the  present day), a teenage boy named Max, his younger sister, Dani, and their  parents move to Salem, Massachusetts from Los Angeles. Max falls in love  with this girl in his class named Allison who's very rich. On Halloween,  his teacher tells her class the story of the 3 sisters who sucked the lives  out of every child to make themselves look younger and beautiful. <br />Max  doesn't believe in the story at first. On Halloween night, he has to take  Dani trick-or-treating and they end up going to this large house that  happens to be the home of Allison, Max's crush. Dani believes in the story  about the 3 witches and when Max suggests going to the house of Winifred,  Sarah, and Mary, Dani doesn't want to go 'cause she believes in the  story.<br />To prove that Max thinks he's right, they all go to the house  which is in the cemetary. They get there (which had been turned into a  meuseum) and find Thackery as the cat. Thackery tells them not to light the  black candle (which brings the witches back to life) but Max does, anyway.  And of course, the witches do come back to life.<br />The witches now try to  suck the lives out of all the children to make themselves younger. Max,  Allison, and Dani have to stop the witches and destroy them before sun rise  or else they will suck the lives out of all the children and Thackery will  stay a cat forever.<br />Hocus Pocus is a really funny and good movie. It  might not be an Oscar winning material, but it's very entertaining and  enjoyable. It's a movie that is good if you just want to kick back and  relax. The best time to see this movie is probably on Halloween (at night,  of course!) Hocus Pocus is one movie that everyone will surely enjoy! Go  and see it!
0345347951|4.0|...This book questions humanity and our never-ending search foranswers to life's most elusive questions. This book touches heart andmind in a way really no book has before. Clarke is both imaginative and a poetic dreamer, and writes with a fantastic ease. This book is very edgy in a very subtle way. Clarke could have used a shoot-em-up style like most modern sci-fi writers but he opted for a more original tension. This book is classic science fiction at it's finest.  END
B000002UC5|4.0|There are three really good songs on this album, Maybe I'm amazed, Every night and Junk, which has been used in a number of movies recently. The real achievement on this album was that it was done on a four track  recorder and he plays all the instruments, which is very impressive.  For  that alone, it deserves four stars.  I hope you find this review helpful.
B000002699|5.0|I want to add my own &quot;5 star&quot; review.  In A Silent Way is quite simply the most &quot;perfect&quot; recording I have ever heard -- it is sublime beyond measure.  It never gets old no matter how many times I  listen to it.  It is simplistic, minimalist, and stark on one hand with  one-chord vamps most of the time, but with a busy, but subdued, rhythm  section consisting of several keyboards, guitar, bass, and drums.  This  album is perfect!  I think Miles said it was his best record.
B00000I0XW|5.0|I've admired Sarah Brightman since I was eight years old and I think she is wonderful.  I haven't heard all of her cds but I have most of them and I think that she is excellent.  Her music just keeps on getting better and  better and I love her diversity of music.
6305265496|5.0|Absolutely wonderful and relaxing movie to watch.  My husband, usually an action-movie person, was also won over by the movie as well. My recommendations for people who just want a simple and easy movie to watch,  especially during illness and you just want a movie to relax, without  having to grill your brains to think about the plot and complexities of it.   I would also recommend the soundtrack of the movie, as the music is  fabulous and calming.
B000002KCV|4.0|Sandwiched between DECADE and RUST NEVER SLEEPS comes a little folksy number produced out of the fertile mind of everyone's favourite Canadian singer.COMES A TIMES takes the country tinge of HARVEST to another  level.His voice blends well with backup singer Nicolette Larson on a  majority of the album's tracks.Many of the album tracks have become Young  concert staples:COMES A TIME, LOOK OUT FOR MY LOVE,HUMAN HIGHWAY(title for  a later Young film),LOTTA LOVE(which Nicolette Larson had a hit with).COMES  A TIME has an air of hopefulness and peacefulness about it;Young has been  burned before,but is still hopeful on love and life.The only track that  does not fit in this collection is MOTORCYCLE MAMA;but this is only a minor  quibble.Although the music is gentle,it still has a lot to say.
0060977493|2.0|The book was written very well.  The storyline was a lttile weak.  I didn't feel a connection with any of the characters.  There were none that I hated or loved.  I felt the writer could have said the same thing in a  less pages.
B00003XACV|5.0|I've seen AMERICAN BEAUTY five times, and I remember how struck I was by its soundtrack, particularly by Thomas Newman's incidental music.  Like the movie, his music will stay with you long after you've heard it.  This is  the perfect score for a perfect movie!
B00003CWPR|1.0|Was it real? Was it a dream? what the heck? All the people who gave it 4 or 5 stars seem to think they are deep thinkers. I saw the movie and i think you are all reading way to much into it. I mean really the movie is  about a bunch of rich people who have orgys in secret places. This movie  was painfully long and very perverse. To be honest if it wern't for Kudro  or whatever his name is I dont think anyone would like it. I think some  people force themselves to like it because they think there impressng  somebody.
B000000IUX|4.0|Neil Young was going to give Geffen a HARVEST2, but it was rejected.So,in order to make his record company sweat,he announced to the world that he was thinking of giving up rock'n'roll and going country.OLD WAYS backed up  this threat.This release shows Neil embracing the Nashville sound, even  roping in Waylon and Willie to duet with. Young came up with some great  material to work with:MY BOY,MISFITS,BOUND FOR GLORY and ARE THERE ANY MORE  REAL COWBOYS? rank as some of the best lyrics since RUST NEVER  SLEEPS.Anywone who saw him tour for this record with the International  Harvesters,will agree that neil back catalogue adapted to the country very  well.Old ways,meaning to remain stagnant,can be a ball and chain;Neil Young  changes styles nearly every studio release.OLD WAYS is an unlocked treasure  chest waiting to be plundered.If you like HARVEST, HARVEST MOON,and COMES A  TIME; OLD WAYS is for you.
0380713802|4.0|I know that a few were turned off by Bryson's relentless criticism of just about every place he ventured.  He rehashes many old stereotypes and prejudices.  But, I guess that I should hate to admit, but I don't, I found  it immensely amusing, and I know that much of it is based in fact.  I think  that many of his critics forget that he is trying to entertain more so than  he is trying to educate - the point of this book is not to provide to the  reader a travelogue with precise cultural detail - but to relate BB's  impressions as he traveled Europe, and as BB is a humorist, you expect that  humor to pervade his observations.  I didn't find this particularly  meanspirited.
630575067X|3.0|I was looking forward to this movie coming out with great hopes for another classic George Lucas film.  That's not what I got.  Okay, so the special effects are good, and all the computer animation.  But that Jar Jar  Binks just ruined it all.  Who thought him up?  Lucas's kid!   He was  totally just in there to sell merchindise and was just plain out stupid.   The actors in the movie were awful, no one had any expression and Jake Lyod  is sooooooo bad.  The Jedi Knights and maybe Watto are the only good  characters in the movie.  Even Natalie Portman sucks, and she is usually  good.  All those computer animations got kind of old too, don't you think?   There is a thing called too much computer graphics.  What happened to the  old masks and stage props?  Lucas went overboard on that.         Overall,  I guess it's an okay movie.  If Lucas had different actors and a better  plot it would be much better.  But I guess if your a Star Wars fan, you  have to take the bad with the good.  But if you plan on just checking this  movie out to see what it's like, don't.  Don't waste your money.  Rent the  originals or something, but don't rent this.
0394800389|5.0|This book was a lot of fun, we all enjoyed trying to say the rhymes without messing up. I would especially encourage parnet who have a child with a speech imediment to try this book; it is a fun way to get the to enunciate their words. But first let them hear you mess it up a few times.
B00000IQBM|2.0|I now that a bunch of people love this movie but i personally found it kind of boring but it was totally bad. if it had been edited better it could be really good thre are to many scenes of the kid biking down the  hall. also it o differnt for the book it is not the wrost steph king  adaption ever but defntily not he best. I hope the 1997 version comes to  video
0792107683|4.0|After reading the novel with my sons, we watched the video. Not surprisingly, the book is better. The movie is beautifully filmed, well-acted, and a great way to get kids into classic films, but as is so  often the case when a book is made into a movie, much of the depth and  nuances of the characters get cut out. Inexplicably in this film, names of  major characters are changed, and major events happen to different  characters. The film stands well on its own, but if you have read the  novel, you may be a little disappointed. My husband, who had not read the  book, loved the movie!
0783240503|5.0|My brother did the Joesph  musical in the Black Hills playhouse in South Dakota and I was suprised how a cheap playhouse did the same as a number 3 topseller video. Congrats to  my brother for an excellent play and congrats  to Donny for a great video.I watched this and I loved it.
B00000064G|5.0|Although I started listening to Nick a few years ago courtesy of Lucinda Williams dropping his name, I must say that though Nick was a nice secret for us to enjoy, the VW commercial would be nothing without that song.  I  know many people who are in love with the commercial thanks to Nick's song.   That being said, the commercial doesn't spoil his music, his music blesses  the commercial.
B000002JK2|4.0|Many super group efforts of the late seventies failed miserably. Combining the best artists of the time didn't necessarily result in the best music. Perhaps the cliche,\\"Too many chefs spoil the soup\\" is true. Rough-Mix is a  noteworthy exception. This is surely the work of a super group: including  Pete Townsend and John Entwistle (The Who), Ronnie Lane (Small Faces and  Faces), Charlie Watts and Ian Stewart (Rolling Stones) and Eric  Clapton.<br />`My Baby Gives It Away' and `Heat To Hang Onto' rock with the  energy of the Rolling Stones. The Who's powerful and dynamic pop is evident  on `Catmelody.' Eric Clapton adds a tasteful blues guitar to `April Fool.'  There's even a touch of country on `Till The Rivers All Run Dry,' Rough Mix  is centered on acoustic guitar work, and has an overall live and laid back  feel. None of the superstars attempts to upstage the other - all seem to  work together as a cohesive group.<br />The most tender ballad here is  `Annie.' The song is especially touching considering the death of Ronnie  Lane in 1997. Rough-Mix is an excellent example of what superstars can  accomplish when they set their superegos aside.
6304712936|5.0|Even years after seeing this movie, It is still magical.  My DVD on my desktop computer is a piece of junk (thanks Compaq) but this movie is wonderful to watch over and over. For anyone who ever thought classical  music was for stuffies, this movie will open the door to a wider  appreciation of the music.
0140386335|5.0|This truly is a breath-taking book! If you've seen the movie, you'll know that this story has a variety of wonderful characters that will inspire the imaginations of those who hear it! I was a little leary when I picked it up (I'm 13)I was afraid that it would be too hard- it does carry a higher  reading level, but don't let that discourage you. This book includes the  entire story of the first two movies- but it's done correctly!  If you  hated the 2nd movie as much as I did, you'll be glad to know that this book  will stir your imagination more than the original movie did! If you've  never seen the movie- now's your chance to get in on the fantastic story of  what happens when a young boy takes a book from a bookstore- and enters the  world of Fantastica! Breathtaking work, detailed! I'm having trouble  figuring out where the author got so many wonderful ideas! Take the journey  to Fantastica with Bastian, Atreyu and all their friends, and you'll never  regret it!<br />Great for children, as well as adults ages 10+ up!
B00003CWPQ|4.0|The pace of 'Eyes Wide Shut' is slow, but it has to be. The bulk of the plot happens inside the minds of the main characters, and if the director picked up speed the viewer would have little idea what was going on.  Contrary to my expectations 'Eyes Wide Shut' is not a sensationalized  soft-porn flick. Yes we do see naked bodies but they are not central to the  plot. This movie is an in-depth study of the nature of the mind and how  powerful it can be. How it can seduce us and control us with, in the case  of our characters, jealousy, paranoia and imagination. The same principle  could easily translate to any other of the passions and for this reason I  found the film both interesting and thought provoking. If I can find any  serious fault in the film it would be how Nicole Kidman portrays her  character. Nicole is a beautiful woman but she mars her beauty by making  such an effort to appear sexy and seductive. She reminds me of your average  sixteen year old girl, convinced that the whole world is looking at her and  analysing her beauty - is her nose too big? - to small? is she too fat? -  too thin? The fact is, and any mature woman knows this, people don't see  beauty, they absorb it. And it isn't easy to absorb beauty when it's  shrouded in a phoney front. I would have enjoyed her, and the movie, more  if she had simply been natural.
078322804X|5.0|Belushi + Aykroyd= Hilarious! A strong plot and dangerously funny quirks will have you clapping at the TV! Great music, plotline and comedy will have you constantly rewinding and re-watching! What better than a  collector's ediotion? Pee your pants funny!
B00000IPAX|2.0|i admit that i do love blink,but they are sellouts.nothing wrong with sucess,but they strayed a little from their punk roots and early K-ROQ days to this processed pop Britney Spears junk. listen to siamese cat and then  to this new enema cd and tell me you dont hear a definite dif.they better  change or they will lose many dedicated fans,including me.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|This was a great CD! As good, if not better as the first! A variety of songs, from Affirmation to Two beds and a Coffee machine. Nice, compelling lyrics and as always, a good beat. Pick it up!
6305750750|3.0|I think that DVD enthusiasts should send a message to Mr. Lucas and not buy the video nor the DVD when he releases it in the year 3000, or when ever.  Star Wars and THX are synonymous with one another.  Star Wars means  digital, 5.1 sound and awesome video clarity.  You can not experience this  with the analog VHS release.  It's a shame that the movie industry thinks  it can make us wait on their terms.  I remember when the movie mongers who  made the Titanic tried to do the same thing.  And when they released the  the DVD version I chose not to buy it.  Let them suffer and eat the loss.   Again send a message to Mr. Lucas and make &quot;him&quot; wait instead.
B00004RE7C|1.0|Lots of Freezes &amp; little squares right on the first minute.This edition is to be avoided at all cost.I tested this title with 5 DVD discs and on 3 different DVD players and I just gave up on it and will wait for a  re-edition.<br />Paramount you're going to have a lot of disappointed trekkies  on you hand very soon.<br />I can't even give this DVD 1 star because it  doesn't even work properly.
B00000J7J4|5.0|OUTSTANDING CD!  SANTANA WAS ALWAYS A GREAT GROUP-SINCE THE 70'S!  CELEBRATE HIS EXPLOSION INTO 2000 WITH A MIXTURE OF FINE LISTENING. SMOOTH IS THE ULTIMATE!  If you enjoy this fantastic cd- explore Santana's past  ventures with prime hits like &quot;You've Got to Change Your Evil  Ways&quot; &amp; &quot;Evil Woman&quot;.
6304539258|5.0|With new scenes,restored footage and state of the art special effects,this special 20th anniversery edition of the George Lucas classic from long ago is a reborn masterpiece,that has captured the world again.Join Luke,the son  of skywalker as he imbarkes on an ancient jounery into a destinty that  would give freedom to a Galaxy.Starring(Mark Hamill as Luke  Skywalker,Harrison ford as the pirate Han Solo,and Carrie Fisher as  Princess Leia.
B00002Z88D|5.0|I believe that this is a very interesting album of metallicas'. who would ever think that metallica would play with a symphony. I think is a great album. Buy it. It's not like new metallica.............its old metallica,  with an awsome twist!
630575067X|1.0|watch the curling matches on CBC instead
6305750750|5.0|First off:  BIG STAR WARS FAN!  Anyway, there is a reason that Star Wars will not be on DVD for awhile.  Most people (see below) seem to think that George Lucas is either behind the times or not into technology because he  did not release it on DVD.  Well, to those of you, &quot;What are you  thinking! &quot;  Lucas's movies are of the highest caliber technology  movies in the history of the motion pictures.  Because of his films and  companies, technology is advancing faster and faster each year.  For this  reason, and the fact that he will film at least one of the next two on  digital film, George Lucas is obviously holding off on the DVD until the  technology is readily available, and when there is some standard for DVDs.<br />When he finally does release the DVDs (after the next two films are  completed and out of theaters) I'm sure there will be new footage and  features on all of them, uncluding the new trilogy prequels.  Lucas is a  mastermind marketer and has made a wise decision to hold off on the release  of the DVDs.<br />Each and every film of the Star Wars saga is an excellent  movie for all ages.  I recommed the widescreen editions because of the  amount of effort Lucas used in order to fill up the entire aspect ratio of  the screen.  Each frame of each movie is packed with visual information,  and hidden messages are everywhere.  What a great series!
6303332609|3.0|Sure this film is a bit stupid, but it was never meant to be taken seriously, as it features clowns..er.Klowns. Not too bad F/X and the film has its moments along with a nifty soundtrack at the end of the film.
0767836286|4.0|An odd occurrence of events that leads the viewer from one thing to another.  It truly was a thriller that could have been based on notes from a psychology professor, which made it so enjoyable, but at the same time  stressful as the plot unfolds.  It is a movie to be remembered
B000002O4X|5.0|John Barry has written the perfect score for this wonderful movie/story.  Each time I listen to the soundtrack, I see the movie all over again, in my mind.  If you have not seen the movie, you will enjoy the music for exactly  what it is - magnificent melodies that just 'take you away'.  I highly  recommend it!
B000001E8P|5.0|I like this band a lot. I bought this album 3 years ago and I keep listening over and over. Especially Disco 2000 and Something Changed. Although the rest of the songs are great too. The point is, this is the  best album I've ever had.
B000000WFZ|5.0|I have loved Ennio Morricone's music since I saw 'The Red Tent' way back when.  On 'The 'Mission', tracks 1,2,3,5,8,11,13 are just the most moving pieces I have heard.  Amazing, simply amazing.  If you buy and like this  one, be sure to get 'Love Affair's soundtrack (the one with Warren Beatty  and Anette Bening).  Tracks 5 - 14 are just as moving.  I am constantly in  awe of the melodies Morricone creates....Enjoy!
B00003CWL5|5.0|You've heard the hype about American Beauty but it's better just to see it for yourself. Everyone will take with them a different perspective of it. I don't like to use the term 'life-affirming', but that's precisely what this  film is. The message is rammed home with the subtlety of a sledgehammer,  but I actually saw this film with someone who took some aspects of the film  too literally. The world of American Beauty is dark, miserable and pitiful.  Yet it's also honest in it's caustic social satire. This could be any  sleepy suburb of Americana. No matter how bleak American Beauty appears to  be, it comes up smelling of roses.
B000046PVN|5.0|I don't know why it is, but Rhino packages and reissues soundtracks better than anyone else.  Being the owner of the Rhino soundtracks to &quot;Ben-Hur,&quot; &quot;Night of Dark Shadows,&quot;  &quot;Poltergeist,&quot; and &quot;North by Northwest,&quot; respectively,  I could not wait to purchase the full score to John Williams' superb  &quot;Superman - the Movie.&quot;  I am not disappointed.  All the  wonderfully exciting and poignant melodies are here, including the vocals  of &quot;Lois&quot; herself, Margot Kidder.  With the addition of cuts not  featured in the original release - which I also own - this disc is a true  film buff's delight.  The release is a feast for the ears as well as the  eyes.  A plethora of &quot;tidbits&quot; and photos adorn the accompanying  booklet which adds to one's appreciation of the labor devoted to this  mammoth undertaking.  The London Symphony has never sounded better! Twenty  years ago I could not decide which was the better of the two, Williams'  score to this film or &quot;Star Wars.&quot;  Now that a full rendition is  available to &quot;Superman,&quot; my mind is made up.  &quot;Superman&quot; SOARS higher!
0679805273|5.0|Dr. seuss was and forever will be a genius.  My best friends and I went on tour last summer and on our way to Red Rocks we stopped to camp in the beautiful Colorado forest.  Before we went to bed,in our tents,after a wonderful day,My friend Jamie read us a bed time story,&quot;oh, the Places  You'll Go.&quot;  That was the first time I heard it and it was amazing!  It was perfect for the time because the energy was so HIGH we could move  mountains!  I love this book and feel everyone should experience it!
B00003CWRX|5.0|I wasn't quite sure if I would like this film or not, it didn't appeal to me too much in theaters and when it got the Oscar nomination it was already out of theaters, so I hd to wait to see it on DVD.  (I rented it a few days  before it was officially released.)  I only wish I had it for a few more  days so I could watch it again.  It is one of those movies you think about  for a few days after you watch it...I am considering buying it.  The  direction was outstanding, and I believe this movie is probably better than  any of the other nominees, excluding AMERICAN BEAUTY, which I still haven't  seen.  I can see why so many critics loved this film, it really gets into  the conflict and the characters.  There is some good acting here,  especially from Al Pacino (who perhaps should have been nominated instead  of Sean Penn), Christopher Plummer, and Russel Crowe, who WAS nominated.  I  also really liked Gina Gershon in her small role.  Overall, well-acted and  extremely well-directed, engrossing with great music and good ending.  I  recommend this to any fan of dramas.
B000000OAN|5.0|&quot;A night at the opera&quot; es en mi modesta opinion el mejor album de la historia del rock. Me importa un huevo, lo que digan los analfaburros de los criticos (= msicos frustrados). Este album contiene la mejor  cancion de la historia (si es esa en la que estas pensando). Es imposible  sonar mas contundente, mas heavy, mas romantico y mejor que con  &quot;Bohemian Rhapsody&quot;. Pero este solo es una de las genialidades  que compusieron en autentico estado de gracia el cuarteto britanico.  &quot;Death on two legs&quot; con la que se abre el disco, aporta uno de  los comienzos mas misteriosos, oscuros y potentes de la historia (amo ese  piano). Y la letra que. Es una sucesion de insultos hacia el manager que  les habia hecho la vida imposible. Bien, tambien es cierto que hay temas  que rozan lo cursi (Lazing on a Sunday Afternoon, Seaside Rendezvous)pero  haber quien tiene cojones para hacer canciones con el gancho y la aparente  sencillez de estas. Aunque el bohemian se lleva toda la gloria, no hay que  olvidarse de ese trallazo que es &quot;The Prophets song&quot;, la cual  golpea casi mas fuerte con su letra que con su musica. Y eso es dificil.  Ademas Freddie Mercury compone la mejor balada de Queen, &quot;Love of my  life&quot; que cada vez que la oigo, no se si enamorarme de alguien o  llorar a moko tendido. Roger Taylor aporta su mejor tema en solitario  (junto con &quot;Drowse&quot;) que es &quot;Im in love with my car&quot;  que retumba en tus altavoces. &quot;39&quot; es la gran aportacion de Brian  May, con una de las letras mas complejas (es pura astronomia) de la  historia de Queen y John Deacon ofrece el lado mas comercial pero mas  inteligente y bien hecho como es &quot;Youre my best friend&quot;. Uno de  los discos que mas haya escuchado desde el ao 93 en la casa de mi colega  Jose Luis, y sin duda alguna mi favorito. Para mi es insuperable.
B00000I8BX|5.0|Let me start off by saying this, I'm not a metal head, the closest thing to metal I own is Tool and some industrial bands like KMFDM or Ministry. But Fear Factory is a metal band, maybe not 24-7 but good enough. I seen  the videos to &quot;Resurrection&quot; and &quot;Cars&quot;. I thought  &quot;Resurrection&quot; was interesting the way they mixed the string  section in (it sounds even better with the headphones) and I love  &quot;Cars&quot;, especially with Gary Numan in it. When I got it the only  songs I liked were the aforementioned and &quot;Timelessness&quot;. Yeah, I  know, the softest songs. When I listened to it throughout I realized these  guys have a Ministry influence but sound more like 'Machine Metal', less  effects, more metal. Reading the story board along with the album  (unoriginal idea but written very nicely) helped out, kinda like an audio  comic book. The other exta songs are only so-so. In the end I realized I  liked it a lot, heavy, but fun.
B000002UB3|5.0|I've read several of the comments and most were right on about the music. Amazing that people are referring to this album as the Beatles Swan Song considering this was their last recording. How many artists can you recall  that can create even at the end of their run? Few...Few far too few can  still churn them out as the beatles did.(Obviously Dylan, Van Morrison,  Post Beatles McCartney, Lennon and Harrison, John Williams for the movie  scores  but the list does not go on and on) The music is pure heaven.  Kudo's to George Martin for his production efforts. You'll really  appreciate his artistry if you've bought the post beatle recording takes  (the one where you can hear lennon playing guitar for Mean Mister Mustard).  Ah, the melody is John, Paul and Georges but the end product in part  belongs to Mr. Martin too. The beatles were so far ahead of the curve and  it's evidenced by what they did on Abbey Road. Come Together might be the  first song with a quasi rap beat, Something... well it's something else!  How did Harrison conjure up such a sweet flowing melody as that. &quot;I  Don't Know&quot;, I Don't Know&quot;. I could go on...but it would be  fruitless. If you can't find any heaven in Abbey Road, nothing will ale  you.Listen to &quot;She Came in Through the Bathroom Window&quot; and hear  Paul etch out his higher note Knew as in She thought I KNEW the answer. He  still couldn't stop paying tribute to Little Richard. Pure Heaven. The only  thing wrong with the album is that it comes to an end. It's is probably one  of the top 5 recordings of all time. I wouldn't be suprised if it remains  so in the years to come. Do yourself a favor, order the CD and just Listen.  If ever there was a time for using the two ears that god gave you do it  when Abbey Road is playing. After a while you'll be singing too. Yeah Yeah  Yeah!
B00000K2XB|3.0|David Shepard's new restoration of The Cabinet of DoctorCaligari (Kino Video Release) contains additional footage--notpresented in this VHS version--as well as original art deco intertitles &amp; a better translation.  Unlike the Kino/Shepard &quot;cut&quot;, this version of Caligari is, as Robert Keppler puts it, incomplete, &quot;poorly translated, &amp; taken from negatives that were shot from inferior angles, thus cutting out a lot of important details in the picture itself.
0440234743|3.0|Although the Testament was definitely not Grisham's best work, it had an interesting plot and kept me entertained.  I found some of the underlying themes to be a little far-fetched, such as an alcoholic, drug-addict lawyer  suddenly being transformed into some saintly-type person just by spending a  few days in the Brazilian jungle with a Christian missionary, but perhaps  that is just me. The Phelan heirs' charactacters were well developed, and  the adventure in Brazil made me wish I lived somewhere warmer, so I suppose  the book served its purpose...a decent legal thriller.
B00000K2SC|5.0|this is the best movie ever made! it is an excellant movie and i reccomed it to everyone!
B00004RJ74|5.0|Some people dont like this movie. Thats their choice. I think that if you take this movie too seriously or if you are all about &quot;romanticizing&quot; vampires, then this movie really isnt for you.  Its got descent special effects, good acting, especially Clooney, and an Ok  plot. Granted, the ending could have been a little better, but it is still  pretty good. Unfortunatly, one of the coolest things about the movie i  think is the tattoo that CLooney's character has. If you dont finish the  film, you dont get to see the whole tattoo and trust me, its really cool.  So check this out if you like vampires and tough guy characters.
B00001SIES|4.0|In a world of stagnant, corporate crap comes at least a shiny glimmer of hope in the form of Muse and Showbiz. This is not a groundbraking album, nor is it particularly fantastic, but what it does show is that somewhere  there is at least some hope for rock music. It starts with the erie yet  fantastic 'Sunburn' and then completely grips you with the superbly crafted  stand out track 'Muscle Museum.' Some of the album, it has to be said is  quite pedestrian and passable but within the mire there are some absolute  gems. Radiohead comparisons can be thrown out the window as there is no way  Thom Yorke could produce the raw energy that thunders through some of these  songs. This is best seen in the explosive 'Showbiz' which makes you wonder  of the possibilities for Muse in the future.
0140177396|5.0|I expected this book to not be good at all but it was excellent..the relationship between george and lenny touched me..it is an excellent book with many themes
B000023VR6|5.0|I think that Dr Dre's album is brilliant i have not been much of a rap fan for long but i think that Dr Dre is one of the best singers along with Eminem. This is definatly one of his best albums yet my favourite songs  being &quot;bang bang&quot; and &quot;whats the difference! I really do  give this Album a high score of performance because i think that he is an  amazing singer! Well done Dre!
B00000AOUD|5.0|Perhaps Jethro Tull's best work ever.  Thick As A Brick is the full package.  The polyphonic musical textures create a canvas on which the poetic lyrics unfold.  This album is great to listen to again and again...  and is a must have for anyone who enjoyes well written music.  This cd  provides a thematic journey into the realm of Jethro Tull.
6300263673|5.0|I loved this movie. I saw this not too long ago. I had seen the movoie Titanic and thought &quot;poor boy meets rich girl, how cozy.&quot; But now I see where the inspiration was! The movies music makes you want to dance,  and the coreograpy makes you could dance like that with Patrick Swayze. I  loved it and I give it 5 stars.
B00003XB8K|5.0|When I saw an average four stars rating I was very disapointed. However after listening the album I realised that this was Enigma better than ever. Congratulations!
B00000J7JO|5.0|Every song on this CD has the potential to be a top 10 hit.  Some songs are mellow and others are funky with a 70's acid rock edge.  Reading the lyrics is like reading a book of poetry.  My favorite song on this CD is  &quot;Road Trippin'&quot;.  Thanks RHCP, your music is inspiring.
0140288503|4.0|A mind blowing account of international intervention gone horribly wrong. My heart goes out all those who died on those streets and the families that lost them.   I had to force myself to wade through the arrogance and the  frequent hoo-ra!centric world view of the narrator to fully experience this  truly sad and graphic story of modern war.  The blaise way in which US  soldiers shoot other human beings with little evidence of remorse or  relfection is something I struggled with as I read. But I would be hard  pressed to find another novel that is as edgy and aggressive, that at times  I had to remind myself that I was not reading fiction. I never knew that  bullets could do so much different damage to the human body. Oceans to  blood...oceans of tears.
0784010528|1.0|Oliver Stone's portrayal of the Doors and Jim Morrison is extreme and in many cases untrue and exaggerated.  He takes the events of the Doors and binds them into cliche rock band problems that never happened.  The UCLA  film by Jim Morrison was never that extreme, and there were a lot more  inaccuracies in the movie.  If you want a true account of the Doors, read  Light My Fire by Ray Manzarek.
B000002KO3|5.0|Coming from the previous and very urban-menace-tinged &quot;Fear of Music&quot;, this album is something of the flipside of that release. Suddenly, the world rushes into the little NYC cubicle of that album and  invades with all sorts of new sounds and ideas, some optimistic, some even  darker and bleaker than before. David Byrne emerges from the 'dark night'  of &quot;Fear...&quot; and lyricizes here like a man possessed of some  vision or second-sight. At one point, he's 'The Government Man', at another  he follows the mysterious Mojique thru the Listening Wind blowing across  some mysterious Levantine night. The album ends with &quot;The  Overload&quot;...a fitting end, a theme-song for the blowing of some  massive psychic fuse, the only proper end for an album of this amazing  depth and portent. Joined here by the likes of Adrian Belew, Bernie  Worrell, Jon Hassell, Steve Scales, et al, the band rolls and grooves like  nothing before or really since behind the oracular proclamations of Byrne.  This is the Talking Heads at the peak...from here, 'down' is the only real  direction they could go.
B000001BX0|4.0|En este disco puedes encontrar no solo buena musica si te gusta el gnero, tambien puedes encontrar un sentimiento de protesta combinado con algo de humor negro y con los caracteristicos dobles sentidos del lenguaje mexicano  (recomiendo visitar el sitio de molotov si no entienden algunas palabras)
