6304493681|4.0|Ghost in the Shell is one of those movies that you must see more than once to really benefit from the complexities of the story.  But once you understand what is really going on, it is fairly easy to follow.  The acting is fairly decent but does suffer from some stiffness, this in part because of the translation from Japanese to English.  Thankfully it doesn't detract from the overall experience and mood of the film.<br /><br />The coloring is great with a lot of contrast, paying special attention to the theme of the movie, science fiction.  Sadly the color scheme does become drab and a little boring, but that tends to be a staple in sci-fi animation.  What does shine in the film is the animation, although several years old, the animation is able to stand alone as some of the best that I have seen.<br /><br />The DVD does offer several bonus features, highly uneventful.  \\"The Making of `Ghost In The Shell'\\" is unbearably boring.  It is presented in a cheap first year community college media project where many of the Japanese staff is interviewed.  These interviews are completely done in Japanese with unreadable English subtitles.<br /><br />Overall, if you want a smart, intelligent and challenging movie, then you should at least rent it.  If you're looking for one of the best anime movies in existence, then this is it.
B000001FT7|4.0|This was a contractual obligation album. Winwood and Chris Blackwell weren't happy with the slapdash way United Artists had sliced and diced the first album and the release of the odds and ends Last Exit. So they decided to give UA this album instead of Low Spark. They both had a feeling Low Spark was going to be a big hit and it was in the US. Despite its pedigre WTTC stands as the band's best live album.<br />Suffering from poor mixing and/or recording WTTC manages to transcend its limitations. The band brings each song to life with fire and intensity. The inclusion of original member Dave Mason adds to the power. I have to disagree about the Spencer Davis Group cuts. I believe that the band manages to turn these R&amp;B work outs inside out and redesign them for the Traffic sound.
B000056JYC|5.0|Who would have ever thought that this rock staple could be improved upon, but that's what has happened with this special edition of &quot;Frampton Comes Alive&quot;. Me like many other people have bought this album more than once over the years, in fact I can remember playing my cassette copy of this album until it snapped!!! For this reissue the original running order of the some of the tracks has been changed slightly which may or may not delight purists but four songs that were not part of the original album have been included, which is a great bonus. The thing that impressed me most is how much brighter and clearer the sound is. Remixed from the original multitrack tapes the sound quality is almost explosive, and the original remastering done by Doug Sax five years ago was excellent, but this new version, WATCH OUT!!! The booklet that comes with the package is great and gives new insight to this classic album. Classic rock at it's very best.
158234082X|4.0|Anthony Bourdain, self-proclaimed &quot;thrill-seeking, pleasure-hungry, sensualist, always looking to shock, amuse, terrify and manipulate, seeking to fill that empty spot in my soul with something new,&quot; gives a sampling in this book of his life as a chef.  He begins by explaining his first experiences really noticing and appreciating food at a young age on a trip to France.  Bourdain goes on to explain how him and some hoodlum friends find themselves in the food business, and get involved in quite the trashy lifestyle.  Then he has a realization that he wants to be a chef and heads to the Culinary Institute of America.  He goes on to tell about the dark recesses of the restaurant underbelly, including struggling at the bottom of the &quot;food chain&quot; in many restaurants, making and learning from many mistakes, and revealing the the true nature of the rough crowd that thrives in restaurant kitchens.  <br />Some of the highlights include chapters on how to cook like the pros (where he gives some good tips and advice for all of us in the ignorant populace), what to be warry of on restaurant menus and what type of restaurants to avoid (including his soapbox speech on vegetarians and why they are &quot;the enemy of everything good and decent in the human spirit&quot; - I am a vegetarian by the way and you can tell that I am so offended), and of course the hilarious chapter on why people who want to own restaurants are sick in the head.  The first paragraph of this chapter is a classic.<br />This book does contain quite a bit of foul language.  Also, a few sections of this book can drag on with a ton of detail about absolutely everything that goes on in the kitchen, but all in all this book is quite amusing.  There are many more highlights that those I pointed out, and I do recommend this book to anyone interested in learning more about the realities of the restaurant world.
B00004W55E|5.0|From start to finish, to repeat again, this CD will  take you into Rachelle Ferelle's world and will have you wanting more from this vocal genius. The voice, the voice, the voice, is all I can say, Ms. Ferell has talent and it shows through on this CD. I wish I could give girlfriend 10 stars<br />She lends her out-of-this world voice and vocal range to every song making it unique in its own way, but the last song - yall, if  u only   listen to this  CD once (which any sane person would not do!)  whether you borrow someone's or listen to it in the store, please, PLEASE, PLEASE, play the last track, &quot;I Can Explain&quot; - this song will give you shivers, her voice will have you in tears and your ears will bask in Ferrell's flow...this is a definite must-have for those who are getting into the so-called &quot;neo soul&quot; genre and are tired of these lame R&amp;B soloists 'trying' to get they sing on...   But more importantly, Ferell can sang no matter what genre label you put on her and this CD is definitely a  testament to that fact<br />Check it out
B00000J7SO|5.0|The editorial review I saw on this site , which makes some attempt to associate this album in any way with Neil Diamond seems to me way off base.<br />I am a Neil Diamond fan, but there is nothing he has ever put out, in my opinion, that comes close to even the worst Bob Dylan song.<br />To Dylan fans out there, I urge you not to allow this editorial review influence you.  This is a great album, although I agree a few of the tracks are a little long (playing time).<br />As far as Neil Diamond running a &quot;tight ship&quot;, I am sure that is true, but let's not allow a comparison between a pop star and a real poet/musician.
0465068359|5.0|The Western, or at least Anglo-American, view of World War II included two villains, but the Nazis were by far the more evil of the two, even though the cruelty of the Japanese was generally considered greater.  This long overdue book offers a glimpse of what many East Asian victims of the Japanese have long felt -- that the Japanese imperialists at least equalled the Germans in their evil.  While the reviewer does not necessarily believe this to be true, in his view it is vital for the West to understand this portion of Asian history if it is to deal with important nations such as China, Korea and Japan.<br />Many reviewers of this book have stated that the Japanese atrocities are no different from other wars and certainly no different from the wars of conquest conducted by the white man.  This may be true.  However, this gives little solace to the East Asian victims.  Imperial Japan does not really look &quot;better&quot; because other, principally European nations have also committed horrendous crimes against humanity.  What it does demonstrate, however, is that the legacy of Western imperialism is too lightly dismissed in our (humanity's) collective consciousness.<br />When Japan unleashed its fury on all of Asia, only China and Thailand had some measure of de facto independence.  The other Asian nations were colonized by Britain, the Netherlands, France, the U.S. and Japan.  It is little wonder that the fight against Germany is portrayed as a fight for Christendom, whereas the fight against Japan was... so white colonists could get rid of Japanese ones?!  The West turned a blind eye on its subject peoples when Japan attacked their colonies.  China stood alone for four years until Pearl Harbor.  The Nanjing Massacre stands as a testament to Chinese resolve, and to fascist Japan's undying debt to the people of Asia.<br />This book may not be the best piece of scholarship, but it deserves five stars for being one of the first in the West.  May it invite more scholars to examine the legacy of imperial Japan.
B000056HOZ|4.0|Anyone ever notice how Bruce's characters travel through his songs and show up over time in strategic places?  For instance, Mary shows up in &quot;Thunder Road&quot; and then in &quot;The River&quot;  and finally in &quot;Straight Time&quot; from &quot;Ghost.&quot;  What a journey from youthful idealism to reality crash to acceptance of the hard ways of the world.   And I think that free and innocent guy from &quot;Born to Run&quot; wound up with nowehere left to run on &quot;Born in the USA&quot; and then found a sense of peace on &quot;Better Days.&quot; But maybe that's just me.  Anyway, this is a stunning collection: part inspiring, part touching, part hard nose storytelling.  The DVD format is fantastic. I got a state of the art home theatre system and this thing sounded great. I liked the newer clips as well as the old ones.  My favorites: &quot;57 Channels&quot; for the humor(and the only time I've seen Bruce play bass) &quot;Secret Garden&quot; for the  depiction of REAL women which is rare in videos &quot;If I Should Fall Behind&quot; who knew all those guys could sing so beautifully! well, I already knew from their solo records but it was nice to be reminded...&quot;The River&quot; at that point was brand new..could you imagine hearing that thing before it was released? &quot;Leap of Faith&quot;-this one really captures the spirit of the live shows &quot;Glory Days&quot;-in a bar no less....I guess these guys have always really just aspired to be a great bar band...somehow they became something more... The only problem I have is that there are not more extensive liner notes..... Also, did anyone notice that new song at the end; it plays over the credits.  If that's Bruce singing, it sounds unlike anything I've ever heard from him.  It's probably called something like &quot;Lift Me Up&quot;...it is uncredited.....it's just proof that his career continues(which is lucky for us) and he continues to sing a new song....Thanks, Bruce.....
B00005221M|5.0|I didn't buy the original DVD Director's cut because so many reviewers chopped it to pieces.  When I saw the DTS version coming I had to buy it, and I'm glad I did.  I watched it for the first time today, and I can honestly say... great movie, great DVD.  The filming of this movie is just phenominal.  The natural setting looks like painted pictures.  The cinematography is relentless, the soundtrack vibrant, and the acting is about as good as it gets.  This is a great piece of history, literature, and film all in one.  Memorable scene after scene is presented as this baby clicks on all cylinders.  This is truly one of the most under-appreciated films of the last 30 years.  It works as a romance, an action film, and a historical film.  I saw no ghost images or other problems associated with the last DVd version.  I'll leave it to others to search frame by frame for problems.  This film was noted for it's sound, and the DVD dts only enhances it.  From the first sequence (tracking the deer) to the final, exhilerating action climax (the fight on the hilltop trail) you'll watch this again and again.  5 stars!!  Daniel Day-lewis is just incredible!  Some of the action sequences (saving Cora, for instance) are examples that should be shown in film school.  This is certainly one to buy.  The aspect ratio is 1:2.35 for the reviewers who complained about the previous DVD issue.  If you haven't seen this excellent film, and you love movies, this is your next film to see.
B000002LQR|5.0|this album is one of my favorite albums out of a few hundred cds. anytime i put it on, it never fails to satisfy.  these guys are some of the craziest, funkiest guys around, and they put that fun lovin' stuff into their music.  all of the songs on this disc will lift you up and put a smile on your face while you rock out.  i know for sure this is one of the albums my kids will listen to.
B000006TRV|5.0|I WAS INTRODUCED TO PINK FLOYD BY THIS LAND MARK ALBUM NEARLY 8 YEARS AGO. INITIALLY I TOOK IT AS A PIECE OF SCRAP, CAUSE I WAS NOT INTO THIS KIND OF MUSIC AT THAT TIME. BUT THEN WITH THE PASSAGE OF TIME IT TURNED OUT TO BE MOST AMAZING ALBUM FOR ME, EVER PRODUCED IN THE WHOLE ERA OF ROCK MUSIC. I AGREE WITH ONE OF MY FELLOW REVIEWERS THAT IT'S REALLY A JOURNEY THROUGH MADNESS. THIS IS ALTERNATIVE, PSHYCHEDELIC ROCK AT IT'S BEST. MORE PRECISELY TO SAY, IT IS A COLLECTION OF MOODS AND YOU CANNOT FIND SO MUCH MOODS AND SHADES OF LIFE ANYWHERE ELSE IN ANY MUSIC COLLECTION, IT HAS EVERYTHING FROM LIFE TO DEATH, FROM AGGRESSION OF WAR TO THE MELONCHOLY OF PEACE, FROM ECSTACY OF JOY TO RETALIATION OF VIOLENCE, FROM TENDERNESS OF MOTHERHOOD TO THE FEAR OF BRUTAL, FROM FRUSTATION OF LOSS TO THE CURE FOR PAIN. AND WHAT ELSE I CAN SAY? THESE GUYS ARE TRUE GENIUS. A PERFECT COMBINATION OF LIFE MOODS INTO THE LYRICS AND A BRILLIANT CONVERSION AND EXECUTION OF THESE LYRICS INTO MUSIC. FOR THOSE OF YOU, WHO LIKE CONTEMPORARY ALTERNATIVE ROCKERS, MUST LISTEN TO THIS AND YOU WOULD CERTAINY KNOW THAT PINK FLOYD RULES ARE ASTONISHINGLY ABSTARCT AND WAY AHEAD FROM THESE HOLLOW CONTEMPORARIES. AWESOME LYRICS, STUNNING MUSIC, AND A WONDERFUL UNION OF MASTER MINDS, ESPECIALLY DAVID GILMOUR AND ROGER WATERS. THIS BAND IS SIMPLY THE LEADER IN IT'S GENRE. GIVE IT A LISTEN YOU WILL DEFINITELY FIND OUT. CHAOS!
B000035Z1Z|3.0|We've all seen Meg Ryan and Kevin Kline do much better than this film. But this serves well as a romance to watch on a rainy day. The scenery is fantastic and Kline, one you can always count on to turn in a fantastic performance, is great (at his &quot;bad little boy&quot; best). But Ryan appears to be trying to outshine Kline by going COMPLETELY over the top into shrillness instead of just shining by being real. But I forgive almost anything that puts Kevin Kline in a film!
6305648522|5.0|I have watched this movie probably a hundred times and everytime it moved me to tears by the end. It's one of the best movies of all times -- and not just foreign films. It's nostalgic, sentimental (but not pretentious), warm... I can't find a single word that would describe this movie. The first time I saw it, the ending simply surprised me and made me cry. And ever since, everytime I saw it, tears would come without warning. A truly magical movie -- about love, loss, passion, dreams, memories, kindness, and just being human.<br />I would have voted it Best Picture.
B00003CXE6|4.0|Action!  Action!  Action!  That sums up this thrilling movie. <br />The opening battle scene sets the stage for this intense film.  It grabs your interest and keeps you on the edge of your seat throughout the entire film.<br />Russell Crowe plays Maximus, a once-wronged soldier now fighting for justice.  Ancient Rome was nicely replicated in this film, as I truly felt like I was one of the townspeople during the movie.  The background setting and props used were fantastic, and they all added to the overall feel of the movie.  <br />Crowe was exceptional.  Not only did he look the part, but his acting was wonderful in this role.  Joaquin Phoenix was downright scary in his excellent role.  His evil, incest-loving character was portrayed perfectly, and frankly he made me hate him, so he did his job well.  You could feel the intensity between the two every time that they were on the screen together.  <br />The plot was a little shaky at parts, but it flowed rather nicely during the the long film.  Throw in an amazing musical score by Hans Zimmer, and you have one complete film.  The fighting scenes alone are worth the price of the video.  These exciting scenes are tremendous and you won't be able to stop yourself from cheering Maximus along.  <br />This film is exciting, action-packed, and yes, it is quite graphic.  However, the thrill more than makes up for the gory details.  Gladiatior will not disappoint.
B00005214X|5.0|I thought I would keep this short and sweet.  If you are looking at this page, you already know the majestic sounds on this album makes it one of the best works by a solo Beatle.  What about the remaster?<br />It sounds great.  Mind you it is not a remix, just a remaster.  However, I hear things in the mix that I have not heard before.  The simple fact is that it sounds much more cleaner.<br />The bonus tracks extends the CD almost 22 minutes longer than the original CD that was put out over a decade ago.<br />The packaging contains new artwork, all the lyrics, and new liner notes by George.  You cannot go wrong!
B000002AHC|5.0|This album, which is certainly the Byrds best album, deserves comparison to Sgt. Pepper, Beggars Banquet, Pet Sounds, Blonde on Blonde and the other crowning achievements of that era, but, in my view, is the best of them. I certainly continue to listen to it more than the others (with Pet Sounds a close second--I confess some days I place Pet Sounds higher). The majestic beauty and aural impact of this record is truly breath-taking, although I wonder how much a new listener coming to it today and just listening casually will appreciate all its splendors. Enough has been said elsewhere about the particulars, so I won't repeat, but will say that the first half is slightly stronger than the second; indeed side one from the LP (Artificial Energy to Get To You) is the most perfect side of music I know. In regard to the last hidden track, eavesdropping on a band fight, I have a different view than some other commenters. I think it is truly amazing, the most authentic document we have of a band (any band)literally falling apart, and I thank the powers that be (Roger McGuinn?) for having the integrity to release this raw, brutal and sad coda to the most productive era of one of the great (okay, the greatest, if you must know) bands of the 60s.
B0000541AM|5.0|&quot;The Warriors&quot; is not your average mind-numbing action flick in that it has a good story and well-developed characters. The acting is actually pretty decent, too (look for a young Mercedes Ruehl). I was introduced to this movie only a few years ago, but it immediately became a much-beloved member of my extensive video collection.  Since then, I have screened this movie for various people and the response is unanimous - awesome!!<br />The result of viewing this movie repeatedly with friends is almost always the same: if you watch this at party, count the minutes until slips their fingers into three beer bottles, clinks them together and chants &quot;Warriors...come out to plaa-aay!&quot;  And I dare you to listen to Joe Walsh's &quot;In the City&quot; ever again without conjuring up memories of this cool movie.<br />Joe Bob Briggs used to play this frequently on TNT's MonsterVision. I always wondered why until I finally watched the entire movie and was stunned at the heavy feeling of suspense I felt as the condemened Warriors were stalked through the gritty, dangerous (eerie?) streets of New York City in the dead of night.  This is by no means a horror movie; however, the pervasive fear and anxiety that runs rampant throughout the film is enough to induce extensive nail-bighting. (One is almost reminded of another attempt at this urban horror scenario in 1993's &quot;Judgement Night&quot; with Cuba Gooding Jr and Emilio Estevez).<br />For all of you undecided viewers out there, I highly recommend The Warriors.  This one has become one of my favorite late-Saturday-night video staples.  And if you, like me, are a fan of gritty New York street movies (i.e Taxi Driver), this one definitely deserves space on your video shelf. It is an action/suspense classic and one that you will enjoy for years to come. <br />Can you dig it???
B00004XOWM|2.0|Is there any other way to describe this album, other than using the word trash? I have never listened to a more copied, unthoughtout album in my life. I mean  Limp Bizkit was good on 3 dollar bill and sig other kept them going. but this is (....) how can u put out an album using the same riffs and useless lyrics. the only reason i gave this album  2 stars instead of one was becuz i enjoy &quot;hold on&quot; which features Scott Weilend (i belive) the rest are repetitive and meaningless. limp would be cool without fred but nothing will ever happen to limp since fred is head of interscope. too bad for jon, sam, wes and dj lethal. quite talented guys too.
B0000524E5|5.0|Wow.<br />This video was incredible. I had seen the previews, and thought that it may be a good movie, but it exceeded my expectations. You all know what it is like when you anticipate viewing a video so much that when you see it it is a dissappointment, but not this one. The casting director did a marvelous job picking the actors. Piper is a fresh face that fits the part. I loved how she had this assertiveness to her, and that cute Aussie guy.... can we say stacked? The movie is not only realistic, but has some great bar dancing coreography. It was a great movie and is definately worth buying, or at least go to the video store and rent it.
0790733919|4.0|Baby boomers love this film.  It reconnects them to the pre-Yuppie period of their lives when they saw themselves as James Dean/Paul Newman rebels against The Man.  Now they are The Man, but they can still get misty-eyed watching Cool Hand Luke and pretending to be like him.<br />Plenty of posts have mentioned the Christ-allusions, which show that this film operates somewhere in the realm of myth and allegory.  The problem with cinematic myth and allegory is that characters easily become caricatures.  Luke has personality, but every other prisoner but Kennedy's character seems to be just an Everyman as foil to Luke's greatness.  Nobody else has any fight, intelligence, or charisma?  As every jeweler knows, it is a cheap trick to make a jewel look brighter by placing it amongst junk.<br />This film is like a lazy stroll through a garden.  It can be slow going, but there are some real pleasures.  The oft-mentioned egg-eating scene is one example.  So too Luke's punishment digging, refilling, and redigging the ditch.<br />I don't know what was going through the minds of the Oscar judges when they awarded the Best Supporting Actor trophy to George Kennedy.  His role is interesting and (as the Judas figure) crucial, but as always he overplays it.  Whereas Paul Newman and all of the prison officials give naturalistic performances, George Kennedy is a hambone.<br />Also straining credulity is that these prisoners almost never fight.  (But there is one good fight scene between Newman and Kennedy.)  Indeed, this is the least menacing group of convicts you could hope to come across.  Also, for a prison film it is oddly asexual.  In one scene the prisoners lust after a busty blond washing her car, but she makes no further appearances.  Possible homosexuality amongst the prisoners might be hinted at, but it's hard to tell.  (Dancing together, jumping rope in tandem with the same rope.)  Thus the ever-present risk of rape in male prisons doesn't rear its head here.
B000021Y77|5.0|Run Lola Run is perhaps one of the best films to come out of Germany.  The film shows the audiance an endless world of possibilities, coincidence, and irony that can occur as Lola has twenty minutes to find 100,000 Deutsch Marks to save her boyfriend's life.  Three different runs are shown, each with its own unique impact on the life of Lola and the characters who she encounters in the twenty minutes.  Although very artisticly done, it can appeal to many audiences with its wonderful mix of humor, drama, and violence.  I highly recommend the dvd over video since one has the option to watch the movie in German or English, with (or without) English and French subtitles.
B000002AHC|5.0|There's not much I can write about this that the other reviewers haven't written, except to say that this is perhaps the finest example of what McGuinn called an &quot;electronic magazine&quot; - The Byrds took the rock music world someplace it had never been before, and the best compliment that can be paid to them is that other bands are still learning from them and holding them in the highest esteem.
B00004YRQA|3.0|This memory card is a must if you intend to save games.  It's very expensive for the low storage capability, but unfortunately there isn't any other alternatives right now. ...  I already have it half full and only saved a few games data.  4 games to be exact.  Dynasty warriors 2, Madden, SSX and NHL takes up 2 megabytes by itself.  You will easily fill this card up in no time.
B000002ACR|5.0|I just want to share my appreciation for all the other reviewers who gave this album outstanding reviews.  The Byrds, at their best, as they are here, are simply the best.  So long as people are listening to gorgeous remastered albums like this, The Byrds continue their timeless flight...
B00004U8JU|5.0|Throughout the decades there have been classic movies of its time.  70's: One Flew Over the Cukcoo's Nest, Dog Day Afternoon, The Exorcist.  80's: Ghandi, Amadeus, Platoon. 90's: Silence Of The Lambs, Forrest Gump, JURASSIC PARK.  It was a break through in computer graphics making this movie and when Steven Speilberg got the actors he got some very down-to-earth people who can act very well and are very believable.  This was based on Micheal Chrictons novel (an excellent book) and they are somewhat similar a few changes from book to movie but they were good and they worked.  The script was very good and the direction was great.  You just know it came from the mind of Steven Speilberg.
B000002I4S|5.0|For too long I had listened to Miles &amp; sort of avoided Coltrane's work, partly out of fear of overbearingly religious tones. I should have been slapped around, but eventually I knew I must get some of it, within the same week I bought The Avant-Garde [w/ Don Cherry] &amp; Giant Steps. This is such a phenomenally brilliant &amp; beautiful album &amp; I am content to play it everyday, &amp; the alternate of 5 of the 7 tunes don't sound like repetition. Someone said about the breakthru of the opening title track &amp; then said it was unemotional, whilst I'm unfamilar w/ his earlier work, I do not belive Giant Steps to be a cold piece for intellectuals &amp; musicians only, it breathes freely &amp; soulfully &amp; the band plays very smoothly, Paul Chambers on bass, Tommy Flanagan on piano [Cedar Walton &amp; Wynton Kelly feature on some other tunes instead] &amp; Art Taylor on drums [replaced by Jimmy Cobb &amp; Lex Humphries on others]. Many of the songs here are named for his friends, Naima for his 1st wife [pre-Alice], the central ballad of the album &amp; 1 of the main tunes throughout his career, Syeeda' Song Flute for his daughter, a sort of funny &amp; childlike tune that of course gets more mature as it goes along, Cosuin Mary [sel-explanatory], &amp; Mr P.C., a showcase for Paul Chambers. The shortest song &amp; 1 that's I'm particularly fons of is Countdown features a big drum solo intro &amp; then otherwordly loud-but-not-noisy tenor sax action galore, @ the right vloume it can really get you moving, the following Spiral is similarly great. My edition features a foldout 10&quot; reproduction of the original back cover which is better than the 1 page 5&quot; facsimiles so common in these reissues w/ everything retyped &amp; doubled-up.  Produced by Nesuhi Ertegun for the Atlantic label the same year under the same circumstances for Ornette's Shape of Jazz To Come &amp; when JC &amp; some of the other players had already helped create Kind of Blue, this was a good time for jazz, luckily you can listen to them anytime for eternity, all come highly recommended. Giant Steps is accessible but highly rewarding.
B000056VIY|5.0|This is an amazing album with really really nice songs except one (Come over-That is such a silly song, god!), All the other songs are great. Here are my favourites in order: 1) That's the way (by &quot;Darkchild&quot;) 2)Ain't it funny 3)Play (play my mother f****** song - listen to the whole song and you will find out what I'm talking about... what a naughty girl she is!) 4)Love don't cost a thing 5)Walking on Sunshine 6) That's not me ... the other ones are very good too (except the one I mentioned) I couldn't &quot;steal&quot; a star cause of it, but if I was able I'd give 4.5 stars just because of that one, but hey, there are other 14 songs and really good ones. I recommend this album to all of you, buy it!
6303168507|5.0|This movie has touched me in a way that no movie ever has, I find it interesting that in all the bad reviews about this movie, no one has yet to give a legitimate reason for their bad review.It's boring......Ok, perhaps you are too emotionally underdeveloped to watch this, might I suggest a movie that requires no though processes at all, like The Jerk, starring Steve Martin.It is racist toward Germans......This is the one that makes me laugh the hardest. Hmmmm, the germans WERE the ones who killed 6 million jews were they not? I guess spielberg forgot to place the disclamer at the end reading something like; &quot;This film is not insinuating in any way that any german alive today is a evil, jew-hating monster.&quot;The movie is too long, the movie is in black and white....These ones are too retarded to even address....
B0000024JA|5.0|When I first listened to &quot;Three Chord Opera,&quot; I felt that it was okay but that none of the songs seemed to be earmarked for &quot;standard&quot; status. The more I listened to it, though, the more different songs began to appeal to me in different ways. First of all the arrangements: I usually prefer the ballads and I immediately found &quot;You Are the Best Part of Me&quot; memorable and gradually warmed to &quot;Midnight Dream&quot; (it has that &quot;epic&quot; feel to it), &quot;Elijah's Song&quot; (a beautiful lullabye) and &quot;My Special Someone&quot; (after &quot;Canta Libre&quot; and &quot;Carmelita's Eyes,&quot; the third in his Spanish trilogy). However, &quot;At the Movies&quot; was clearly a fun song from the word go and it didn't take long for me to appreciate what the Tower of Power horns add to &quot;Baby Let's Drive,&quot; &quot;Mission of Love&quot; and &quot;Don't Look Down.&quot; Perhaps influenced by this, I felt that the album slowed down a bit too much at the end. Then the lyrics: &quot;I Haven't Played This Song in Years&quot; harkens back to the devastatingly personal tone of &quot;If You Know What I Mean.&quot; It took me a few listenings to figure out how the gospel song (&quot;Leave a Little Room for God&quot;) and the singalong (&quot;Turn Down the Lights&quot;) fit into the mix. An eclectic set, but one that makes no concessions to &quot;the times.&quot; As a friend of mine said, &quot;He wrote what he wanted to write.&quot; And, yes, he did write a couple of new standards!
1573226521|3.0|The Beach is a good book with a dumb ending.  <br />  This adventure story about a young man's discovery of the Beach, an idyllic community of travelers living secretly on an island in the Gulf of Thailand, starts off slow, seeming like it's not going to be worthwile to read, but, gradually, you become absorbed by the author's vivid and honest descriptions.  The characters are real and well drawn: each new episode shows us a little more about what makes them tick. Scenes of travellers hanging out together, scenes of daily life and organization in a society that seeks, in some measure, to live off the land and scenes of the main character running through the jungle playing hide-and-seek with the armed guards of a dope field make you feel that the author has been there and done that, or at least can imagine what it would honestly be like.  This is what makes The Beach a good book.  It is thrilling, but not a thriller, because the action, the hero, the villains and the other characters in the book are not mythic or larger than life like the ones you see in trashy books and Hollywood movies.  They are real people from a real world, and we learn this from the hero, Richard, who undresses his television and video game warped visions to show us the truth beneath them.     <br />  That said, the ending is horrible.  Garland doesn't give up his writing talent in the telling of the story, but the story itself just falls apart here.  One can imagine the author stuck without a way to the end the story and copping out with what he gives us.  It would have been better for him to end the tale simply than to shoot for the pretense of a dramatic climax, but then he wouldn't have been able to market the book as a thriller.  Marketing is key.  <br />  I know this is supposed to be a 'cult' novel and all, but nowadays 'cult' has nothing to do with getting away from the mainstream.  It's more about regurgitating the mainstream in a way no one has ever thought of (or cared to think of) before.  We should lengthen the term to 'cult of stupidity masquerading as bohemian intelligence', but I digress.   <br />  The critics loved this book. {Note to Amazon: the quotes from reviews I use here are present not only on your website but on the back cover and first few pages of the two editions of the book I have seen.  That is why, in spite of your guidelines I refer to other reviews in this paragraph.} I assume most of them are older, and when they say things like, &quot;Generation X has its first great novel,&quot; I'm sure of it.  Their enthusisasm is warranted, however, by the fact that the bulk of this book approaches literature.  I'm certain that there are much better, but lesser known, books out there, &quot;written by [a writer] under 30,&quot; but this book got all the attention because it has the right mix of excellence and trashy marketing appeal.  <br />  The critics also wet their panties over the &quot;generation envy&quot; expressed in Richard's Vietnam War fantasies.  These appear in the games Richard plays with the armed guards of the marijuana plantations which share the island wtih the Beach, in his interacion with Jed, a character who roams the dope fields with Richard, and in the recurring nightmares Richard has featuring Daffy Duck, a crazed Scotsman who unexplainedly kills himself and leaves Richard a map to the Beach at the beginning of the tale.  Although the author uses the scenes with Mr. Duck to enlighten some of the hero's motives, these scenes are ultimately unnecessary, unoriginal and certainly not profound.  The Vietnam fantasies make a little more sense.  They demonstrate the lack of a sense of reality in people more influenced by trashy media than actual experience, but Richard learns (and periodically becomes unstable) through hardening experience.  His devotion to trashy media also helps him (realistically, nothing is all bad), for he escapes from some particularly hairy situations by applying some thing he saw on tv.  TheVietnam War fantasies also show a hunger for adventure, a desire to taste life-threatening danger and live to tell. <br />  The adventure and the desire for a free and simple life offer the greatest appeal of this book.  Anyone who travels knows that we travel for these reasons.  There is some thing in our society that bores us, imprisons us, appalls us and lulls us into fantasies of a place like the Beach.  Blue water, white sand, lush, green jungle, mystic cliffs and waterfall ... seperation ... peace ... forever ... and loving companions to share it with (and with devices like Gameboys and Walkmans, you don't even have to give up video games and pop music).  These are the things that make us want to find the Beach, but we are kidding ourselves if we think we can really cut ourselves off from society and from the rest of the world.  It can't happen, and Alex Garland knows this.  That's why the premise of his book is so good.  His writing ability is why the meat of the book is rewarding.  His cop-out climax (maybe, since legend has it that the book is loosely based on experience's from Garland's life, he wanted to martyr himself and take advantage of the writer's ability to malign his enemies in print) is why it leaves a bad taste in your mouth.  I recommend it.
1563894696|5.0|Over the last two years, the Batman-as-noir trope has become commonplace, a generally welcome development that is nevertheless often marred by the fact that writers less talented than the likes of Frank Miller and Grant Morrison try and substitute ambience for script. Not so with &quot;The Long Halloween,&quot; one of the most finely-scripted comic storylines in a long time. Loeb's characterization of the main protagonists is effective; in particular, the running juxtapositions of Batman and Harvey Dent with the denizens of Arkham Asylum do not redound to the credit of the former, leading up to a rather disquieting denouement. A drawback: Catwoman is not as she could have been, and ultimately disappoints. Sale's artwork is perfect for this script, and seems to get better as the series progresses; there is something &quot;cartoony&quot; about his renditions, albeit in a serious sort of way, and at its best-- as in the portrayals of the Joker &amp; Selina Kyle-- the effect is genuinely discomfiting.
0783110928|5.0|Gia is my favorite movie. Angelina Jolie's performance is incredible. It is a must see for anyone with interest in the beauty of strength and weakness merging within the female form.
B00003W8NM|5.0|It's a great movie, that I thought about for hours after seeing it. The title is somewhat misleading, cause the &quot;Fight club&quot; is only a smaal and not so important part of the film. So don't buy is if you hope to see a martial arst movie or something. Also the extra's are great.
B00000J2PH|5.0|I am only 14 years old, and I believe &quot;Tapestry&quot; is one of the best albums out there. From hearing my parents play this album as a child, I grew to love this album, knowing all the words and loving every song. Recently, I purchased this new remastered album, and I continue to listen to. &quot;Tapestry&quot; is a once in a life time album. Carole King's voice soars perfectly in every song, and prooves she is one of the greatest lyricist of all time. &quot;You've Got A Friend&quot;, &quot;I Feel The Earth Move&quot;, &quot;So Far Away&quot;, and &quot;Smackwater Jack&quot; are the albums best songs, although every song has it's own prescence which is greatly appreciated. &quot;Tapestry&quot; is a remarkable album, and pick it up, it deserves to be in your CD collection.
B000002J1H|4.0|This marked a return to a more radio friendly sound after two very experimental albums. &quot;Relayer&quot; which had about as much dissonance as anything King Crimson was doing at that time, and &quot;Tales From Topographic Oceans&quot;. &quot;Tales&quot; just doesn't hold up well to the passing of time. &quot;Going For The One&quot; like &quot;Relayer&quot;, holds up very well 24 years after the fact, and that's probably the only thing those two recordings have in common. The opening slide guitar on the title track jarred me in a very good way in 77. It was a sound I hadn't heard from Steve Howe prior to that. Throughout, the guitar and keyboard work on this album are superb, and while they were never really consistent songwriters, Anderson and Howe penned what I feel is the most beautifull song in their catalog, &quot;Turn Of The Century&quot;. I don't give it 5 stars because it's not quite in the same league as &quot;Close To The Edge&quot;, &quot;Relayer&quot; or &quot;The Yes Album&quot;, but those are just my personal favorites. All in all, this is a wonderfull album. 4 and 1/2 stars actually.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Gladiator is simply spectacular. Russell Crowe never even comes close to breaking character, while Joaquim Phoenix is fantastic as the scheming Commodus. SEE IT!
B000003S2K|5.0|Could Eno have had even the slightest idea of how powerful a piece of music he was composing, performing, and recording?  This quartet of simply complex (or complexly simple?) pieces is the seminal work of Eno's oeuvre, the ultimate in everything that the New Age thrust of music has attempted to become.  Nothing I (or any of the other reviewers) can say would do it justice.<br />The disc starts out with the deceptively simple piano, aching to repeat the same 6 chords, but never quite accomplishing it.  Shortly after the piece commences, it is slowly, creepingly accompanied by a lulling bass backdrop.  The subsequent pieces mix piano with synthesized sighs and other &quot;Enossifications&quot; that sweeten the trip.  The result is a tremendously haunting trip through a mathematical musicality you wish would not end.<br />I've read reviews that suggest playing the disc during a gentle rainfall, or during a fierce rainstorm.  My preference is to put the music on when the lighting in the room is subdued, the company is sympathetic, the wine is light and cool, and the volume is just loud enough to arouse interest from the guests.<br />Eno's best of the Ambient series, bar none.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|I was in Lyle's Place in Victoria, BC when I saw the new Rage Against the Machine was in. I didn't hear any reviews on the album, but something told me to get it. The tunes were so slamin that I blew an ear bud on my headphones. I was definatly impressed with the quality of music that The Battle of Los Angeles gave me. I give this album four and a half stars
B000056BSA|5.0|Woman on Top was one of my favorite movies of 2000.  The caveat, though, is that the viewer must allow for the references to Brazilian voodoo beliefs; if you are too much of a pragmatist, you will not enjoy this movie.  The movie is a peppy, comic, urban fairy tale that is thoroughly enjoyable.  Penelope Cruz has never looked lovelier, and the movie provides a nice break from the real world.  The soundtrack is also quite wonderful and has been the only CD in my car for 5 months.
0553296981|5.0|What can I say? It may be the best story I have ever read. and it could bring tears to your eyes.
0780020685|5.0|My personal favorite, Seven Samurai manages to be perhaps the most accessible of Kurosawa's works yet one of the deepest as well, a combination that one doesn't usually find in a world of film split up into the brainless entertainment or obscure art camps.  Wonderful texture, amazing camerawork, incredible performances by some of Japan's best known actors - including one of the defining roles of Toshiro Mifune - make this an all around great film.  Plus, in this Criterion edition, great in itself, you get a terrific and informative movie-long running commentary, some of which is taken from Kurosawa's autobiography.  Very human film.
B00003CXDF|4.0|Tom cruise - john woo congratulation both of you :)) The movie is very good the action is very interesting the directed myyyyyy god I`never seen like this before &gt; but the plot very very very baaaaaad :(( any way you must see this movie and remembr put your mind on cruise control and fasten your seat belts ;))))))))))
0767827694|5.0|While Virginia Woolf's 'Orlando' was found, by some readers, to be both long-winded and unbelievable, the movie version is, as a whole, a satire of the novel. The director has taken liberties galore with the original tale (Jimmy Sommerville as a disco queen obviously never figured in the original draft) but despite that, 'Orlando' turns out to be one of the better book-to-film adaptations I have seen, and as much as I hate to say it, I found it to be even better than the book. The novel lacked a certain life, and though Woolf did her best to enliven things up (the latter half of the work was dreary and pointless), Sally Potter, the director, strings things in such a fashion, that the end of the film is a) nothing like the book and b) lifts the movie to higher heights. We owe the way this film works to Tilda Swinton of course, the English actress who made a stunning impression with this film and then left us high and dry by shunning mainstream production altogether.<br />Other reviews will tell you what 'Orlando' is all about. What I wanted to dwell on are the qualities of the film that make it outstanding. There are noticeable flaws, of course, because the movie doesnt flow together as a consolidated piece. It is broken and jarring in places - a collection of amusing vignettes strung together - but at the end of two hours, 'Orlando' comes together unlike many a film of its genre. For a film of this sort to make an impact on the audience, it must first goad the audience into leaving their sense of probability behind. Orlando's most defining moment comes when he lies himself down and arises a woman - breasts and all. I know not of any person in modern history who has altered their sex simply by will, and hence could not accept this shift in gender totally, yet this is one of the most gripping sequences in the film. Its also relieving because Tilda Swinton can finally play herself and get rid of that phony masculine accent.<br />Orlando still lives, according to the movie, so that would make him/her about 420 years old at the moment. The focus of the film is not so much the years that Orlando lives through, but rather the lessons she learns along the way. Why, for instance, did the Lord Orlando decide to 'become' a woman? Was this of his own choosing? Orlando's bitter experiences with war and death make him question his own masculinity, or one would suppose, as it is just after this that he changes his sex. But both as a man and as a woman, Orlando faces rejection. As a man, he is spurned by a Russian ambassodress, and as a woman, she involves herself in a torrid affair (with some of the most thoughtful dialogue) with Billy Zane, and he leaves her for America almost immediately. Pregnant, and doomed to be a 'spinster', Orlando survives World War I and II and is left with child when the film ends. This is all grossly improbable, but it works.<br />Tilda Swinton's direct camera glances are at first amusing, but I suppose they do add a sort of artistic touch to the proceedings. The final moments of the film benefit hugely from Tilda's beatific gaze, assuring the film of instant classic status, and making 'Orlando' one of the most thoughtful transgender films ever made. This is art.vie, so that would make him/her about 420 years old at the moment. The focus of the film is not so much the years that Orlando lives through, but rather the lessons she learns along the way. Why, for instance, did the Lord Orlando decide to 'become' a woman? Was this of his own choosing? Orlando's bitter experiences with war and death make him question his own masculinity, or one would suppose, as it is just after this that he changes his sex. But both as a man and as a woman, Orlando faces rejection. As a man, he is spurned by a Russian ambassodress, and as a woman, she involves herself in a torrid affair (with some of the most thoughtful dialogue) with Billy Zane, and he leaves her for America almost immediately. Pregnant, and doomed to be a 'spinster', Orlando survives World War I and II and is left with child when the film ends. This is all grossly improbable, but it works.<br />Tilda Swinton's direct camera glances are at first amusing, but I suppose they do add a sort of artistic touch to the proceedings. The final moments of the film benefit hugely from Tilda's beatific gaze, assuring the film of instant classic status, and making 'Orlando' one of the most thoughtful transgender films ever made. This is art.
B00003CXGG|3.0|This movie isn't even worth a rental. The acting was weak and I expected to see some great moves by Jet Li one of the finest at martial arts but those scences were far between and not enoough. Did jet no justice to his talents. The overall plot was boring, Hope Jet gets into a movie were he can really show off his talents.
B00003CXDV|5.0|Excellent movie in an excellent DVD package! The deleted scenes alone make the purchase well worth it!  Some are hilarious, and should have made it into the final cut.  The main menus are very well done also.  Overall, a great DVD to own. This movie is probably in the top 10 funniest films of all time! &quot;Never give up! Never surrender!&quot;
B00004STJD|5.0|and i've been living in paris for 7 years. This movie is witty, smart, funny and genuinely french. i've seen it over 5 times but still laugh hysterically every time. The set, plot and characters are all very simple but Francis Veber's remarquable screenplay and direction make this film a must-see. i strongly recommend it to anyone who just wants to have a good time.  You definitly will not regret buying this classic
B000003S2M|5.0|I have all of Brian Eno's ambient CDs. This one is my favorite. The dreamlike textures on this CD paint gauzy dreamlike worlds of filtered-light images. The piano used on this CD has haunting tonal qualities and sets the mood for the album. I use this CD as &quot;wallpaper&quot; while I work, for meditation, and to fall asleep to. Most of the ambient music I listen to is synthesizer-based (Steve Roach/Robert Rich) but the featured instrument on this CD is a piano. And it works beautifully. The track &quot;First Light&quot; sets the mood for the whole CD. A dreamy piece that defines the passage of time and love lost. Beautifully done. This CD is a flawless gem. If you like this CD check out &quot;The Pearl&quot; which is also by Eno/Budd. These two CDs could have been sold together as they both have the same tonal themes.
0871294273|2.0|Of all the Hobbit play adaptations, this one comes closer than the rest to capturing the feel and essential events. Of course some trimming is to be expected - staging the whole book would not only take hours but be prohibitively expensive for all but the wealthiest theatres. Gray still changes a bit too much for this purist's taste. (I don't understand why any playwrite wouldn't simply trust the author when adapting a book, especially a book as established as The Hobbit.) It IS the authorized adaptation, but then it was written at a time when Tolkien was worried about unauthorized copies of his work, so I can imagine him signing off on anything that came close, just to be sure his rights were being protected. He was also no fan of theatre, so I can't picture him taking any dep interest in this play.
0784011214|5.0|As I said in my review of &quot;First Blood&quot;, these movies are so much more than machine guns and explosions. There is so much truth portrayed in them about the Vietnam war, what is really was, and it's affect on men like John Rambo. Rambo is not at all a bad person, but rather a kind one who tries to get his life together after the war. Here he is released from workhouse prison by his friend and mentor, Col. Trautman, to rescue POW's in the jungles of 'nam. I won't put any spoilers in my review here, or anybody who hasn't seen this excellent sequel, but I'll use a quote from Trautman to the scumbag Murdock, &quot;You act as if you're dealing with an ordinary man here.&quot;  George P. Cosmatos's directing is superb, and stays in the middle of the action. The tension and drama isn't silly or bogus; it's superb in my opinion. Cosmatos would later go on to direct the modern-day classic Western, &quot;Tombstone&quot;. Buy this movie today. In my opinion, it offers hope and courage that combats the Vietnam fiasco. It's anti-war piece....showing that war really is hell. It also shows there are many true patriots, men like Rambo and Trautman.
B00003CWOL|4.0|&quot;...no denomination has nailed it yet, because they are all (organized religion, that is) too self-righteous to realize it's not what you have faith in, it's that you have faith,&quot; says the muse, Serendipity, played by Salma Hayek, which spells out what this movie is all about.  That and the fact God has a sense of humor, and is canadian, hehe.           <br />           At the first part of the movie a warning appears which basically says do not take this film seriously.  Unfortunately, some people thought different and took it very seriously, basically saying that God would never have a sense of humor and  they protest it.  These people need to wake and smell the comedy, because this movie is funny. witty, and very entertaining. It is about two angels, Bartleby (Ben Affleck) and Loki (Matt Damon) who have been banished from heaven (for reasons that will be explained in the movie) and must live out the rest of human history in Wisconsin, which I guess is worse than hell, ask the Metatron, played by the ever-talented Alan Rickman.             <br />           UNfortunately, these two angels have found a loophole in Catholicism, which would let them back in to heaven.  But if this happens the world will end because it will prove God wrong and God is supposed to be infallible.  So the metatron tracks down the last scion (the last living relative of Jesus) played by Linda Fiorentino, and with the help of the 13th apostle (Chris Rock), which the bible failed to mention, and Jay and Silent Bob(Smith and Mewes), they head towards Jersey to stop the angels. It is a comical trip through with dialogue so funny, you may get whip-lash.  Also, a welcome part from George Carlin as a Cardinal, not to mention that Jay and Silent Bob play bigger roles compared to previous films (Clerks and Chasing Amy). GRADE: A-
B0000560RV|5.0|Sigur Ros top the charts in Iceland, which should finally prove that most Americans don't have the patience for this kind of music.  And it's unfortunate because this album is very rewarding if one listens with a patient ear.  Sigur Ros have created an album that soars and is filled to the brim with atmospheric guitar work, ehteral vocals, and sweeping soundscapes that will leave your eardrums begging for more.  The songs are long, but each is a colorful picture of beautiful surroundings.<br />On &quot;Svefn g Englar&quot; stark backgrounds wash over the listener and Jon Por Birgisson's vocals stick out of the surroundings like Mt. Everest in the middle of a lake, which is a good thing.  &quot;Flugufrelsarinn&quot; proceeds at a near glacial pace, but the listener wins in the end when vocal granduer and decadent ambient rock swirl together to form a soaring chorus that you wish would last forever.  And &quot;Olsen Olsen&quot; has a simple yet extremely effective bass lead that lends a poppy element to the song, and then lush strings emerge and carry the song out on a hopeful note.  The title track, &quot;Hjartad Hamast,&quot; and &quot;Vidrar vel til Loftarasa&quot; follow much in the same vein, but somehow remain different enough to make sure the listener doesn't drift away altogether.<br />All that Sigur Ros does is create beautiful music that is as rewarding on the fiftieth listen as on the first.  Unconditionally recommended.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Couldn't find anything else I wanted to buy, so I figured, why not? At least I know the songs and I won't waste my money.Admit it...we've heard them all before. Who needs another Beatles greatest hits? Well, as I was listening, I was reminded of why the Beatles were so great.This collection of number 1 hits breathe joy, excitement, fun, originality, craftsmanship, and damn good song writing.No song is derivative; each holds the promise of a fresh new listening experience.My only disappointment is I don't own any other Beatles CDs, and I'm reminded of other songs I enjoy that weren't included on this disc.All in all, Beatles 1 is an excellent buy for those of us who've come to take the Beatles for granted.
B00004STUL|5.0|Yeah, Bad Boys is a really sweet action film--as are all of Michael Bay's movies--but I think the cars deserve most of the credit.  I mean, at the end, we've got a Porsche 911--black, of course--chasing down the badguy in the most perfect car ever to be shown in a movie: an AC Shelby Cobra 427 with white racing stripes.  That is the best scene in the movie, where Lawrence and Smith are chasing down the badguy (what's his name?) on an airport runway.  Easily the saddest part of the movie is when the Cobra hits a brick wall and is mangled (*tear*).  Well, anyway, it should be easy to see that, having Will Smith *and* Martin Lawrence, it is a funny movie, too.  Don't get me wrong, it's not really an action comedy like Money Talks or Blue Streak, but it does have some hilarious parts.  I guess the comedy is a little stronger than in The Rock, which, if you've seen it, you'll know has some funny scenes, too.  Anyone that likes any of the movies I described should see this movie...and if you've already seen it...see it again!
0767805712|5.0|_Gattaca_ is not a movie about explosions, shootouts, or alien monsters.  It's all about the human spirit, in overcoming the limitations of a repressive society in the not-too-distant future.  It has the elements of _Brave New World_ and _1984_.<br />Vincent (Ethan Hawke) illegally assumes the identity of a genetic &quot;superman&quot; (crippled in an accident) in order to become a space pilot, rather than scrub floors for the rest of his life.  Those two characters couldn't be more opposite.  One has the &quot;wrong&quot; genes; the other has the right ones but no ambition.<br />The acting is excellent, particularly that of underrated Ethan Hawke and Jufe Law.  The whole style is chrome retro-70s and 80s, especially the homes and social centres of the genetic elite. Add a dash of mystery and suspense, for an excellent movie.  The technology of _Gattaca_ is inconsistent, such as manned Titan probes along with 1990s computers.  Another example is medical technology able to predict lifespans from a drop of blood, but not fix a broken spine.  That last one may be deliberate, and if so, another sad comment on that society and its priorities.<br />Those convinced that science fiction has no soul really need to see this movie!
B000008H1W|5.0|It needed a while till I finally hold that CD in my hands. And...what a shock. No text review possible! So, thank god we have internet now. And I've found the words. A brilliant CD, brilliant words. Sometimes difficult to understand for a non-native-english speaking person. But it does'nt matter. Music speaks universal language. One white duck. What a gentle song! Grace. Wonderful. I love these very short songs. Remember Nurse? For me at least the essential Jethro Tull. If somebody ask me.. I would say just take some time off and listen carefully to that beautiful music. It gives so much to you. And you listen to a man (and not to forget the band!) which takes you on a journey you'll don't forget so quickly. If the name &quot;pictures of an exhibition&quot; would not been occupated from another great composer. The title would also fit very well to that CD. And I am so glad to know that there are so many people in that world who appreciates the music of Jethro Tull or Ian Anderson himself. Hello to all of you! Excuse bad mistakes in english language. I am from Germany and English is still not my mothertongue. With Tull's music a good posibility to improve my English. What a plan!
B000050XEI|4.0|I find it very difficult to be critical of Enya. Its very hard to be critical of someone for whom you have such lofty admiration. While finally avoiding the fringe element viewpoint of Enya's status as a musical goddess, her sonic visions seem to have more to do with hard labor in the studio than divine ecstasy. With the exeption of Paint the Sky With Stars I have all of her American releases and bought A Day Without Rain the day it was released. A Day Without Rain follows the same pattern of her previous disks. Her singing is much stronger here but at the same time she occasionaly seems to look over her shoulder at Shepherd Moons with which it resembles in parts. A Day Without Rain is more rhythmic than her earlier efforts and therefore not as somber, not nearly as larger-than-life as Memory of Trees or Watermark. In a word, A Day Without Rain will please but Enya has done much better, notably with Memory of Trees. Best cuts: Deora ar mo Chroi, Flora's Secret, Fallen Embers, One by One
B000001EAQ|3.0|Frankly I've always found U2 to be pretentious blowhards. Yes I listened to the early stuff in high school when friends would play it, but I always thought it was a tad overblown even then. And they've only gotten worse over the years. Someone seems to have misled them into thinking that a) they have something to say b) that they have some integrity. The low point for me was their pointless and gutless remake of John Lennon's caustic and relevatory &quot;God&quot;. This was followed by their spineless retreat during the Gulf War, when the most &quot;political&quot; of bands lacked the guts to condemn Bush's folly. And yet I found bits of this cd to be simply brillant. Good enough for me to mortify myself enough to admit in public to liking them. &quot;Wake Up Dead Man&quot; being one of the great songs of the last decade. Poignant without being arse licking this is a genuinely powerful lament about this soiled world, and Bono actually cans the schtick long enough to put it across with some emotion. The rest of the cd doesn't quite get there but a few tunes nibble in the general area and make this well worth purchasing...
B00003CXB4|5.0|Who could watch this and not love it? It is a very lovely story, with the traditional breathtaking animation Disney is ever-so-famous for, as well as an impeccable cast of voices, among who's you'll find Jeremy Irons, Whoopi Goldberg, Matthew Broderick and James Earl Jones. It's a very pretty film with a touching sad side to it, but that side is beautifully contrasted with the humor of perhaps the most comical duo to hit the screen in the toon world- Timon and Pumbaa. Whenever they're on screen you can be sure you'll have a fun time laughing.<br />Granted, this isn't a much of a kid's movie because it is quite violent (by Disney's standards) but in now way does that make this any less enjoyable for those who watch it.<br />As everyone knows, there's more to a film than just settings and characters. It will all fall flat if it's not supported by pretty and/or catchy songs. The Lion King has several of those that fit in both categories. Especially &quot;The Circle of Life&quot;, &quot;Hakuna Matata&quot;, and &quot;Can you feel the love tonight?&quot;<br />Add all that together and you have one of Disney's best movies to date.
B00000IAU3|5.0|We Love this album office (fingers crossed for the sophmore effort).  So as a child she steals a violin and has become a musical genius.  This album is phenomenal, ridiculously good, there are not enough words to describe.  Her use of electronic sounds is beautiful, and is the perfect compliment to her voice.  Shear beauty, and extremely radio friendly, she is bound to become a new star in the nations eyes.  I know you've heard this music, or at least a couple of thses songs, but even if you aren't a music collector, or lover, you should buy this anyway.  This is a CD for everyone.  Check &quot;All You Want&quot; out if you haven't already heard it.  Buy it, and there's nothing you can do but love it.
0140434089|5.0|I just finished reading this book for the first time, and found it engrossing and entertaining. The characters are good company, without exception, and their voices are varied and well-drawn. I can see why it was such a smash hit when first serialized.<br />With all respect to him, I'd caution other readers regarding Mr. Hilgers's review, which is littered with factual errors. One of the most egregious is his claim that Sergeant Cuff is &quot;an obvious copy&quot; of Sherlock Holmes--the latter did not appear in print until almost 20 years after &quot;The Moonstone&quot; was published.
B000051VWW|4.0|So I heard this Sade CD at the Equator coffee house in Passadena.  They just happened to be playing it, and I loved the sound.  I've never been a fan of R&amp;B/Urban style music, but I have liked groove style electronic musics, and I think that is what helped me relate to this music.  Smooth guitars, synth's, and of course her voice complement a great rythem.  I love music that feels like it belongs in the modern lounge, and this hit me that way.  If you need something to sit back with your lover with, or just to groove to in your own lounge, pick this up.
0792838068|5.0|Not many films I've seen were able to depict the reality of compulsive drunks and hookers. It confirms what I have always thought: no matter what, the bottom line is that a human being is essentially love, and life revolves around it. Its presence or its absence dictates pragmatic success or self destruction.<br />Ben's mind boggling drinking may seem too excessive, a expressway to death, but there is so much you can fit into a movie. The core here, in my opinion, resides in the fact that we can - voluntarily, control whether we survive drinking or not. Cage's interpretation is real, yet giving him an Oscar for that remains questionable.<br />Sera's performance as a hooker brought - once again, yet with an astonishing evidence - that prostitution may not be reserved to poor girls and/or uncultured souls. Sue's acting is a masterpiece of profound conflict between business at any cost (the executive at the bar counter and the rape from the football players)and the real, love thirsty and sensitive Sera.<br />He is not a hopeless drunk, She is not a cold blooded hooker. None of them are victims. But both are in desperation to find a way to justify why they are alive. The drunk and the Hooker are not alive, they simply exist!<br />And finding themselves provided means to stop and come back, love as the basis of such painful, yet possibe and desirable recover. <br />I cannot judge why the movie ended with her acceptance of his way of being, as I respect the author's and the director's choice. But as a message (and all real movies should convey one), it would be healing to see, even without an happy-end, that those disturbed beings could return to Life through Love.<br />Elisabeth Sue deserved an Oscar for her amazing, beautiful, sensible and shattering interpretation. <br />For the rest, music supported the movie being a breath holding experience from the beginning to the end. Grade AA++
B000002H2H|5.0|Well this album is amazing but i dont like the first song.  this is a great album 2-8. &quot;Fade To Black&quot; is the best song but they show a whole different side on &quot;Creeping Death&quot; which they make even faster when they play it live.
0446607274|5.0|Those who do not like this novel too much expect a thriller to be just that: a thriller. They perhaps do not want to be reminded of the fact that a good author - and Michael Connelly is excellent - does not write novels that exclude reality, even when it means that this reality is sad and disappointing. But Connelly does put his plot in the real world with its real problems. And this is why this book is so good. And this is why the novel is a very political novel, and a very pessimistic one. Very often it is not the truth that the authorities are after, but their first interest is to survive politically. In the most delicate field of racism this attitude becomes even more apparent than in just normal homicide cases. In describing this Connelly can prove that he is a first rate author - second to almost none in his field. We want our authors to mirror reality and comment on it. It is not the world of easy thrillers with their black and white view of human nature, which has always been wrong and which turns good plots into bad novels.<br />But the novel has also qualities of a real thriller: it is a page turner, so full of suspense that you cannot lay the book down. Its characters - even the superficially contradictory ones - are full-fledged human beings, believable even in the smallest details. This time the ever present side-plot of Bosch's ever present personal difficulties remains quite inobtrusive and surfaces only in a few scenes. This gives the book speed and a strong narrative quality. The breathless atmosphere in this situation, which is on the edge of exploding at any moment, would be broken by lengthy psychologically reflective moments, which are the trademark of his other novels. Here they would disturb the necessarily hectic progress of the story. <br />In form and content this novel is simply excellent!
B0000020C4|4.0|If you've never heard a Les Miserables recording and are wondering if it's worth your hard-earned money to invest in a CD of the show, the answer is a very enthusiastic &quot;yes&quot;. It's a very straightforward, honest, and compelling work that's very different from traditional broadway. The marches and waltzes that make up the meat of the music are simple and catchy, yet they burn with a fiery, operatic heart. The story pounds forward with a wonderful energy, and it's given life by some of the greatest voices in theatre history. It will move you, thrill you, and leave you with the feeling that you've just experienced something magical. I never dreamed that I could enjoy musical theatre - until I heard Les Miserables.<br />But which recording to buy? There, it gets a bit more complicated. Each of the four English-language recordings has its own strengths and weaknesses.<br />The first thing that must be said about this live concert double CD is that it's far inferior to the video. In fact, the sound is quieter for some reason on the CD than on the video. The video adds a lot in other ways as well, especially from the wonderfully expressive Phillip Quast (Javert) and dimpled, hilariously lovestruck Michael Ball (Marius). If you have an option, get the video.<br />That aside, this CD is a great addition to Les Mis lore and an excellent all-around performance. The music is splendid (although incomplete), and the vocalists are all very good - some are better than others. In a galaxy of theatre stars, Quast steals the night with a touching and complex portrayal of the police inspector who hounds Javert. His &quot;Stars&quot; shines so brightly that it eclipses the other dozen or so memorable ballads, even Colm Wilkinson's show-stopper &quot;Bring Him Home&quot;. Other standouts include Ball, who's at his best here; Jenny Galloway, uproarious as the disgruntled innkeeper's wife; and Ruthie Henshall (Fantine), who has the exquisite timbre of a warm woodwind.<br />Anthony Warlow, the splendid Aussie Enjolras from the Complete Symphonic Recording, was invited to the concert but couldn't attend. So an unprepared Michael Maguire from the 1987 Broadway cast returned as Enjolras and, unfortunately, had an off night. At times he's solid, and at times he slips off notes or barely hangs on. Judy Kuhn (Cosette) also sounds rather harsh in what is often a strained soprano. And, although it would only bother a Les Mis veteran, Lea Salonga's technically sound, straightforward performance comes off as more than a little bland to those who have heard other Eponines live. It's letter-perfect - to a fault. Her staccato enunciation (&quot;no-where-to-go-no-one-to-turn-to...&quot;) can be annoying, and her generic vocal presentation is soft and pretty but never goes beyond ordinary. Again, however, her voice is unobtrusive enough that first-time listeners (or viewers) will be moved by the character, not the actor.<br />The overall mood of this recording is festive, and there's the inescapable feeling that this is something special. Again, though, this is best experienced in the video.<br />Other recordings also have a different feel to them, be it for the better or worse. The Original London Cast double CD winds its way through an early version of the show with a sing-song sound and a slow tempo, but features an outstanding top-to-bottom cast and stands as a testament to the original vision. Broadway's 80s-rock sound rushes along with a weak cast that is redeemed only by the Tony-award winning Ruffelle as Eponine. The Complete Symphonic Recording has every note of music and three outstanding performances from Phillip Quast as Javert, Michael Ball as Marius, and the breathtaking Anthony Warlow as Enjolras; but it's all but ruined by Gary Morris' awful Valjean and Kaho Shimada's weak Eponine.<br />If you already have the 10th Anniversary Concert video or are unable to get it, this live concert CD is a good buy. It's not the be-all-and-end-all of Les Mis recordings as some would have you believe, but it's a strong performance of a classic musical.
B00004YRQA|5.0|Quality construction of the memory card, it seems to be made of the same material as the ps2 so it looks nice when in.  Some of the generic cards are made of cheap materials.<br />I have two of the sony memory cards, you can copy stuff from one card to another.  They work great, I have never had problems with losing memory from either of my memory cards.  I don't think it is worth it to buy the cheaper cards because you save a few dollars, but you raise the risk of losing something you played hours to come to the point of saving.
0767817710|5.0|I have watch this movie at less 10 times. The actors  are very good and Stone is at her best. It too bad she doesn,t make more movies I have been going to movies for 50 years and I think she is one person I would  rather watch than anyone else. She does a great job.
0790736918|1.0|Almost everybody, it seems, thinks this is a masterpiece. Quite frankly, I cannot see why. I won't bother with how Native Americans are stereotyped, although, from today's understanding, the movie really gives you a hard time sitting through their comic strip-like portrayal. My main critique is that the characters development is weak. Secondary characters are stereotyped to such a degree that makes the movie almost unbearable. At the end Wayne's sudden decision not to kill the girl doesn't really surprises anybody, after all this is Hollywood. But why has he changed his mind? We do not know. What has he learned? The way that he stagers of into the sunset in the movie's final scene suggests that he hasn't learned much. He leaves because he is still uncap able of being \\"social\\".  Maybe this movie \\"stood tall\\" in the 1950s, as one reviewer suggested, but it's definitely not a must see classic.
B000002UTI|4.0|This 21-song disc makes an admirable effort at compressing John Lennon's entire remarkable carreer onto a single album. All the way from the early Beatles rendition of &quot;Twist &amp; Shout&quot; through classics like &quot;In My Life&quot;, &quot;Strawberry Fields Forever&quot; and &quot;Revolution&quot; to his later solo work, this album gives a quick overview of the high-points of Lennon's musical carreer.  There are also two previously unreleased tracks included:  an early rehearsal version of &quot;Imagine&quot; and the original acoustic &quot;Real Love&quot;.  If you've seen the film however, you'll notice the absence of &quot;All You Need Is Love&quot; which was used quite well in the film.  &quot;Across The Universe&quot; also appeared in the film and is notably absent here.  Everyone probably owns those tracks already of course, but it's still a pity they didn't make it onto this album.
B00000AOUD|5.0|The Amazon reviews of 70s progressive albums which attract the most votes tend to be written by 14-year-olds discovering the genius of these records for the first time and somehow instantly acquiring the mature view of which are the classics in the band's canon.  Sadly I can make no such claim -- I'm 41 (and three-quarters) and have known this album almost since its release.<br />The best reasons for loving a record are always the ridiculously personal ones.  (In my case, this record was in the small LP collection held by my elder cousin Pamela, who decided at the age of 14 that she was bored with me and my brother coming to stay every Summer holiday.  She would always escape to see a friend, but she'd let us use her room and listen to her records, and this was the one we played incessantly.)<br />But, even objectively, this is a masterpiece.  Until the arrival of punk, the 70s had gone through a hankering for concept albums, particularly by British prog-rock bands.  Ian Anderson had the brain and the vision to build several different themed sets -- e.g. this, and PASSION PLAY and MINSTREL IN THE GALLERY.  This was his first go, and frankly the album could have been done as eight or nine separate tracks, simply by giving each tune a neater end.  You realise this is going to be a wonderful work as soon as you hear the 'Poet and the Painter' melody about four minutes into the album.<br />The 'St Cleve Chronicle' sleeve loses a certain something in its reduction down to CD size.  It owes much to the 'Monty Python Big Red Book' and the 'Brand New Monty Python Bok' which had recently been published and are still far funnier.  But these bizarre packaging designs were less about entertaining the reader and more about frustrating dumb retail assistants in department stores who struggled to work out where to file the LP.<br />THICK IS A BRICK is certainly an album of its time, but as is clear from other reviews here, still attracts entranced new listeners.  Take it from a 14-year-old.-year-old.
B00000BKDS|5.0|This is still one of my favorite Iron Maiden albums.  It's full of energy, and is very punk-influenced.  This is pretty much punk-metal.  Which is good, as it take the best features of both genres (catchiness, energy) and blends them with more progressive offerings as well.  This CD bursts with classics, such as &quot;Iron Maiden&quot;, &quot;Prowler&quot;, &quot;Sanctuary&quot;, &quot;Running Free&quot;, and &quot;Phantom Of The Opera&quot;.  Buy it now, especially pop fans, who need to hear what actual music is.
B000001EQT|5.0|Back in 1972, I was 13 and bought the 45 single of &quot;Metal Guru&quot;. I must have worn it out, I played it so much. I just loved it. Anyway, years went by, and I forgot T-Rex. Then one day about 2 years ago, I saw this album in a store. I picked it up to look at it, and immediately saw that it had &quot;Metal guru&quot; on it. I knew I loved that song, but couldn't for the life of me, remember how it went. Just that I had loved it when I was 13. So I had to buy it. I was real curious to see how I would react after so many, many years of not hearing it. I put it in my cd player, full of antici.......pation! Out of my speakers came &quot;Metal Guru&quot;. Oh, how I loved it...wow. 27 years later. The memories poured back...I was 13 again. As the cd spun, other songs came out that I recognized from before. I was in seventh heaven...I had a smile transfixed to my face all week...people thought I was very strange. Well,..stranger than I normally am, anyway. This is a great album...you will love it.
B000056VIY|1.0|I really loved &quot;On the 6&quot;, but this second album is a real let down.  My tastes are more of the trendy dance/pop songs that her first album had, and now &quot;J.Lo&quot; seems more into the HipHop/R&amp;B style that I don't fancy.  If you are into that style, then do definitely give it a listen.  But I don't understand how some people here have reviewed her songs saying that her &quot;lyrics are great&quot; with &quot;dancable tunes&quot;.  For example, the song &quot;Come Over (#7) is this slow, methodical tune that goes &quot;I love ... when you.. come ...over, please come over ... and when you come, it gives me fever&quot; &amp; try to imagine this sung over 30 seconds of a slow beat, rediculous.  Jennifer L doesn't have much of a voice (as many others here have mentioned) and when the songs are weak, her voice really shows through.  When someone is as multi-talented as her, you have to realize that a lot of the credit has to be given to the producers, writers and mixers.  What a dissapointment.
B00004YKUX|5.0|I'd like to believe that the three albums Johnny Cash has recorded for The American Recording production company will stay in a few dozen years as a good example of american popular music. I may be a little bit too hopeful but, who knows ?, the next generation will perhaps suffer a major ear revolution and at last understand the difference between noise and music.<br />AMERICAN III is the third masterpiece in a row for Johnny Cash and belongs to the best recordings of 2000. With a couple of music instruments and friends, with his cavernous voice, Johnny Cash delivers an essential CD that is going to stay for a long time next to our CD-players. Four compositions of his own and eight definitive versions of well-known songs such as U2's &quot;One&quot; , Tom Petty's &quot; I won't back down&quot; or Neil Diamond's &quot; Solitary Man &quot;. It's amazing the way Johnny Cash is able, in three minutes, to recreate a song he hasn't written and become from this moment on the only singing reference for this song. That's Talent.<br />A CD which is already in your library.
6305909326|1.0|The Ninth Gate begins promisingly enough, a tale about the search for a book that was written by the devil.  After the first 10 minutes, the movie goes downhill, but slowly, considering the snail's pace this film moves.  Add to that an incoherent script and you've got a camp classic.
B00003CXN4|1.0|This movie was the worst movie I have seen in quite some time. I expected much more with the great cast of charactors. During the entire movie, the scenes were jumping back and forth from one part of the world to another. The camera scenes were continually jerky and very destracting, along with poor color. The plot was the generic drug cartel theme with no real excitement or action. I alomost left the movie theater but I kept thinking the movie would improve. It did'nt!! It was a real dissapointment and waste of money.
B000050XEI|1.0|I'm a fan of enya's music BUT this new album sounds like every other one she's released over the years. Each and every song on &quot;a day without rain&quot; could've been added to her previous releases. It's been 5 years between albums... she should've came back with something new, innovative and different. Insetead, you get the same old flat chants, and endless plucking strings. Try again enya.
0399146253|5.0|This is a very enjoyable read.  Once again, Ms. Cornwell's is in top form with The Last Precinct.  Wonderful plotting and twist, in this one.  The author is great in moving her characters into new territory with hints of more to come.  I love the way she plays her characters, showing real life.  In The Last Precinct, Ms. Cornwell gives us more of what makes Kay Scarpetta tick.  I found is interesting and not boring at all.  Sometimes I would get so mad at Kay for being the way she is, now that I understand her better, I can relate to Kay.  Thanks to Patricia Cornwell for the therapy.  Ms. Cornwell has also introduced a great new villain.  I'm sure that we will see more of them.  (Don't want to give too much away.)  Once again, Patricia Cornwell has delivered a wonderful book to get lost in for awhile.  I'm looking forward to the next installment.
B000056VIY|2.0|J.Lo is ok... In fact it barley passes for Ok. Jennifer cannot sing, the production is sloppy, and the lyrics are cheezy except for a few. The only tracks that stand out here are: the very shakeable &quot;love don't cost a thing&quot;, &quot;I'm real&quot;, and &quot;walking on sunshine.&quot; The ballads are a mess and the album is a bit too long (15 tracks)... or maybe it just seems long 'cause there are so many &quot;throw-aways&quot; here.
B00003000M|1.0|Bob Marley was never one to do covers or collaborate with many guests.  Busta Rhymes and the FlipMode Squad go against the ideals that Bob respected. I'm a fan of hip hop, im a fan of bob marley, but i dislike the both of them together. Burnin' and lootin is probably the best song, that or Turn your Lights down Low.  I just did not like it, i dont think Bob would have collaborated with these people, or at least most of them.
0800141660|5.0|All that can be said has been said in the reviews of this wonderful, beautiful adaptation of Jane Austen's &quot;Sense and Sensibility&quot;.  Let me just add that the DVD is a &quot;must have&quot; for fans of the movie.  The audio commentaries by the director, the producers and the screenwriter add so much insight into the making of the movie, it's just all too good to miss.  Everything about this movie is perfect and in my humble opinion it should have won the Oscar.
B00003CWTI|1.0|It would be one thing if these stories came together in some logical way. However, after spending THREE HOURS trying to give the  director the benefit of the doubt, I was very disappointed. The music is the only redeeming factor about this film, so do yourself a favor and skip the DVD and just buy the soundtrack. And I'd also like an explanation about the frogs. Is it some weak biblical allusion??? If so, where are the locusts???
B00004U2A1|5.0|At the tender young age of 13 I first witnessed the brilliance and perfection that is the &quot;Evil Dead Trilogy.&quot; What we have here is &quot;Evil Dead II,&quot; a movie that forever changed the way in which I viewed cinema. No longer would any movie do; this is the movie that I hold as the precedent that all films should aspire to be.<br />&quot;Evil Dead II&quot; starts off as a re-cap of its predecessor, &quot;The Evil Dead.&quot; It works as a reintroduction and a way to bring those viewers who did not see the first one up to speed. From there on, Ash (Bruce Campbell) has to once again face the forces of the dead, evil dead that is, who have been brought back to the world of the living due to readings from the book of the dead. Mayhem ensues in that famous little cabin and the woods that surround it. I don't want to spoil much in regard to the story since I hold this series in such high regard, but the story doesn't end here. After seeing &quot;Evil Dead II,&quot; you have to go and check out &quot;Army Of Darkness.&quot; <br />Now, for the die hard fans that have come across this page and are now reading this, here are the great perks from this limited edition print. Make sure you get the &quot;Evil Dead II: Limited Edition;&quot; there is a &quot;Special Edition,&quot; but it isn't nearly as cool. This limited edition is a print of only 50,000 copies, comes in a special tin case, features both full frame and wide screen versions, audio commentary from director Sam Raimi and star Bruce Campbell, a collector's information booklet, a making-of featurette, THX sound, and features a look at the new video game, &quot;Evil Dead: Hail To The King.&quot;<br />I love this movie and this is a great package that does the film justice. If you want to add this film to your DVD collection, I suggest this edition. Hurry, there are only so many left. You'll enjoy it.
B00000IAU3|5.0|being an englishman myself,its hard to find that right blend of jazz,vocal and rhythm without having to turn on the radio....I actually heard this on a friends car CD.....I just had to go out and buy it. If you are in your 30's...you will remember the vocals of karen carpenter....well dido is worthy of being compared with her....I'm flying back to england just so I can see this lady in concert....she is that good.you really need to be on that plane,in that venue.....
B00000IAU3|4.0|The first half is REALLY good, so it gets 4 stars.  And the second half isn't THAT bad.
6304711891|4.0|This is one of the few action movies I think still holds up and this DVD presents it pretty well but there are basically no little extra things on it.  Wait for the Criterion DVD to come out.  It will more than likely have an anamorphic transfer (since they started doing that), great sound and it will also have a lot of extras like a history on Alcatraz, outtakes and of course a commentary.  But unless you really have to have it and don't care for supplements, you can't go wrong with this disc.
0425170349|3.0|As usual, the last 250 pages of this TC book race along, and I must say, what happens to the &quot;bad guys&quot; is what a great friend of mine said, poetic justice.  BUT, the good guys, they're just too good, no flaws, (real people have flaws).  I did enjoy the greedy Russian with a consciense, he was my favorite character of them all, Chavez my least favorite, too bad he didn't get knocked off in Clear And Present Danger.  It's worth the read if you can get through the sappy family scenes scattered through out the book.  My least favorite of his books is Clear And Present Danger, the best two, Sum Of All Fears and Without Remorse.
B00003CXDG|4.0|I thought this film was pretty good but I still enjoy the original's cloak and dagger stuff.  Still, John Woo delivers some amazing visuals (though sometimes he does the slow-mo thing a little too much) and stunts making this film still worth watching, even though it's plot is a sixth rate James Bond plot.  But it definitely makes me wonder how good a Bond movie Woo could make.
B0000009SM|4.0|It's good yes, very good yes too. But it's not his best Album from start to finish. My biggest criticism is that there are some throw away tracks that I never listen to. <br />Should you buy it? Yes! Inca Roads, Po-Jama people and Andy are worth the price of admission alone. But if you like his 70's style rock the most check out &quot;Roxy and Elswhere&quot;, and my personal fav. &quot;Fimore East '71&quot;
B000002NC4|5.0|These eight songs are the pinnacle of Built to Spill's songwriting achievement. Each one is epic in scope, lyrically thought-provoking, and pioneering in soundscape. The production is probably the best of any BTS album. And if songs like &quot;I Would Hurt a Fly&quot; don't bring a tear to your eye, then you probably don't have a soul. A must have for any fan of guitar-based beauty.
B0000009SI|5.0|This is an interesting FZ album. If you allready know Frank's work you've allready heard it. If you're sorta into him what are you waiting for? Get this now. You'll find some or all of what you like about him here: His weird/funny/politcal lyrics, his brilliant instrumentation and his Kick ass guitar! <br />This one is not my personal favorite Zappa (Fillmore East '71, Hot Rats) but it does good in a pinch. Somehow I always put Apostrophe and Overnite Sensation together. They're similar in style and sequence. Both very worthy efforts!
B000001E7T|5.0|From the day I bought TO BRING YOU MY LOVE, I fell in love with all the tracks. PJ Harvey's voice has that luring effect on me.  I can listen to &lt;DOWN BY THE WATER&gt; at least twice at one sitting. Same thing for the title track. There aren't many female artists like PJ, with the feel for sung emotion. I don't think we could put a particular genre to name, as for a theme, but the music speaks for itself.<br />Under all the grunge guitar and organ solos, are lyrics so deadly beautiful.I just wish the lyrics were printed in the book. Same thing for more pics of her. When I first came to know about PJ, I thought she was a guy. The cover of the CD &lt;RID OF ME&gt; threw me way off.<br />On this CD, she's hauntingly stunning. The cover is taken from the video of &lt;DOWN BY THE WATER&gt;<br />Along with her amazing lyrics, PJ's voice is quite powerful. She can moan and croon like no other. I never understood the lyrics to &lt;LONG SNAKE MOAN&gt;. The backup is just a bit too noisy. &lt;COME ON BILLY&gt; lightens PJ's hoarse voice some. Same with &lt;TECLO&gt;.<br />TO BRING YOU MY LOVE is probably the best between her 1st and her current CD. I've never heard an organ played the way she does. She makes it sound like it's begging for mercy, yet the style is remarkable. You'll find the organ solos throughout the album. They actually help with the backup sound, along with guitars by her brother, Mick Harvey.<br />Take my word for it. ...
0375728007|5.0|This was a really good book. It is such a great love story. It also makes you realize life doesn't always work out the way you want it, but you can still make the best of it. I recommend it for everyone.
B000000QG8|5.0|What a great album. I first saw Rory in '72 in NYC opening for Deep Purple. Fabulous live show. When the Irish tour lp came out, I wanted the whole world to hear it. The CD sounds even better!!!  Cradle Rock is classic Rory!  You will love A million miles away,  walk on hot coals,too much alcohol, as the crow flies is a superb acoustic number. Listen to this cd, feel the emotion that Rory plays with!!!  You will love it!!
B000002PCS|5.0|Somewhere in Time is one of the greatest love stories and an all time favorite.  One of the things that made it a great movie was the music in it.  John Barry is one of the greatest composer's and he definetly proves that in this movie.  John Barry is certainly one of my favorites and the Somewhere in Time music is one of his best.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|upon listening to this CD I have come to the conclusion that ever since the beginning of anthologies this one CD can and does represent the best of the beatles.of course that does not mean that all other albums  are not good or as good. as many have cuts that rival the best of the time.even some thatare rarely heard today.I.E.''a day in the life''[sgt.peppers lonely hearts] for instance
B000002PCS|5.0|Somewhere in Time is one of the greatest love stories and an all time favorite.  One of the things that made it a great movie was the music in it.  John Barry is one of the greatest composer's and he definetly proves that in this movie.  John Barry is certainly one of my favorites and the Somewhere in Time music is one of his best.
0399103422|4.0|&quot;The Godfather&quot; is one of the VERY rare examples of a movie (and sequel) that are actually better than the book they are based on.  Upon first release, the book was a massive bestseller, more because it is an easy read than because it is great literature.  What it is primarily useful for now is as a means of filling in details that the first two Godfather films didn't have time to cover even with their considerable length.  Such detail includes the background story of Johnny Fontaine, the Frank Sinatra-esque entertainer who is a loyal Godson.  Also fleshed out are the characters of the loyal hitman Luca Brazzi and of Sonny's mistress, who would become the mother of Michael's eventual successor as Don in &quot;Godfather Part 3.&quot;  There is also more information about Moe Green and the feud over the Corleone move to Nevada.<br />Puzo is an effective storyteller and he keeps things moving along at a snappy pace.  The Don of the book doesn't seem larger than life the way Marlon Brando does in the movie.  &quot;The Godfather&quot; is often described as a &quot;trash&quot; novel, but reading would be a lot more fun if all such novels were as good as this one.
B00004XOWM|2.0|Only the most devoted Limp Bizkit fan or anyone who thinks Fred Durst is hot will truly love this album. But for anyone else who has been waiting for this release to get their dose of rap-rock, this CD isn't so appealing. Limp Bizkit has seemed to use the same material and music making skills used on Significate Other to create the wishing to be comercial success of Chocolate Starfish and the Hotdog Flavored Water. Fred Durst goes on swearing for no real reason, DJ Leathel scratches in songs that sound actually good without it, and Wes Borland, Sam Rivers and John Otto play the same rifs and hit to the same beat as their sophomore release. The entire CD sounds the same as the last, so close you can even match songs together from both CDs. If you like Limp Bizkit and don't care about the unoriganality of their music, go ahead and buy this disc. But for those of us who like listing to GOOD music, mabey something else is waiting out there.
B000000OMP|4.0|Of the many incarnations of Whitesnake during their 15-year existence, &quot;Slide It In&quot; featured by far their best lineup.  Along with band leader and vocalist David Coverdale, it also featured guitarist John Sykes, drummer Cozy Powell (my favorite drummer of all time) and bassist Neil Murray.  <br />The result is the band's best album, even better than their also great mega-hit 1987 CD &quot;Whitesnake&quot;.  It is also their most musically genuine.  It is straight up, hard and heavy Rock-And-Roll with a good amount of Blues and swagger.      <br />The best Whitesnake album and lineup also yielded their best song, &quot;Slow And Easy&quot;, a bluesy six-minute plus heavy stomper with really good hooks and excellent drumming by Cozy Powell.<br />Other more than notable tracks on this collection are the title track, the catchy &quot;Give Me More Time&quot;, the hard and heavy ballad &quot;Love Ain't No Stranger&quot;, the anthemic &quot;Gambler&quot; and &quot;Spit It Out&quot;. Absloutely essential 'Snake.
0780622650|4.0|Making a beloved TV show into a feature film is always a risky proposition. Director Stephen Hopkins and company have done a pretty good job with &quot;Lost in Space,&quot; a big budget revisitation of the campy 1960s kid-centric space opera. Like the series, the film follows the adventures of the Robinsons, a spacefaring family who leave earth on a colonization mission. Along for the ride are their hunky pilot, the scheming Dr. Smith, and a muliti-purpose family robot (known simply as &quot;Robot&quot;).<br />There's a lot to like about this film. The performances range from satisfactory to very good; I especially liked Heather Graham's smart 'n' sexy portrayal of elder daughter Judy Robinson. The special effects truly rock. The design of both spacecraft and Robot are inspired: clearly based on the 1960s originals, but upgraded with flair. And Bruce Broughton's symphonic score captures a sense of both epic space adventure and intimate family ties.<br />What really hurts the film is the overly-complex plot. Without giving away too much, the script contains just one two many &quot;high concept&quot; sci-fi plot contrivances. I think that an attempted relaunching of a potential science fiction franchise should have stuck with a more straightforward adventure plot. And the &quot;90s dysfunctional family&quot; schtick strikes me as overdone.<br />Overall, the positive elements of the film far outweigh its shortcomings. I recommend &quot;Lost in Space&quot; both to fans of the original and to those who like visually striking space operas in general.
B000002HB4|5.0|If you don't own at least one Georgia Satellites album, you're either living in a cultural coma or you're afraid of yourself. &quot;Keep Your Hands to Yourself&quot; is sonic testosterone; the song should be the national anthem of France, a nation that hasn't won a war in more than 300 years.
B00004Z4WQ|2.0|...but then again, THE most disturbing movie was religous. Scary Movie is filled with sex, and masked murderers that must of been drunk. It has the crudest humor I've ever seen.  it pokes fun at baywatch , the six sense, scream, i know what you did last summer, and many, many , others.  it has alot of nudity, cursing , and stereotipical acts. it also has some funny stuff,  and alot of potty humor.  <br />the only thing that is even near funny is the part where prince is tied up.<br />the only reason i gave it two stars is because i probably couldn't make a better movie.
6304398395|5.0|I'm back again.  <br />This is a movie I was reluctant to see.  Sure, Robert Downey, Jr. in a starring role is too good to pass up, but Charlie Chaplin?  It's like, who is that?  That silent film guy?  Please. But, nonetheless, I rented the video.<br />And was more than pleasantly surprised.  &quot;Chaplin&quot; is an extraordinary movie, right up there with such epics as Braveheart, The Patriot, and Titanic.  A star-studded film, &quot;Chaplin&quot; is touching, funny, sexy, and bittersweet.  It delves into a subject that some might find boring, but it makes Charlie Chaplin more palpable to a younger generation.  Now, instead of being just &quot;some silent film guy&quot;, people can see him as what he truly was: An incredibly talented man who shaped slapstick comedy forever.<br />An excellent cast includes Moira Kelly, Milla Jovovich, Kevin Kline, Dan Aykroyd, Paul Rhys, Geraldine Chaplin (Chaplin's real-life daughter), James Woods and Marisa Tomei.
B00005214X|4.0|George, poor George always in the shadow of John and Paul. When ATMP was released Harrison cast a mighty long shadow himself and it took quite sometime for John and Paul to emerge from it themselves. Finally EMI has done justice to this terrific album. Jon Astley (he remastered the Who re-releases) finally captures the essence of the original vinyl. Add the advantage and clear sound of the CD and you have sonic perfection. <br />The bonus tracks clearly were aimed at fans and collectors. It's nice to finally have I Live for You with a completed backing track. The acoustic version of Beware of Darkness (available like I Live for You on the Beware of Abkco and Acetates and Alternatives bootlegs) is a delight. Harrison wasn't aware he was being recorded by Phil Spector and this off the cuff performance sparkles. The alternate version of What is Life (sans vocals) is merely interesting but not essential.<br />While I appreciate the original packaging, George has done the wise thing here in updating it. His comments in the booklet are enlighting and interesting I only wish there had been more. Yes, he occasionally gets preachy but that's part of the charm and majesty of this album. Spector's multicolored wall of sound finally sounds it. The previous CD sounded like the Berlin Wall as it came crashing down--lots of sound and fury but little clarity.<br />ATMP has its flaws. I've often wondered why Harrison chose to have to versions of his knock off of Hey Jude. Isn't it a Pity is one of the few mediocre selections that made the cut. I'm surprised that Harrison didn't include a couple of the other bootleg acoustic versions of some of the tracks included here.<br />The &quot;Apple Jam&quot; (as the separate jam album was originally called) doesn't have any bearing on my 4 1/2 star ranking. Yes, they could be termed tedious by most folks but it was clear that they were having a blast. It's kind of neat to be able to evasdrop on the ultimate garage band. I personally would have put them on a separate third disc and had more outtakes and demos.<br />Regardless, ATMP stands as one of the best Beatle solo albums and stands as George's declaration of independence from the Beatles. Along with Plastic Ono Band (or Imagine take your pick) and Band on the Run ATMP is one of the best Beatles solo albums.
B00000DR5D|5.0|This album is the very short account of the succesful concert tour of 1974-1975, promoting previous two albums. TD musicians have confessed to listening to hundreds of hours of 'awful' experimental concert music of their own - just to select the best for publication. Why did they describe it this way is beyond my comprehension. Ricochet is one of the most imaginative experimental work of all times. There are many bootlegs out there, all documenting the performances, one by one. I do not have access to these recordings, but if they come even close to Ricochet, then they are worth every price. <br />Ricochet was the first official concert album, the first one of the very succesful series that followed in the course of the following ten years. You may admire their mastery and innovation while listening to their studio albums, one different from the other, each and every one of them a milestone in the electronic roots genre. Nevertheless, their concert works set me on my knees. No doubt about that one. In the 70s they did not have a clue what they were going to perform while on stage. They just entered the hall, sat behind the mighty synthesizers, Moogs and mellotrons, and one of them would usually start the sound to oscillate between the speakers, audience slowly coming to a hush. Then, one after one, they would take a journey into musical landscape, completely on the spur of the moment, improvising in the real time as they heard what their colleagues were currently playing. Mutually inspired, they would compose simultaneously, without any preparation. That the result are tunes and multithreaded suites? Well, it takes ingenuity. That's really all it takes. I admire beyond description their ability to improvise. I only wish I were old enough to be able to attend in all these gothic cathedrals they used to perform in while on tour in the middle of 70s. <br />Ricochet is a perfect, representative example of the multithreaded music of Tangerine Dream. A few, sometimes as many as 8 tunes and melodies compete with each other, embrace mutually, win, lose and fight in round after round in the musical sparring scene in your burning brain. I have loved to listen deeply into the Tangerine composition and detect when a given tune begins, then follow all of them until they vanish or are crushed by other sounds. <br />Ricochet contains only two tracks, one recorded live in 1974, the other in 1975. Guitar work is knitted nicely into moog ostinatos and mellotron orchestral tunes. The second track begins with piano, for the first time in Tangerine history. Lovely improvised melody gets eaten and ...... into the more and more developing sequencer musical line that ends abruptly after several minutes, giving way to the ricochet-like stereo sounds of the synthesizer.<br />Ricochet is the first Tangerine Dream album that is enchantingly rich in the sense of contained music and melodies, tunes, or rahter, to name it properly, themes. In years that followed, it was Tangerine trademark. Good, old times of the 70s - will you ever come back, please?
079284632X|1.0|I cannot believe that people actually consider this film to be a &quot;classic&quot; horror movie. This is easily one of the worst movies that I have ever seen and to call it a &quot;horror movie&quot; at all is an insult to the genre. I had heard several people refer to this film as one of Wes Craven's best works and was really looking forward to seeing it. Now I have to wonder &quot;what the hell were they thinking?&quot; The story is about a couple of girls getting ready to go to a concert by a band called &quot;Bloodlust&quot; (yes, feel free to laugh at this) who decide to try to score some weed before the show (teenage girls in a horror movie trying to score weed? Surely not - can you say bad cliche). They wind up getting kidnapped by a foursome of the most rediculous villians ever to grace the screen. From there they get tortured, raped, and murdered. Then, in a laughable plot twist, the murderers wind up going back to one of the girls' parents' house and spend the night. The parents figure out that these people killed their daughter and in turn become vicious killers themselves (in some really poor revenge scenes). The story is painfully simple and the only thing worse than the acting in this movie is the music. Imagine the worst kind of upbeat country-folk jingles you can think of, add some kazoo playing (I kid you not), and you've essentially got the music from this film... Don't get me wrong, I like alot of the campy B-grade horror movies from the seventies, but this one wasn't even fun to watch becuase it was so poorly done. I like some of Wes Craven's other work, but I hope he is embarrassed by this one. Even for a directing debut from the early seventies, this film sucks. Don't waste your money.
B00003CXE7|5.0|&quot;Gladiator&quot; is a film that should suit all tastes. It is an expertly mounted and eye-filling event; the blood and gore, delivered in split-second imagery (allowing your head to fill in the rest) should satisfy the most blood-thirsty movie goer; and the story is a superb tale of good vs. evil, power vs. honor, and &quot;Might for Right&quot;. I was reminded of &quot;Camelot&quot; many times during this film, especially by the almost unrecognizable appearance of Richard Harris as the wise and noble Marcus Aurelis. Joaquin Phoenix gives a bone-chilling performance as the evil and cowardly Commodus, who inherits the title of emperor upon his father's death. But the sole weight of this overwhelming piece rests on the shoulders of the magnificent Russell Crowe. If one doesn't believe in him, then one doesn't believe in this epic costume drama. Kudos to the rest of the cast as well, and hand over heart for the late Oliver Reed. But back to Crowe--he is an actor to contend with.  His work in &quot;Gladiator&quot; is a tour de force performance; he very nearly sprays testosterone from the screen. It's what was exactly demanded from him in this role, and he exceeds expectations in that regard.
B0000508U6|5.0|I like this album quite a bit, but I'd like to share a thought abou the vocalist style...a lot of people claim he sounds like Thom Yorke, and a few observant ones have noted a closer semblance to Dave Matthews.  I think he sounds like Sting crossed with Dave Matthews.  Listen to Shiver...he sounds like both of them at the same time.  Crazy.
B000051VWW|5.0|I have been following Sade's earthy music since &quot;Smooth Operator.&quot; There is no other style like hers,performed with such sensuality. I am ecstatic that she is back, and that I can add her latest CD to my collection. When Sade sings, she sings only to you, and it is a total experience in passionate music. The only thing that's missing is news of her next tour. After eight years, its been a long, but worthwhile wait. Sade, it's great to have you back.
B000002OX7|5.0|This is just a great rock album. Every song is great.<br />The Who are at their peak in the studio. Each artist is at their best. The layering of instruments is creative and makes for a unique sound. Piano, synthesizer (first time it was ever used), guitar, bass, drums, organ, violin, and vocals.<br />Opening with the revolutionary Baba O'Riley, to the 7 bonus tracks, this is one cd well worth your money.
6304765231|5.0|Sadly, this film was thrust into the stuff of legends first by the untimely demise of its star, Brandon Lee.  Then by it's beautiful story.  The story should have been enough, Lee should have lived to make other films.  But that's just wishing in the wind.<br />The story of a murdered man's return one year after his death to exact vengeance on those who killed him and his wife is based on the popular comic book.  The idea of love transcending the borders of Life/Death allow the violence to be overlooked, if not accepted as just.  Filled with darkness and rage, Eric Draven (Lee) seeks out those who killed him and his wife, guided by a psychopomp crow.  Brandon Lee's portrayal of the tortured spirit is nothing but masterful.  Alex Proyas's direction is both superb and haunting.  The script by John Shirley brilliant.  Not only was The Crow one of the best and most memorable movies made in the 1990's but it did a wonderful thing in this age of teenage illiteracy, it prompted teens to seek out and read the source material.  Even if it was just graphic novels, kids were reading.  Interested in the written word.  Because they had been shown that magic could be found on the page.  A killer soundtrack didn't hurt either.  A movie that will one day be hailed as a classic.  To me it already is.
0525945636|4.0|This book is a real page-turner, I read it in one sitting.  Though it has a predicitable ending, the author keeps you guessing with bizarre twists and turns.  I recommend it for those who want an easy read to pass the weekend.
0792156684|3.0|Being of a rather sensitive nature, I steered clear of &quot;Titanic&quot;, mostly because I did not want to witness the deaths of the 1500-plus people who perished in the icy Atlantic waters in 1912. Thus I only recently saw the film on video, months after all the hype, the awards, and subsequent hoopla had played itself out. &quot;Titanic&quot; is certainly a lush, beautifully photographed and well-mounted film, although it is almost a bit too &quot;slick&quot; for my tastes. I thought Leo and Kate were blandly likeable, but I was not very much interested in their characters or their performances. The supporting cast, however, was top-notch, in particular Frances Fisher's remarkably restrained performance as Rose's mother. Ms. Fisher did more acting with a 3-second, tight-lipped glance of disapproval then Leo did with 3 hours worth of stilted charm. And Billy Zane managed to twist his classically handsome features into an oily--and sometimes frightening--visage of callow shallowness. The wonderful Kathy Bates always lends a touch of class to whatever role she undertakes, and as Molly Brown she doesn't disappoint. I would have been much more interested in the plot if the story had been told from Molly's perspective rather than Rose's. But the real point of the film is the tragedy itself, which is depicted with harrowing, overwhelming clarity during the sinking sequence. On this level, I think the film was fully realized; however, the fictitious story line is seriously flawed, and I have a difficult time believing Leo as a romantic leading man. In &quot;Titanic&quot; he's more like the arrogant kid who should be taken to the woodshed and spanked.
0767809246|5.0|I first saw this movie when I was sick. Once when the movie ended, I rewound the tape and started watching it again. Retrospectively, it is a compelling story that pulls you right in the center of it. This is a boy-dominated film, but that's one of the main reason why it's so great. It reminded me so much of my childhood, a time when we were just blissfully imaginative and carefree. The four boys are expectional together. <br />Setting out on an adventure that makes them grow up, and I have to say, you also grow along with them. When this film ends, you're just a little bit smarter- and a little more older, because this film invokes the inner child inside you and renews your quest for youth, not to mention bringing back vivid memories of you and your friends.  Highly recommended. You'll be missing out on something truly unique if you don't see it. trust me-you'll thank me later.
630281474X|3.0|This film is way overrated.  I can understand how people think this is great, only because it is the first Hammer Dracula film.  Personally the movie is uninteresting to me.
B000002HAJ|5.0|This cd was probably my first real introduction to the Cure. I was a freshman in high school and had beforehand only known a few Cure songs, but my friends were all like you are going to love them. blah blah. Needless to say it's 2001 and I am still as ever in awe of Robert Smith and co.<br />FOr being my intro to the Cure I must give this album 5 stars. Though not as &quot;dark&quot; as previous albums, it's a special album. I listened to it over and over. I think it's a classic album and a great representation of the Cure in the 90's. My favorite track is &quot;Doing The Unstruck&quot;, as well as &quot;High&quot; and &quot;Letter to Elise&quot;.
B00003CX8J|4.0|How do you pack 30-some years of X-history into a 2-hour movie?  How do you please the people and make the movie still loyal to the comic?  This film played out like an honest movie than a superhero-action flick.  I was very impressed with the acting despite the numerous characters fighting for air time.  It was a good start to introduce the millions of people not familiar with the X-family and the next movies should have even more of their universe. The problems I had with the movie are my own.  I would have liked to have seen more mutant cameos (Havok, Cable, etc...) and Gambit as a character.  The 2nd should be more action packed and hopefully, we'll get more development.
B00003CWTI|5.0|&quot;Magnolia&quot; is an incredible array of humanity and human experience, a veritable banquet of sin and forgiveness, of coincidence and synchronicity, of broken dreams and cherished sorrows. It is a gripping masterpiece of a film, with astonishing performances (Tom Cruise is a long way from 'Jerry Macguire' in this flick--it's a disturbing and courageous performance), editing that moves the stories along with breathtaking fluidity, and a remarkable soundtrack that is a character in itself. All the characters have distinct and compellingly grim sagas to witness or to tell--for me, the clearest voice and the narrative thread of the piece comes from John C. Reilly's exquisite performance as the lonely, fragile cop, Jim Kurring. And, if the writer's point of the film is still missed by his audience, he highlights it with an awesome spectacle towards the end of the film, which may confuse some people even more. No spoilers here--just see this monumental testimony to The Human Community. Then, if you would like to discuss this film more, please e-mail me at twillhead@aol.com. Kudos to the brilliant Paul Thomas Anderson. The DVD includes an interesting &quot;backstage&quot; documentary on the making of &quot;Magnolia&quot;.
6304504012|4.0|I read every review and found some of the comments interesting. The calls for Mandy and Patti were ridiculous. This is a story about a woman's life from youth to death at a young age. Neither of the two actors called for, except for Mandy perhaps, could have done that. They're too old. I saw Evita on the London stage and I recall the great actors that originated the roles. They were good but they wouldn't have been able to do this movie in 1996. Age matters in characterization.<br />Antonio brought ambiguity to the view of Evita: hate, love, sexual attraction. He's a beautiful man and a great and brave actor. &lt;check out his Spanish roles if you don't believe me&gt; He was the right Che because you could believe he got his hands dirty with work as opposed to other actors who have done Che. He is a blue collar man growling out his passionate view of a woman who got spared in characterization in this film. She was a crooked witch and that should have been made clear. Antonio's role is the closest thing to insuring that in the movie.<br />To say he can't act is a slam that is hard to accept when you consider what he has done in his career. I hope he indeed is up for the Phantom role for film. He's terrific in what he does and if he's beautiful to look at too, that's icing on the cake.<br />He made the movie for me. I would recommend it to everyone, not just those of us who appreciate his ballsy and intelligent approach to what he does. Check out his Pedro Almadovar films. You will never have less than respect for him again.
B00003CX8J|5.0|X-Men is one of the best movies I have ever seen.  Although the movie is a little too short, it is still a beautifuly crafted movie with great acting and great directing. A must-see!!
B00004ZAV3|5.0|This cd is great!I am only 13 and I think I am the only teen on the earth who likes the beatles and the Eagles and like Limp Bizkit and Dr.Dre.My dad has all the Beatles original records and has the white album!I listen to it on our old record player buy that too.This cd is all their singles in one,I recomend it to go buy it,right now.
B00003CXE7|5.0|This movie has me grabbing tightly on the arm rest for over 2 hours. Its riveting storyline, exquisite acting by Russell Crowe and Joaqim Phoenix, and spectacular re-creation of Rome has made this movie a true masterpiece and be remembered as one for many years to come.  If you like this movie, you will love ths Bonus DVD that comes with the package.  It has the making, documentary on ancient gladiators, and much more. <br />I am very glad this movie has the won the truely deserved Best Motion Picture award at the recent Golden Globe Awards. Good Luck at the Academy Awards!
B000009QPG|5.0|I know a lot of you Slaytanic folks think that Slayer reached the height of their career with 1986's Reign in Blood, but I personally feel this is the best cd ever put out by these thrash masters. It is also the last studio album featuring Dave Lombardo, who gives a great farewell performance.<br />Kicking things off is War Ensemble, probably my favorite Slayer track of all time. Other faves include Spirit In Black, which is carried mainly by Daves superior drumming; Dead Skin Mask, about serial killer Ed Gein (a very creepy song, with eerie riffs and a victims voice thatll chill your bones); and the title track, which contains one of the best intros in metal history. The only flaw here is Expendable Youth, which ironically, is expendable and seemingly useless to me; it feels slower than the rest of the album. The music itself is very mature, which is quite different for Slayer, who generally sing about murder, mutilation and the like. Here they focus on war, politics, and several social ills. I feel Tom Araya reached the pinnacle of his career here; his voice is perfect. He has since lost some of his edge, but its still Tom, so it works. Kerry and Jeff deliver some blistering riffs and wild solos, which make the experience ever the more insane. And yes, that monster behind the set, Dave Lombardo, annihilates your ears with some great rythms.<br />All in all, one of the best releases in metals history. I highly reccomend this as well as South of Heaven, Divine Intervention, and Diabolus in Musica.
B000000H42|5.0|Yes I was lucky enough to see them at a club (now defunct Coast To Coast in Baltimore, with Exciter opening), and I did meet Hank Sherman before the show. Aside from that, man along with Slayer's Reign In Blood, this album WAS the peak of 80's metal. Obviously raised on the masters, Judas Priest (when they were great-Sad Wings Of Destiny),early Scorpions and UFO, Fate actually surpassed them with this record. King Diamond's vocal range is unbelievable and musically they just smoke from one complex time/key change to the next. A lot is made of the satanic lyrics; if that bugs you (who cares!!!)just listen to the musical ability these Danes possess. A great record to scare your unsuspecting holy roller co-workers with.
B00003CXDG|2.0|High hopes for this one were dashed by a awfully weak plot. Cruise is not too bad and holds his character well, along with fairly decent acting from his co-actors. But Acting is not the downfall of this film. It is fair to say that people who will watch this will be the Action/Adventure james Bond watchers. But this is not James Bond. Action/Adventure, barely.  There are some impressive special effects which go someway to mask the poor plot line, but it eventually shines through. The use of the Rubber Face-Masks to confuse the enemy is done 10 times too many. Watch the original, or any James Bond movie instead of this.
078324228X|1.0|Gee, I didn't know that Hurricane Carter and Malcolm X were the same person!<br />...Well, when left in the hands of the one-note Denzel Washington, they sure are. I thought I loved Malcolm X, but I gotta go re-watch my tape of it just to make sure after seeing this groaner by Norman Jewison. Denzel is sort of impressive (at moments), but it's deja vu time, kids.<br />This pic stunk like a plate of fish left under the couch in August. Its hilarious simplicity is merely peppered with interesting moments.<br />Did anyone READ THE SCRIPT before signing on to this stinker?<br />This is a TV-movie-quality schmaltzy biopic. Alternatively, you could use it to introduce justice issues to a 9th-grade civics class. Beyond that, its simplistic, pedantic tone is an insult to the viewer. I'm so glad I didn't go to the theater to watch this trash...I caught it on Cable last night.<br />I howled in fits of laughter as one idiotic scene followed another, culminating in the hilarious courtroom scene. The kid was particularly annoying, as were the weirdo squad of Canadian do-gooders.<br />Chalk this up as a really bad version of &quot;Coal Miner's Daughter.&quot;<br />I'm not unimpressed by Carter's wrenching story...it's the moronic way in which the story was told that makes me feel that this was a waste. This was their chance to make a GREAT big-budget picture about an important story. As it was done, it's crap and they'll not get the chance again soon.<br />It seems that Carter is an interesting character of some strength, but I say throw him back in the slammer (along with Jewison and Washington) for letting them make such a lousy pic about him. It's a crime.
B000056VIY|3.0|J. Lo is certainly a reminiscence of the 80's Pop with a Latin influence in the background, it sounds like Madonna mixed with some latin balad and a touch of Chayanne.<br />This album cannot be compared with &quot;On the 6&quot; so you'll be dissapointed if you're looking for the same style of R&amp;B-Hip-Hop sound.<br />In my opinion these two are the best songs of the album Secretly and Love don't cost a thing.
B00001ZSZX|4.0|Wow, I just re-bought this on CD and I forgot how good this one was. People knock the John Lawton era albums, but I think they are actually better than the final three with David Byron. Heep got a shot in the arm with a new vocalist, and Trevor Bolder's bass work is outstanding. 'Wise Man' and 'The Hanging Tree' are probably my favorites, but 'Who Needs Me' is good also. The title track is a little weak and way too long though. Overall this is recommended.
B00003CXFG|3.0|I had great hopes for this movie. An interesting and exciting premise, a multi-cultural cast, great cinematography and decent special effects.<br />So what went wrong? The cast, while multi-cultural, were quite weak and didn't quiet have the edge as Sig. Weaver in Alien. The plot at times was confusing, and at times boring, as a bizzare side plot concerning the escaped prisoner unfolded. The Aliens weren't frightening as much as frustrating. Lacking the killer touch of Gigers' 'Alien' trilogy Aliens. Although the 'Only-come-out-when-it's-dark' touch held interest for a little while.<br />Could have been better, but there are much worse.
B000003S5H|5.0|although i am averse to the label &quot;intelligent dance music&quot;, air really is just that.  too mellow to be a party disc, too upbeat to be a stoner's favorite, &quot;moon safari&quot; is an irresistible electronic pleasure.  dunckel and godin have crafted a sound deeply indebted to space-rock, lounge jazz, and 80s new wave, but it is instantly recognizable as their own.  they stay true to that theme throughout the album, but it is certainly not repetitive.  there is ample room for experimentation and innovative approaches to the chill-out, moody sentiment that dominates the record.  smatterings of strings, robotic voices, and spaced-out sounds reminiscent of james bond are the proverbial cherry-on-the-top.  &quot;la femme d'argent&quot;, &quot;sexy boy&quot;, and &quot;all i need&quot; provide a triumphant triumvirate of an opening, and the remainder of the album never lets go from there on.  if you're at all intrigued by any of this, i doubt you will be disappointed by a purchase of this essentially flawless disc.
B00004U30D|3.0|Enough has already been said about the fine acting, cinematography, etc.  Let's go straight to the ending, a denouement that topples the excellence of the first two hours.  Up to now, the film has dealt with a weird sort of reality.  Suddenly the professional writer was removed and a C student sophomore creative writing wannabe gives us the &quot;meaning.&quot;  And what is that?  Why, Death is beautiful.  &quot;If you don't know that yet, you will,&quot; the narrator says in so many words.  Baloney.  Death is death.  There's nothing pretty or satisfying about it.  No one knows what comes after, not for certain.  It is hard to understand how that last two minutes could have survived the eyes and ears of so many talented people.  What could have been a superb film was severely marred so that fourteen year olds could come away with a warm and fuzzy feeling.  Shame on the writer, director, producer and editors.
B0000025CP|3.0|I don't dislike Stained Class, and some fans call it Priest's best album, I just don't see that. 'Exciter' is a great opener and 'Beyond The Realms Of Death' is one of their greatest epics. To me it's just not sonically varied enough to be in the same league with Sad Wings, Sin After Sin, or even the more commercial Hell Bent For Leather which still had more depth than Stained Class. Overall this one just isn't that consistent and never did as much for me.
B00003CX95|5.0|Don't get me wrong, this is one of my all-time greatest films. But i feel i must write in defence of the people complaining about the historical innacuracies. They are not just minor. This is not a historically correct film at all, in fact in certain places it was down-right fabricated. As a Scot, who has studied the period intensively, trust me. So please my American friends who purchase this film, admire it for it's great stroyline and great acting, but don't write a history essay on Scotland using this as the study aid!!
B000002UAU|5.0|This album has it all!  John, Paul, George and Ringo stepped out of their &quot;famous shoes&quot; and into the shoes of &quot;just another band.&quot;  At this point in their career, the Beatles were sick of being &quot;The Beatles&quot; and thus became &quot;Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band&quot; for an album.  This album is remarkable - if I remember correctly, this album was recorded on a 4-track!  Songs like &quot;Getting Better&quot;, &quot;With A Little Help From My Friends&quot; the laughable &quot;When I'm Sixty-Four&quot; and every other song on this record etch their mark in music history.  The best thing about Beatles albums is their timelessness.  You can listen to this anytime, anywhere and it will still sound wonderful!  If you don't own it, pick up a copy of musical history - &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot;!
B0000025IE|3.0|Okay, I'm sure many will disagree with this, but to me this was the roots of Priest's downfall as a seriously creative force in heavy metal and the beginning of a commercial upswing that involved compromise in their music. I think they wanted to simplify to win over the AC/DC crowd (and I DO like AC/DC also). What we get is a lot of easy shout alongs like 'Grinder',the overplayed and irritating 'Livin' After Midnight'and the Beavis And Butthead enshrined 'Breakin' The Law' ('Washin' The Dog'). Moments of greatness do surface;'Rapid Fire' is a great track that pre-dates speed metal,and 'The Rage'(also the name of a now defunct Baltimore live music club -RIP) is an epic that would have been at home on one of the better earlier releases. 'Steeler' is a great track that closes the album. This was the last Priest album that I actually bought.
B00004Z4WQ|3.0|This is definitely a film aimed at teenagers and students. I've seen worse, it was fairly funny in places, but don't expect anything too much. One to watch with friends when your bored.
0790729342|5.0|The Road Warrior is just the best.  Post-apocalyspe films never looked so good.  We see Mel return from his role as Mad Max and wandering the wastelands in search of gasoline, then meeting up with a band of rebels taking on some mauraders who want their compound and gasoline etc. etc.  Just watch the movie, oh and the reviewer who said Road Warrior was dubbed, they were mistaken, Mad Max was dubbed over, not the Road Warrior,  and the aussie dialouge Mad Max is great, wish they wouldn't have dubbed it in the first place.  OH well. peace.
B000031XCR|5.0|she's the expression of pure class. I feel very blessed to have lived when I as able to hear celine dion express such beauty and touching magi c  in song. The songs she chooses to sing are as special as she is.  thank you Celine for releasing me to feel again.
6304806442|4.0|A film which educates and ultimately deters people from the use of Heroin. A film which successfully threads humour with shocking realism.<br />It was said in Britain that the Americans weren't reasy for this movie, and by it's realtively unknown status in the US that would seem a relavant point. Maybe it's the Scottish accents, or the far-from-hollywood feel of the film, but for the rest of us, this is a well-made and thought provoking film.
B000050HTO|3.0|There's nothing essential about it, folks. I own over 50 Bob Dylan albums, so I can make an &quot;essential&quot; Dylan compilation that would earn the respect of the biggest Dylan freak of them all. As someone who knows the music of Bob Dylan better than his own mother, i am telling you that to call this double disc set an &quot;essential&quot; collection is like insisting that the Empire State Building is still the tallest skyscraper in the world.<br />As the Amazon.com reviewer noted, this collection excludes Blonde on Blonde's &quot;I Want You,&quot; and that is egregious enough, but the truth is that Blonde on Blonde still stands at the quintessential rock n roll album, so if you want to get a taste of its power, then buy the album.<br />&quot;I Want You&quot; is not nearly the only track conspicuous by its absence, enormous questions arise when assessing the track list of this skimpy collection, such as &quot;Masters of War,&quot; &quot;Hard Rain's  A Gonna Fall,&quot; &quot;Hollis Brown,&quot; &quot;One Too Many Mornings,&quot; &quot;All I Really Wanna Do,&quot; &quot;Black Crow Blues,&quot; from the Freewheelin', Times Are a Changin' and Another Side Of albums. Also neglected are the brilliant &quot;Ballad of a Thin Man,&quot; &quot;Tombstone Blues,&quot; &quot;From a Buic Six,&quot; &quot;Just Like Tom Thumb Blues&quot; and &quot;Highway 61,&quot; all from the Highway 61 Revisited album, released in 1965, which, before Blonde on Blonde, was the quintessential rock album. The point is that every album Bob Dylan released from 1961 to 1967 is &quot;essential&quot;. Anyone wanting to hear their piece of history should start with those albums, not this pathetic compilation posing as a completist's dream.<br />This is no dream. Far from it. The collection doesn't just speed over the next three decades of Dylan's career, it berates them, rendering them almost wholly insignificant. Where are Idiot Wind, Isis, New Pony, Senor, Trouble, Every Grain of Sand, I And I, Man of Peace, Dark Eyes? Where is the representation of 1989's Oh Mercy, the best album Dylan released since 1975 at the time and his first collaboration with Daniel Lanois, who would work with him again on the now legendary Time Out of Mind sessions. Oh Mercy features six of the best songs of Dylan's career, and all this collection sees fit to present to fans is the paltry &quot;Everything is Broken.&quot; Where are Man in the Long Black Coat, Most of The Time, Political World, Ring Them Bells, What Was it You Wanted?<br />The only way to do justice to Dylan's career is in a comprehensive boxed set of at least 4 CDs, and that is the only such project worthy of the word &quot;essential&quot; when it's placed before the name of Bob Dylan. I am not just an over-exuberant fan or a &quot;completist&quot; concocting a &quot;lost classics of Bob Dylan&quot; list. I could have named twenty other tunes and made a compelling case for each of them. The songs that I've mentioned here are indeed ESSENTIAL tracks, and NONE of them appear here, yet Columbia wants to call this an &quot;essential&quot; compilation. Tell you what, email me and I'll make you the most amazing Dylan compilation you could ever fathom, and we'll see which is the real &quot;essential&quot; collection.I, Man of Peace, Dark Eyes? Where is the representation of 1989's Oh Mercy, the best album Dylan released since 1975 at the time and his first collaboration with Daniel Lanois, who would work with him again on the now legendary Time Out of Mind sessions. Oh Mercy features six of the best songs of Dylan's career, and all this collection sees fit to present to fans is the paltry &quot;Everything is Broken.&quot; Where are Man in the Long Black Coat, Most of The Time, Political World, Ring Them Bells, What Was it You Wanted? <br />The only way to do justice to Dylan's career is in a comprehensive boxed set of at least 4 CDs, and that is the only such project worthy of the word &quot;essential&quot; when it's placed before the name of Bob Dylan. I am not just an over-exuberant fan or a &quot;completist&quot; concocting a &quot;lost classics of Bob Dylan&quot; list. I could have named twenty other tunes and made a compelling case for each of them. The songs that I've mentioned here are indeed ESSENTIAL tracks, and NONE of them appear here, yet Columbia wants to call this an &quot;essential&quot; compilation. Tell you what, email me and I'll make you the most amazing Dylan compilation you could ever fathom, and we'll see which is the real &quot;essential&quot; collection.
B00003CXHJ|1.0|My grandfather was aboard the British Naval vessel thank captured the ENIGMA code machine in WWII. For the rest of his life he lived proud, as the British people celebrated him and his fellow crewman as heroes.<br />Along comes an American film director looking for a story to make American film-goers happy. To make them think that every historical event in this planets history was somehow influenced positively by the USA. <br />This isn't just a case of 'oh well, go along with it' as many reviewers here have said. This is a growing problem with AMerican movies as American children, by the US' own admission, are becoming dumb on world history. This is a country where children think the Indians were a bunch of wild savages and had no right to be there. Children, thanks to the Patriot, think Britain invaded America. And a country where Children think William Wallace was an American. and King of Scotland.<br />It's about time Hollywood started putting some truths in their historical epics. As Mel Gibson put it 'History is boring, and doesn't sell.' Why is that Mel? Why would it have been any different if this film had contained a British crew capturing ENIGMA? The only difference is Mel, if the Americans aren't the heroes, the cinema audiences don't want to know. And that's sad.<br />I was pleased to hear that Britain boycotted this movie in respect of their dead war heroes. Damn right.<br />Please avoid this at all costs.
6302642256|5.0|this video is very interesting and it is a history real,I would like that it left in dvd to be able to comprarla,only I see it in television
B00003CXE7|5.0|Finally a historical movie where American accents are no-where to be seen!<br />A visual treat and wonderful acting by all characters. The wonderfully evil Commodus, and the troubled but vengeful Maximus contrast beautifully.<br />Without doubt the star of this movie was the Costume and Set designers. Rome is re-created with Jaw-dropping spledor in the computer-generated fly-overs, the Imperial palace is luxurious and splendid, and the colosseum is incredible.<br />A tad too long perhaps, but a film worth seeing no doubt.
0399146253|3.0|While I admire Patricia Cornwell's writing style and her heroine, Dr. Kay Scarpetta, I almost didn't make it through this thriller.  It was only because this was a hardback edition of a gift that I perservered.  I'm glad I did, because after the first third of the novel, with its morose introspection, it finally takes flight.  With some twists and turns, many predictable, the novel takes hold of the reader and the romp is pure &quot;Corn&quot;wellian!<br />Still, I think Cornwell has nearly reached the bottom of the barrel in her escapades with Kay.  It's time for a new, more compelling heroine who doesn't have a niece that is brilliant, wealthy, forceful, lesbian, ex-FBI &amp; ex-ATF, helicopter-piloting, &amp; fitness-obsessed.  It's just a bit too much of a stretch...  Same old, same old!  It's time to reach down and find some new material.  But, based on the ending, there will need to be a least one more Kay Scarpetta to tie up all the loose ends.  But then, please Patricia, put your enormous talents into something fresh and untried!  Your talent is bound-up, let yourself go free!
B00003W8NM|2.0|okay, Edward Norton was good in his performance, I'll admit that. But this film fully glorifies my dislike for Brad Pitt's so-called acting. What can I say,  All my friends recommended this to me by saying how awesome it was and how much I would love it. I personally thought it was pretty weak. The ending was extremely stupid. I'm usually very open to cult-films, but this one has to go!
B00004Z459|5.0|I don't even know where to begin w/this one! I guarantee that you will be satisfied if you buy this CD! Its unlike any other CD I own... you'll love all 12 songs!<br />1. Papercut- The beginning of this song is THE coolest and does a great job of catching your attention... right from the start!<br />2. One Step Closer- Most people are probably somewhat familiar w/this song as their first single. Its great and I still love hearing it!<br />3. With You- It takes a few seconds to get into it but the chorus is awesome! It gets stuck in your head SO easily!<br />4. Points of Authority- Okay, the guitar in this song is so cool... the very end is awesome... you'll love it!<br />5. Crawling- The beginning is a little weird but after you get past there its great! Its one of the &quot;slower&quot; songs.<br />6. Runaway- The chorus to this song is really good... definitely the best part of the song.<br />7. By Myself- The coolest beat... this song is extremely original. Its one the quieter songs but its still awesome.<br />8. In The End- This is my absolute favorite song!!! It starts and ends w/piano... its the best!<br />9. A Place For My Head- You'll want to dance to this song... its got a great beat and cool lryics.<br />10. Forgotten- This starts out RIGHT away which is really cool. It immediately pulls you in!<br />11. Cure the Itch- This is purely instrumental but its so intriguing!! You'll want to listen to it over and over just to catch each drum beat!<br />12. Pushing Me Away- Really cool song, its a little bit slower when its not in the chorus<br />I honestly recommend this CD to anyone. I think you'll love it regardless of what kind of music you like. The lryics are great and actually SAY something. They're definitely worth listening to. BUY THIS CD!!! Its worth you're money.
B000002KIE|5.0|This CD is an essential for all rock fans punks and non-punks alike. As everyone knows this CD was incrediably influential, but that is not why the CD should be bought. Do NOT buy this CD just because it was so important in the history of rock. Buy it because of the music. The songs reflect the nihilistic mood of England in the late 70's well. As well as angst, the songs also have a bit of humor and wit. Overall, NEVER MIND THE BULLOCKS is a good album with good songwriting and is possibly the best punk album ever(better than London Calling). So Buy It! and check out tracks 6,8,1,2,9,and 10.
6304602979|4.0|This is just an excellent movie.  Can't say how much I love it.  The movie itself is a 5 star affair.  The DVD version was a bit dissapointing.    Only one thing makes it a 4 star.  The soundtrack is not in Dolby Digital 5.1.  It is only 2.0.  Those of you who have Pro Logic recievers or tv's will never notice this.  Those expecting the killer sound that 5.0 brings will be dissapointed however.<br />Also, make sure you get the director's cut which is not rated.  Very different from the R version.  Totally different ending.
6305807043|3.0|Having just seen the film that was praised so much by the press &quot;Being John Malkovich&quot; I now wonder why it was considered so exceptional. I found it sinister in many ways. An unemployed puppeteer  (John Cusack) enters a celebrity's ( John Malkovich) mind and controls his thoughts and actions like a marionette.  Although the celebrity struggles to regain his own consciousness its submerged beneath the will of the puppeteer who's own professional ambitions of fame, wealth and trophy wife (Cathrine Keener)) are fulfilled by the body snatching. <br />Meanwhile the puppeteers actual wife (Cameron Diaz)realizes latent lesbian tendencies after she entered the the actors head. The end result is that both wives leave the puppeteer to bring up the child independent of him whilst he is being forced out of the actor's head by mysterious elderly people. Who belong to a wealthy clique who have been appropriating bodies and brains for hundreds of years. Some people have described this films as existentialist and thought provoking. I think a more applicable term would be occult induced mind control. I was not entertained but alarmed by it, bodysnatching is not an original concept...
B000000H64|5.0|This album is incredible. Every song on this album is greatly made and the album shows off the band's incredible talent to play their instruments. Especially the drumming and the double bass pedal (i.e. Self-Bias Resistor), the drumming is incredible. My favorite tracks ended up being Replica, Self-Bias Resistor, Hunter-Killer, and Pisschrist. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND DEMANUFACTURE TO ALL METAL FANS.
0792844793|5.0|You could have so many arguments about Blue Velvet to the  point of getting into a fist fight. Personally, I think it's the best movie ever made. It changed my whole perception of a film. The surreal opening sequence with the picket fence with Bobby Vinton's &quot;Blue Velvet&quot; (re-mixed by Lynch, sounding distant and bumped up from B-flat to B), may be the most beautiful few seconds of film one could see. Anyway, this film divided the critics, and that's why I love it. If you were to ask me what kind of movie Blue Velvet is, I'd say, beautiful, disturbing, uniquely funny, suspenseful. Lynch creates two worlds here, with two girls, and a young man who is the arbitrator of the two who loses his innocence. With Laura Dern, you could turn your TV set to Black and White and think the film was made in the 50s (aside from Jeffery's ear-ring and hip 80s haircut). When Dorothy and Frank enter the picture, it's just...unbelievable. This is ground breaking cinema. No picture has ever boasted so much of a contrast between day and night, good and evil. No film has been made like this, and ever will be. Much symbolism well classifies the film as an contemporary art. Love it or leave it. It will always be talked about.  Bravo, Lynch. You've changed my whole perception of cinema and my outlook on small towns.  See it. You won't forget it.
B00000JCOV|4.0|This album is great. I love the thought provoking poetry throughtout the album. I have only one complaint. They try to hard to sound like the best metal band of all time- Poison. If this album was just a little more brutal, maybe- just maybe- it could compare to Poison. But that is a big task. Until then everybody has to bow down to the masters of extreme metal- POISON!!!
B00004ZB9D|5.0|I was never huge fan of Lenny Kravitz.  Not so say that I didn't like him, but I never waited at the record store to pick up any of his CD's.  This is the only one of his disks that I own.  This is the only one you need to own.  All of the songs of his you hear on the radio are here, and all of them are excellent.  The reason I bought this CD was the new song Again included on the disk that is getting alot of air time.  After listening to the disk in it's entirety, I'm glad I didn't just buy the single.<br />     There are songs on here that I've heard before, but after hearing them now, I can't seem to think why I didn't buy any of the other CD's he's put out.  Fly away, last years big hit, Beleive, Let love rule, Are you gonna go my way, all of them are here.  But my favorites are Again, and the beatiful Heaven Help.  I think Heaven Help is the best track here, but you will make your own mind up there.<br />     No matter what, you will at least find 2 or 3 favorites on this disk.  I have decided to go out and by the rest of his catalogue too, I may have just found what I have been missing.  I'm a Fan now.
0517122707|5.0|One of only three books that have made me laugh out loud. The sad fate of John Kennedy Toole adds to the aura surrounding this masterpiece of modern American literature. Why hasn't this been made into a movie? Perhaps because Fellini's dead?
B000009ED0|4.0|Kid rock is one of my heroes..... His album is a masterpiece-awesome lyrics, backed by the awesome funk-metal fury of Twisted Brown Trucker. Good rapping, lots of attitude, and showing a wide field of influences.  He also shows a softer side (Only God Knows Why), and his song Black Chick, White Guy is an interesting and true story featuring some great rhyming.
0671034065|4.0|This was my first &quot;Linda Howard&quot; book, and I have to say that I found her very refreshing. Her wit with her characters made me laugh out loud. I felt that they were very true to life people. The plot was intriguing, and the twists left me guessing for a while. However, I could not give this book 5 stars because I found too many overlooked mistakes in the editing of this book. I had to reread sentences more then twice to make sure that I had read it correctly. One big blunder was the misspelling of the main character's name, near the end of the book. It would behoove Ms. Howard to read her printed work, and talk with her editor about this not happening again. It is not the writer's fault that her printed work goes out with these kinds of mistakes, however, this author can not expect people to pay full price for something that is not well edited. I do look forward to reading the other works of this author that I have purchased, as I feel she has great talent as a story teller.
B0000560RV|5.0|The music pundits have been hailing these lads as the\\"Greatest Thing To Come Outta Iceland (Since Bjork)\\", and whilethe more cynical and reductivist...  ... out amongst the unwashedelite have titrated Sigur Ros into its component elements - a bitof Slowdive, a touch of Codeine, a bit of Spiritualized, a hint ofNick Drake, a smattering of Nils Petter Molvaer, all fronted by anelven extra from The Lord of the Rings film - what remains in myopinion is an album that out-Kid A's Kid A (and that was a prettyfreakin' great record, too, but alas, I digress).<br />Okay, I mustadmit, I'm a softie for atmospheric rock - I spent a part of mylife wafting whammy bars whilst gazing at footwear - and there'sdefinitely never a lack of that hazy, gauzy guitar on this album;although instead of a full-frontal tidal wave of sound, Sigur Rosdeploy their guitar swells more like geysers that burst here andthere.  And in between these bursts of sound, there are breathtakinglybeautiful orchestral and choral arrangements, as well as stark,ambient no-man's land soundscapes.<br />The songs themselves tend to beepic in length, and never shift beyond second gear rhythmically.  Abit of patience is required to allow these aural dramas to actthemselves out, but I suppose it would be somewhat analogous towatching a glacier creep towards and then tumble into theocean.<br />Perhaps the only bone to pick on this album would be thevocals; the lilting falsetto isn't quite everyone's cup of tea, andthe fact that the lyrics are from some cleverly invented languagepulled out of the singer's... erm, head doesn't diminish thepretentious art rock factor.  But if you can get past that the singersounds a bit like Billy Corgan taking on a Tolkien verse, you cansimply turn out the lights, lay back, and let this album wash over youlike the monumental and brilliant tidal wave that it is.
B0000524E5|4.0|Violent Sanford (the HOT Piper Perabo), is a songwriter destined to make it big in the Big Apple.  Leaving behind her father (John Goodman), she sets out to NYC to try her hand at music and to follow in the footsteps of her deceased mother (also an aspiring singer/songwriter).<br />Once in the city, Violet, will realize it is not so easy to break into the music business, no matter how talented you are.  With no money, and the determination to make it, she takes a job at Coyote Ugly, a trendy New York bar, where the bar maids are wilder than the drunken patrons.<br />&quot;Coyote Ugly&quot; is your typical &quot;girl has dreams, girl finds boy, girl loses boy, girls must deal with family issues, girl must discover herself, girls gets boy back story&quot; but it works here.  This is a really entertaining movie, that will please men as well as women.  See the movie, and then check out the real bar in Manhattan.<br />Nick Gonnella
6305750750|4.0|my only real problem with this movie was anakin skywalker.  i know he's only a kid, but he really was an awful actor.  episode 1 would have been greatly improved had they gotten Haley Joel Osment to play anakin
B00003CXIY|2.0|Borrowing much of it's plot from the 1997 film &quot;Overnight Delivery&quot;, &quot;Road Trip&quot; centers around four college friends embarking on a cross-country race to intercept a package.<br />Josh (Breckin Meyer) is trying to cope with his long distance relationship, having phone conversations, and sending video-taped messages to the girl he has been dating since grade school, played by Rachel Blanchard.  <br />While being urged by his buddy (Seann William Scott), Josh, succumbs to temptation and has a wild one-night stand with Beth (Amy Smart).  What started as a night of passion ends in disaster, as a video tape of his encounter is accidentally mailed to his girlfriend at the Univeristy of Austin...so begins &quot;Road Trip&quot;.<br />Being a huge fan of this type of comedy, I have to say I was extremely disappointed, most of the gags in this movie are tasteless and gross (the breakfast diner scene being the worst).  Breckin Meyer does not come off believable as the campus stud, and Tom Green...how does anyone find this guy funny? The only saving grace of this movie is Seann William Scott, given the best lines, and the only funny scenes in the movie(the sperm bank scene is hysterical), he steals the show.  If you are looking for laughs in a teenage setting look elsewhere, possibly &quot;American Pie&quot;, or &quot;Porky's&quot; for that matter.<br />The special features don't help this movie much; deleted scenes, and unrated footage can't save the mess that should have been a howlingly funny comedy...
0060925000|5.0|I prefer to stick to books of moderate length. But with Suitable Boy, even after reading over 1400 pages, I wished there was more. The characterization is very well done, esp given the number of characters involved. The Indo-Pak society and culture and the post-partition period are portrayed extremely well. Plot is simple and yet so intricate. Very engrossing indeed! Everything feels like its happening right in front of your own eyes!
0790736101|4.0|*I myself am NOT Anthony Bennett, but I am his teen daughter, so that is clarified*<br />I purchased this movie recently from Amazon, ignoring the fact that my father said that it was rather moldy. Finally when it came, I immediately slipped it into the machine and what can I say; I'm very glad that I did order it! I am a huge fan of Dracula and have seen many versions of the legendary vampire's tale. But, this retelling is by FAR one of the most wonderful. The lush cinematography in this movie is nothing short of brilliant in it's original Technicolour form, and the dramatic music that kicks off the music actually startled me!  However, the true merit lies not the wonderful scenery or in the camera work, but in the excellent performance of Christopher Lee as the Count.  The sheer way that Lee conveys his portrayal of the vampire was top-notch. Not only was he athletic, confident, urbane, charming tall, and dark, but he also oozed a predator's soul and with so much sexual magnetisim. His Dracula made me look at the TV set in awe and lust because he had not only talent, but looks to boot! Another wonderful treat for me was the admirable Peter Cushing who played the confident Professor Abraham Van Helsing who accepts his destiny to take up arms against his immortal foe. Not only does Cushing breathe new life into his character, but also he is just like the character Van Helsing in Bram Stoker's novel; kind, intelligent, polite and well-spoken. It truly was a shame that such a wonderful actor has passed away so recently. The rest of the cast plays their chracters to a tee, especailly Michael Gough as Arthur Holmwood, Melissa Stribling as Mina and Carol Marsh as Lucy. All of the cast were wonderful! One of my personal favourite sequences in this film was when Dracula was stalking Mina up the stair-case, neither taking their eyes off each other. Top-notch! Overall, this film has been an absolute pleasure to watch. It just goes to show that even a 21st century teen has alot respect for the golden age of horror films *and the wonderful Christopher Lee!*
B00003CXE7|5.0|You name it, this picture's got it: action, adventure, romance, music, visual affects and scenes. From a happy, loving father who only wants to return to his son and wife, to a gladiator bent on getting his just revenge. Seeing a general who has just one a huge battle cry at the burned bodies of his wife and son is particularly jolting. How can any sentimental person not like him after seeing him cry? From the actions scenes with sword and tigers to the visual affects of the coliseum to Russell in a skirt, this movie is pure eye candy. One of my favorite details is the use of rose petals throughout the movie. Far better acting than Tom Hanks in Castaway (he doesn't even talk for an hour of the movie!) and definately deserves Best Actor awards.
B000002BYD|5.0|Pearl Jam is one of the few bands of the last ten years that has released a number of great albums. Starting with the incredible Ten and most recently the allso incredible Binaural, Pearl Jam has continually proved themselves to be a great band, great songwriters and great album makers. Yield is just another in a long line of great albums. True, it isn't quite as impressive as, say Ten, but it is close and continues their level of excellency. Like all Pearl Jam albums, Yield contains some really great songs. One thing about Yield that is different from most of Pearl Jam's albums is that none of the songs really stand out above the rest. It is a consistently great album. I'm not saying that all of their albums aren't consistent, which they are, but most of their other albums have songs that are the obvious hits or that just stand out. Yield is just all great songs with none that are clear hits or singles. Because of this, it is hard to pick faovrites, so I won't. If you are a Pearl Jam fan, I would strongly reccomend buying all of their albums. They're all great, and Yield is no exception.
B00003CWRX|5.0|Succinctly, one of the finest acting performances ever, by both Crowe and Pacino. Definately beats American Beauty in every category. Aside from the fact Russell gained 40 pounds for this movie, he even perfected the few lines he says in Japanese. Russell definately protrays the smoldering rage and indignation his character feels over what has happened and continues to happen to him. Particulary of interest is the wide range of emotions and expressions Russell protrays. This was deinfately the movie that made me a Russell Crowe fan (even with 40 extra pounds!). The inside look at the politics behind CBS's decisions is informative, and frustrating. Highly recommended for viewers who appreciate plot and excellent acting. It's long length doesn't make it a good choice for those who want quick, fun, visual entertainment.
B00000DQSZ|5.0|When one hears that Kraftwerk uses basically all computers and synthesisers to make their msic, you might expect a very jagged and metalic sound. Trans - Europe Express, however, is suprisingly beautiful and very melodic. This album proves that Kraftwerk weren't just brilliant musical engineers and sound creators, but also incredible musically. This is Kraftwerk at their best. All the songs are great and flow beautifully. My personal favorites are Europe Endless and the title track. After almost 25 years, this album still sounds like it was made in the future. Trans - Europe Express is, at least, a very interesting album to listen to and at most a brilliant album, mixing melody with technology.
B00004ZAV3|3.0|The Beatles created some of the most beautiful, intelligent, innovative, and fun music that the world has ever heard.  They created so much high quality music in such a massive volume that most people consider them to be the greatest band of all time.  Now can one single CD give a good feel for what the Beatles could do?  Yes.  Does Beatles 1 successfully do it?  No.  The CD misses the proper focus by limiting itself to only the number one hit songs, which keeps the CD from showing a lot of the Beatles best songs, such as &quot;While my Guitar Gently Weeps&quot; and &quot;Got to get You into My Life.&quot;  In fact, most of the really innovative songs that came during the middle and the end of their carreer are missing from this album.  Even the earliest tracks that are on the CD are not the best stuff that the Beatles did during that time.  Songs like, &quot;I Saw Her Standing There&quot; or &quot;Twist and Shout&quot; or a large assortment of others are missing.  It is not satisfactory to listen to this CD because you know that there is a gaping hole in it, and as a way of introducing people to the Beatles, this is not the strongest thing out there.  Maybe if they made a Beatles 2, it would fill the holes that were in Beatles one.
B000002UJQ|5.0|OK Computer is hard to describe in words. It is easily in the top three albums of the 90s and is one of the best of all time. All the songs are truly incredible and inspiring. My favorites are Exit Music ( For A Film ) and Karma Police. I'm sure that by now you have heard something about this album, and it is as great as everyone says. This is an essential album to own by any standards.
B000024LML|5.0|Snoop has the best voice in the history of rap. No one comes evan close to Dr Dre as a producer in the rap producer. This is basicly a sequal to &quot; The Chronic&quot; the greatest rap album ever. So what do you think this albums gonna be like? Its great!!! I love this album. The first full song on the album is n &quot;Gin and Juice&quot; wich is a classic. The song has a great beat and Snoops flow is great. The &quot; Tha Shiznit is the same thing great beat, and flow. Snoops flow on &quot;Lodi Dodi&quot; isn't as good buut its still real good. &quot;Murder Was the Case&quot; is another classic. Snoop tells a story about how he gets shot and is given a second chance at life if he changes his ways. Cool song. &quot;Serial Killa&quot; is a good song dosn't stand out thogh. &quot;Who Am I&quot; is another classic. Just listen to how great of a beat this song has. I love how the beging transforms. This shows Dre's tallent. Snoop barly evan raps on &quot;For all my N****as and B***hes&quot; but The Dogg Pound does a tight job so the songs still worth listening to. &quot;Aint no Fun&quot; is like the fourth classic on the album. Everyones flows are great and Nate Doogs vioce fits right in this song. Im not that in to &quot;Doggy Dogg World&quot; cuz its too dull. I dont realy like the Dramatics either. The final three song are all around great songs. I love them. You can see where Eminiem got the sound of &quot;The Real Slim Sady&quot; if you listen to &quot;Gz and Hustlas&quot; Snoops flow sonds a lot like Ems. If your a hip hop fan you have no excuse to not own this album. It has everything you could ask for in a rap album.
B000056H7W|5.0|The vocals haven't really changed since still life, clean and good as always. This album takes a more melodic tone, but it is still heavily influenced by death metal. The drapery falls was the first song, but the funeral portrait is just better. The songs are longer than the majority on Still Life, taking more of the lengthy turn of Morningrise. OPETH JUST KEEP GETTING BETTER ROCK HARD BABY
B00005214X|5.0|One of the most enjoyable things about the re-release of re-mastered editions of albums, such as this, is the opportunity to revisit music you have not heard in years to see if it still holds up-this CD does, remarkably well.  The sound on this new, re-mastered edition is clear and fresh.<br />Thirty years after its initial release it may be hard to remember the impact this album had.  In the wake of the break-up of the Beatles in 1970, both John Lennon (in his solo LP \\"Plastic Ono Band\\") and Paul McCartney (in his album \\"McCartney\\") had moved away from the Beatles both musically and philosophically.  Lennon had rejected the myth of the Beatles in songs such as \\"God\\" (\\"I don't believe in Beatles\\") and Paul had made a modest, home made solo album that backed off considerably from the ambitious, musical suites of both \\"Sgt. Pepper's\\" and \\"Abbey Road.\\"<br />Although George had his biggest Beatle-hit with \\"Something\\" in 1969, \\"All Things Must Pass\\" came as nothing short of a revelation when it was first released as 3 record set in 1970.  Of all the initial solo work of the Beatles, this was the only album that seemed to embrace the sound and musical outlook of the Beatles.  At the same time, George, released from the restrictions of the Fab Four, was able to fully express his new found spiritual awakening in songs such as \\"My Sweet Lord\\" (a number one hit) and \\"Awaiting on You All.\\"<br />George has now supervised (and written annotations for) a digitally re-mastered, re-release of this seminal 1970s album.  While this is clearly George on his own, it is apparent that he had listened and learned from Lennon and McCartney. <br />Every song on this album is confidently performed with memorable, and often subtle, melodies and riffs. The album opens with \\"I'd Have You Anytime\\" with its quiet, opening vocals and a beautifully played and tasteful guitar line (by Eric Clapton?).  \\"My Sweet Lord\\" follows with George's hear-felt and impassioned vocals-this song is irresistibly catchy and moving.   The quality of the music and the songs just gets stronger from song to song and CD to CD.  <br />George's spiritual confessions are both personal and heartfelt, rather than preachy.  Although George was often labeled the \\"serious\\" Beatle, there are touches of humor throughout the album--the sound effects on \\"Wah-Wah\\" and his fun and loving tribute to Beatles hanger-ons in \\"Apple Scruffs.\\"  Even the lengthy jams at the end of disc 2 (with members of Cream and Derek and the Dominos) are fun and more interesting musically than I remember them being at the time.<br />The influence of the Beatles sound is found throughout the album.  \\"Isn't It a Pity\\" echoes the \\"White Album\\" and themes of love often explored by John Lennon.  \\"Behind that Locked Door\\" (even with its country sound) reminds one of the simple, beautiful melodies of Paul McCartney.  \\"The Ballad of Sir Frankie Crisp (Let It Roll)\\" contains a subtle organ sound reminiscent of \\"Being for the Benefit of Mr. Kite\\" (from \\"Sgt. Pepper's\\") and a haunting, melodious piano figure.  The title song is uplifting and Beatlesque without being simple-minded.  George has skillfully and confidently brought all these influences together to form an original and personal album of music.<br />A Note on the Additional Tracks: The first of this 2 CD set contains 5 additional, unreleased  tracks not on the original album.  These tracks appear carefully selected and the listener is (thankfully) not inundated with endless outtakes and unreleased material. \\"I Live For You\\" is a country-tinged song with some nice pedal steel guitar by Pete Drake.  Next is a demo of \\"Beware of Darkness\\" played for producer Phil Spector which George states, in the liner notes, he was unaware was being recorded.  In addition to slightly different lyrics, the listener sees what a fully realized song this was even before it was recorded.  The demo of \\"Let It Down\\" emphasizes its lilting melody while the backing track to \\"What is Life\\" is sans vocals and with some added or emphasized horn parts.  The fifth track is a re-recording of \\"My Sweet Lord\\" [\\"My Sweet Lord (2000)\\"].  It seems to have some of the original backing track with new vocals by George and Sam Brown as well as new guitar work by Dhani Harrison. <br />A Note on the Packaging: There is an 18 page booklet with a 4 page reflection by Harrison (acknowledging the contributions of Eric Clapton and Phil Collins), a roster of musicians who played on the album (but not on a song-by-song basis unfortunately), the original lyrics, commentaries on the five additional tracks, and contemporary and period photographs of Harrison.<br />Furthermore,  the two discs are in their own individual, cardboard slipcases.  Each slipcase has a colorized version of the original album cover with added background scenes that are a sly commentary on our modern, urban life.  The entire package is in box that replicates the look of the original album.  The cover has been colorized under the supervision of Harrison and the original artists.  Rather than an attempt to make the cover photo \\"contemporary,\\" Harrison, as he says in the booklet, is just trying to \\"have a bit of fun with the package\\"-it works.<br />In this era of ugly and often narcissistic music, this is a collection of timeless and uplifting songs worth revisiting again and again.
0767819594|5.0|When you're young, you watch your favorite movie (&quot;The Little Mermaid&quot;, for instance) about 6 times a weekand yet it never seems to get old. But as you grow up, it's a rarity to find a movie that you can watch over and over without getting bored of it.  Cruel Intentions is a good example--I've seen it 13 times, and I plan to watch it a million more. Sarah Michelle Gellar and Ryan Phillippe deliver wonderful performances, and I believe they were born to play the roles of these 2 mean-hearted high school students.  Sometimes, I think that adults forget what an evil time high school really CAN be.  This movie portrays that sort of thing: People using people for sex, homosexuality, inter-racial sex, de-virginizing innocent girls, backstabbing, love, pain, drugs, revenge.... Thats high school, baby.  People don't always want to believe it, but its the truth, and for some, it's an every day reality.  If you consider yourself to be a sheltered person, this movie can open your eyes when you didnt even know they were shut.  Within every person, there is a certain darkness.  And its up to that person to keep it in or let it out.  And SMG definitly lets it out!  We'll never know what happned tomake her character, Kathryn, be that way.  Maybe there was an incident in her life....or maybe she was just born with it.  Thats part of the mystery. This movie had humor too.  Granted, it wasn't &quot;light&quot; humor, but it was funny.  This movie made me smile, as well as almost cry.   I loved how there were so many twists, and everyone is somehow connected to everyone.  I never got bored with it, and the ending was a definite shock to me. Though I wouldn't reccomend you watch this with your parents or younger children, I certainly reccomend watching it.
006019250X|5.0|Paulo takes you into a journey of analyzing things that are importan in life and ta whole of them that are really not. the important thing about this book is that you'll learn that whenever you wish something deep in yoyur heart, all the universe will conspire to be able to make it true,,, beware though ./, getting confused is the worst
B000021Y77|5.0|In today's world of big-budget, formula movies, it is refreshing to come across a movie that tries to be a little different.  Run, Lola, Run starts with slow music and a quote from TS Eliot. Almost immediately, the beat kicks in and a techno soundtrack envelopes the viewer.  And once the techno starts, so does the action.  Lola receives a desperate phone call from her boyfriend, Manni, who is working on a shadowy business deal.  All he has left to do is pay 100,000  marks to an associate, but he's lost the money.  In a panic, he tells Lola that he has twenty minutes to pay or he's dead.  Lola then panics and tells Manni to stay put. She doesn't know how, but she'll bring him the money. And thus, Lola begins running.<br />From this point on, the movie becomes three slightly different stories, each telling how Lola gets the money for Manni and each with a different ending.  All three stories have many common elements, used to emphasize how a few moments difference can change an outcome.  The first two stories are great and well executed; but the third story is a little far-fetched and somewhat slower in pace.  Still, the energy of all three is overwhelming.<br />This movie has several great qualities: the directing, the visual appeal, the interesting story, the incredible music (which adds to the feeling of urgency) and Franka Potente (Lola).  Franka is very convincing as Lola and pulls off the endless running scenes looking like she could have been in the Olympics.  With these qualities, this movie is a knock-out.<br />The one major flaw of this movie (in my opinion) is that it doesn't quite tell you what the point is in telling the three different stories.  Perhaps I'm not used to fine film-making and simply cannot figure out the theme of this one.  The other thing I did not understand was Lola's screaming.  On several occasions, Lola screams and shatters glass.  Why or how is not clear to me.  Perhaps you can figure it out.  And even if you don't, you'll still lovethis movie.
B0000009RX|5.0|This is satire at it's most brilliant. The cover is Sargeant Pepper's turned inside out with the band members in drag so bad that Milton Berle would take note! The real funnies are the music. 2 tunes in particular. The Hippie culture commentary, &quot;Who Needs The Peace Crops?&quot; in which the character states &quot; I'll stay a week and get the crabs and take a bus back home&quot;. Or How about &quot;Hey punk where ya goin with that button on your shirt&quot; 'I'm going to the Love-In to sit and play my bongos in the dirt&quot;. Very funny stuff.  This is certainly one album I would recommend for anyone wanting to familiarize themselves to the music of Zappa.<br />Some dismiss him as a musical prankster. Those who do have never given his arrangements a serious listen. They are brilliant. At the core of his being was a frustrated modern day classical composer with a genius IQ. He couldn't get much of his more serious work recorded until he had gained some comercial success. He did that by thumbing his nose at just about everything. Pop music in particular and what he felt was the mindlessness of the general public. A sentiment that I share. Just look at the [stuff] that passes for entertainment on TV and radio. Oh yes. Zappa also produced some... and he wouldn't waste a minute to point out that by appealing the the lowest common denominator, he could make money.This was something Madonna perfected to an art. She was savy enough to know that sleaze would sell. It certainly would take more than a mediocre voice.  Zappa held the music business in utter contempt. After a major legal battle with WEA, he financed his own label called Barking Pumkin Records. He pretty much had his own way for the rest of his career. Zappa not only thumbed his nose at society and the music biz, but also at many of his fans. On one tour, he was encouraging women in the audience to hurl their panties up on stage so he could make a quilt of the US. &quot; Oh well. You'll go anywhere. You'lldo anything. You'll even hand me your undies! Opps!Hope those weren't yours buddy&quot; Another time, during the Vietnam war, he was playing the Whiskey A Go Go and there was a table of Marines seated in front He tossed a doll on their table, told them it was a &quot;Gook baby&quot; and to show off thier basic training. They obliged by ripping it and stomping it. He was always testing his audience and sometimes the results frightened him.<br />&quot;Were Only In It For the Money&quot; documents where we were as a nation in 1967. It doesn't really offer any solutions for it's times, but that is not the job of satire. The satirist only points out stupidity to shed light on it. If ole Frank were still with us, he'd be the first to tell us that the emperor still isn't wearing any clothes. Whether he be Democrat or Republican.
B00003CWN2|5.0|Imagine---you're a smalltown girl in the heartland of the US, canning spinach for a living, with an alcoholic mom.  The guys in town get drunk and &quot;bumper-ski&quot; for fun.  Along comes a stunning young man, quiet, soft-spoken, who fights for your friend's honor in a bar on his first night in town.  He talks about taking you away from all this---then the dream starts to unravel as all the signs start pointing toward a secret.  The young man you've fallen for is , biologically speaking, a woman.<br />I first saw &quot;Boys Don't Cry&quot; at the Reel Affirmations film festival in Washington, DC.---the first time it had been shown to a primarily queer audience and it floored me.  By now, lots of people are aware of this fabulous film (one of those rare &quot;crossover&quot; hits that is popular with gay &amp; straight audiences).  Granted, it is not 100% true to the original story.  For instance, the name &quot;Brandon Teena&quot; is a fabrication by activists.  Teena Brandon never used that particular name during hir life.  It is impossible for us to determine what terminology s/he would have used if s/he had been in a more open environment or had lived longer.  Regardless, the movie is an anguishing love-story-gone-wrong.<br />An issue that is often raised around this film is the director's decision to put Lana at the scene of the crime.  Kimberly Peirce (the director) spoke to the audience about this at the film festival.  She extensively interviewed Lana and many of the others involved in the actual events.  Apparently, Lana's statements were greatly conflicted around this issue.  Lana's &quot;standard&quot; statement had been that she had called the house where Brandon was staying from a local gas station/convenience mart.  However, phone records showed that no phone calls had been made from that phone around the right time..  Her other statements had similar holes; thus, Peirce made the decision to explore an alternative situation.  There is a great deal of artistic license taken with the storyline, but this does not detract from the film's effect.<br />The actors, of course, are terrific---with the side effect that it now turns my head to see Hilary Swank in a female role (in other movies).  I am surprised to see other reviewers flinching at the nudity, violence, etc.  I  doubt anyone went into this film without knowing how it was going to end.  You must realize that even in the US, violence of this level is perpetrated on a daily basis for reasons as various religion, skin color, sexual orientation and gender identity.  I can only hope that this film will open people's minds, eyes, and hearts.
B000002J20|3.0|Ok. Before I get clobbered with unhelpfull votes by die-hard fans, let me clarify a couple of things. I've been a huge fan of Yes for nearly 30 years. A 3 star rating is not a total diss. I bought this album when it was released and saw the tour at the age of 17. I was always partial to the first track. 27 years later, I still love that track but find the rest of the album almost unbearable. It drags and plods to just about nowhere, and to make matters worse, the remastering job is NOT good. There's a hiss and the highs sound fuzzy. I can commend them for their spirit of experimentation, but this is an experiment that failed. &quot;Relayer&quot; and &quot;Close To The Edge&quot; are examples of prog rock experimentaion that succeeded and still sound vibrant today. Not a boring moment on either of those.
B00000J7SS|5.0|I don't know if I can say anything about Bitches' Brew that hasn't already, as the original liner notes by Ralph J. Gleason says &quot;of course the muci speaks for itself&quot;. It's certainly groundbreaking &amp; revolutionary, sometimes terms like that might mean it isn't necessarily good listening, but it definitely is. From the opening electric piano tinkling of Pharaoh's Dance, the listener is taken on a musical journey that echoes the artwork in being like a ride on the ocean, swirling, gentle waves building up into crescendoes like typhoons. It's 2 &amp; 1/2 minutes before we hear Miles himself enter, because the scene needs time to set, the master needs the best &amp; gets it. There are great players too numerous to mention &amp; it's an utterly necessary record for anyone w/ an open mind &amp; ears. Beautiful stuff [although I slightly prefer On The Corner which is even more out there]. This edition also is in a neater thin case than previous clunky efforts, good liner &amp; photos.
B000002J1B|5.0|This is by far, the most experimental album from Yes. I didn't like most of it on the first listening, but repeated listings made it one of my favorite albums of 1975. Going back and listening to it many years later, it holds up far better to the test of time than much of their other work. Partick Moraz is a brilliant keyboard player who added a jazz fusion touch a opposed to Rick Wakeman's gothic cathedral sound which he beat into the ground like a dead horse. Don't get me wrong. Wakeman was a truly brilliant player. He just didn't tap as many influences as Moraz.<br />This album also contains some of Steve Howe's most aggressive guitar work. It swings wildly between mayhem and beauty. This is something that &quot;Close To The Edge&quot;(another masterpiece) only hinted at. &quot;The Gates Of Delerium&quot; is a piece about war and the instruments sound like weapons. This is the kind of experimentation that one would have expected from King Crimson. Jon Anderson's lyrics here have contrast. There's some darkness to go wuth the light. Most of us know how he can be more than a bit syrupy at times.<br />For any young person out there looking to investigate progressive rock, make sure you include this along with &quot;Close To The Edge&quot; There just aren't many bands out there today who are such accomplished musicians.
0783225733|5.0|Not Only is the story very good for Apollo 13 which is from the co-writer: William Broyles Jr of another Tom Hanks Movie, Cast Away. The acting is top notch in this movie Tom Hanks always gives a good performance no matter how bad the movie, Kevin Bacon actually shows in this movie he's a real actor, Bill Paxton is very good too and really is an actor whose been jumping around lots of movies. Gary Sinise does extrememly good for his few minutes in this movie as Mattingly. Althought the Top Performances are the Supporting Roles: Ed Harris and Kathleen Quinlan steal every scene they are in in this movie. Ron Howard has crafted a classic movie. Rent it or buy it!
0060926317|5.0|Mutant Message permanently changed the way I live my life, especially my desire for material things. The change has made me a more peaceful, happy, and fulfilled person. I think the movement to denegrate this book because it does not satisfy the political needs of aboriginals is misguided. The message in this story is far more important than any particular geography or culture. This is a book about humanity. Free speech is the COMPETITION of ideas, not the silencing of them. This book engages people. MORE people will listen to what ABORIGINALS have to say because they have read this book. Aboriginals should use this opportunity to engage people in their more &quot;accurate&quot; ideas rather than squandering it bickering about this author and her book. READ THIS BOOK.
0525945636|4.0|Although \\"Code to Zero\\" is overall a fairly fast-paced interesting story, there are a few too many coincidences and loose ends to make the story very plausible. The protagonist, Luke Lucas wakes up one morning in 1958 in a bus station with a hang-over, dressed like a bum, and not knowing who he is. Through many scrapes and close calls he steals a car and a fresh set of clothes, breaks into someone's house to take a shower and change, and starts relentlessly pursuing any clues to his past. He walks through the halls of Georgetown University hoping someone will recognize him and tell him who he is! How believable is that?<br />The reader is lead through a series of flashbacks to Luke's pre-war days at Harvard and parallel scenes at the rocket launch site in Cape Canaveral, and is thrust into the tension of the U.S. vs. Russia space wars of the late 1950's.  Each chapter is introduced with a brief statement about the various phases of rocket design, which doesn't really add any useful or interesting information to the book. Luke gradually uncovers the secret to his past and why he has been subjected to his drug-induced amnesia. The reader figures out who the \\"bad guys\\" are long before the end of the book, but you're never really sure why they became bad guys in the first place. The novel could have benefited from a more thorough character development of some of the critical players.<br />Not one of Follett's best books, but that's not much of an indictment since some of his earlier novels are among my perennial favorites, including \\"Eye of the Needle\\" and \\"The Key to Rebecca\\".
B000022TSY|4.0|This movie still surprises even today.  Though it is dated, it gives a fascinating portrayal of two hippies rolling throguh America at a time of social change.  Mostly scenes and intricate editing, we see a portrait of two bikers who search for freedom.  For me, the delight is seeing Jack Nicholson in one of his absolute best performances.  He steals every scene he is in.  However, it is a bit slow and it is not quite a epochal classic like Rebel Without a Cause.  It still evokes a sense of freedom and a sense of America.
B00004YA66|4.0|The year 2000 was a banner year for New Line Cinema, with the releases of such successful movies as the science fiction thriller &quot;The Cell&quot; and the horror film &quot;Final Destination.&quot; One of the movies among this group of terrific releases is &quot;Frequency,&quot; which takes a scientific occurence and turns it into a genuine thriller with tons of surprises and twists. With a truly original plot and a cast of superb actors, this is as good as thrillers get. <br />Police officer John Sullivan is having a tough spot in life. He can't stop thinking about his father, who died thirty years ago when he was a small child. Being a firefighter, Frank Sullivan cares for his wife and kids as much as any husband and father can, so when someone starts using the same frequency as he is on his ham radio, he becomes even more freaked out when he starts realizing that he is talking to his son who is 30 years in the future. Likewise, John is also confused yet exhilarated that he has the chance to talk to his father, and when he gives Frank a piece of information that saves his life, newspapers and family photos magically transform to show his life prolonged until the 80's. However, when a string of murders is set in motion in 1969, Frank and John must work together to catch the murderer before he can reach his next victim: Frank's wife and John's mother. <br />If you think this all sounds confusing, believe me, the only confusing thing about it is trying to think of how to write a synopsis of it. It's not that difficult to comprehend, and while it is not over-simplified, everything is pretty straightforward and understandable. The audience will be able to tell the two time periods about by either looking for the characters' age and appearance, or by the sweeping shots of the aurora borealis, which serves as the link that connects father and son on the radio. <br />Being a student of science, I think I can speak accurately in saying that the science behind the movieis very precise and careful not to stretch credulity. The whole idea for the connection is based on the aurora borealis, or northern lights, which are particles from the sun hitting the surface of Earth's atmosphere, causing interference in most broadcasts and transmissions. The idea that some of those particles can carry transmissions from the past is perfectly fitting for the movie, and hardly makes it not worth watching. <br />The film has an incredibly high amount of intense action and suspense, especially in the second half. Most notably is the sequence in which Frank is caught in the burning building and must make a decision as to where he must go to get out. Most pessimists out there will shrug this scene off with the notion, &quot;Oh, he's going to live because there's another hour of movie to go.&quot; But don't say I didn't warn you if you don't find yourself on the edge of your seat the whole way through. <br />Casting for this movie was a big plus, one of the better ensembles I've seen for a movie like this. It works because everyone fits, molded to the roles they play. Dennis Quaid's performance as Frank Sullivan is incredible, and since he is most of the movie's life force, he carries it off in a fashion that makes the tension even tighter. John Caviezel plays John Sullivan, the slightly emotional and yet smart police officer and grown son of Frank. His acting really brings out the character's strength and heroicism. Because I don't want to ruin the ending for you, I'm not going to mention the actor who plays the villian, but I can say that he is the true embodiment of a movie villain: dark, sinister, and a slick character when faced with possible defeat. <br />The thriller genre is becoming quite tired these days with the same old plot and character development, and it's quite a refreshment to watch &quot;Frequency.&quot; A terrific action piece and even a family film by most standards, you'll find it to be quite original, entertaining, and thrillingin all the right places.
B00005214X|5.0|For those of you who agreed with my review of The Beatles' &quot;1&quot; album recently released, where I bemoaned the fact that the discs were simply tired re-hashes without the benefit of any reworking, remixing, or culling from the archives of fresh (hitherto unreleased) material, this re-release of &quot;All Things Must Pass&quot; is exactly what I was looking for.  Re-mixes, additional tracks, never-released material - everything that made the album what it was originally is here for those of you who don't know what the fuss is all about, and fresh goodies for those of us who would love to revisit the goose bumps we got the first time around.<br />The cover design itself is a bit of a throw-away; Harrison throws in a bit of urban plight into the colorized version of his original cover art; I suppose I half-expected to hear a complete re-work of all the material (and shame on Rob Zombie for pursuing this sort of thing for his own projects).  When I put the discs into the CD player, however, I was pleasantly surprised at the warm, familiar sounds (re-mixed to present, in my opinion, a little less Spector, a little more Harrison and possibly Jeff Lynne).  <br />The best of the work on the first disc is the reworking of &quot;Wah Wah.&quot;  This track, a tip of the hat to his ex-band mates, allows Harrison to cry that he is able to stand on his own without their well-intended (?) interference, that he is quite fully capable of constructing a lyrical bridge without having to rely on the Beatles crutch.  The re-make allows you to hear, for the first time, the carefully poisonous fretting of the lead guitar without being smothered by the Wall of Sound.  There's some delightful Voorman bass that also somehow was missed in the first release, which would have given McCartney a run for his money any day of the week.<br />&quot;Apple Scruffs&quot; is also magnificently retouched, this time without the studio sterility the original boasted, sounding this time moerlike a busker you might meet on the street, serenading his fans as this song was meant to be.  The toned down &quot;My Sweet Lord&quot; is still the anthem it was hoped to be (and not a re-work of the Chiffons' &quot;He's So Fine,&quot; court paperwork alluding thereto notwithstanding).  Even the &quot;Apple Jam&quot; section is worth sticking around for!<br />There's so much more to this disc than meets the eye; no one who's heard it before (or owned it in its previous metamorphosis) will be able to listen to it and not be transported back to their first listening.  For those of us fortunate enough to have bought it when it was originally released, and still have the original boxed Apple LPs, it will give you an opportunity to put your hands again on the faux-leather &quot;binding&quot; and smile a wrinkled smile at the tenant of Sir Frankie's castle.  <br />I sincerely hope Harrison et. al. allow us similar peeks at the follow-on solo efforts from the early 1970s, particularly &quot;Living in the Material World&quot; and the sorely under-appreciated &quot;Extra Texture&quot; and &quot;Dark Horse&quot;.  Let it roll!
0792839676|4.0|There's one thing I specifically like about certain horror films, and that is those that contain the horror elements, yet have a story that allows you to feel a great deal of emotion for a main or secondary character, depending on the focus of the plot. When Stephen King wrote his first novel, Carrie, it was shocking as well as emotionally heart-stopping. Brian de Palma's film, following soon after, is groundbreaking and intense, and captures the horror of the character's actions as well as the horror of her secluded and alienated school and home life. <br />Carrie White has never been popular in school, and the verbal and physical abuse has apparently gotten worse with each year. One day, she gets her first period in the showers of the girls locker room, and frantically running to everyone for help, she is bombarded by shouts of banter and flying tampons. After it is learned that she was never told by anyone about this process of life, we soon learn the reason why: her mother is a Bible-thumping embodiment of a true maniac, who believes that every action committed by man is a sin in the eyes of God. Her treatment of her daughter is extremely harsh, but only until Carrie learns that she possesses a special gift, the ability to move objects with her mind. Meanwhile, Sue Snell, one of the girls involved in the malicious locker room incident, feels guilt over her actions and asks her boyfriend Tommy to take Carrie to the prom. Carrie accepts, and attends the event despite her mother's warnings of doom and sin. But something much worse will happen, something more terrifying than Mrs. White could ever imagine. <br />&quot;Carrie&quot; is one of the most well-known horror films of all time, and has set the standard for many later films of the genre. The entire premise for the movie is quite original, and the execution of the material is even more powerful and emotional than the novel itself. What makes it so emotional is the fact that there is a human story that happens everyday around the world. Carrie is constantly bantered and teased about every aspect of her life: her home, her mother, her apparel, and her demeanor, and it is done in such a manner that you cannot help but feel a great deal of sorrow for her when she commits the ultimate act in the finale of the film. <br />De Palma's camera angles and cinematography add an immense amount to the overall effect. Many of his shots usually center on someone in the foreground, while Carrie is somewhere within the near background, making her appear minute and small among everyone else. His use of the two-window effect for the prom sequence helps us to see more of the destruction and the reactions people have to events going on around them. One more notable sequence is opening scene, in the girls locker room, where we see the rest of the girls having fun and making merry while Carrie is alone and singled out in the shower stall. Throughout the movie, De Palma does a spectacular job in making Carrie seem insignificant when put with a group of people. <br />Sissy Spacek was brought to the project to play the title character, and does a top-notch job. She is the perfect &quot;ugly-duckling&quot; type for the role, and she is able to play out all of the emotion and terror that Carrie experiences throughout the novel. Amy Irving is does a credible job as Sue Snell, and her performance makes us believe that Sue really does feel sorry for what she has done to Carrie. The rest of the ensemble makes the movie believable, and never is there a moment where you will question the authenticity of a performance. <br />Certain to remain a hallmark of moviemaking, &quot;Carrie&quot; will shock, scare, and incite emotion for years to come. It is a movie that operates on many different levels, each beginning at separate times of the film, yet converging in the end to sweep us up in horror and sorrow.
6302767741|5.0|A truly touching film about 6 friends (not exactly Friends), this independant from 1992 film won my heart. With a brilliant opening scene, and the credits traveling from the last time they were all together in 1982 (with political break throughs and famous people littering the screne set to the great Tears for Fears tune &quot;Everybody Wants to Rule the World&quot;) and a brilliant story line, Peter's Friends is once of the best independant films out there. Directed and acted by the great British Kenneth Branaugh with Emma Thompson, Hugh Laurie, Stephen Fry as Peter, and Imelda Staunton, it's no wonder this is such a terrific flick.<br />Set on New Year's Eve, 1992, each person comes to Peter's estate for one last new years in his house, since Peter's father died. It has been 10 years since they had all been together, performing a small cabaret show to anyone who would actually want them there to perform. Now, all the friends have been married, movied away, or in destructive (or no) relationships. During the course of the weekend, they all rediscover one another as well as discover who they are. With an pwerful script, setting, and cast of characters, Peter's Friends is one of the best. I completely recommend you see it and enjoy yourselves. It's brilliant, so have fun!!!
B0000025ZF|4.0|&quot;The Pros And Cons Of Hitch Hiking&quot; was recorded by Roger Waters shortly after he split from Pink Floyd, and it shows he hadn't found his stride quite yet. However, &quot;Pros and Cons&quot; stands up a lot better than David Gilmour's &quot;About Face,&quot; released around the same time, simply because Roger knew where to draw the line and bring in experienced musicians to help him record a balanced album. That one of these musicians was Eric Clapton himself doesn't hurt of course, and as expected, his guitar work is fabulous (see &quot;Sexual Revolution&quot; and the title track).<br />As for &quot;Pros and Cons&quot;'s concept- since Roger Waters is incapable of making an album without a complex and multilayered concept, not that that's a bad thing -it's different than any of his other solo albums. Roger has spoken tongue-in-cheek of Pros and Cons being &quot;the only album I wrote about sex.&quot; It involves a series of dreams experienced by a man who wishes to leave his wife. The man dreams about pursuing and having sex with a beautiful hitch hiker, trying to keep his marriage from falling apart, watching his wife run off with another man, and finally realising that he truly does love his wife, and &quot;couldn't bear to spend another moment alone.&quot; This is the only Roger Waters solo album that concerns itself primarily with individual concerns rather than societal concerns (such as the apocalyptic imagery of albums like &quot;Radio KAOS&quot; and &quot;Amused to Death&quot;), so it occupies a fairly unique place in his catalogue.<br />&quot;Pros and Cons&quot; is also frequently cited to be one of the worst albums in rock history. This is utter nonsense. It's flawed to be sure, but any record that is called one of the worst albums in rock history is naturally underrated. What probably happened is that large numbers of Pink Floyd fans, expecting another &quot;Wall&quot; picked &quot;Pros and Cons&quot; one up, were completely dumbfounded by thesurrealistic and complex lyrics, and tossed it. This is understandable; Pros and Cons is a very confusing album to listen to for the first few times. I thought I what to expect from a Roger Waters album beforehand, and it still took me a few listens before I could properly appreciate it. The best tracks here are the opener &quot;Apparently They Were Travelling Abroad,&quot; &quot;Sexual Revolution,&quot; the title track, and the album's real highlight, the beautiful &quot;Every Stranger's Eyes.&quot; Anyone who buys into the idea that Roger is a sneering pessimist and cynic really needs to listen to this song, which is probably the best articulation of Roger's true attitude towards the world (&quot;The Tide Is Turning&quot; is also good, but not as good). Roger Waters does not sing about pleasant things, but he is always honest, and to do so he must acknowledge that the world isn't a very pleasant place. And yet, he always makes sure his listeners know what is truly important: to reach out and love other people. It may sound cheesy, but it's true, and it's a testament to Roger's integrity that he does so consistently. &quot;Amused To Death&quot; is much better than &quot;Pros and Cons,&quot; both lyrically and musically, but I still recommmended this if you're a serious Roger Waters fan.
0790751143|4.0|Clint Eastwood takes up his ledgendary 357.magnum again in the third installment of the &quot;Dirty Harry&quot; Trilogy. While Dirty Harry Callahan is tracking down a group of terrorists holding the city's Mayor hostage for $2 Millon Callahan is forced to work with a female partner who has no real on the job  expierence.  Viloent and straightforward action with the funny one liners never let up The chemisty between Eastwood &amp; Daly is belivable and thus making the film a classic &amp; a standout in the series. The ending also proves memorable.
6302453356|2.0|In essence, Hook is a visually interesting film. The Neverland backgrounds most of the time capture what you expect place to look like and are presented in a good colourful wash. But what continues to make this a poor movie are the performances (Robin Williams' kids stand out as the most irritating, with only Dustin Hoffman and occasionally Williams bringing any real life to the picture), and the grating insistence by Spielberg and his cohorts to make the most cloying, politically-correct film possible (for a man who founded his career on a movie about a rubber shark that goes around tearing all and sundry to pieces, this is a laughable course for him to be pursuing). But what stands out as one of the worst features of Spielberg's adaptation is his mis-reading of what Pan represents. Peter Pan is the spirit of youth within all of us, this dosen't mean that he needs to set a further example by growing up to face marriage and responsibility. If Williams' grown-up Pan had elected to remain in Neverland at the end of the film, this would have a far more accurate reading of adult human nature than that which Spielberg presents in this simplistic guide of what you have to do to deserve your slice of good ol' American pie. The values that Hook tries to encourage are ones that few kids or adults of Williams' age will sympathise with.
B000001Y79|5.0|No Doubt is one of the few bands who improves with each album.! Gwens vocals are far less whiny on this album,and the lyrics are more serious then their debut.!Althou their debut was a flop for them I *Love* it you should check that out as well.!This album spawned such major hits as &quot;Don't Speak&quot;, &quot;Just a Girl&quot;, and &quot;Spiderwebs&quot;.!Which brought this ska band to super stardon they sold over 10 million copies of this album.! I bought this album without hearing a single song from it.!And I am proud to say I was NOT disapointed it is actually a good album.!If you are looking for something that is not over produced and more original then Britney Spears then check out No Doubt's &quot;Tragic Kingdom&quot;!!! The best songs here are &quot;Spiderwebs&quot;, &quot;Don't Speak&quot;, &quot;Just a Girl&quot;, &quot;Excuse me Mr.&quot;, &quot;Sweet 16&quot;, and &quot;Different People&quot;.!But that's just my opinions!!!Just check out this album!!!
B000002SE0|5.0|This has to be the best recording of Turandot ever made. The singing is magnificent. Firstly, there is one of the greatest sopranos of the 20th Century, Birgit Nilsson in her prime. Her rendition of 'In Questa Reggia' is at once chilling, startling and awesome. There is really no other soprano I have ever heard to compare with her in this role. I've heard the Sutherland recording and La Stupenda is wonderful but she would never have sung this role in an opera house as her voice was not big enough. Nilsson sang Turandot regularly throughout her long career. The only lady who possibly matched her in this role is another Swede named Inge Borkh. Secondly, we have Franco Corelli, who sings so beautifully and with such passion. He is every bit Nilsson's equal. This is really very fine singing and the 'famous' tenors that have followed him are in his shadow in my opinion. Thirdly, Renata Scotto sings Liu with great simplicity, warmth and beauty. You really need look no further. This is the best.
6305358567|3.0|It wasn't a bad movie - historically correct? Nah, but it was entertaining. Cate Blanchett, brings Elizabeth to life, I thought she did a great job acting it (the resemblance to the queen is scary). The writer, should try to stick with history though. I don't understand why he tried to rewrite history, since it is such a fascinating time period anyways. A little confusing, if I didn't study it - it would have left me totally lost. It went from frame to frame to fast without explaining characters and such and it was hurling storylines and characters at you so quickly. It could have been done much better.
B000000993|5.0|As opposed toAEnima, undertow is a rock album. AEnima is a dark creepy ride through maynard, undertow is a loud, insightful album. It takes all the elements of rock, perfects them, and adds maynards at times soothing and other times brutal vocals. Undertow is , in my opinion, the secon best tool album. Buy AEnima before Undertow and you will hear a change in maynards vocals as well. Undertow is a great cd and is heavily recomended for all limp bizkit fans so they can see what real rock is.
0060958324|4.0|To some extent I can agree with another reviewer that said this book was incredibly boring.  But I basically attribute this to that fact that I did not quite get what the author was trying to say to me. Perhaps this is because I'm young and inexperienced in life or maybe it's because I have no experience in philosophy and therefore had no idea where he was coming from.  This is a book that I will have to read again in a few years and then hopefully it will make more sense to me.<br />In the end I walked away with something very valuable and I don't regret one bit that I suffered through all 418 pages.  If you want an easy read...don't read this book!!  If you are currently going through a time in your life where you're being very introspective and at the same time are feeling critical of the culture around you, then I would definitely recommend this book.
B0000026CN|5.0|This album is a wonderful exit from the poppy radio stuff of the mid 80's.  A few of the tracks are heavily drum-tracked, yet there are also some real drums in there, like on Bella. Bailando/Aquatic park is an essential listen..there is some beautiful playing on that one. Bella, i think, is the absolute best mood music on the face of the earth.  I don't know how many times I have lay back on my bed with incense and cranked up Bella and waited for the climax of the song.  Blues for Salvador is incredible...but if you really want to appreciate that song...get &quot;Viva Santana&quot; on video.  The studio doesn't do it credit.  All in all, this album is super listenable, and i will consistently just whisper &quot;wow&quot; to myself upon listening to it.. <br />Highly recommended!
B000035P80|5.0|Don't Look Back is the best documentary about a musician on tour that I've ever seen. I can't say enough good things about it, and it is all I can do to imagine how D. A. Pennebaker simultaneously made himself so ubiquitous and so unnoticed as to capture the remarkable footage that he got on Dylan's British tour. From the incredible sequence of Joan Baez warbling the then-unreleased &quot;Percy's Song&quot; even as Dylan is pounding out the lyrics on his typewriter, to the revealing moments where Dylan manager Albert Grossman quite literally strong-arms the BBC into a high-paying deal for a tv appearance, to Dylan himself, at the most accessible he would ever be in his long career, alternately jousting and jesting with the British press, most of whom seem completely ignorant as to which is the jest and which is the joust. Dylan again, talking with a fan who doesn't like &quot;Subterranean Homesick Blues&quot; because &quot;it just doesn't sound like you,&quot; (which was the whole point of the song), and Dylan's gritted-teeth reply: &quot;Oh, I see what kind of person you are right away.&quot; Dylan yet again, in an astonishingly unguarded moment, bawling out everyone in his hotel room over a wineglass Alan Price dropped out of the window, acting like the only responsible adult in a kindergarten class...and when a drunken Price admits the deed, Dylan lets him have it with both barrels and finally kicks him out, despite Price having been Dylan's best friend in England throughout the entire film. In fact, a lot of this movie is about Dylan shedding elements of his persona, entourage, and his music. Bringing it All Back Home had just been released when Don't Look Back was being filmed, and the album served as a harbinger of the rock and roll shift Dylan's music was about to take. It's far more noticeable in hindsight, of course, but in this film you see Dylan breaking his ties with his folkie past. &quot;Subterranean Homesick Blues&quot; being shown right up front is adead giveaway, but you may miss some of the more subtle signs: His growing disenchantment with being pegged as a folkie, evidenced by both the abovementioned reaction to his fans and his jests/jousts with the press, both harbingers of the surreal &quot;anti-interviews&quot; Dylan would give over the next few years. Then there is the slow disintegration of his relationship with Baez -- there is a moment about midway or 2/3 of the way through Don't Look Back where Joan walks out of Dylan's hotel room...and though she appears later in the film through the judicious use of editing, Baez has since admitted that that was the moment she walked out of Dylan's life. Another folk-music tie broken, as much by Dylan as by Baez (his near-indifference to her through much of the film is chilling...). There is also Dylan's discomfort with the &quot;Donovan issue&quot;, both in being compared to Donovan and in meeting the guy. You can see the uncertainty all over Bob's face during this sequence, and the nicer he tries to be to Donovan -- who quite honestly sholdn't even be in the same room with Dylan -- the funnier the whole thing gets. Then there is Dylan's meeting with the President of Dylan's British fan club -- the bespectacled weedy fellow who looks like he just stepped whole and breathing out of the nightclub scene in A Hard Day's Night. Dylan's conversation with this guy is polite on the surface, but again, there are undertones of discomfort, even dislike, so palpable that they make you want to cringe. Dylan is so clearly disenchanted with some aspects of his career, even though he puts on a game face and acts satisfied with what he's doing, that it's a wonder he didn't completely telegraph his shift to electric music. (Actually, he did -- it's just that most people were too blind to see it coming at the time.)<br />As I said above, the footage in this film is incredibly revealing. Never again would Dylan be so accessible, so honest and forthright, as he was in Don't Look Back -- and even here, as I've said, you can sense his withdrawal from that accessibility begin. How Pennebaker managed to capture all this intense, remarkable, human footage of Dylan and co., without his subjects noticing or caring about how they came across, is beyond me. Few music documentaries, before or since, have had such verve, or such nerve, as to show their subjects in such a potentially-unflattering light (the only two I can think of that come anywhere close are Gimme Shelter, the Maysles Brothers' astonishing Stones/Altamont document, and Let It Be, the Beatles' on-film disintegration (and final live performance) which stupidly remains out of print). Don't Look Back does all that and more, never cheating, never prevaricating or retreating, always telling the truth. It was a rare achievement for its time, and a film that could never be made today.<br />(FINAL NOTE: All right, Messrs. Dylan and Pennebaker -- now that Don't Look Back has been remastered and rereleased, how about doing the same with the long-missing and much-missed 1966 followup, Eat the Document? It's no less raw, revealing, and astonishing than its predecessor, and is richly deserving of a rerelease. Here's hoping!)
6304297912|5.0|After the success of Shallow Grave, the triumvirate of  director Boyle, producer Andrew MacDonald and writer John Hodge didn't sell out to Hollywood and grab the barrel loads of cash on offer. Instead they decided to take on the difficult project of filming the unfilmable, namely Irving Welsh's extreme, druggy vision, Trainspotting. The Edinburgh writer's cult novel is a shocking, sickening, but also blackly hilarious voyage into his city's dark nether regions, an dso is this film. <br />The movie follows the fortunes of likable, suede-head junkie Mark Renton (McGregor), and his dodgy gang of sidekicks: girl magnet Sick Boy, nerd Spud, and psycho Begsbie (Robert Carlyle). Exploring the oblivion and depredation of drugs, the film treats us to delights of acute diarrhea, 'toilet diving' in the filthiest toilet in Scotland, crime, unemployment, AIDS, copious vomiting, as well as some football. One of the more direct statements made in the movie is that being Scottish sucks. What is more apparent, however, is that being a f**ked up junkie sucks. <br />The fact that such unpromising material makes for compelling viewing is due to the sheer talent at work in the film. The center of the movie is Renton's cynical, world-weary view: &quot;One day their won't be men or women, just wankers&quot;. <br />The soundtrack, mixing the cool of Lou Reed with techno and Britpop, is not a grubby attempt to cash in, but helps the atmosphere and the pacing of the movie.<br />McGregor's acting is assured. His sullen, hypnotic presence is the film's heart, but he is ably assisted by the other actors, particularly Robert Carlyle's Begsbie. Irving Welsh also makes an appearance as local dealer Mother Superior so called because of the length of his habit!<br />Certainly this is a dark and dirty, violent and sordid movie, but it is also strangely uplifting with a hint of optimism at the end. Hamstrung by its need to constantly make deals and cover all the bases, this is the kind of movie, Hollywood is no longer able to make.
B00003CWL6|3.0|Witty and stark, the film rings of real life- but not the one on most main streets and backroads of this great country. But rather a &quot;Hotel California-ized&quot; version of Perversion, USA..... just the same, it is a meandering walk through the life of dysfunctional people everywhere, and therein lies the one major fault of this movie. Not one of the main characters is a redeeming person, not one is &quot;normal&quot;... the contract among the characters would have been better realized if one of the main protagonists would have had a normal life, perhaps sharing the shock and dismay at the pathos as we the viewer are. But instead, it is an interplay of a macabre life that a few, &quot;Jerry Brown&quot; types (there, my second California reference, so shoot me (like Lester)) might relate to fully. It is like looking into a fish bowl, with beautiful guppies, warped visages by the roundness of the bowl, and eventually eaten by their mama fish!  It's a Wonderful Life, this movie ain't!  Where is JImmy Stewart, oh dead. And why not Tom Spanks, oh wait, he is a Castaway. Well, looksy here, Lester is none other than Spacey, and lo and behold, a tremendous tour deforce of acting is displayed. Oscar for Lester, and rightfully so. But Mrs. Beatty was even better, and slighted by the Academy, I am sorry to say. Remaining cast was so-so.  If you have an experience like mine, you will find that, on first viewing this movie is too weird. On second viewing it comes to life (as I become numb to the idiosyncracies of the characters, much like watching the Rodney King tape for the umpteenth time), and by the third viewing, it is trite.... pass the salsa and let's watch HGTV instead.
B000053SPI|5.0|I have been a Journey fan since &quot; Infinity &quot; 1978. When other good bands have come and gone,Journey has still been here going strong. &quot;Arrival&quot; is soon to be a #1 record for the band and even though I've enjoyed everything Journey has done in the last 25 years this one is my favorite. &quot; Higher Place &quot; is soon to be a #1 hit and I know that Journey fans will enjoy every song on this album as much as I do. Thank's for the music Journey!
B00004Z459|3.0|the cd was alright even though alot of the songs sound the same, the worse live i met them at a birch hill concert, they way they started out was by auditioning and then who ever made it stayed and got famous, like makin the band
B000002G26|5.0|So Far So Good is a compilation of Bryan's hits up until 1993 and what a career he has had so far. Every song here has it's own individual merit and could easily stand alone but to add 14 great songs on one CD is too good.<br />From the rocky sounds of the classic Summer Of '69, It's Only Love (with Tina Turner), Kids Wanna Rock and Run To You to the more gentle ballads the Bryan has now become famous for like Straight From The Heart, Please Forgive Me and the phenomenally huge Everything I Do (I Do It For You).<br />This CD is varied in sound throughout but the quality remains high from start to finish and you'll easily find yourself singing along without realising. Cuts Like A Knife and Somebody are great examples of sing along songs but still hold onto their reputation. <br />My favourites are the two above mentioned sing along crackers, Summer Of '69 for its battering guitar playing, Heaven as it is a lovely rock ballad that has stood the test of time well and of course the Robin Hood Theme Everything I Do as it is beautiful.<br />Overall, a great thorough look at Bryan's career so far and one that should be added to your collection if you like Bryan, rock music or just plain fun hits.
0553579908|5.0|I am a fantasy series burnout. I read Jordan's 'Wheel of Time' as far as the first 5 books - looking back I wish he would have stopped writing after that 2nd one....<br />So it was something of a joke when, on the recommendation of a friend, I picked up George R.R. Martin's 'doorstop' fantasy series. The big suprise is that these books are tremendously fun to read with great plots and characters. No plastic here, just great stories.<br />I can't wait for the next book....
B0000558LN|5.0|I love this film!  It had me smiling all through the movie!  It turned out to be better than I expected!  You must watch this film and the soundtrack is great too!
B000056JYB|4.0|I dont understand why they included this  many so-so jams here, on disc 2. I have the German Polydor BF disc from 1986,(825 094) which contains 2 extra studio tracks from Oct, 1969, previously unreleased: Exchange &amp; Mart, and Spending All My Days, which are agreeable if not better than this live stuff...Because these are not on this new set, 'Deluxe Edition' this aint!
B00004XQ83|1.0|I had very high expectations for this CD, and it didn't come close to living up to any of them. In addition to there being almost a complete lack of emotion coming through the songs, the production on this CD is the worst I've heard in a long long time. Vocals are lost on one track, instruments are buried on the next... This may be an attempt to recreate a 1930's sound, but the music sounds like it's coming through an old AM radio. All that's missing are the pops and crackles associated with vinyl. In this day and age, I'm sure the feel could have been recreated without sacrificing the sound quality. Come to think of it, maybe the bad production contributed to the lack of emotion. In a nutshell, I haven't been this disappointed in a purchase in a long time. If you insist on buying it, try to get a listen to it first.
0452281881|5.0|One of the funniest books I have read.  Clever construction which adds to the humor.  If you're worked in advertising, you'll appreciate that he has the business nailed.
B000002OVJ|5.0|Proof that Pete Townsend was/is one of the best rock guitarists ever.  Proof that John Entwhistle was one of the best rock bassists ever.  Proof that Keith Moon was one of the best rock drummers ever.  Proof that Daltry really could sing.  Proof that the Who was one of the best blues/rock bands ever.
B00000373U|5.0|The title of this album is the same as that of a book by the 19th C. philosopher Soren Kierkegaard.  In the first paragraph of that book, Kierkegaard speaks of a poet as being a person whose lips are shaped in such a way that their sighs of sorrow sound to us, the audience, like beautiful music.  Elliott Smith's music is some of saddest, and the most beautiful, that I have ever heard in the popular music genre.  <br />     It is impossible to speak of this album in anything less than superlatives.  It is one of those few albums -- like John Lennon's Plastic Ono Band, the Beach Boys' Pet Sounds, and the Velvet Underground and Nico -- that necessitates listening, without interruption, from the first to the final track.  Elliott's overlayed voice barely rises above a whisper, and many of the songs include only acoustic guitars and bare percussion.  But the solitude and concentration of the arrangements -- performed by Elliott alone -- allows more musical depth, in the subtelty of his intonation or the phrasing of his guitar, than a collaborative or more orchestrated effort could possibly achieve.  His lyrics, in the tradition of great pop songs, are understood only in the context of the music, and walk that fine line between abstraction and articulation such that the listener understands perfectly his message, though perhaps that message is different for every listener or for Elliott himself.<br />     There is no musician to compare to Elliott Smith, not because he is perfectly original but because he has woven himself in the tradition of pop music in such a way that any attempt at comparison would lack dimension.  Essentially, if you have sat in a room and listened to music and just been absorbed by it, if you have that patience and capacity to hear and be moved, then this is an album that you should own.  It's the kind of album that people will be buying and listening to twenty years from now.
0380733358|5.0|I don't have much experience with Ken Follett, nor this genre of books. But, I am a WWII-buff. This book is about a German spy that uncovers secrets that, if let out, would have turned D-Day into a catastrophe for the allies.<br />The book is well written and kept me awake several nights. If you are into Ken Follett and this kind of books, I think this is a good book for you. If you're a WWII-buff like myself, this really is a book you must read. It's not going to teach you something you didn't know, but it will put the D-Day preparations in a bit of a different light by telling you a story that just as well could have been true.<br />Definately worth the money.
0553266306|5.0|What can I add to 69 other reviewers?  Simply this; I first read the book 25 years ago, and I still regularly take it back down off the shelves and dip into some part that jogs my memory, and enjoy savouring the detail afresh, as with a great piece of classical music or a Jane Austen novel.  I am not normally a reader of thrillers; but this is equally much a great detective story and a mind game, and the writing style and the language are also superb, as is the evocation of the French setting.  It starts quite slowly but accelerates all the way to the end.  It is fascinating to compare it with the great 1973 film (NOT the Bruce Willis version). Scenes from the film like the final assassination attempt create an even more vivid picture in the mind as you read the book again.  On the other hand, the detail of the planning, or the moment of Lebel's realisation of how the Jackal has got a gun through the apparently impregnable police screen, or seeing how all the different threads of the storyline fit together, can only be captured in the book.  Every word and every nuance count at the climactic moments.  Read the book, then see the film, then read the book again.  It may not be as pacy as some modern all-action thrillers, but it is never contrived and virtually every bit rings true.
0375501851|3.0|A careful and considered synopsis of Zadie Smith's first novel would take far more words that the constraints of this review would allow. Suffice it to say that `White Teeth' is a long, convoluted, multi-generational, multi-cultural novel. If there is a topic of importance that Smith doesn't touch on I'm at a loss to identify it! `White Teeth' is a dense novel, in the sense that it is packed full of ideas and ideologies, but it is also a fabulous story of redemption and triumph. All the characters endure a considerable `arc' in their development and seem fully realized, if not always likable, and Smith has a gift for dialogue that a reader rarely encounters<br />`White Teeth' has garnered the kind of praise usually reserved for more established authors but I find that the exuberance of some reviewers is not entirely justified. While this is a remarkable first novel, it does not redefine the `novel' or any particular genre. Let's wait for her next novel before anointing her the Queen of the Written Word.<br />I agree with at least one of the other Amazon reviewers in that `White Teeth' definitely loses it's bite in the final quarter and is only redeemed by a beautiful ending that brings all the characters together in a finale that you won't forget.
1573300403|5.0|A must for fans of MJ. For what it's worth, it's one of the best investments I have ever made! The videos rock, of course, but you also get to see some rare footage of the great one.  Exceptional videos: Earth Song, Have You Seen My Childhood and Stranger In Moscow. The &quot;Blood On The Dancefloor&quot; video I have never seen! Awesome video. My only complaint: when will volume 1 be released on DVD?!
B000002NJS|5.0|The Mother of Reinvention has written and recorded an electronica album which succeeds in achieving something notoriously absent from the genre...heart-breaking vocals wrapped around ethereal and atmospheric music. <br />The first single, &quot;Frozen&quot; is a stunning example.  But Madonna and partner, William Orbit, are shrewd enough to know that duplicating the single's haunting and lush sound is too far-reaching for an entire album.  So they keep it at the center of the release's emotional core and branch, much like the spokes of a wheel, outwards :  in one extreme you have the incomparable dance sounds of &quot;Ray of Light&quot;; and in the other, ballads like &quot;Drowned World&quot; and &quot;Power of Goodbye.&quot;<br />Any artist would be proud of this album.  And if its merely a hint of what lies ahead, then Madonna's future music is surely something worth waiting for.
0060194995|5.0|It's amazing how a book that is this short manages to hit on so many different topics.  Set in Alabama in the 1930's, the inequality and bigotry of their small town is seen through the eyes of Scout and Jem Finch children of the town lawyer Atticus Finch.  This is a book that every parent needs to read, and have their children read. It brings you back to not only the innocence of childhood, but it will make you remember the moment that you yourself, lost that innocense of your childhood.  Told in local dialect it also gives you a glimpse into the charming Southern life that they were leading.
B000051VWW|5.0|This is a great CD.  Mellow and relaxing yet at the same time it has a pure emotion to it that makes you feel what she is saying.<br />My favorite track on the CD is &quot;Every Word&quot; which speaks of that second guessing you do when you feel you have been betrayed in Love.<br />The opening track &quot;By Your Side&quot; is a great Love song which you can sit back with your loved one by your side and feel the feeling she is singing about, (makes you want to reach out and touch them).<br />It was a long time coming but this is definitely a Sade fans best present.
B00003CXA6|5.0|I saw this movie in theaters originally, and have been waiting for the DVD for a long time.  Unfortunately, they didn't put the expanded version on the DVD.  The version they've run on TNT several times contains additional scenes not in the theatrical release, such as additional scenes around the Lutheran Seminary with Sam Elliot, and a meeting between Lee and Ewell after the first day.  There were several other small added scenes throughout the TV run version, and it's disappointing that these weren't included on the DVD.  However, it still remains one of my favorite Civil War movies, even if a bit romanticized.  Highly recommended simply for the sense of importance it lends to Gettysburg as a battle and the Civil War as a whole.
0345350499|5.0|Wow.  This is the most amazing story I've ever read.  It is heart-breaking, and soul-wrenching, and absolutely beautiful.  I was completely enveloped by this book.  When I wasn't reading it, I was thinking about it.  The writing is positively lyrical.  Few books have affected me as deeply as this one.  There is a feeling in this book that I feel I will carry with me forever.  I am forever changed by this story.  Five pages in, and you have already forgotten that it's fiction.  The people and the places are real.  Since finishing this book, I have been unable to start anything else.  I fear that I will never be satisfied by another novel again.  If you never do anything else in your life, read this book.  You will not regret it.
B000002BUY|5.0|I rate this CD a 6/5.   I have said it since 1996, this band is unbelievable.   Lyfe kills wax like Bucky Lasek practicing sole grinds. Boyd cut the dreads, but still flashes the African drums. Three words for Mike: Garcia, Navarro, Satriani.<br />SCIENCE is the best of there four albums.  Their individual versatilaties allow for the most unusual blend of perfect music.<br />I amdire these guys.  They 'out on a limb it' with every song.  <br />If you get the opportunity to see them live, the show rocks.  I have seen them at very small (&lt;100) and very large venues and they handle it superbly.<br />By the way, Brandon and Co., if you read this, tell me when your coming back to baltimore to &quot;The Bank&quot;, love to see you!<br />DJ Treefrog ronniebest@hotmail
B000056HOZ|4.0|This DVD package is essential if you are a Springsteen fan, and the new and seldom-seen videos are great.  I only wish they'd have really put together a *special* package to reward the legions of die-hard fans.  This DVD could have contained so much more information and treats...the discography is weak, with only 1 short audio clip from each of his wonderful albums.  A little more history would have been great, as well as perhaps some footage showing the amazing arc of his career, from cult status, to Bossmania, to his induction into the R&amp;R Hall of Fame, to the triumphant reunion tour of the E Street Band.  Commentary from Bruce and the E Street Band would have been so cool...I'd love to hear his take on what he remembers about that concert that &quot;Rosalita&quot; was filmed, when the women all jump on stage and attack him. There are wonderful stories behind all these videos, and with the DVD format, they could really have done it some justice.  <br />And finally, why 2 versions of &quot;The Ghost of Tom Joad&quot;??  There is plenty of other material that could have been chosen to avoid that repetition.  His appearance on Dave Letterman's final show for NBC would have been a great one, especially if they included Dave's introduction...he was barely able to contain his excitement when announcing his final special surprise guest.  Oh well....still a great DVD.
B000002KDO|5.0|The definition of &quot;heavy&quot; can be defined in two words: &quot;Sweet Leaf&quot; - (see also: &quot;Iron Man&quot;).  One of the most slamming riffs ever.  Like all Sabbath albums, however, there's much more to this one than sludgy, distorted riffing; &quot;Embryo&quot;, &quot;Orchid&quot;, and &quot;Solitude&quot; sparkle with the gentle and nuanced playing that makes listening to Sabbath so dynamic and exciting.  This album, like the two albums preceding it, is gloomy and trippy -- to pick yourself up, just put in Vol. 4.  I don't think I would have lasted this long if I had never heard Black Sabbath. They make life bearable.
0790729725|1.0|The content rates five stars, one of the best movies in cinema history.  Warner Brothers making me get up in the middle of the movie to flip the disc?  That rates -10 stars.  I should have just gotten it on VHS.
B000002KE2|5.0|What a great album.  Sabbath has a different sound on this disc, not as heavily fuzzed out as on the first three albums, and not as gloomy, but they rock with a vengeance.  I defy you to listen to &quot;Supernaut&quot; or &quot;Snowblind&quot; without turning up the volume on the stereo.  Slamming tracks like these, balanced with the beautiful &quot;Changes&quot; and &quot;Laguna Sunrise&quot; make Vol. 4 an example of true musicianship and artistry.  Anyone who likes metal (or rock in general) should own this album.
B00004Z459|3.0|from the opening song &quot;papercut&quot; linkin park show what it rakes to suceed in the raprock genre. with the stabbing westwardy vocals of the lead singer to the smartass rymes of the mcee linkin park show that you dont have to have fred durst whining to make a good album.hybrid theory is an all out blitz of emotions from the minds of a couple of screwed up individuals. the way the songs go together make it so its kinda of a concept album. &quot;one step closer&quot; is probably the wirst song on the album. that says alot being that song is their hit. overall this album is pretty good.what it lacks is originality. they are doing stuff like a pissed off 311 would do them. if you want an album that will stay in your cd player this would be the album to buy. if you are looking for something thats going to blow your mind with orginality, then you probably wont like this album.with a little bit of motivation linkin park could easily lead the rap rock scene.
0783229526|5.0|this movie is insane , its about to drug users, who decide go on a trip to cover a story on a motor bike race in the desert, with ether,cocane,pot,and a whole suitcase of drugs ,they take drugs like chain smokers, the movie is about tripping out what happens to mind is pure fun and sillyness. lots of paranoid acting and tripping out on acid and lsd .
0451457994|2.0|I'm surprised by all the five-star reviews this book is getting. It took me months to finish this book because it was so boring.  After discovering a black slab on the moon that is thought to have been planted by aliens, a team is sent to Saturn to investigate.  The first half is utter torture to read, as the book jumps from one story to another, leaving the reader frustrated.  Things picks up in the second half when HAL, the ship computer, begins to act up.  But overall, this book is a big disappointment.  I haven't seen the movie, but it must be better than the book.
0780631684|3.0|this movie very interesting ...the fact that the killer is death itself instead of a human or monster .....acting is scream style very over the top ....the fact that its a uknown force makes it interesting because i can see no end to the possible ways to die ....wheres final destination 2 more!
B0000524E5|1.0|This movie deserves every harsh review it gets. However, if you want plotless mush and adore watching the heaving, bouncing chests of model-esque women, then you will probably love this movie. If you have a brain and like to use it, this movie is probably not for you. What little plot it has is overdone and you can predict what each move will be. <br />Nothing but fluff.
0783229887|5.0|i really have enjoyed all ot the chucky movies,and bride of chucky was definitely a riot. I know it wasn't exactly scary,but having brad dourif do chucky's voice in all 4 movies,well,what can i say, i think he gives chucky life,and that makes me a true fan of the movies. Honestly, the child's play movies are definitely worth watching, if you are a true horror fan like myself.
B000053SPI|5.0|The guys have come back with a very good cd. The us version i heard will have a few more rockers....Ron
0679879269|5.0|A fantastic book by the author Phillip Pullman that takes you inside the minds and world of Lyra and Will, as they try and save the world from oblivion.<br />The only downside of the book is the ending. It is extremely sad and cruel, and it also leaves loads of quiestions unanswered and loose ends not tied up. Apart from that, what a great book, here's hoping for a fourth!!
B00004Z4WQ|3.0|Well, what can I say?  If you have been reading the other reviews, you know of the films major problem: the nudity.  Normally, I would not complain, but this is MALE nudity.  And as a male, it scared me.  Ok, now lets start the review.<br />The movie spoofs Scream, I Know, and the Matrix, and a couple more.  This is where the meat of the comedy is derived from.  Sure, there are a few &quot;non-spoof &quot; jokes, but they are not that funny.  Except for the Ms. Mann scene, which was creepy, in a creepy sense.  There are plenty of laugh-out-loud jokes, with a few snicker ones.  So, if it is so funny, why am I giving it 3 stars?<br />First off, you can only watch a few times a year, as the gags quickly become old.  Second, the DVD.  While the picture and sound are very good, where are the extras?  The DVD extras are 6 deleted scenes, a 7 minute &quot;documentary&quot;, and a trailor.  While this is a lot for some people, I was expecting at least a commentrary track.  Oh well.  This is stil a very funny movie, even if you can only watch it a few times a year.<br />Also, for those of you out there who think I am low-brow, let me say I enjoy a wide amount of movies, from this, to The Insider.
0780626494|4.0|Tremendously underrated film.  I don't understand some of the negative comments, but this is a highly entertaining movie.  I can't name the good actors in this because EVERYBODY did a fantastic job, even Alicia Silverstone.<br />The plot is pretty simple.  In 1962, at the height of the Cuban Missile crisis, a young Southern California couple heads down to their elaborately designed fallout shelter, built by the genius, yet paranoid husband (Christopher Walken).  They had only planned on staying for a few days, but at the same time, a military jet crashes into their house above.  They mistakenly think the crash is a nuclear bomb explosion, so they seal it up and stay down for 35 years.  The wife (Sissy Spacek) is 9 months pregnant at the time, so she has her baby (Brendan Fraser) in the shelter.<br />After 35 years, the father is ready to explore the world to see if it is habitable, but just as he's about to get some much-needed supplies, he has a mild heart-attack.  They send their son out instead with a long list and $3000 in cash.  He has also expressed being lonely and says he wants to find a wife.<br />The most entertaining and pleasant portion of the story is how a very nice, conservative upbringing with absolutely no outside negative influences can stick out like a sore thumb in modern society.  This is also sad, to think how low we've sunk.  But still, it's extremely refreshing to see a small sparkle of goodness walk around the Los Angeles area, creating positive results everywhere he goes.<br />The only problem that I have with it is that it is not 100% believable.  Some of the scenes were overlooked in the making that kept reminding you that it wasn't real.  Even though he had never seen some of the electronics, he seemed to pick them up a little too fast: TV with remote, elevator, telephone, etc.  The first time he EVER saw the ocean (or any large body of water) in his entire life, he made a PERFECT dive into the water?!<br />But the good far outweighs thebad in this one.  I highly recommend this to just about everyone out there.  Younger kids might not quite understand some of it, but other than that, everyone should enjoy this.
0486409511|5.0|I was looking for a book to explain everything from soup to nuts.  This is it.  A little history, an equipment guide, and then into the basics.  Advanced and commercial techniques are covered also.  I highly recommend this book.
6305922756|5.0|This is really a great DVD.  The hour or so of extra footage alone made my day, but the commentary by the &quot;band&quot; is absolutely hysterical (and surprisingly clever).  This is the reason they make DVDs--the extras are really worth it!
B00000253N|5.0|prior to the release of Blood On The Tracks, i just couldn't understand why people liked bob dylan. i thought he was ok... but i also thought that &quot;Like a Rolling Stone,&quot; which was played often on the radio, just went on... and on.. and on... almost without end... I'm not sure if the release of this record was well timed, or what... (i was 13 years old at the time - what can i say.. hormones have a way of forever reorganizing our mind and perceptions)... in any case, i have been a fan ever since I listened to this record... and soon thereafter, i quickly loved all previous releases... (go figure) a must have...
0441172717|4.0|all around a good book.  by far not better than the lord of the rings.  this book had some rather disgusting parts with the barren (and some partickular parts with paul).  next to reading the dictionary in the back the freman semed to be the best part of this book.
B000002UAO|4.0|What a peculiar album this is.  Most of the tracks -- except for &quot;I'm Looking Through You,&quot; &quot;Nowhere Man,&quot; and &quot;In My Life&quot; -- don't really feel like Beatles songs, either early or late.  Even &quot;Drive My Car&quot; -- which I've always known was a quintessential Beatles tune -- is somehow different from their other rockers (i.e. A Hard Day's Night), more sarcastic, with a spacier, less &quot;wall-of-soundish&quot; arrangement.<br />Nothing quite matches up here.  &quot;Norwegian Wood&quot; with its odd melody and ambiguous lyrics... &quot;Michelle,&quot; with its French show-tune/country romp (?!) inflections and slightly goofy lyrics... the mean-spirited throwaway &quot;Run For Your Life&quot; at the end...<br />I just can't quite get my finger on Rubber Soul, on what it amounts to.  It feels like neither fish nor fowl in a way -- neither slick &quot;I Wanna Hold Your Hand&quot; bubble gum pop, nor ironic Lennon &quot;Walrus&quot; wildness, nor soothing McCartney &quot;Let it Be&quot;/&quot;Hey Jude&quot; hymnal... There is something uneasy about it.  But then there is also something exciting about it -- one senses the band's refusal to rest on their laurels.  And some moments -- like the Pretenders-esque guitar in &quot;Nowhere Man&quot; -- seem strikingly modern.  (Other moments, like the &quot;la la la&quot; backing in &quot;You Won't See Me,&quot; seem quaint, but still work.)<br />I can understand why some would call this the Beatles' greatest album.  It may well be their most introspective, their least pandering.  &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot; seems rather pompous and self-conscious by comparison.  Even so, except for the wonderful &quot;In My Life,&quot; I don't embrace &quot;Rubber Soul&quot; as I do much of the rest of the Beatles canon.  It's remarkable music, yet most of it doesn't soothe the soul -- quite the opposite.  And that's not necessarily a bad thing.
0316921173|1.0|A friend of mine read it all. He loved it,  probably would have given it a 5-stard.<br />So I bought it. The clerk said: &quot;Hey, that's a cheap price for so many pages!&quot; Well, it  wasn't.<br />I could never finish this book. Go through a 200 pages or so, but then would lose momentum and attraction. I've put it down I don't know how many times, tried re-reading it with a  new angle so many times... never got further.<br />Maybe it's just me.
B000000OTY|4.0|I went to see this tour when Pete came to Birmingham in 1993 and I was blown away. This record is good stuff - the recordings sound great, &quot;Sledgehammer&quot; has got more life here than ever and &quot;In your eyes&quot; is AWESOME and much longer than its original. It's a shame there's no &quot;Biko&quot; or &quot;Shock the monkey&quot; (which Peter actually played when I saw him), but the best thing about this album is the tracks off &quot;Us&quot; sounds tons better!! &quot;Secret world&quot; being the best, &quot;Come talk to me&quot; sounding great also (cool drumming from Manu Katche). I give this album 4.5 stars - better song selection would have been 5.
B00005214X|5.0|I won't bother to talk about how great this record is, since everyone else has done so already.<br />Just one complaint: the CDs come in environmentally-friendly (I guess) cardboard sleeves, like small LP sleeves. It's almost impossible to remove the CDs without touching the sides.
B000002A3T|3.0|After having slated &quot;A momentary Lapse&quot;, I will admit that this is better. Still not great though. It starts of really well; &quot;Cluster 1&quot;, &quot;What do you want&quot; and &quot;Poles apart&quot; are terrfic and signify the best start to a Floyd record since &quot;Animals&quot;; however the rest is patchy. &quot;Marooned&quot; is just a standard instrumental filler with fancy guitar playing (listenable, but with no substance), &quot;A great day for freedom&quot; is Gilmour trying to be Waters (and partially suceeding) and &quot;Wearing the inside out&quot; is a relaxing, moody Rick Wright tune with great backing vocals. &quot;Take it Back&quot; is lame, although &quot;Keep Talking&quot; is pretty solid. The album ends in great style (as it began) with &quot;Lost for words&quot; (slagging off waters??) and &quot;High hopes&quot;. All in all not bad, I'm tempted to give it 4 stars - but 3.5 is more accurate.
0743201140|5.0|If you've read First Break All the Rules, and you think the ideas ring true, the second book is necessary to tell you how to make it happen in your organization.  If you want to hire for talent and keep those talented people, as discussed in First Break All the Rules, you must have the strengths inventory as explained in this book.  You will have a chance to take the strengths inventory on-line, and it isn't just the same old stuff.  I found it very enlightening and I want my whole staff to participate.
B0000025ZF|2.0|Warning: this album has little or no melody! The only good song is &quot;Every strangers eyes&quot;, and Rogers voice is totally neurotic throughout. Songs such as &quot;Sexual revolution&quot; and &quot;The pros and cons of hitchhiking&quot; are no classics - they're just below par rock filler. &quot;Go fishing&quot; is ok, but thats generous! I don't want to slag off an album by one of my favourite artists but I can't listen to this record. Thats why I can't understand all these 5 star reviews. The first 4 tracks on this album are totally unmemorable, and the overall 'feel' of the record seems creepy and cold. Roger failed at his first attempt at going solo; &quot;Radio Kaos&quot; and &quot;Amused to Death&quot; are great though.
B00000IPAX|2.0|I can clearly see the appeal here; I'll give them due credit for finding a niche that clearly deserves mining... and there is NO other Blink 182, that's for sure.  Each and every song could stay in your head for days, and, unfortunately, they sometimes do.  The musicianship displayed borders on my infantile excursions with pots and silverware in the kitchen.  And it kinda makes me sick when someone says they're awesome musicians because they can play FAST.  They must be awesome lyricists, then, too, cause they sing fast, right?  When you play those same three chords over and over again long enough, IN THE SAME ORDER, mind you, you're gonna get fast at doing it.  <br />I just wish that everyone that liked Blink 182 would take the time to listen to Idlewild, or better yet, early Pavement.  At least they do something in the genre that can be described as pioneering.
B00003W8NM|5.0|If it weren't for the fact that The Matrix was also released in 1999, I would have no problem saying that this was the best film of that year.  At this point, I feel that these two films must share that honor, as both were ground breaking on multiple levels.<br />Fight Club is primarily a pitch black comedy, as someone mentions on one of the four commentary tracks included in the DVD.  Some people will understand the comedy and enjoy it.  Others, like my wife, will not.  This is the only movie that I've asked  her to watch that she would not finish.  About half way thru, she said she was done and walked out.  This film is a wild roller coaster ride, and as with the real thing, it will thrill and excite some, while just making others sick.<br />The level of detail in Fight Club is remarkable.  Finding all the subliminal Tyler's is just the begining.  For example, Ricky (the kid who couldn't remember if he had ordered pens with blue ink or black), is in the scene where &quot;Jack&quot; is leaving his office for the last time, with blood all over his face, and a shopping cart filled with computer equipment, being escorted by security.  Ricky recognizes &quot;Jack&quot; and just has this wonderful smile appear on his face that looks like a combination of surprise, delight, and respect.  This happens in the edge of the frame for a second or less.  David Fincher was definately thinking about the DVD crowd when he put this masterpiece together.<br />What can I say about the 2-DVD set that hasn't already been said?  It is spectacular.  The extras are fantastic, not just a bunch of lame schetches (although it includes these too for those who enjoy them).  There are numerous deleted scenes, and all of the behind the scenes stuff is actual video footage, not stills.<br />Just for completeness, this movie is not about fighting.  It is about being so numbed by the blandness and meaninglessness of life in the 90's that the only thing that can get your attention is having the living crap kicked out of you.  It's about how easily some people are led.  It's about trying to find your place in a world that doesn't make sense.  It's about coping with your father walking out on you when you were 6 years old.  And of course, it's about how stress can result in a fractured personality.<br />As for the violence in the file, it's not the kind of violence that you are probably used to.  For example, only one person dies in this film.  Compare that to &quot;The Terminator&quot;, or any number of other films where lots of people die.  I think there are two key aspects to the violence in this film that disturb people.  First, the depection of a couple of the beatings is pretty graphic, and the makeup work is very realistic.  Also, the sound effects of the punches are superbly realistic.  Second, other people are shown during a couple of beatings, and they are clearly very disturbed by what they are witnessing.  It is normal human psychology to take emotional cues from others, and the emotional cues coming from the other actors make it clear that you are supposed to be very disturbed by the events that are transpiring.  So, while Fight Club isn't particularly violent in terms of how many people die, the violence that IS there is driven home with great force.
B00004W55E|5.0|This album is just awesome!  Rachelle does it again!  I have been in angst waiting for this album to drop and I am so satisfied!  I have been a fan of Rachelle's since the first album and I make sure I see her live performances whenever she comes around!  This album is just awesome!  Light some candles or incense (whichever you prefer), pour a nice warm bubble bath, and just mellow out!  The last track &quot;I Can Explain,&quot;  is so powerful.  Rachelle hits notes that I have never heard before.  I still wonder how she even learned she could hit them!  Her vocal range is amazing and the content of the album is great.  The lyrics are good and the music is just as.  If you are a Rachelle fan, you will not be disappointed.  And if you are not one, you will be after this one.
0440180295|5.0|This book was my first experience with Vonnegut, but it certainly will not be my last. Kurt's writing style amazed me; he has done in this book one of the hardest things to do in literature, which is to take a serious subject (and what is more serious than war?) and manage to make it funny. Mind you, this is not a comedy, but a very entertaining satire. The wit is overflowing, from the clever way in which the first chapter sets up the book, to the introduction of the character Kilgore Trout (&quot;if only he could WRITE!&quot;), to the various amusing ancedotes throughout the book. It all marks a masterpiece. Vonnegut's prose is masterful, and keeps you reading. I finished the book in two settings (nearly one) and could not hardly put it down. On the surface, his prose seems very simple, naive, and even childlike. It is told, for the most part, in an &quot;ordinary Joe&quot; sort of way, almost as if the author was sitting there with you sharing the story over a drink. This may seem unsophisticated, or not relevant to this type of subject matter, but as anyone who has actually tried to write that way knows, it is a far more difficult thing to do than writing in a customary style. When you're blazing through reading this book it may seem like merely a funny book (very black humor) with a few morals thrown in for good measure. However, when you step away from the book and look at the big picture, this is very clearly not the case. This books has some very deep meanings and themes, and is satrical to boot. War might be inevitable... but maybe death isn't as bad as we think... things happen for a reason and maybe we can't change them... whatever happens, happens for a reason, and whatever must be, must be. And so on.<br />So it goes.
0375501851|2.0|Sections of this novel were full of rich detail, but the story never came alive.  The characters could have been more interesting and animated.  What could have been an engaging story somehow fell short.  I will be curious to see what Zadie Smith does next.
B00003CX97|5.0|This limited edition with its extras is must for anyone who admires this truly great film. The documentary on the making of the film made for this limited edition is worth the price of this package. Filled with interviews of persons who worked on the film, it is a revelation of how this masterwork was made and why it is still admired by persons of all ages. The slide show of international posters for the film is superb and fun to watch. John Milius' analysis of the film is extremely perceptive.<br />And of course, you get the original film. The visual transfer is excellent, one of the best I've seen. A masterwork driven by the battle of wills of two all-too human men.<br />A must for any film buffs collection. Only &quot;Grand Illusion&quot; is better than &quot;Kwai&quot; and only &quot;All Quiet On the Western Front&quot; equals it on the &quot;madness&quot; of war.
0684135051|4.0|This is a nice book, though short on really clear illustrations. If you are a visual learner this can be a problem, but the written instructions are pretty clear, for the most part.<br /> The writing style is pretty interesting, although I do not care for those who need more direction being called &quot;blind followers&quot;. I feel that it is needlessly condescending. Unfortunately, I see the same term in some other knitting books, which to me does not help the rebirth of this craft one bit. We all have to start somewhere!<br />Having said this, the book is excellent as a springboard for learning how to knit to fit anyone on your list, and is a good addition to a knitting library.
0684800713|1.0|I'm sorry.  I love to read.  I love classics.  But I would have to be able to discuss this in class or a book club to enjoy it.  Hemingway's style is absolutely aggravating unless you read it with an eye of appreciation for what it did to American literature.  This is probably a great read within a group, but I hated it as I trudged through it on my own.
0062502182|5.0|I picked up this book at a difficult time in my life, right after the loss of a loved one.  I was amazed at the depth of the book.  I actually felt as if the author and I were having a conversation.  He wrote about what I was feeling, and thinking, and wondering.  It's a quick read, with a simple story, but the simple story has many different levels.  This is one of those books that will mean different things to those at different points in their life.  To some, it will be a nice story.  To others, it will be a roadmap for getting through a difficult time in life.  I say this especially to those confused about why bad things happen in life, or why our dreams sometimes seem so far from being realized:  get a good cup of coffee, sit down and read this book. You will not be sorry.  To those simply looking for a good read - don't pass this by!  And to those who feel as if life is perfect - read this and realize how perfect life really is.
B000002L9S|5.0|True Blue is True Art. The perfect soundtrack for the mid 80's, this is classic Madonna. Like A Virgin is said to have started Madonna is a different direction, but it was True Blue that made everyone stand up. With 5 singles, all good, True blue ranks as one of her best, behind Bedtime Stories, Music, The Immaculate Collection, and my all time favorite, Like A Prayer. This album has the spunk of Like A Virgin, but it also laid the tracks of what Madonna would later become. Here are how the tracks rate from 0(bomb)-10++++(outstanding)<br />1. Papa Don't Preach: Best on the album! 10++++<br />2. Open You Heart: Truly great! 10+++<br />3. White Heat: Could have been better 9<br />4. Live To Tell: Magnifisant! 10+++<br />5. Where's The Party: Should have been a single. 10<br />6. True Blue: Sorta sixties, but good. should have been on the Immaculate Collection. 10<br />7. La Isla Bonita: Great Spanish ballad. 10++++<br />8. Jimmy Jimmy: Good, but not really needed. 9+<br />9. Love Makes The World Go Round: Good song, could have been better. 9+<br />Overall Grade: A+ (10+)
0767815343|5.0|This is one of the most awsome films ever.  When finished the viewer is emotionally drained but excited because the hero finally got away. It is horrible even to think what people go through in the notorious Turkish jails even today - last December 2000, 30 prisoners chose to set themselves alight rather than go on.  I can understand why. Excellent film with great acting and fascinating plot. No wonder it has collected so many awards.  A must for all.
B0000025RI|5.0|Michaels talents seems to know no bounds, just when you think you have seen everything, he gives you more.<br />Now Thriller has sold approx 46 million copies worldwide, Michael has now decided to give us more...........<br />I could go through the tracks and bore you but id rather tell you about the NEW version of Thriller on its way.<br />Michael is re-releasing and remastering his masterpiece album with the following additional tracks:<br />10. Vincent Price 11. Got The Hots 12. Carousel 13. Someone In The Dark<br />He is doing this with Off The Wall/Thriller/Bad and Dangerous, plus he is releasing his History CD as a Single CD AND releasing his new album June 26th (est), working again with R.Kelly and a new producer for Michael - Rodney Jerkins.<br />THATS HOW THE KING OF POP COMES BACK TO RECLAIM HIS THRONE.<br />GET READY MJ FANS - MICHAEL IS BACK - YOU AINT SEEN NOTHIN YET!
B00002DEQQ|4.0|I grew-up being sightly revolted by Tom Jones.  I didn't like how he looked (all hairy chest and weighted down with gold), sang, or conducted himself offstage, but alas I've changed my opinion.  I heard &quot;Burning Down the House&quot; while on holiday in the UK in late 1999 and found myself rocking to the music.  Then I heard &quot;Sexbomb&quot; and liked it even better, and that made me buy the album (or rather request it as a Christmas gift).  &quot;Reload&quot; is all about fun!  I love how this icon has combined his talents with some of today's hottest music acts (Robbie Williams, The Cardigans, Barenaked Ladies).  It's a hip sounding musical effort that would be perfect party music.  Anytime you need a lift from the doldrums, pop in &quot;Reload&quot; and develop a &quot;Lust for Life.&quot;
0452281881|5.0|This book is laugh out loud funny.  I work in the ad business and it is such a great encapsulation of some of the goings on and delightfully wicked characters this business attracts.  I read the book on a few flights and Beumont had me laughing out loud, regardless of the people around me.  I was sorry when the book ended.  If anyone knows some other titles of a similar ilk, please leave a review with details.  Failing this I'll be keeping an eye peeled for Beumont's next effort. Well done.
0783222955|5.0|I just read &quot;To kill a mockingbird&quot; two months ago (I am in High School), it is a great book. It's one of my favoite books. The movie is great too, I watched it in my English class.
0452281881|5.0|This book is laugh out loud funny.  I work in the ad business and it is such a great encapsulation of some of the goings on and delightfully wicked characters this business attracts.  I read the book on a few flights and Beumont had me laughing out loud, regardless of the people around me.  I was sorry when the book ended.  If anyone knows some other titles of a similar ilk, please leave a review with details.  Failing this I'll be keeping an eye peeled for Beumont's next effort. Well done.
0385495315|5.0|This book is a fascinating introduction to the history of cryptography.  It is very easy to read, yet still provides sufficient depth for readers to gain a real feel for some of the cryptographic techniques discussed.  This book turned my mild interest into true fascination for the subject.  I would definitely recommend this to anyone interested in history and/or cryptography.
6305827079|5.0|Despite all his legendary status, Elvis spent most of his career mired in inactivity, bad movies or a drug-and-boredom induced decline. Think of his Army years, the entire decade of the '60s making grade-Z flicks, or the years following the '73 Satellite Special to his untimely death. But it was those few shining years that defined the legend--the TV performances in 1956 and 1957 and the few comeback years following his knockout showing in the '68 TV Singer Special. This terrific movie captures the 35-year-old Elvis at his greatest, during an August, 1970 engagement in Las Vegas, when he really cared. Elvis never looked or sounded better; and, while the people around him look dated, Elvis still remains fresh and vital. In fact, it's a testament to his talent and charisma that the sloppy, unimaginative camerawork doesn't distract; indeed, Presley doesn't need any of the modern, MTV-type razzle-dazzle to hold our attention. This is Elvis like we all like to remember him. Let's give some credit to his first-rate, under-appreciated band, led by the great James Burton on lead guitar, with Ronnie Tutt on drums, Glen Hardin on piano, Jerry Scheff on base and John Wilkinson on rhythm guitar. This movie proves what many around Elvis have said: the man needed a challenge to rise to his immense potential. How sad that only a few years after this Vegas run Elvis slipped into indifference, routine and steep delcine.
B00004U0OQ|5.0|White Zombie was a great band.....probobly the best band the world has ever known besides Rob Zombie. Astro-Creep 2000 is a great album...one of the greatest things I have ever heard....after I first heard &quot;More Human Than Human&quot; and &quot;Super Charger Heaven&quot; I was hooked! This album is one of the heaviest and weirdest things you will ever listen to.....pretty much overall this is simply a great album....This is a must buy...BUY THIS CD NOW!!!
B00005176F|4.0|This is my first exposure to Blur, and I have to say, it's great!  Fresh, inventive, with a reverence for classic brit-pop - Kinks, Bowie, XTC influences visible everywhere.  How wonderful that this music is very popular in England - I wish that American radio played poppy melodic tunes of such caliber on a regular basis.  Oh well, anyway, Blur is a band I will be keeping my ears open for in the future.
630463949X|5.0|I have been a fan of Fleetwood Mac music but have never seen them perform, a few comments:<br />-Could Lindsey Buckingham be any more intense, passionate and into the performance<br />-Could Christine McVie be any more beautiful and sound so wonderful<br />-Could Mick Fleetwood be anymore over the top in his passion and enjoyment of playing with the band.<br />     I really love this DVD and Fleetwood Mac's performance!
B00003CWLF|2.0|Based on the true story of Anna Leonowens, a British schoolteacher who traveled from her home in India to Siam in 1862 (nearly two years after the death of her husband) to instruct King Mongkut's children, \\"Anna and the King,\\" directed by Andy Tennant, is a lavish production that is visually striking but somewhat tedious in execution.  The story is interesting, and the cinematography is stunning, but it simply becomes too much of not enough; Tennant's method of storytelling is pretty straightforward, and there is artistic merit to this endeavor, but ultimately-- despite the colorful canvass-- the result is less than satisfying.  The redeeming factor of the film is the performance of the charismatic Chow Yun-Fat (King Mongkut), the star of many of John Woo's action films, who is afforded the opportunity here to demonstrate his versatility as a dramatic actor.  He successfully lends a depth and intelligence to his portrayal of Mongkut that is reinforced with a genuine regal countenance devoid of any pretentiousness.  Yun-Fat's King is a complex and secure individual who-- most importantly-- conveys a true sense of reality; he is, without question, the King of Siam.  Jodie Foster (Anna) on the other hand, though arguably one of the most talented, gifted actresses in the business, is woefully miscast as Anna.  Her British accent is credible, but becomes the focal point of her performance, which seems forced at best.  Granted, she succeeds in capturing the stoic quality of the character, but fails to attain that necessary emotional level that would have allowed the audience to identify with her.  There just doesn't seem to be anything about this \\"Anna\\" that would attract the King, either intellectually or emotionally, which, of course, mitigates the plot to a great extent.  While taking nothing away from Foster's myriad positive qualities, it makes you appreciate the facility with which Meryl Streep is able to so seamlessly embody the various characters she has created in her career.  Hindsight may be the forte of the unenlightened, still, in retrospect, Tennant (\\"Ever After,\\" \\"Fools Rush In\\") may not have been the wisest choice to direct a film more suited to the talents of Ang Lee or Jane Campion, or to one with the sensibilities of a Bergman or Kurosawa.  Though he managed to create a pretty picture, he was unable to elicit the emotional depth required to sustain the audience's involvement with the story.  All of which goes to prove that one who whittles beautifully cannot necessarily handle a lathe.  The supporting cast includes Ling Bai (Tuptim), Tom Felton (Louis), Syed Alwi (The Kralahome), Randall Duk Kim (General Alak), Lim Kay Siu (Prince Chowfa) and Melissa Campbell (Princess Fa-Ying).  In the final analysis, \\"Anna and the King,\\" while having the requisite elements for greatness, nevertheless lacks the emotional substance with which to achieve it.  A by far superior version is the 1946 production \\"Anna and the King of Siam,\\" with Irene Dunne and Rex Harrison, which makes one wonder why anyone thought this should be remade in the first place.
B0000214F3|5.0|I loved this movie. I have watched it four times and will be watching it again and again. Although it is long and a little &quot;draggy&quot; in places, I thought the movie was excellent! Brad Pitt played his role so well and Claire Forlani was refreshing. This could be classified as a &quot;Click Flick&quot;. It was a wonderful, weepy fairy tale with the happy ending.
B000050XEI|4.0|The new album A Day Without Rain, is truly wonderful. I wouldn't say that ALL the songs are top notch, but once you listen to &quot;Wild Child&quot; you'll be amazed!!(and you can always skip the one's you don't like) Really quite grand!
0446677450|3.0|I liked his stories, and the idea of his two dads (let me give away what took at least 10 pages for the author to tell us--one of &quot;his&quot; dads is really his friend's dad) is a nice twist, but, in all seriousness, this book could have been written in a total of about 10 pages.  He basically preaches investing in real estate and making sure you live within your means.  Hardly anything new.  That said, like a reviewer of the Quadrant book wrote, there is some useful info, and it is a VERY quick read, so it's worth the price, especially for younger investors.
B000056JYB|4.0|Ingenious supergroup or underachieving superstars? The jury is still out, even after listening to this superbly remastered CD reissue. When not beating a good riff into the ground (&quot;Had To Cry Today&quot;) or serving up a rather unexciting Buddy Holly cover (&quot;Well All Right&quot;) these four guys almost lived up to the legendary status that preceded them. &quot;Can't Find My Way Home&quot; is classic Steve Windwood and would have fit quite nicely on Traffic's &quot;Last Exit&quot; album. The regal, stately &quot;In The Presence Of The Lord&quot; is the highlight here, the closest thing to a rock 'n roll hymn since McCartney's &quot;Let It Be.&quot; Eric Clapton's searing riff in the middle section is one of his best. &quot;Sea Of Joy&quot; continues with the Traffic feel, as does &quot;Do What You Like&quot; (which unfortunately is about ten minutes too long...did we really need a Rick Grech bass solo or another Ginger Baker drum solo?) Obviously under intense management pressure and increasingly insane hype at the time, the band was unable to reach it's true potential with this, their one and only album. Thus, the album retains a kind of unfinished, &quot;what if&quot; aura that leaves the listener wanting more, but knowing that there would be no more. The bonus material? Interesting, but unessential. After hearing the electric version of &quot;Can't Find My Way Home,&quot; you'll be glad they at least had the wisdom to put the far-superior acoustic version on the album.
B00003CX8I|4.0|I'm not an x-man fan and in fact, never heard of the comic strip until this movie was made. But I thought it was pretty good and really enjoyed it. So you don't have to know anything about the comic to enjoy this film and understand what's going on.
0156528207|5.0|This book is wonderful.  I don't care if you are 4 years old or 104 years old.  There is so much to be gained from this book. To a younger audience this book is an amusing fairy tale.  To an older audience it deals with love and understanding.  I loved this book.  The writing is beautiful as well as the illustrations that go along with it.  Read this book. You will not be sorry.
0767903854|3.0|This is the first time that I've read one of Bryson's books, so I didn't know what to expect. The book has a wealth of information about the history and current culture of Australia, which I enjoyed very much. There are also many uninteresting stories about ridiculously trivial aspects of Aussie life. This book is great for those, like myself, who will be visiting and want to learn more about Australia. For pure entertainment though, I'd look for other options.
014100018X|5.0|What a wonderful read!  This is one of those books not designed to rush through to get to the end, the end doesn't matter.  It is the sheer enjoyment you get from each and every word, smell, taste and all the other emotions and senses this book touches.  Get this book and hold on to every moment.  I loved it!
B000002KJQ|1.0|Let me start of saying I think this one of ZZ's real breakthrough albums. Its a great listen from stem to stern. Billy Gibbon's guitar seems to hit the right note at always the right time. The band just has this swagger. You can tell they are at thier zenith enjoying what they are doing.<br /> I have the original vinyl LP's of the 1st 3 albums. The sound on these releases is great. Its what made them recognizible worldwide before Eliminator.<br /> I don't know why in the 1990's it was decided by the band to try to &quot;update&quot; the sound of these early albums. They really made a bad call on this. Tampering with the sound electronically, has made them sound like they are playing in some cheap bar with a bad sound system. Its a shame for newer fans to hear what was once a beautifully raw, 3 piece blues/rock recording now to a overly echoy electroniclly altered sound.  This just simply isn't what ZZ top was in the 1970's.<br /> If you love ZZ's early stuff as I do. Let the band know at ZZtop.com that you want at the original masters made avaible again in some form to us. At the moment the only place I know of to get the original mixes on CD of some of the songs  is the first greatist hits package that was all their 1970's material.<br /> Until they reissue the original mastering, I'll just have to listen to my Vinyl LP's I had professional converted to CD so I can listen to ZZ before they unwisely altered these recordings.
B000001Y42|5.0|I was looking at a music store when i found this cd.  I had heard &quot;Faith&quot; and my friend had the Counterfit Countdown cd so i decided to buy it.  I put it in and I found it to be one of the best cd's i had heard.  I love &quot;stuck&quot;, &quot;counterfit&quot;, and &quot;Nobody loves me&quot;.  If you like korn or rock buy this cd.
B00004Z459|5.0|The first song I heard of Linkin Park was &quot;one step closer&quot; that grabbed my attention right away.  With &quot;in the end&quot; and &quot;crawling&quot; for the ballads, this album strikes every emotion possible.  &quot;papercut&quot; is probably the best song on the album.  But all-in-all the album will be a favorite of anyone who likes the genere.  The lyrics and vocalist are probably which makes this album so great.  The style of singing goes with the style of lyrics.  You will like this album, i am sure of it.
6303430570|5.0|Because of budget restraints, &quot;Clerks&quot; is filmed in grainy black-and-white.  Fortuitously, the audience feels like they're eavesdropping on the action through the convenience store's closed-circuit camera.  And what are we privy to?  An over-the-top, crude, rude, and bitingly funny look at the nihilistic existence of a cynical, twenty-something, cash register jockey.  Kevin Smith is a masterful screenwriter (not so much as a director).  He has a flair for dialogue almost unparalleled in contemporary cinema.  Only Tarantino can match his wealth of pop-culture references and his characters' philosophical, id-obsessed personalities.<br />Dante Hicks (Brian O'Halloran) is woken from a disheveled slumber, and reluctantly summoned to cover a shift at his job down at the Quick Stop, a.k.a. Purgatory (by the way, the title card references to Dante Alighieri's &quot;Inferno&quot; give the film a hilarious air of pretentiousness, which perfectly meshes with the personalities of the characters).  He is the sane centre of the film, providing much of the film's humour with his incredulous reactions to the customers who come into his store.  Add to that his nihilistic mantra (&quot;I'm not even supposed to be here today&quot;) and what you get is the epitome of the indie-cinema put-upon anti-hero.  O'Halloran, who I believe is more a friend of director Smith's than a real actor, does well showing Dante's slow-burning mania.  Dante's main source of anguish is Video Store clerk Randal (Jeff Anderson), anarchist, hyper-cynic, s**t-disturber, and self-professed best friend.  Anderson, also an obviously amateur actor, delivers Randal's warped logic adequately enough.  His shining moment comes when he places a phone order for a series of ridiculously titled porno movies in front of a mother and her young child.<br />In hindsight, Jay (Jason Mewes) and Silent Bob (Smith himself) are the stars of Kevin Smith's movies.  Here, their first outing, they do little more than brightenup the background.  Although, all the staples of their later appearances are here: Jay's hyperactive motor mouth; the obsession with pot and women; Silent Bob's Zen-Buddhist aura and his one moment of vocal clarity.  You wish they had more screen time here, but are consoled in the knowledge that they dominate the later Smith movies.  Luckily, this film is full of Smith's sense of black humour and entertaining obsessions.  And if you can get past the fact that most of the acting is stiff and that the convenience store windows are dark in what should be the middle of the day (Smith was forced to film at night), you'll find &quot;Clerks&quot; an addictive, low-rent treasure.
B00004SCX6|1.0|This album features a wide variety of music. The problem is, it all sounds the same and the original sound was incredibly irritating to begin with. <br />For starters, Britney's voice is not in any way one that is alluring, nor one that I find to have the least bit of beauty. To me, she sounds like she is doing her Thelma Harper imitation (the mother from the TV series &quot;Mama's Family.&quot;) From the title track, which is the same as the album name, to the song &quot;Satisfaction&quot; which she does a cover of from the original recording by the Rolling Stones, Britney makes me wish that she didn't do it again. Upon listening to the song &quot;Satisfaction,&quot; I jokingly thought to myself &quot;Oh my! I think Keith Richards just got sober!&quot; Britney's attempt to rock is almost as hysterical as the recently passed around sound byte of her going crazy and verbally bashing her band before a concert in Brazil. <br />Over all, this is not the worst thing ever recorded. It isn't by any means good, but I think the Backstreet Boys shall maintain their number one slot with their newest CD while this remains a very close second.
B0000214F0|4.0|I'll admit that this movie may be hard to take seriously with all the hard core sexuality. But if you are able to focus on the lengths and efforts that the film makers used to do this movie, its very well done. I noticed that this movie is loaded with symbollism, for example the bird. My favorite thing about the film is Malcom McDowell's performance. You don't see him in to many movies but when ever you do he is putting all he has into it. People who think this film is stupid and sick should also consider what it would be like to under go a film project like this. I can't think of many movies that would be much harder to make, and also that guttsey. Over all everything about this movie is great and educational. I highly recomend it to any serious movie fan.
B000056VIY|4.0|If you like JLO you will love this new artist. I heard JOY ENRIQUEZ the other night and she was amazing. She has this new song called TELL ME HOW YOU FEEL. I was in shock when i heard it. You can get the cd single for free by going to this website, [...]
B000002AGN|5.0|Rather than being a commercial pop-jazz masterpiece (which is what it eventually became), &quot;Time Out&quot; was conceived as another experiment in odd time signatures.  The album's title speaks to that.  Opening track 'Blue Rondo A La Turk' exemplifies this.  It's title points to the fact that Brubeck was trying to emulate the 9/8 rhythms he heard played by Turkish street musicians.  Jumping back and froth from that to standard 4/4 can be quite jarring at first for the lay-listener, but repeated listens make it seem almost natural.  It is the most successful and extreme example in an album full of odd time nuggets that, even though they don't jump out at you, are quite lovely.<br />'Take Five' tries to follow the same path.  Its main themes were originally supposed to be the bread in a sandwich showcasing Joe Morrello's 5/4 drum solo.  However, history has a way of disregarding our intentions.  'Take Five' became a monster jazz hit.  It seems like I've heard it on the soundtrack to every Woody Allen movie, not to mention countless commercials.  I still find the tune viscerally exciting.  Paul Desmond, who wrote the song, plays his alto saxophone with a gentle touch (reminding me of the tone John Coltrane achieved on my favourite of his songs, 'Central Park West'), flying breezily over the effortless rhythm section of Morrello, Brubeck on piano, and Gene Wright on bass.  He does true justice to the strong melody.  Its five-plus minutes are worth buying the album for.  Fortunately, the rest of the album isn't too shabby.
B000000FG8|5.0|I have never really been a big fan of ska or punk music as long as ive been on this planet for that matter, even though i respect most bands that play in the punk realm because i firmly believe thier outlook on society in general is very smart and intellegent.But it truth i would much rather listin to Nine Inch Nails,Ministry,TOOL,Slayer or Faith No More.However one day i caught the last minute of You by Bad Religion and i instantly fell in love with thier music.So after i bought No Control and couple of thier better albums i found myself needing something else to feed my hunger so my roommate insisted that i go and buy Operation Ivy's self titiled.So i did as she said amd i bought the album.I was hooked from day one.This album is like drug,i coudn't live without it.I can't say there really is one song that stands out but all of them are 1 or 2min. classics in thier own right.I can not recomend this album enough.It truly is a masterpiece.
B00004WFAB|5.0|I bought the eight album box set on vinyl and the sound quality is excellent.  Alternate versions of PURPLE HAZE and HEY JOE are highlights as are live versions of THE WIND CRIES MARY, LIKE A ROLLING STONE, HEY JOE, PURPLE HAZE, SPANISH CASTLE MAGIC and I DON'T LIVE TODAY.  Different versions of STONE FREE, EZY RIDER, and NIGHT BIRD FLYING are also great listening.  The packaging is superior to all other box sets out there with a beautiful purple velvet covered box with gold lettering.  The Lps are 180 gram vinyl with individual covers and protective sleeves.  The book that contains a lot of rare photos and has a ton of information.  It is good to have vinyl again and the sound is superior to compact disc.  Well worth the money.
B000056VIY|4.0|If you like JLO you will love this new artist. I heard JOY ENRIQUEZ the other night and she was amazing. She has this new song called TELL ME HOW YOU FEEL. I was in shock when i heard it. You can get the cd single for free by going to this website, [...]
B000001AJG|5.0|After hitting his musical peak with the double album, Songs In The Key Of Life, every one wondered what Stevie Wonder would do next.  Showing that he wasn't afraid to experiment, he released another double album, this time a soundtrack to the documentary film The Secret Life Of Plants.  This album is different from just about anything in his catalog.  The album is made up of mostly instrumentals, but the songs truly convey the feeling of the film.  We are taken into the world of plants and the songs move between lush and serene to funky.  &quot;Send One Your Love&quot; is the one song that doesn't really fit into the concept (obviously included to attract people to the album) but it an absolutely gorgeous song and one of his best ballads.  To show that Mr. Wonder was a major force on the charts, the album that was from an obscure documentary, a second double album in a row and made up of basically instrumentals, still hit the top ten on the album charts.
B00004Z4WQ|5.0|This movie was off the hook jo forreal it kept me laughin for days i crid like 2 gallons of tears that night ohhh man the bush!! haha and ms. man yea this joint was tight and everybody has to see it and for every one that hated yall are probly old school and dont understand and dont understand todays yungstas im out peace
6300263673|5.0|This movie was two thumbs up!! It has a classic story line.  Not only does it convey a love story but it is a little adventurous too with the dancing.  After you first see this movie you just want to get up and start dancing, its almost like an classic version of &quot;Save the Last Dance&quot; that is now playing in theatres across the nation.  I suggest if you loved that movie you'll love Dirty Dancing.
0064400557|4.0|I THOUGHT THIS BOOK WAS GREAT . IT IS A CLASSIS TALE OF A PIG AND A SPIDER. THE PIG ''WILBER'' ASKS THE SPIDER''CHARLOTE'' FOR HELP HE WILL LOOSE HIS LIFE IF CHARLOTE DOESNT THINK OF A WAY TO SAVE HIS LIFE. THIS BOOK IS EVERY KIDS FAVORITE E.B WHITE IS A GREAT WRITER. I STILL LIKE THIS BOOK AND IM 15 YEARS OLD. IT HAS A GREAT  LESSON NO MATTER WHAT HAPPENS NEVER LOOSE HOPE AND SITE OF YOUR GOALS. I THINK EVERYONE SHOULD READ THIS BOOK . IT ISNT BOREING UNLIKE SOME BOOKS IVE READ SUCK AS FALLEN ANGELS. AND THIS IS JUST A GREAT BOOK TO READ .
B00004SZWB|5.0|Hotter Than July is an aptly titled album as Stevie Wonder turns up the heat on this release.  After the experimentation of The secret Journey Through The Life Of Plants, Mr. Wonder returns to his normal form with a collection of funkified numbers.  &quot;All I Do&quot; is a fiery song that sieges right into &quot;Rocket Love&quot; that goes up into orbit.  &quot;I Ain't Gonna Stand For It&quot; finds Mr. Wonder singing in an almost unrecognizable voice that is more of a growl.  &quot;Lately&quot; is a stirring ballad while &quot;Happy Birthday&quot; is dedicated to Martin Luther King, Jr. and is an open plea to make his birthday a national holiday, which it was not at the time.  In fact, Mr. Wonder was a driving force behind the movement that was successful in getting Dr. King's birthday recognized, which despite the criminally long delay in doing such, was richly deserved.  &quot;Master Blaster (Jammin')&quot; was another tribute song, this time to late reggae legend Bob Marley.  The song has a dark, funky beat and sounds like it was recorded on some stoop on a hot summer night.  Hotter Than July capped off an unbelievable run of albums and while it is not normally mentioned with them, belongs in the same league as his 70's albums.
B000059MPH|5.0|Even if you don't want to follow the interesting plot, this movie is outstanding for its Egyptian sets.  Since many of these sites have been recently closed or had the access severely restricted, it is amusing to see the stars cavorting over the Great Pyramid and other world-famous sites.  You cannot even climb the Great Pyramid anymore and human breath and other excretions have curtailed going into some of the fabulously decorated tombs such as those of Tutankamun and Nefertari and Hatshepsut.The actors and actresses look glamorous but are constantly upstaged by the glorious remains of pharaonic Egypt.  If one considers this a travalogue and then a murder-mystery, then perhaps ones priorities are in the right place.  If any film cried out for DVD remastering this is one of them.  Enjoy this movie in the depths of winter and it will really warm you up.
B0000029DD|5.0|Music lovers of all genre's will find something to remember in Jeff Buckley's memorable work.  After hearing only a few bars of Grace, I purchased the CD, only to be amazed at the depth of emotion and musical ability in all the selections.  He uses his voice as the prominent instrument, complimented by glimpses of mideastern melodies, folk influenced rock as well as hard driving rhythms that any rock lover will adore. Jeff Buckley was not afraid to explore and wander through melodies that surprise the listener with their unexpected twists and turns.  Just when you think he is turning one way, his voice lifts you into another melodic direction.  Each time you listen, there is more to hear and enjoy.  Plaintive, sometimes sorrowful, and always beckoning the listener to hear more. Grace is my favorite with its haunting opening, its complex melodies and compelling lyrics and its ending that makes you want to play it time and time again.
0792156684|5.0|I really liked this movie, or I wouldn't have bought it on DVD. It strikes me as having been built such that it would appeal to both sexes at different times, with perhaps a bit of overlap.<br />News for those who don't know: this movie is based on the story of a (poorly designed and built) real ship which sank on its only voyage. Given that basic fact, the makers of this movie built a compelling story which I like to watch on occasion.<br />This \\"Titanic\\" movie is really cool, I like almost everything about it. I just wish there was some \\"making of\\" on the DVD. The lack of a commentary track is pretty much expected, as commentary about a fictional story wouldn't be very useful.
B00004S35Z|5.0|Fulfillingness' First Finale continued the major roll Stevie Wonder was on in the mid-70's.  The album opens with the sunny &quot;Smile Please&quot; and then moves into a more cautionary &quot;Heaven Is 10 zillion Light Years Away&quot; (which has a backing vocal from Paul Anka).  &quot;Boogie On Reggae Woman&quot; is simmering slice of funk while &quot;Creepin'&quot; is an effective ballad.  &quot;You Haven't Done Nothin'&quot; is probably the angriest and most outright attacking song in his catalog.  An attack on Richard Nixon, Mr. Wonder sings with venom in his voice and calls out backup singers, The Jackson Five, like he was reading troops for battle.  The song is a classic and was a number one hit.  On the other side &quot;They Won't Go When I Go&quot; is a sparse and haunting track that showcases Mr. Wonder's incredible voice.  The album became Mr. Wonder's first number album since 1962's 12 Year Old Genius and showed that after 12 years he was still a genius.
0780020685|5.0|Nothing short of genius!<br />There are too many so-called cinema buffs who limit their viewing habits according to subject matter.  Don't make that mistake.  Even if you love chamber-drama-euro-arthouse fluff, Seven Samurai will have you glued to the screen.  The level of craftsmanship and depth of vision exhibited by Kurosawa is inspiring.
B000001Y5J|5.0|Nearly every song is excellent, but the best song is the hidden track &quot;Suck&quot; (you will never get tired of the chorus). The worst song is the Adam Ant cover, &quot;Physical.&quot; This album is NOT for diehard Pretty Hate Machine fans, because Broken is &quot;just a bit&quot; more angrier than PHM.
B000056K04|4.0|The Dave Matthews Band are new to me.  I havent really heard that much of them untill a friend sent me a tape of their new album and i loved it.  The album contains excellent tracks like I Did It, Angel, Everyday and So Right that have made want to go out and buy the album for myself.  Im also going to go out and try to find their back catalouge as i think that they are going to be worth a listen
0671034065|5.0|If you're looking into buying this book - DO IT!  You won't be dissapointed.  I laughed so hard the people in the next apartment knocked on the wall to shut me up at three in the morning.  I just couldn't put it down.  The main characters where a hoot and very real.  And the murderer, I had no clue up until the end.  This positively will only be one of my many books that I will collect of Linda Howards.
0440180295|5.0|\\"Slaughterhouse Five\\" is a powerful mix of protest, sorrow, and ultimately, hope.  We meet Billy Pilgrim, a U.S. soldier who, like the author in real life, survives the horrific 1945 Allied bombing of Dresden Germany as a prisoner of war.  Pilgrim then returns to American success as a suburban optometrist.  Pilgrim secretly rebels against the hollow values of suburbia, time traveling between various stages of his life, and eventually submitting to capture by UFO's.  I liked the author's attacks on cruelty, praise for kindness amidst chaos, and his repetition of expressions (\\"poor old Edgar Derby,\\"  \\"So it goes\\") to make powerful statements.  Some suspect that Vonnegut's pen was guided by post-traumatic stress dating from his wartime experiences.  \\"Slaughterhouse Five\\" is technically science fiction, but it's a winner in any genre.
0446386898|5.0|this will be the greatest thing you ever read!
B00001QGPS|4.0|when you combine too of hiphop's best most energetic and talented emcee's you should have a classic album right? well this album isn't classic but it's not terrible. i think only about half of red and meth's talents are shown here. on tracks like mi casa and 1,2,1,2 both are not lyrically present and sound tired. some of the highlights of this cd are the hilarious cerial killer, da rockwilder which had awesome bass but should've been longer, tear it off where both lyricists provide a ton of energy, and the ? which has a catchy high-pitched vocals in the background. the beats are primarily keyboards and bass. some of the best are on 1,2,1,2 which has awesome dj scratching, cereal killer which has a classic wu-tang beat, and fire in tha hole which has funny cannons in the background. the 2 rappers should've been emcee enough for blackout and guests weren't needed. also why are there old tracks on this cd? it's a true sign of laziness when you include old already released tracks on a new cd. the tracks aren't bad but i was expecting new material. if you are a former fan of eitheremcees you'll be dissapointed but still should pick this up for the few memorable moments. peace out.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|&quot;Please forgive my distance. The pain is evident in my existence. Please forgive my distance. The shame is manifest in my existence.&quot; (To Your Love)<br />When The Pawn is one of those albums you can listen to forever when you're feeling down or depressed. Fiona Apple's sultry and elegant voice slides trough the songs, with there remarkable lyrics. When The Pawn is not as accesible as Tidal, her debut. There are some experimental songs, like On The Bound, A Mistake and Fast As You Can. But there are also some beautiful piano ballads, like Love Ridden, Get Gone and I Know.  She pleases her fans and wins many more.
B000006045|5.0|I know Massive Attack from the soundtrack of ' Stigmata', I like the song ' Inertia Creeps' so I bought the album ' Mezzanine' from this band. Then I found it very impressive. From the first song ' Angel', was incredibly cool,  ' Tear Drop' was the best song ever , ' Inertia Creeps, ' Dissolved Girl' and the rest were very good. I'm so glad that I got to listen to them. It's one of the best album ever, truly...
6305165912|5.0|... and still the coen brothers best (even though o brother is absolutely stunning)! buy it. watch it. repeat. quote it...
B00004ZD69|1.0|godspeed is band that you like more the less you've heard of them. when i first took a listen to their other records i was impressed by the scope and beauty of the music, but with this album the formula that determines all their compositions really gets in the way of my appreciation of it. here and there some exceptional parts stand out of the otherwise tepid soundwash that was already oversaturated in earlier releases. it seems to me that the group are more adept at providing a preconceived identity, very attractive to a lot of jaded individuals craving grandiosity and obviousness, crammed with oversentimental jams and typically vague &quot;political&quot; themes. it's very artsy and pretentious without either the understanding of subtlety and tension, the technical prowess or the variety of expression that normally would make an immense, ambitious double-cd like this more bearable. skip this and try tortoise, faust, can, king crimson or univers zero for bands that can fuse repetition/suitelong compositions with classicism in a more powerful and original way!
0375420525|5.0|I became addicted to Mark Z. Danielewski's &quot;House of Leaves&quot; within the first three chapters.  I finished the entire book in 2 days.  I refer to it as my heroin only because I sacrficed time and sleep to read it.  I could not put the book down.  I loved it.
B00003CX8J|4.0|From the cool looking box to the actual movie, X-Men is one of the best movies I have ever seen.  The casting in this movie was excellent. Patrick Stewart makes the PERFECT Professor X just as Halle Berry makes the Perfect Storm.  Another thing I liked about the movie is that the creators decided to have the X-Men wear black suits instead of the colorful ones that are in the comic books.  This really helped the visual appeal of this movie, because it seemed less like a comic book and more like a movie.  The acting is this movie was suprisingly good as well, Xavier, Rogue, Storm and Magneto did a spectacular job as well as the other characters who are not well known actors (at least not to me.) The special effects in this movie were done perfectly, and were used in the right place at the right time.  Nothing was overdone in this movie.  I guess if I could find one bad thing about this movie is the fact that there were limited characters on each side, the X-Man in this movie were Storm, Wolverine, Cyclops, Jean Grey, Storm, Rogue and of course Charles Xavier.  On the other side, there was Sabertooth, Toad, Mystic and Magneto. However, from the talks I have been hearing, there WILL be a sequel and they will more than likely feature more characters.  I am hoping that the sequel will be just as good or possibly even better than the original.  I give this one 4.5 stars.
6305205620|5.0|I RECENTLY RECEIVED METALLICA CUNNING STUNTS ON DVD THIS X-MAS. I WAS AMAZED AT THE QUALITY OF THE PICTURE AND SOUND. I ALSO THOUGHT THE BOYS IN METALLICA DID A GREAT JOB WITH THE STAGE THEATRIX. THE SONGS WERE GREAT AND VARY GREATLY FROM THOSE ON THEIR ALBUMS. YOULL LOVE EVERY SONG, ALL THE PYRO, AND A POOP LOAD OF EXTRA FOOTAGE AND PIX AND SPECIAL EXTRAS. THIS VIDEO IS GREAT FOR ANY METALLICA FAN OF ANY DEGREE OR ANY CONCERT VIDEO OR DVD ENTHUSIEST.  METALLICA RULES, BRIAN
B00004XPPB|5.0|This is one of my favorites. Depp and Pacino are magnificent together. Anne Heche is also very good. This film would be perfect if Michael Madsen wasn't in it. Madsen, as always, puts out another dull and predictable role. Wrong choice in this film.
B00000K19E|5.0|A Hollywood action film with a deep and complex plot is not something you see often these days, but this one breaks the Hollywood mould in more than one way.<br />Special effects which will be copied and re-created in many more movies for many more years, including the fight choreography, which was breathkaing and excting. The film itself was filmed in Sydney, Australia, which somehow gave a different feel to the movie and the inclusion of some Australian cast members, such as the wonderfully nasty, 'Agent', only helped this along.<br />A movie which makes you think, but not in a forced way, A technological thriller whose few predecessors (Lawnmover Man for one) were awful, strikes a chord in today's net-obsessed world.<br />The movies few downpoints are the random and weak love scenes between the two lead characters, and the sudden and fairly confusing ending. There are a few nit-picking holes as well, but i do not want to deter from a wonderfully different movie, and a great value DVD.
B0000029LG|3.0|The reason why this CD received 3 stars is because the first CD is great. I love all of the old Micheal Jackson tunes like &quot;Billy Jean&quot;,&quot;Bad&quot;,&quot;Remember The Time&quot;. Although the first CD is great, it did not include a couple of MJ hits (Smooth Criminal and PYT). Anyway, I think that MJ should have just left it a greatest hits compilation. There are too many new songs in HIStory. I really did not care for the second CD.
0767824571|5.0|The funniest film of all time? In my subjective opinion, definitely.<br />Monty Python humour is not for all. Even some British viewers, for which the humour is suppose to appeal to, find it confusing and odd. But the majority love it. Wacky but intelligently funny, Palin, Cleese, Idol, and Gillam are some of the funniest men on the planet.
B000002I25|5.0|I was really into the music of The Doors when I got this album. Would you believe that I was really impressed when I heard the album for the first time. My favorite songs are &quot;Twentieth Century Fox&quot; and &quot;The Crystal Ship&quot;.
6305776369|5.0|I initially didn't expect too much from this movie but watched it because I love SNL and Harland Williams.  I was pleasantly surprised!!  This movie is fantastic!  Light-hearted humor, great cast (including the ensemble cast) and a lot of subtle things that might get you thinking about what in the world it could mean (i.e. the significance of the often subtley-displayed bowls of apples, why EVERY car in this movie is a VW Bettle, etc.).  It's a great movie . . . open your mind to it and your mouth will open with laughter!
0780622553|5.0|I must admit, when this movie came out, I was not that interested in seeing it, as I imagined it was just a trendy, hipster, empty, neo-gothic &quot;dark&quot; movie, with about the same level of emotional and intellectual range as a Nine Inch Nails song.  Wow, was I wrong.  There's so many great, humanistic themes running through this movie, and despite it's darkness, it's incredibly optimistic about the positive potential of the human soul.  Maybe this is best symbolized not in the hero, but in Keifer Sutherland's character--a weak, weasally man who sold out his own people--but who still spent years and risked his own safety to plot against the Strangers.  I found Ebert's commentary to be very good, and especially agreed with his main theme that the effects in this film are in service to the story and the characters, not vice-versa as in most &quot;FX&quot; movies.  Even though I'm a big Hong Kong movie fan, I found The Matrix to be too self-consciously hip, and I found Dark City to be a MUCH more satisfying version of a somewhat similar story.
0671027344|5.0|This is about a kid who has a rough life--- but deals with it through his friends and teachers and a whole bunch of other people-anyway-this book is a LITTLE depressing-- but it's totally worth reading-its honest and funny and deep--and just the best book-i dont really have a big vocab --so theres not a lot more i can really say about it thats not repeating what i already said but-if youre questioning buying it--just buy it--- its TOTALLY worth it--i know i sound like--messed up---sry-lol ill stop now--- just buy the book--   :)
B000000OTU|5.0|Can you imagine having an artist's greatest hits in one CD?  Well, Big Ones is a fine example of one.  I am a huge Aerosmith Fan, and I think that Big Ones is their best work.  Big Ones contains their hit singles and other great, unreleased songs.  I can't say that I have a favorite song in this Album, because it is truely extraordinary.  When I hear this CD, I just press play let go on and on.<br />If you've never heard of Aerosmith before, or if you're a true Aerosmith fan, I recommend you this CD.  I guarantee you that you will not be dissapointed.
B0000009TJ|2.0|Having seen Zappa in concert (1976 - Homer Hesterly Armory - Tampa, FL) and being a moderate Zappa fan, I have to say I was a tad bit disappointed in this CD. For you rock fans who crave Frank's exciting guitar solo's, this CD falls way short. Yes, there are a few guitar rifs thrown in now and then that showcase FZ's skills, but most of this CD contains orchestra/horn type tinkly diddly's that some of his fans love. For me, I miss the stuff like &quot;My Guitar Wants To Kill Your Mama!&quot;  &quot;Ring of Fire&quot; was very disappointing and basically thrown in unrehearsed. &quot;Purple Haze&quot; I give a 1/2 star. What he could have done with this song would set your ears on fire. But alas he didn't. You have to love &quot;everything&quot; FZ did to appreciate this CD. For me it just wasn't it.
B000000WJZ|5.0|this has to be the best cd of all times. i have been listening to it for the past 5 years. so emotional and passionate, i still havent found a cd worth the cry of this one. this cd speaks my soul and i think it has to be the best thing the smashing pumpkins ever made. this is a masterpiece. siamese dream is heavenly. i can never fall in love with anything more than this music.
B000002VCZ|4.0|Vulture Culture, the current situation that society is faced with, where it's every man for himself to make money. Interesting concept, even if it only shows up in a few of the tracks. &quot;Let's Talk About Me&quot; has some fantastic vocals by Lenny Zakatek (as if there were any bad ones). Unfortunately that's the only faster paced track on the album. The rest are pretty much slow Woolfson, Blunstone, and Dye tracks. &quot;Days Are Numbers (The Traveller)&quot; is an interesting brooding track by Chris Rainbow. The title track is nothing too spectacular, although it does have some nice horns in it. &quot;Hawkeye&quot; is a good instrumental, even if it does show some time in it (the whole 80's sound). The jewel case features a picture of an Ouroboros... a snake eating its own tail to symbolize the infinite cycles of life.
0373834454|5.0|Before Georgette Heyer found the Regency period she wrote Georgians - and this is one of them. The Conveninent Marriage is set in the last couple of decades of the eighteenth century - when coach roads were still muddy morasses, highwaymen lurked on the outskirts of London, and men and women were corseted, laced, fringed, feathered, bewigged, powdered and patched to within in inch of their lives. <br />The book starts right into the thick of things -  The Earl of Rule is looking for a wife and it looks as though he will offer  for society beauty, Lizzie Winwood. Lizzie is not enamoured of this idea - she wants to marry some worthy suitor whom she actually loves. Luckily it is her practical, straight talking younger sister, Horatia (better known as Horry) who steps into the fray instead. The interview in which Horry presents the revised plan to the Earl of Rule is hysterical. <br />Horry is still rather young, and the Earl (who I instantly fell in love with) finds that he needs to rouse himself out of his usual langour to save her from herself. In the midst of all this there is a fiendish plot afoot to break up the marriage, Horry's well-meaning brother Pelham attempting to help Horry, a spare highwayman or two and some good old fashioned romping. <br />The characters are generally so likeable and fun. The only problem I had is that Horry has a stutter - and they just don't make good reading (I think). A  fun, quick read.
B000002VCO|4.0|First off, if this wasn't an APP album it'd get a definite 5, but since APP's previous stuff is THAT GOOD I gave it a 4. This album is a reassuring preview of what's to come from the Project, so fans of the old albums needn't be afraid. &quot;Prime Time&quot; is in the same vein as &quot;Eye In The Sky&quot;, and &quot;Let Me Go Home&quot; is at the same high par as all other Lenny Zakatek tracks. &quot;Don't Answer Me&quot; quite easily has to the best track on the album. &quot;Pipeline&quot; is the only instrumental but it is very good. The album's only weak spots are perhaps &quot;Since The Last Good-bye&quot; and &quot;Dancing On A Highwire&quot;. It has been suggested that if you consider Ammonia Avenue as NH3 AVE and move the N to the back you get an approximation of the word HEAVEN. Keep that in mind as you listen to the final track of the album.
6304286961|5.0|This movie was excellent. Val Kilmer played Jim Morrison impeccably. This movie really gave me a look into The Doors and really entertained me. I'd Reccommend this movie for anyone who likes The Doors or music from that time. I enjoyed it, before the movie I didn't know too much about Jim Morrison or The Doors but now I am a Doors fan. This movie is a must-see
B0000524CY|5.0|By now, we have all seen the original Exorcist, and refused to be alone for days after.  Now, 12 extra minutes, including the rumored &quot;spider walk&quot; scene, are included in this newly re-editied release.  You will never sleep again.....
6305807043|5.0|Normally, when I'm about to write a review, I know what to write. How to begin and how to end.  With this movie, I really don't.  There is so much to say about and the words you might read, can't do this movie right, because it's originality and class can't be described.  That's why I'm going to give you 3 points why this movie is worthwhile a night at the theatre (or on video before your TV set):<br />1) the story : A puppeteer, who has a hard time finding work, starts in a company who has its office at the 7nd-and-half floor. There does the puppeteer, Craig, discovers a tiny door which leads right into the head of actor John Malkovich.  <br />2) the actors : John Cusack, Cahterine Keener, Cameron Diaz, John Malkovich,... ALL do a really great job to make their characters come alive.<br />3)the approach of the movie itself : this isn't just an one-dimensional comedy like &quot;American Pie&quot; or such, this is a satire, goofy comedy and dramatic love story in one.  With , sometimes rich, imagination, developed characterization, atmospheric music and a firm director, there is just to much to mention about this movie.<br />So, maybe some of you still don't have a clue what it's all about?  Well, so did I.  I wasn't prepared for what was to come.  Well, dear people, I can say you this : this is the most entertaining, moving, original movie of the last 5 years.  Please, rent this movie or go see it, pay attention and the reward at the end of it will be immense.  Don't miss this little gem in filmmaking.  I guarantee a unforgettable, undescribably great experience!!
B00004U8DU|5.0|the doors put it all together. great lyrics,great sound, alot of messages in their songs. but they were best at playing good ole rock and roll. a great album to listen to while going down the road.  on a blue Sunday, okay sing along, leave your cares far behind, just keep your eyes on the road,  still sounds fresh even after thirty years.
B00004XONN|5.0|I was sick of hearing about the second coming known as Radiohead. So I decided to buy &quot;Ok, Computer&quot;.  Simply put, it was mindblowing.  I hadn't heard anything quite as disarming, intriquing, unique, and satisfying in ages.  It's Pink Floyd feel was refreshing but not derivative. IT IS THE BEST ALBUM OF THE NINETIES.<br />After owning &quot;Ok, Computer&quot; for a mere two days, I bought &quot;Kid A&quot;.  Kid A is innovative, frustrating, and awesome.  The vocals seem more like a sonic texture in a heavily layered album.  The jazz influence at first seemed obtruvise, but after repeated listenings, it rang more clearly and meshed well with the album's concept. Lyrically, it is chilling and cryptic.  Definitely, the best album of the year.<br />If you like music that makes you think and challenges you -- look no further.  This austere, cold, beautiful record is a bewilderingly enjoyable experience.
0440219078|5.0|I've read this book about 7 times.  Everytime you read it you think of what it would be like to live in a land where you can't make your own decisions, choose your own job, and voice your thoughts.  Jonas, a pre-teen, discovers himself when faced with a serious decision on what to do with a small child, Gabriel.  He learns about the past, and the future and finds his own being. This is a must read!!!  This book opens up your imagination and pulls your heart out onto the pages everytime you read it. 5 STARS FOR &quot;THE GIVER&quot;!!!
0553106635|5.0|Fact 1: I am a minor, and not the nerdy type.  I could easily have a spot on our high school football team if I wanted it.  And yet I took a week and five days out of my busy schedule to read this utterly fantastic book.<br />Fact 2: I am an avid reader.  I always have been, and unless I am struck blind I always will be.  Not all teenagers are out smoking pot and having sex.<br />Fact 3: This is hands down the best book I have ever read.  Period.  I do not know anything about the style or the form or the history behind the story (War of the Roses, indeed), but I do know that this book stretched my imagination to the utmost.  I noticed subtle tricks Mr. Martin used to play on my mind, and I swallowed them with glee.  The story is hauntingly beautiful, and, unlike the god-like characters in an Eddings' book (still one of my favorite writing teams), the normal laws of faliure and death still apply here.  Just when you think you've figured out the game Mr. Martin is playing, he will hurl the chessboard to the floor. I have two bits of warning: Read the first two books before starting this one (A Game of Thrones and A Clash of Kings).<br />And don't look back.
630439845X|5.0|Even though Steven Spielberg released his magnum opus of Schindler's List in 1993 and walked away with the director's Oscar that year, Jane Campion became only the second woman in Academy history to be nominated for her superior achievement in direction of her work, The Piano, and was perhaps more deserving of the prestigious honor.  Some are quick to dismiss this film as a &quot;love triangle&quot; story, and cannot fathom I would compare it to the scope and horror of the Holocaust. Read on, non-believers...<br />In numerous ways, Campion's direction is more inventive than those who were nominated that year, and more passionate.  <br />The landscape of New Zealand is not merely a location, but comes to serve as a character when interacting with the people in the story. The tangled, mysterious bush of the wilderness becomes a metaphor for the complexity of emotion within the characters and the relationships in which they entwine themselves. The instrument of the piano and its songs come to serve as the soul of the heroine, Ada McGrath. Like the succulent rain ever-present in the film, the emotion literally drips from every frame of the film.  This is where Campion most brilliantly succeeds.  <br />The story and original screenplay, which was purely Campion's, not only delves into the odd love triangle, but examines the makeup of an oddly unconventional woman who choses to be silent, yet through everything she does, proves to not be a silent victim of a time when women were little more than possessions to be traded and bartered through a simple exchange of letters.<br />Even though Ada is signed over in marriage by her father precisely in this manner, we bravely witness a valiant soul who refuses to give love out of duty or obligation.  The love which does flow from Ada is a turbulent force, and explores an eroticism not regularly shown in film, nor in a woman, nor in a woman of the late 19th century.  <br />The film is complimented brilliantly by the superb acting of Oscar winners Holly Hunter and Anna Paquin, along with Harvey Keitel and Sam Neill.  The sweeping score by Michael Nyman is otherworldly yet soothingly familiar as the compositions lull the viewer into Ada's world and mind.  This is as flawless as a film can be.  Do not reduce it to a mere love triangle between two men and a woman; at the film's core, the relationships explore issues much more intense and subliminal than that.  <br />If you've ever questioned your feelings but weren't sure why, this film may bring you closer to understanding your own complexities within you.  This film should be on everyone's top 10 list.  I just wish all of Campion's films were this perfect!
B00004XOWM|4.0|Limp Bizkit is a band that has evolved over the years.  Their fan base is growing increasingly diverse with each album.  Those who complain that &quot;it all went downhill&quot; after $3 bill, y'all are those who liked the Durst raps followed by rock refrains.  Significant Other, the band's moved away from that, as only &quot;Nookie&quot; followed that $3 prototype.  SO was an entirely different album, as the band tried to push the envelope as far as song writing was concerned.  This last album is my personal favorite...I do not think Limp Bizkit is a &quot;sell-out&quot;, but smart.  They couldn't have possibly continued selling albums that all sounded the same...all the songs from $3 sound so alike.  They preserve some of their old style in songs like &quot;Livin' It Up&quot; and &quot;Hot-Dog&quot; while displaying hard rock skill with &quot;Take A Look Around&quot; &quot;My Generation&quot; and &quot;Rollin'.&quot;  The band also makes a concerted effort to produce some softcore music, with mixed results.  While &quot;My Way&quot; which was released as a single with a video on 1/29/01 is a quality song, &quot;The One&quot; attempts to sound profoud but comes off as stupid and comical.  All in all, however, I like this album.
B0000524CY|5.0|In my opinion, this movie is one of the greatest and scariest horror films ever. I consider it a \\"classic\\". I recently bought and saw this new version with previously unseen footage on DVD and it really looks great. For those who have home theatre Hi Fi systems, the 5.1 Dolby Digital sound is excellent, considering that this film is almost 30 years old. They did a very good job remastering the video and audio. The short scene of the infamous  \\"Spiderwalk\\" is for me the scariest footage I have ever seen in a film in all my life. I consider that it was a big error not including this scene when originally released in 1973. I am glad that we can now enjoy this new version of this classic at home and at night. Buy it !
0525945636|2.0|I really enjoy Ken Follett's books and began this with enthusiasm.  I settled quickly into the tempo of the book, but was thoroughly disappointed with the details which pad out the story - the environment, the history of the times, the fine details of the characters.  This book is set in the scientific world of space exploration in the late 1950s, but it could be set anywhere, at any time.  The only real references to the background subject matter are the headers in italics at the beginnings of the chapters - the book is remarkably light on research - so unlike his other great books.<br />We follow the adventures of our hero who has lost his memory.  Unfortunately, he finds this out and sorts out his life with remarkably little trauma and ease.  He has a history of course, but even this colourful past is pat and unbelievable.<br />This is quite a weak story that kept me entertained enough to finish the book, but no more.  I was frankly disappointed.
6301572688|5.0|HAHA, this movie made me laugh the whole way through it.  I loved the comedy mixed w/action just like Lethal Weapon 4.  I've seen every one except the third one and i'm planning to watch that one soon.  I love the camaraderie between Riggs and Murtaugh.  The addition w/Joe Pesci (Leo Getz) was a great movement in the progress in the Lethal Weapon series.  I think this is one example of a sequel that outruns the first one.  The first one had to set the pace and there was more emotions involved w/Mel Gibson and everything.  In Lethal Weapon II Joe P. adds to the comedy and makes the ensemble more like a family.  You can tell how they get along on the cast that they did that back stage too.  The chemistry between them is incredible and it makes the movie more enjoyable.  I give this movie five stars.
0393317552|4.0|This is really quite an interesting book, but many of the premises it offers I had covered in two units of Anthoropology at University.  However it is peppered with enough interesting &quot;incidents&quot; from world history to make it worthy of a read even if you had no real interest in the subject matter.<br />It is reasonably technical, and may be considered &quot;heavy going&quot; by someome disinclined to tackle such a volume.  However it is still popular science, and takes a look at what are fundamentally interesting questions such as &quot;Why did some people develop steel weapons and others kept rock?&quot;, and the bits I find most interesting, &quot;Why did some societies have the really evil germs and others not?&quot;.<br />All in all it is easy enough to read to be of interest to almost anyone.  And it is, after all, quite interesting in a world which may shrink from asking some of these questions because of perceived &quot;political correctness&quot;!
B00005214X|5.0|30 years ago today, I rec'd ALL THINGS MUST PASS for my 14th birthday. Today I got it for myself and my 44th birthday. 30 years make many changes, but yet things are the same. The songs on this album are powerful, as are the musicians. A most interesting aspect about this re-issue is the packaging. As we do in life, the cover photo goes thru some changes. The liner notes are very interesting, thanking people 30 years later for their contribution to the record, much like we sometimes do in life. George thanks his friends and remembers those who are no longer with us. He questions the neccesity of the wall of sound, but yet this remaster brings it out, and then George thanks Phil Spector for it.<br />I remember listening to this 30 years ago for the first time on vinyl. This was an era where real musicians played real instruments. Many years later I bought the CD. Now I have this version and it is awesome! The brightness of the sound is immediately noticable. Of course there's My Sweet Lord and What Is Life?; two epic classics, but many listeners will find other songs may be their favorites.  The great chord structure of Beware Of Darkenss and  the haunting aura of Isn't It A Pity? are sure to be favorites. There are so many songs to choose from. The My Sweet Lord 2000 is a nice remake, with dramatic differences from the original, but yet not that far from it,complete with samples. The more things change, the more they are the same 30 years later.<br />If you like the original ALL THINGS MUST PASS, you'll LOVE this one.
B00000J6AG|4.0|From the second I heard the song &quot;Porcelain,&quot; I knew that I needed to own this album.  Since I've bought it for myself, I've also bought it for 3 other people.  It's one of those discs that you just need to own because you'll never know when you'll need it.  It's like a lozenge on a sore throat- cool, soothing, mellow and fresh, adding a little peace to your life.<br />&quot;Porcelain&quot; remains my favorite song on the album.  There couldn't be a better name for a song, because it's so smooth and so silky, it can take you to a whole other place, if only for a few minutes.  Other notables include the soul-searching &quot;Why does my Heart..?&quot; and the hip-hop flavored &quot;South Side.&quot;  Other aspects of the album explore religion, with songs like &quot;Run On,&quot; and purely instrumental and more classical tunes like &quot;Guitar, Flute &amp; String,&quot;  a haunting melody that brings the album to a nice close.<br />I gave this album 4 stars instead of 5 because I feel that a little goes a long way and Moby could have shaved some songs off the final cut.  The album starts off with a bang and keeps the interest of the listener until track &quot;Run On.&quot; After that, the songs start melting into each other.  While they are individually beautiful songs, I think that they could have been saved for a rainy day.
B00003CXE7|5.0|This is the best movie. When i sat down to watch it, i excpected a gory,bloody movie with no plot line and bad actors(but good action.) When i finished i had loved it. It does have GREAT action but, the reason it is so good is this: Usuauly movies either have good action and bad actors + plot, or good actors + plot and bad action. This, had very good action, but it also had an enthralling plotline and GREAT actors. When i got out of the movie theaters, i relized that it was DEFINATly tied for my favorite movie(my other favorite one being dragon heart-cuz i have sentimentle value attached to that). But, this was an OUTSTANDING move and well worth the money. WELL WORTH THE MONEY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! So, if you are hesitating to buy it, hesitate no longer. Would you rather have that piece of paper with a number and a dead president on it, or an amazing, fun,action-packed movie? Ask yourself that question.
B00004XQP4|5.0|They changed quite a bit. But the style still rocks!
0452277752|5.0|when I first read the bachman books I had already read all of Kings. I was not disappointed. The first two stories Rage and The long walk are my favorites. Rage is kings version of catcher in the rye. it talks about what all young kids experience and feel. (to an extreme extent ofcourse)
0316777722|5.0|This book is hilarious.  I love the way Sedaris' views the world.  I couldn't figure out how he was able to afford all that he did (live in Paris, travel around everywhere) being a cleaning person and on drugs though.  I don't recommend this to conservative people.  His observations are Seinfeldish and a step beyond, making them even better than Seinfeld.
B00000JYGX|4.0|I loved Notre Dame. The music is so catching and entertaining. I listen to it all the time. The lyrics are really catching. The artists have beautiful voices. Eventhough it is in French, it is catching and easy to listen to. American musicals have a strong competitor.
B000001DU5|5.0|While it is true and I agree witha  previous persons comment&quot; TFF's music out of context&quot; when it comes to the lp's, yes I agree it does. But one has to always remeber this is a hit's package. This stands as an excellent represntation of TFF's work. I remember in the mid/late 80's when there was actually a 1 hr special based on this band, which I have never seen again :( The band was a drivng force for acceptance of equality, womans rites, and the belief we are all brothers and sisters. It is unfortunate some ppl who where but only a child the time this music was made make comments on it. To make a bad quote &quot; you had to be there&quot;
0399146253|2.0|That is all I remember after finishing up 449 pages of neverending boredom. The plot does not seem to fit well. There are gaps everywhere. I am amazed I did not skip through the pages while Scarpetta whined about what seemed to be series of bad relationships. The only reason I am giving two stars instead of one is because I think Patricia Cornwell has her way with words. I am hoping for a better one - soon.
B000051VWW|5.0|After making her fans wait for 8 years for those slow sensual and always precise rhythms,Sade has pleased her fans beyond expectations.Sade has once again allowed emotions that many felt were impossianle to express flow every presently throught this albulm. With songs like Somebody Already Broke My Heart and Lovers Rock leadign the pack , Sade has secured her present in the new century as well as providing her fans with another piece of musicla bliss. Hates Off to Ms. Sade!
B00003CXN4|3.0|Yeah--this movie was OK.  That's why I gave it 3 stars.  But it is NOT as great as the critics are making it out to be.  This movie won the Best Picture award from the New York Film Critics???  (I say incredulously.)  Well, considering this was a weak year for films....<br />There's 3 stories going on at the same time: 2 of them are VERY WEAK; the other one is halfway decent.  The weak stories are the Ohio and San Diego stories.  The halfway decent one is the Mexico story.<br />The Ohio Story -- As usual Michael Douglas plays a pompous jerk.  What else is new?  Oh yeah--and there's more unoriginal stuff.  An honor student who comes from an affluent background becomes a crack addict.  What else is new??  Don't we all know already that rich white kids are becoming drug addicts?  If you don't then may I suggest you read the daily newspapers.<br />The San Diego Story -- Drug kingpin does not tell his wife about his drug dealings.  (Reminescent of the Pacino and Keaton characters in the Godfather trilogy.  What else is new?)  She doesn't find out about it until it's too late--when her son may get killed.  The main problem I had with this story is the Zeta-Jones chacracter.  One minute she is bringing lemonade to the undercover cops and the next minute she is in Mexico, asking a hitman to kill a key witness in her husband's trial.  Talk about a quick transformation!  I did not find this plausible at all.<br />The Mexico Story -- If the screenwriter had any sense, he would've just focused on this story for the entire movie because it was the only one without cliches and unoriginal subject themes.<br />That's it.  That's why I thought this movie was over-rated and just OK.  I can't believe the glowing reviews here.  That's why I felt compelled to write mine.  It's amazing how critics can brainwash the sheep.
B000056N8X|5.0|Look, most people that saw this movie were critics that dubbed the original Highlander movie &quot;the worst movie of 1986.&quot;  But even non-Highlander fans loved the original movie.  You do not trust a critic with a Highlander film.  What most people dont understand is that Highlander 1 and 3 were the only two films that truly connected.  They both ended with Conner Macleod being the last immortal.  If you watch Highlander 2, dont try to compare it to the other films.  The series is based on a totally different character named Duncan Macleod and has Conner Macleod in it also.  But it is a separate story!  People keep trying to connect all of the films and the series together.  It does not work that way.  Keeping that in mined, Highlander Endgame is like a 2 parter of the series.  It shows just how good Adrian Paul and Christoper Lambert are as actors.  This movie made me extreamly sad when i walked out of the theater.  But i felt satisfied.  The world of immortals is not a happy one.  Highlander Endgame does not have a happy ending.  But it is still a good ending that makes it worth watching.  Word of the wise, if you have never seen The original Highlander, watch it before you watch this movie.  It wouldent hurt to watch some of the series also.  The best Highlander movie is the original one.  But this movie is still worth watching.  Enjoy the movie and watch it with an open mind.
B00004X0Q0|5.0|I opened the case to this cd and what came out was a nice breath of fresh air.  Noise pollution is an epidemic in America these days, caused by shallow, meaningless tripe in our music.  Bands are releasing there own clothing lines. Albums are so overproduced you cant even tell that theres instruments being played.  This album provides true conviction in emotion, reality.  There is no flair, no gimmicks. Just a few guys instilling raging thrusts of decibels to your ears that will make you remember what music has been, and could be.  Speculators who want to hold to your shallow hearted, meaningless tripe beware...the bottoms falling out, and I think I know whos here to obtain the power seat.
B00004T1C8|5.0|My daughter got this for her birthday and she loves it.  She has a battery operated train and loves when the train or one she is pushing goes through the tunnel and the noise that comes out of the tunnel.<br />The Toy is predicatable Brio sturdy and is very solid.  Educational value - makes my daughter laugh which makes my day.
B000050XEI|5.0|I am 15 years old and have been listening to Enya religiously for the past few years. All of her music amazes and inspires me, I dont even have to think before buying one of her albums, the beauty of her music is an absolute certainty! I listen to A Day Without Rain nonstop and have been since I got the album for Christmas. My favorite song is only time, although I love them all! I recommend this album to any- and everyone!
B00004STPT|5.0|This CD has got to be one of my better purchases of the past year. The music parallels the emotional highs and lows of the film so well; from the rising intensity of the fight scenes to the quiet feelings of melancholy during the sadder parts of the film. A very powerful soundtrack of passionate moving music.
0670858048|5.0|I was introduced to this book last night when it was given as a gift to my 50 year-old cousin.  All of the aduts present were intrigued with this near-wordless masterpiece.  None of us read the inside jacket before 'reading' the book and that is the way it should be read to be truly appreciated.  I think the book would be 'wasted' on very young children who would see it as just another picture book.  Excellent gift. I'm ordering them for all my (grown) children this minute!
B00000IQW3|5.0|The Last Starfighter a movie by director Nick Castle (Major Payne).  It is a story about Alex Rogan (Lance Guest) who dreams of a better life outside the humble trailer park in which he lives.  Breaking the record on an innocent looking video game, which take him on an adventure well outside the confines of the trailer park.<br />This movie should go down in history as being the first movie to start using complex computer generated graphics.  Tron, which was the first movie to use computer animation, The Last Starfighter takes one step further by using more than simple vector animation.<br />The actors choosen for the role were superbly cast.  Lance Guest as Alex Rogan, Dan O'Herlihy as Grig and Robert Preston as Centauri.  Each actor cast stamped their style to the character.  In Robert Preston's last feature presentation it was a intergalactic reprise of his character in the Music Man in which Preston stamps his style to his role and to the movie.<br />Nick Castle did a superb job in capturing the humble life of the trailer park and the complex war torn planet of Rylos.  Along with Production Designer Ron Cobb the created not only an entertaining story about a boy and his dreams but showing detail well beyond what was available at the time.<br />The DVD version of this movie definitely does it justice, with a remixed soundtrack, now in Dolby Digital 5.1.  The soundtrack isn't a complete remix as many of the scenes that used to use Dolby Surround still give this ambient quality to it, there is the superior clarity that the digital track offers and music wonderfully scored by Craig Safan also has been remixed nicely in Dolby Digital.<br />Picture Quality is possibly the best I have seen for this movie.  But still contains many of the flaws that were possibly present in the source for remastering.  With the DVD version the computer generated scenes have never looked better.<br />This is my favourite movie of all time, I enjoy all aspects of the movie and admire the work that Nick Castle and Ron Cobb put into this movie.
B000056VIY|1.0|This is arguably a piece of crap masquerading as music. Lopez's voice was awful and sounds infantile. Unlike her debut effort, there's not one catchy tune in this collection. And what's the deal with the Puerto Rican accent??? She definitely needs to take voice lessons or just stick to acting.
1558807381|5.0|I first saw this movie when I was 6 years old.  15 years later, I still love it.  The devil, smartly and frighteningly played by Tim Curry, can scare some young children, but I think it is one of the things that kept me coming back to this movie.  <br />Yeah, so the performances of the rest of the cast are pretty dull, you never really get to know either of the two main characters.  But it IS a great story of good vs. evil, light vs. dark and this sort of thing.  Whoever designed the sets did a fantastic job, they meld perfectly with the themes and create a world of wonder, which goes hand-in-hand with Tangerine Dream's soundtrack.  (If you can get the version with TD music, by all means do so).  <br />I'm not exactly sure why I liked this movie so much, perhaps it's just a childhood memory that kept me coming back.  I showed a few friends of mine last year, and none of them really liked it much.  But hey, to each his own.  This movie is a classic and holds a special place in my heart.
B000007R1A|1.0|Yes, everything the reviews say about the regular CD is correct. This is one of Eric's premier works, but do yourself a favor and purchase the regular compact disk. After purchasing this DTS release, I was horrified to listen to  the lead guitar comming out of the right rear speaker on several  cuts. I do not rememeber who mixed this (I sent it back for a refund), but they should have been given the janitorial tasks at the company, not at the mixing board. Maybe it was a mistake.
B00003CXFU|2.0|I give this movie two stars because I think Albert Finney is one of the great actors of our time and I always enjoy seeing him, and I also like Julia Roberts, and the movie has a crisp pace and some amusing scenes. Other than that, it's lightweight and predictable, sort of a feel-good alternative to SILKWOOD.
B0000009SM|5.0|Every child, when they reach teeny bopper age, should be forced to sit in a chair and listen to this album. TWICE. They should then be admonished in a way such as this: &quot;Look you teeny-boppin, Britney-lovin', N-Sync'n', clueless New Kid on the Musical Block: THIS is how you make an album.&quot;<br />Inca Roads? One of Zappa's finest recordings. Period.  &quot;Shoes&quot; (the hit single that never was),  the two &quot;Sofas,&quot; &quot;Evelyn,&quot; where do I stop? <br />&quot;San Ber'dino:&quot; A rollickin', crunchin', drivin' song that put every so-called &quot;hard-rock&quot; band of the mid-70s (especially Bachman-Turner Overdrive) to complete shame. <br />He is Zappa; hear him roar. He never did it better than here.<br />After they've been converted, give 'em a florentine pogen and send them on their way. Maybe they'll be attacked by Chester's gorilla...
B000050XEI|5.0|My best friend is a huge Enya fan. Therefore, she turned me on to Enya's wonderful music and voice.  After hearing her play her new Enya cd, I was hooked. So, I rushed out and bought it. From the first track to the last, I was impressed. My favorite track is Number 5.  Well, it is hard to say that I have a favorite because I love all the songs. Enya is something I put in when I am stressed and need to just lay down and relax.  I reccommend that you all buy this wonderful cd.
B0000025RQ|5.0|Real classic, no doubts about it !!! Marvellous metal album, complete, no flaws.
0783226845|5.0|Al Pacino may have deserved his award earlier but this is a beautiful moving performance as Lieutenant Colonel Frank Slade. He touches all the funny parts right and truly deserved this for his bravura performance. He was a laugh riot as the Colonel because of his hoo-hah phrase. But most importantly Chris O'Donnell should have won for his performance as Charlie Simms. This Movie Rocks!
B00004ZAV3|5.0|This album is for those who like the Beatles, but aren't necessarily gonna run out and buy &quot;Magical Mystery Tour&quot;, &quot;Revolver&quot;, &quot;Abbey Road&quot;, or &quot;White Album&quot; any time soon. This album truly sums up an unprescedented career. They need no introduction, contain no pretense, and were (and still are) an influence and role model to many rock n' roll bands to this day. Great collection for kids, adults, and any other-worldly celestial beings who love the joys of rock and roll music.
0790729628|5.0|Loosely based on the novel &quot;Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep&quot; by Philip K.Dick, Blade Runner is a landmark in SF film making. It is set in a near future in which great technological advances have merely brought their own problems rather than delivered some form of utopia. The particular problem of concern in this movie is that of replicants. These near perfect copies of humans are not allowed on Earth and when a small group lands illegally, Rick Deckard (Harrison Ford) is called out of retirement to dispose of them.<br />As the hunt continues, he finds himself becoming attached on Rachel, one of the replicants whom he has been sent to destroy. Where will his loyalties lie?<br />This film works and appeals on many levels. Of course, superficially there is the thriller aspect of the movie. Will Deckard kill the bad guys? Will he get the girl? Will she be allowed to live? But there is also the dark display of the future world. Something such as this is far more convincing that the sort of slick clean and perfect future that seems to be the view of most prior works in this genre.<br />Finally, there comes the whole matter of identity. Can the replicants really love? Should their lives be valued as much as those of the humans and finally, the big question raised by the film, is Deckard a human or a replicant given false memories and sent out to kill his own kind?<br />This last matter caused a lot of controversy. In the original book, Dick feels that the matter is sufficiently important that he has Deckard submit to tests to prove that he is human. The movie is more ambiguous. Many year after making the film, director Ridley Scott claimed that Deckard was a replicant. Reports from the shooting of the film say that there was a dispute between the director and his star. Ford wanted the audience to be with Deckard and did not want conclusive evidence that the killer was a replicant. It is this very ambiguity and the questions that it raises that is at the heartof the film's enduring popularity.<br />The movie is available in two different versions. The original version has a Raymond Chandler style voice over narrative done by Ford. This was forced on the director by the film's financial backers who feared that audiences would not follow the plot. The subsequent &quot;director's cut&quot; version drops this and adds a single dream sequence scene which is designed to reinforce the impression that Deckard is a replicant.<br />In an ideal world, you could buy a DVD with both versions on it but sadly, you cannot do this. In that case, the director's cut version is truer to the intentions of the films creators and it is inevitable that anyone watching the earlier version will feel that they are missing something.
B0000399WI|5.0|One of the greatest stories on screen with wonderful acting.
0380789019|5.0|&quot;Neverwhere&quot; is set in a world like our own (perhaps our own) were a strange and fantastic underworld lies just beneath the one we are a part of.  It is populated by those members of our society who were forgotten and fell through the cracks, those who were born there, and those who accidently came in contact with it and once touched by it could never be a part a our world again. <br />The hero of &quot;Neverwhere&quot; is the last.  Once he stops to help an injured woman that his fiance is almost incapable of seeing he finds that no one knows him, no one remebers hims, and no one can even see him unless he purposefully gets their attention.  Only others like himself even knows he exist.<br />It turns out the girl he saved is royalty in this otherworld and he's made himself a number of enemies because of it, so in addition to coping with his misfortune, he's swept up in a grand adventure in the shadows of our world and in the subways and the sewers.<br />&quot;Neverwhere&quot; has a sense of humor that is similar to &quot;Good Omens&quot; and somewhat like Douglas Adams style of Sciece Fiction comedy.  But in &quot;Neverwhere&quot; the emphasis is on adventure.  And the unique setting makes for a very intersting adventure.  &quot;Neverwhere&quot; is easy to read and even though it isn't great literature, it is wel written, and it develops its plot and characters well.<br />Highly recommended.
B000005ALP|5.0|I'm not sure how to describe how remarkable this album is.  I borrowed it from a friend before I bought it, and I had to buy it immediately!  The songs on Beautiful Freak with crawl around in your brain and do things to your mind.  Great for fans of bands like Radiohead.
B000056VIY|4.0|Great music for dancing! Really great fun music. I must admit that I skip the song Secretly (very boring) and also Come Over (get real!) but other wise very nice dance music. I don't understand while she has to use the F word in one of the songs (must be Puffy's influence) but worth the download time.
B00003CX8J|5.0|I have always hated the show X-Men, everyone else liked but i didn't. It was a few of my friends who got me to see this movie i wasn't expecting it to be good at all.  But ti turns out that i liked it more then they did.  Great special effects and the characters play their parts well. They left the ending open for a sequal which they're already making. The script was good, funny and told us the story of these mutants well. It's action packed throughout and it sucks you in right from the beginning.  A great moie for all, highly recommended.
0393312836|5.0|Some books begin to fade from the memory within seconds of finishing the last sentence.  Others stick in your mind for the rest of your life.<br />A Clockwork Orange is one of the latter.
B00003CXDG|1.0|This is nothing like the first mission impossible which had a great story line and a great mystery behind it. This one is weak and all of a sudden Ethan Hunt becomes an action hero.  What is that all about the first one is espionage this one is loaded action most of it not possible.  Too fake of a movie. If you liked the way the first one was made like i did don't watch this but if you like watching a movie of just stunts and one you don't have to think hard in go ahead.  Terrible.
B000002MG1|5.0|This is REM's best record (so far). And REM have made a lot of very bloody good records.
B00004XOWM|3.0|Musically this CD is great but lyrically it (....) Probably the best line in the CD doesn't even come from Fred Durst,it comes from Xzibit in &quot;getcha groove on&quot;. Also Durst gets blown off the stage by guests way too easy by DMX,Method Man,Redman, and Xzibit. Although the actual band members Wes Borland,Jon Otto, Sam Rivers, and DJ Lethal do their best performance the CD gets dragged down by Durst's whiny and annoying &quot;wanna be&quot; rapper lines.
B00004STPT|5.0|Outstanding job. Thanks to all who created the master piece. Recommend it to anyone.
B000023VR6|5.0|One of the best albums ever made. This album features nearly every great hip hop artist alive - Dr. Dre, Eminem, Snoop Dogg, Nate Dogg, Xzibit. The album boasts some of the greatest tunes ever written including F*** You, Still DRE, Whats The Difference, Forgot About Dre &amp; Next Episode.<br />A excellent album and a must own.
6303965415|1.0|I have read and seen all of Jane Austens works many times and and I have never seen a worsely depicted video.  If Jane Austen were alive she would be ashamed of it.  There never were such bad actors and acttresses and a worse screen adaption that I have ever seen.  They were very, very UGLY and totally wanting in every thing needed to portray what the author had in mind.   It was absolutly disgusting for me to see such a wonderful book portrayed so badly!!  If I were to buy any version of Persuadsion I would buy the 1960s or 1970s version which was truly a master piece.  I would never spend a cent on this one, EVER!!
B000002LE6|5.0|This album is wrongly overlooked by most critics.  Prince, already riding high after the success of Sign O' The Times, went into the studio and churned out the Black Album, probably the most famous unreleased album this side of the Beach Boys' Smile.<br />For whatever reasons, personal and/or spiritual, Prince shelved the Black Album forever, and instead produced Lovesexy, adding only &quot;When 2R In Love&quot; from the Black Album to this masterpiece.<br />Obviously Prince's best album is Purple Rain.  That's a given.  But in my mind, Lovesexy is his second-best album, beating Sign O' The Times and Dirty Mind by a hair.  Lovesexy is his busiest album ever, as Prince threw in everything but the kitchen sink into this record just to see what he could cook up.  Gorgeous vocal harmonies, mind-blowing guitar jams, funky bass lines, the masterful Sheila E. on drums and a tight, tight horn section -- all just swirling in and out of nine different songs.  Yet these songs flow from one to the next seamlessly and flawlessly.<br />I hope that with time, critics will come back to this album, because history thus far has given Lovesexy the shaft!  It's certainly better than Diamonds And Pearls, or Parade, or Controversy.<br />Finally, I respectfully disagree with the customer who called this his last great album.  He had one more left in him -- The Gold Experience.<br />I bet we'll see more great albums before he's through.
B000002H97|5.0|First things first. This album was a sell-out album. Metallica changed their previous 80's thrash style to a more commercial hardrock/metal sound. But what the so-called &quot;hardcore&quot; Metallica fans who badmouth this album fail to realize is that despite it's commercial leanings, The Black Album is one of the greatest rock albums of the 90's. <br />The general feel is a very heavy and mostly mid-tempo hard rock/metal, and it is perfectly executed by James Hetfield's inspired songwriting, flawless rythym guitar work and great singing. Kirk Hammett is slightly overrated as a lead guitarist but his style complements the sound of the album perfectly. His great solos include &quot;Enter Sandman&quot;, &quot;The God That Failed&quot; and &quot;My Friend Of Misery&quot;. Lars Ulrich is a solid if slightly boring drummer and Jason Newsted is the seminal metal bassist, tight, powerful and horribly underrated. <br />As well as great musicianship one of the advantages this album has over the previous 80's material is there is a hell of a lot more variety on this recording. This was the first time Metallica deviated from their trademark thrash with the occasional metal ballad and started to explore a new genre. <br />From the metal thrashers like&quot;Holier Than Thou&quot; and &quot;Through The Never&quot; to the crunchy hard rockers like &quot;Sad But True&quot; and &quot;Of Wolf And Man&quot; to all the others like &quot;The Unforgiven&quot; (best on the album) and &quot;My Friend Of Misery&quot; (awesome Newsted bass riff) this album is tight and excellent.<br />Listen to this with an open mind. You wont be dissapointed.
B000020617|5.0|This album is perfect in every way. I have created a rating for each song<br />1. Stacked Actors 5/5     This is song is the perfect song to start an epic album, superb riff, music and vocals.<br />2. Breakout 5/5     This song is great! Has everything, screaming and great melodies<br />3. Learn To Fly 5/5     With this song being the first song released on the album, it had to see why its not a FOO's classic, supurb<br />4. Gimme Stiches 5/5     This song makes you wanna dance, superb riff and chorus. Great get up song <br />5. Generator 5/5     Well what can I say? The talk box is superbly used by Grohl as we take a journey back to AM land. Great FOO's classic<br />6. Aurora  5/5     The first slow song on the album evolves to an epic. Beautiful music and vocals and great delay guitar. Gives you goosebumps<br />7. Live-In Skin 4/5     Another heavy song the Foo's perform and even though its not one of the better songs on the album, it still is a great song to rock to<br />8. Next Year 5/5     One of my fav songs on the album this song is a radio classic. Great guitars, vocals and everything!<br />9. Headwires 5/5     Great song this one is, the end gives you those goosebumps that you wouldnt expect from heavier songs, great chorus and bizzare chords<br />10. Ain't It The Life 4/5      Country Home town feel of a song. Twangy guitar with an all Virginia (sit back on your front porch) kinda feel. Grohls voice is superb<br />11. M.I.A  5/5      It happens to be that the last song on the album, is the BEST song on the album. M.I.A is an unbelievable song as it is the best song you'll ever      hear from the Foo Fighters. It ranks up there with Everlong and even surpasses it. Great story behind it as the feeling of the song sends shivers      down your spine<br />OVERALL RANKING OF THE ALBUM 10/10
B000051VWW|5.0|After a short break Sade has returned with the best slbum of her career.  The album isnt that different to her previous ones but this once has more of a sense of completion and is solid from track one all the way to the end of the cd.  The album contains the recent single By Your Side and other great songs like Flow, Immigrant and Slave Song.  This is an album to fall in love with and chill out to.  Make you cd collection complete and buy this album you wont be dissapointed
B000055Y0X|5.0|I would have loved to been a fly on the wall when the producers of &quot;Dr. Strangelove&quot; tried to sell it to the studio.<br />&quot;Well, you see, guys, this film is about worldwide Armageddon. This Air Force general goes nuts because he thinks the Russians are sapping his semen with flouride, and he sends his B-52s to attack them. Problem is, if his forces succeed, the Russians will set off a doomsday machine that will kill all life on Earth. The president tries to consult with the Russian premier on the hotline, but the premier is too drunk to understand what's going on. So, the wrap up is that one American plane succeeds in getting through, and the pilot has to ride the H-bomb down to its target, like a bucking bronco. The world ends. Oh, and it's a comedy.&quot;<br />Thank God for Hollywood of yore...could you imagine today's studios saying, &quot;Sure, we'll pony up about $50 million for this one&quot;? Not a chance.<br />That's what makes &quot;Dr. Strangelove&quot; such a treasure: no movie like this will ever be made again. It is horrific and viciously comedic at the same time. It is also masterfully crafted, as you'd expect from a Stanley Kubrick film, and aside from some cheesy visual effects of a B-52, it doesn't feel the least bit dated. <br />If anything, the film's sarcastic, irreverent tone fits the cynical 21st century far better than the 1960's, a time when the president was a national hero. Am I the only one who can see Bill Clinton's face lighting with happiness at the prospect of being locked in a mineshaft for a hundred years with ten &quot;highly stimulating&quot; women?<br />But in the idealistic world of 1964, such thoughts were absolutely radical, which makes &quot;Dr. Strangelove&quot; more than a great moviegoing experience; it was a cultural watershed, ushering in the cynical late 1960's with a distinct &quot;bang.&quot;<br />Of course, no review of this film would be complete without some of its absolutely amazing moments: GeneralRipper's speech about his &quot;precious bodily fluids&quot;; George C. Scott's megalomaniacal, hyperactive General Buck Turgidson, who argues for an all-out attack on Russia because the worst they can do is &quot;muss our hair&quot;; Slim Pickens' Major Kong, who, upon inspection of a survival kit (complete with nylons and a miniature Bible/Russian phrase book), declares that &quot;a guy could have a pretty good weekend in Vegas with all this stuff&quot;; and, of course, Peter Sellers' brilliant triple role as the befuddled U.S. president (who declares, &quot;no fighting in the War Room!&quot;), the properly British but quite persistent Captain Mandrake, and the self-asphyxiating ex-Nazi Dr. Strangelove.<br />The film is also a feast for the eyes; Ken Adam's &quot;war room&quot; set is absolutely smashing (in fact, Ronald Reagan, upon touring the real War Room in the Pentagon, complained that it didn't look nearly as impressive as it did in this film), and the footage of the &quot;battle&quot; for General Ripper's air base is amazingly realistic. The interior set of Major Kong's B-52 was painstakingly constructed from pictures of a real B-52 (as you'd expect, the Defense Department refused to cooperate in the making of this film), and is absolutely convincing. <br />Kubrick's direction is flawless, and manages to combine his well-known knack for ice-cold intellect with warm and very human performances. <br />In all, &quot;Dr. Strangelove&quot; is a treasure, and belongs in any collector's cabinet.
B00000IBRX|4.0|This movie is unquestionably for the deep thinker.  The plots and overall theme seem to appeal to those whom decide to see things more than they are on the screen.  Being a huge Robin Williams fan, I expected a lot of humor.  The movie did deliver humor on a few occasions, but the atmosphere created by the director didn't seem to allow for it.  The themes presented are harsh and are delivered bluntly throughout the video.  While Robin Williams, Cuba Gooding Jr. and all the rest of the actors and actresses did a fabulous job working with what they were given.  It leaves the viewer wondering what realy happened and, by the end of some of the scenes, second guessing what the viewer thought he/she already knew.  Don't get me wrong, it's a great movie and has good values and morals with deep meanings, but I think that the writer could have given the viewer a little more information on what was going on so that the general public can follow along.
B00003CWOL|5.0|Considering how much religious controversy, this movie has attracted, I'll surely go to hell for loving this movie so much. Admittedly, I'm a Kevin Smith junkie, and I bought this DVD the day it came out (both for the original DVD release and the special edition). Beware, as Dogma is mostly plot-driven comedy, as opposed to the largely dialogue-driven pieces that Kevin Smith has previously done. Regardless, the Kevin Smith quality is still there, and the numerous religious discussions about the (im)plausible validity of traditional themes will make you both laugh and give a second thought to what you've been taught in church.<BR>The cast is stellar, including one of my favorite Alan Rickman roles of all time. As always, there's Jay and Silent Bob, who provide a more central role, as opposed to the side comedic relief they provided in prior Kevin Smith films.<BR>All in all, the movie is splendid! The special edition DVD features a slew of features including tons of deleted scenes, dozens of outtakes, and cast and crew commentary.  As with any View Askew film, the commentary, itself will often have you in hysterics as well provide you with insight in the making of the movie.
B000002AH9|5.0|This is an unavoidable album, though admittedly not one I'm fond of playing. The line between &quot;art&quot; and &quot;life&quot; has never been so blurred--in fact, the entire album, by combining these classic songs and lush orchestrations with Holiday's frail, fading voice, raises the question about the relationship between art and life, the beautiful and the tragic. Perhaps the most haunting and heartbreaking moment in the history of recorded music occurs when Billie comes in for the second chorus of &quot;But Beautiful.&quot; Listen to her voice crack when she gets to the word &quot;heartache,&quot; the emotional climax of a song about the paradoxes of life and love. I don't play the record much because I don't need to--Billie inscribes these songs deep in your heart forever, but it requires a painful surgical incision. I'm glad I had it done, but for me it's now simply enough to know the album is in my collection.
0920668372|5.0|My youngest son's kindergarten teacher gave me this book 8 years ago - and since, I give this to everyone close to me that is expecting a son.  The story line to to be taken symbolically and I weap each time I tell someone about the book.  I have a 15 year old &amp; 13 year old sons, and would do far more than drive across town and crawl in their windows to be able to express my love for them.  I believe it shows how a mother can teach a son/man how to cherish precious things in his life.
B000000YG5|5.0|Certainly, Saxophone Colossus, along with Tenor Madness, The Bridge, Way Out  West, etc. are legendary recordings, requisite for any collector of Rollins' impressivive oeuvre (with the exception of the regrettable Rollins-Hawkins meeting).  &quot;Blue 7&quot; has been analyzed to death; musicians have never stopped playing &quot;St. Thomas&quot; (notice how much the tempo picks up by the end of the tune).<br />But to fully appreciate the power of the man's playing &quot;in the moment,&quot; the raw energy of his sound, the serendipitous rush of excitement characteristic of his best live performances, I'd go to his Blue Note recordings, engineered by Rudy Van Gelder, before any of the Prestige, RCA, Mercury, or Contemporary dates.  In fact, the only Rollins album I return to on a regular basis is &quot;Volume Two,&quot; a Blue Note wonder that features both Monk and Horace playing piano on the same track!  But it's the complementary coupling of Rollins with J.J. Johnson, the propulsive swing of Art Blakey, and Van Gelder's ability to capture that living energy that erases more than 40 years and puts you right there in the mix with Sonny, working out on great tunes like &quot;Why Don't I,&quot; &quot;Mysterioso,&quot; &quot;You Stepped Out of a Dream,&quot; and &quot;Poor Butterfly.&quot;
158234082X|5.0|If Hunter S. Thompson had written &quot;Ball Four&quot; and cuisine had been the topic rather than baseball,&quot;Kitchen Confidential&quot; would have been the result...the funniest book since &quot;A Confederacy of Dunces&quot;...
6305297207|5.0|Hello everyone, I had just written a very long review about this movie but then my computer froze and it got erased and...BUT ANYWAY!!! Look, what I am going to do is write a review on each Evil Dead movie. I already did this for the Hellraiser and Nightmare on Elm Street Movies, and I am going to do it for the friday the 13th movies, the Halloween movies, and the horrible after the first one it went so downhill its not funny SCREAM movies. And many more in the near future. I am going to rate each movie by 5 stars, 1 being the worst, and 5 of cousre being the best. <br />Evil Dead (5 stars) Before seeing this movie I had heard a lot about it. Not from my stupid friends who would rather see Lethal Weapon Part XXVI but real Horror Movie Goers. After seeing this movie I basically wanted to be Bruce Campbell. Of course my brother beat me up for it(lol) but hey, it was fun while it lasted. Like Sam R. said after making this movie was how he wanted to make this movie more of a &quot;Scary movie&quot;, he basically wanted to frighten the crowd with every scary moment. This movie can be said by all to of course be the scariest of the bunch. When seeing this movie it freaked me out like the part when they were playing cards and when Linda was possesed. The gore in this  movie is amazing for some, but for most Horror fans its mild compared to movies like Dead Alive. Overall this movie is and always will be on my list for greatest movies ever. This movie will also remain the best low-budget movie ever. (made for only 350,000)<br />Evil Dead II:Dead By Dawn(4 stars) Before veiwing this movie I wasn't expecting much, I was expected a normal stinker Sequal!But more and more before the release date of the movie, I kept getting more and more high hopes. I was thinking this movie could not possibly be bad because of the first one being so good. After seeing this movie I thought it was AWESOME! But...not as good as the first. The thing that I didnt like was how no parts where reallyscary expect for when Lindas face was up against the window, and when the mom was in the cellar and he saw her for the first time. Even though this movie lacking in scaryness this movie was still visually awesome. After this movie was finished Sam said how when making this he was trying to give the crowd more of a Special Effects treat, instead of being a scary movie. Of course with this ending there would be one more sequal.<br />Army Of Darkness(4 Stars) Of course before seeing this movie I didnt think it was going to be scary. I expected a action type horror movie and that is what you get. I love this  movie for its a nice get you into the movie plot and Bruce Campbell's one liners! Oh man are they awesome. I went around for about a week just saying them to my brother (Of course getting beat up once again, and also once again...hey! it was fun while it lasted)One thing I hated about this was how Sam was trying to make this a comedy, not anything of a horror movie. The GraveYard scene is just stupid with the fingers in his eyes and the stupid sound effects but still. This movie was awesome. Also another thing is the ending. There was an Alternate ending and can be found on the Anchor Bay Version (as an extra). But still instead of the sleeping till end of time ending I prefer the S-Mart ending much much more. This movie would still be good if all the sound was taken out and Bruce's one liners where just left in. <br />Well that is it thank you and goodbye and I hope you didnt fall asleep already.
158234082X|5.0|If Hunter S. Thompson had written &quot;Ball Four&quot; and cuisine had been the topic rather than baseball,&quot;Kitchen Confidential&quot; would have been the result...the funniest book since &quot;A Confederacy of Dunces&quot;...
B0000019HU|5.0|In response to the listener from New York, the reason why this album should be heard in vinyl format is because the artists intended it that way and the clarity of the instruments is much better on the vinyl version than the cd. That aside this is an amazing album and essential. Also anyone who likes Slint should also check out a band called Rodan.
B000002WYT|1.0|....is what I want to do to my car (with me in it) when I hear a Dave Matthews Band song on the radio or emanating from a stereo somewhere nearby.
B0000365JA|5.0|Carrying on from where his '93 release So Far So Good left off, The Best Of Me looks at the most recent chapter in Bryan's great musical career. Featuring all his biggest hits from the last seven years including classics such as Let's Make A Night To Remember and Have You Ever Love A Woman with Paco Da Lucia on the spanish guitar to more rare tracks like Back To You and the title track The Best Of Me. Whether the hits were big or small is not really relevant as no matter what this CD is great from start to finish. Also included on this CD are some older tracks from So Far So Good like Summer Of '69 and Everything I Do(I Do It For You) - two of my all time favourite songs. This doesn't detract from the newer music available it enhances it and you can see how Bryan has progressed from his rock music to more gentler yet still as good middle of the road pop songs. If you think you're only getting 15 tracks then you're wrong. There is a hidden track of Don't Give Up, Bryan's UK No 1 single with Chicane and this is a welcome and diverse inclusion. Also the bonus live CD is exceptionally good as well and highlights how good Bryan can perform live. My favourite tracks include When You're Gone (with Mel C), the Three Musketeers song All For Love and the brilliant The Only Thing That Looks Good On Me Is You. The diversity of this CD is so great and that's what makes Bryan the great musician he is and possibly Canada's greatest ever.
B00004YKUX|5.0|This is the type of album you listen to at 11.00 PM at night in the dark, on your own sipping you favourite beverage.The sparsness of the music combined with Mr Cash's voice make for a listening experience that is second to none.Brilliant.
B000000OTU|5.0|To have so many hits in such a short time is phenomenal but for them all to be absolutely great is quite something. But that's exactly what Aerosmith have achieved with Big Ones. Taking the hits from the albums Permanent Vacation, Pump and Get A Grip, Big Ones features some of the finest rock music from the late 80's and early 90's. With Steve Tyler's amazing voice and Joe Perry's great guitar playing this is one great combination that was always set to succeed and it isn't highlighted better than on Big Ones. From the classics like Love In An Elevator and Dude(Looks Like A Lady) to just hard rock of Livin' On The Edge and not forgetting one of Aerosmith's streghts the power ballads like Crazy, Amazing and Angel. Every song included here is worthy of its place and nothing seems out of place. If you like rock with attitude Aerosmith are for you. Eat The Rich is just plain simple fun and a great song and one of my favourites along with the amazing Amazing and the Grammy winning Janie's Got A Gun. However my favourite has to be Angel which is by far their best ever ballad and it sounds lovely and beautiful which is quite an achievement for a rock band. Also included is a live verison of Dude (Looks Like A Lady) which rounds things off a shows Aerosmith can rock live as well as in the studio. All in all this CD is barely out of my CD player as it is that good and should pretty much be in evrybody's CD collection let alone a rock fan's. Brilliant.
0446608955|5.0|A Walk to Remember was highly recommended by a great friend during the holiday season and it turned out to be the best way to capture the true essence of the holiday spirit for me.  I couldn't put this book down and thoroughly enjoyed reading it from start to finish.  Nicholas Spark's has a great sense of writing style; he writes from his soul and definitely writes from his heart.  Great pick for 2000!
0671027344|5.0|I think this novel is the most inspirational book that I have read as a teenager. I first read this book a couple of years ago, and I think it made me focus on all of the better aspects in my life. And now that I have read it again, I have come to realize that it has influenced me in ways that I was not even aware of. The way the author writes, he word choice, his flow. All of these aspects have influenced me, as a writer as well. I could only hope that my first novel helps young adults as well as Chbosky's has helped me. Thanks!
0880389052|5.0|I think this book was awesome.It about the story of an elf trying to live with the life presented to him.There alot of good reasons to like this book.It has a good story.It's exciting, and best of all it makes you fell like your there by being descriptive.I think every one should try this book because i liked it alot and think other people will to.
B00003CXE7|5.0|GLADIATOR is absolutely riveting, capturing your attention immediately! This DVD has earned a spot on my shelf to stay.<br />First off, the recreation of battles, Roman army camps, and ancient Rome are abolutely amazing! Stunning! Extremely well directed too.<br />Secondly, if you are squeemish, the bloody battle scenes will bother you -- but the story is good enough that you still may want to see it anyway, even if you have to cover your eyes at times! The violence is not gratuituous in nature -- it illustrates the barbaric nature of things back in that century and is actually an important part of the story as a whole.<br />Maximus, the main character, is a person with high moral standards who ends up being kidnapped and sold as a slave ... eventually he ends up a gladiator. I don't want to give away any more of the story, there are surprising details.  Let's just say that you root for Maximus through the film.  I'll also say one thing, I watched parts of it with tears streaming down my face.  This film will touch you to the core and you will think about it for days!
0930073193|5.0|O.K., you get the &quot;Buy low, sell high&quot; idea, but listening to Alan Greenspan makes you feel like a 3rd-grader. There is help. Henry Hazlitt's book on economics is it. &quot;Economics in One Lesson&quot; is approachable and clear. Rather than formulas, Hazlitt uses clearly written examples to explain how savings, taxes, tariffs, inflation, price controls and other things we do affect our standard of living. <br />Especially good is Hazlitt's explaination of unintended consequences. Anyone who ever drove past blocks of abandoned apartment buildings in New York (land of valuable real estate) will appreciate Hazlitt's explaination of the downside of rent control. On a host of topics, &quot;Economics in One Lesson&quot; will leave you saying, &quot;Oh, now I get it!&quot;
B00004YW6I|1.0|This album was recommended to me as a work with powerful, deep lyrics and great music. I'm always game for something new, but this album reminded me of garage rock. Whittled down to almost nothing. Lackluster vocals and spare instrumentation. Nothing here for me. I can't believe someone compared these lyrics to those of Stevie Nicks. Not even close!
044651652X|4.0|A relatively sad story of a woman who gave herself to her husband and two children and whatever was left to a stranger she met and fell in love with in 4 days.  It was wonderful how the passion both Francesca and Kinkaid felt blossomed during the short story.  Francesca rises above it all and decides to remain with her family, her &quot;responsibilities&quot;, although her heart tells her otherwise.  Kinkaid, a National Geographic photographer, rekindles her passion for life by answering her unfulfilled life and dreams.  A wonderful story although I wish it had been longer so as to savor it longer.
0790736918|5.0|I think people read way too much into this film.  Sure, it's one of John Wayne's most complex characters; Ethan Edwards is racist, stubborn and a cold-hearted killer.  But for sheer entertainment value, this movie reigns supreme!  John Ford's direction has never had such swagger, and his actors rise to the aesthetic challenge.  The script crackles with memorable dialogue and a distinctly anti-racist sentiment.  Seriously, if you have never seen &quot;The Searchers&quot;, it should be high on your list of things to watch!
B00004THAY|5.0|There are only a handful of artists I purchase site unseen.  Eric Clapton is #1 on my list.  I've never been disappointed with anything Eric Clapton has done, and with BB King added to the mix, how in the world can you miss?
B000002MP2|5.0|I bought this CD when it first came out years ago and it is still one of the best CDs out there!!!  GREEN DAY ROX!!!!
B000002KHF|5.0|Into the Mystic has long been my favorite tune, and this album a favorite for total listening pleasure.  I cannot tell you how many times I've played it for young and old, and had nearly every one ask who the artist is, and on what album (CD) the song &quot;Into the Mystic&quot; is recorded.  It's one of my favorite to pass along to the generations that have come along since me, and will continue to be a favorite for many generations to come.  I hope my grandchildren will find it as appealing as my children, nieces and nephews.
B00004VWAF|3.0|On the Corner bears a closer resemblance to Kind of Blue than is usually noted; namely in the establishment of an auditory &quot;mood&quot;, created on the earlier album through agreed-upon harmonic foundations, here by an ever-shifting atonal bed of rhythms and textures.  Miles, as usual, relied upon the brilliance of the soloists rather than prepared composition, feeding them short melodic lines and rhythmic vamps for inspiration.  Herbie Hancock, John McLaughlin, David Liebman, Don Alias, et al. make appearances ranging from several minutes to literally a few seconds, creating a sort of postmodernistic soundstream within which the soloist is subsumed regardless of the force of his contribution; this may shed light on the lack of a personnel listing in the original LP issue.  (Critics, as usual, attributed this solely to the perceived megalomania of Miles Davis.)  Since solos come and go so quickly, the musical structures naturally must bear more of the aesthetic burden, and unfortunately on this album the backdrops are not satisfactorily coherent.  The album is saved by a handful of clever production tricks, wickedly funky vamps (which usually don't develop as they would in gospel-derived funk, which only contributes to the mayhem - which was probably planned), and some truly memorable contributions from the soloists.
B00004T0P1|5.0|With two rather significant and successful scores to round out 2000, &quot;Dinosaur&quot; and &quot;Vertical Limit,&quot; one is tempted to remark that James Newton Howard has &quot;arrived&quot; as a major film music composer.  But that statement would be somewhat absurd, since Howard actually &quot;arrived&quot; quite some time ago.  Certainly, something must change or be reconized because of these two fine scores, however.  For their respective puposes both of the scores work extremely well, and both translate well as soundtrack recordings.  Howard's score for &quot;Dinosaur&quot; will probably have broader appeal because of the film's subject matter and the Disney connection, but that should not take anything away from &quot;Vertical Limit.&quot;  Oddly enough, there are some significant similarities between the two, dramatic use of chorus and percussion, wonderful thematic material, and exotic (Asian-African) motifs.  Both also include sweeping passages and thunderous and triumphant exclamations. One would actully be hard pressed to determine which is better, and fortunately, I do not have to pass such judgement...all I have to do is change the disc.  The &quot;Dinosaur&quot; recording has one advantage over &quot;Vertical Limit,&quot; the latter is missing the end credit music from the film.  Otherwise, there is much to be enjoyed on both recordings.  These scores have given me new reason to focus on the achievements of Howard, and that is cause enough to rejoice...bravo!
B000002JB8|5.0|This is one CD I've enjoyed listening to time and time again.  While it's true that some of the themes would've worked well in Titanic, the music heard here transcends the bounds of human categorization.  A very entertaining and enjoyable work.
B00003CX5P|4.0|I read a lot of the reviews and a lot of them I disagree with.  I don't think that this movie was necesarily better than the first one, I just enjoyed watching it more (probably I didn't appreciate movies as much when I first saw &quot;Star Wars&quot;).  The special effects were outstanding, just as the script was.  The unknown actors did a good job at saying their lines as well.  Everybody except for Anakin Skywalker, it's obvious that this was his first movie.  I agree with one of the other reviews, Haley Joel Osment would have made this a five-star movie, but he doesn't look at all like someone related to Luke Skywalker.  Whaterver this kid's name is, he acted a lot like Luck may act when he was a boy, and looked a lot like him, so that was defenatly why he got the part.  Besides that, this movie was awesome.  Darth Maul's face amazed me, god knows how long that make-up job took.  The pod-race was unbelievable, same with the ending  fight scene between Darth Maul, Obi Wan Kenobi, and Qui Gon Jin.  I think that this movie will impress more of a audience between the ages of 8-18.  So if you have your youth, go get this movie, you'll love it!
B000002UAO|4.0|Awesome, Awesome album.  Always my favorite Beatles album.  Thank Dylan for introducing the Fabs to pot.  This turned the band's direction and changed rock.  Plus, Lennon learned from Bob that it was ok to write introspectively.  As we all know, Lennon's best tracks were about himself--two of which appear on this album--In my Life and Nowhere Man!
B000009EUM|5.0|Yesterday, I found this at the Amoeba, a used record shop in San francsico but didn't pick it up. But today, I had to visit the place again(*_*). It was still there and I couldn't help paying 10 bucks. Their Debut album was really amusing. And then this sophomore effort is even better than that. It seems like they chose the direction of 'train of thought(darker mood!)' rather than 'take on me'. There were some typical 80s' songs and too much of 'dry electric' sound of that time(1985) in 1st album but they improved greatly after that. My only complaint is still about the dry drum sound but rest of it...simply the best of 80's music, isn't it? Among my favorite bands like UK, Camel and Colosseum II, I naturally put early Duran Duran, Kajagoogoo and A-ha. Ok, pop can be art, too. If you can find this, do not hesitate!
B000001EC1|5.0|From the signature arena-rock track &quot;Living on a Prayer&quot; to the low-key &quot;Dead or Alive&quot; to the dreamy &quot;Bed of Roses&quot; this CD is  perfect all weather listening. There is not a single track on her that I really hate or even partially despise.<br />Unlike so many greatest hits compilations, every one on this CD is a certifiable (by the true fans anyway!)crowd pleaser.The band does not use the CD as an electronic dumping ground for songs that did not do well the first time, and all of the albums are pretty equally distributed in the compilation.<br />This lends credibility that it really is an effort to give the fans the best songs. One of my biggest pet peeves is when reasonably good rock bands release a hits cd that is almost an exact replica of one albumn.<br />Ironically, the only other person that has issued such a well rounded CD, Bruce Springsteen, is also from New Jersey.  While I don't think this geography is a prerequiste for very sucessful rockers, it is interesting.
0517122707|4.0|When a true genius appears in the world, you may know him by this sign, that the dunces are all in  confederacy against him.  -Jonathan Swift, Thoughts on Various Subjects, Moral and Diverting<br />There's always a danger, when the story of a book's publication or an author's biography is really  compelling, that our natural fascination with the background elements will effect how we judge the  novel itself.  I believe John Kennedy Toole's very funny, but badly flawed, Confederacy of Dunces, to  be an instance where this happened.  For anyone not familiar with the circumstances surrounding the  book, Toole's mother, Thelma, pestered Walker Percy until he consented to read her dead son's &quot;great&quot;  novel.  Percy, to his great surprise, found the huge manuscript, which was presented to him on badly  smeared carbon paper, compulsively readable.  As it turned out, Toole had committed suicide in 1969,  and his frustration at his inability to get the book published may have been a contributing factor; at  least, such a supposition makes for an even better story.  Percy helped to get the book published, by  the Louisiana State University Press, and it went on to become a surprise best seller and won a  posthumous, by 12 years, Pulitzer Prize.<br />The novel tells the story of thirty year old Ignatius J. Reilly of New Orleans, an eccentric medievalist,  living at home with his mother, whom he torments, and of his one man war against modernity.  Ignatius, who is an undeniably original comic creation, is a hugely fat bundle of body functions,  paranoia and obsessions, topped with a green hunting cap, who spends all of his considerable free time  eating, attending movies, and locked in his disgusting room committing his various demented thoughts  to his stacks of Big Chief writing tablets.<br />The story opens with Ignatius being arrested by the hapless Patrolman Mancuso, an arrest which soon  goes awry and sends Ignatius and his mother in search of liquid comfort, which they find at the Night  of Joy bar.  While Mrs. Reilly tipples, Ignatius regales her and various dumbfounded listeners with the  story of his ill-fated trip to Baton Rouge aboard a Greyhound Scenicruiser for a job interview, a trip  which was apparently so traumatic that it has kept him from working ever since.  But later that night  Mrs. Reilly backs into another car and in order to pay for the damages Ignatius is forced to seek work.<br />The misanthrope, turned loose on the work a day world, proceeds to do hilarious damage to various  employers, coworkers and customers, while using his experiences as the basis for a memoir titled : The  Journal of a Working Boy, or, Up from Sloth.  His misadventures at Levy Pants are particularly  funny, as he sends abusive letters to clients and tries leading a revolt by the firm's largely black  workforce, marching beneath a banner, actually one of his badly stained bedsheets, declaring the  &quot;Crusade for Moorish Dignity.&quot;<br />From there he goes on to a job as a hot dog vendor, an attempt to found a new political party, and all  the while carries out bitter vendettas against his mother, Patrolman Mancuso, and Myrna Minkoff, a  supposed girlfriend from college.  All of this is quite funny, but at the same time it's fairly easy to see  why it was not considered publishable.  In the first place it is much too long and loses its focus as it  goes along, before rallying at the end.  Secondly, Ignatius, though amusing, is just too far over the top  to command our sympathies.  His fascination with body functions and his erotic dreams of a departed  pet collie are less shocking now, when even Disney movies are filled with fart jokes, than they were  twenty and thirty years ago, but it still gets to be a little much.  Lastly, and most importantly, Ignatius  is so screwed up himself, and his various screeds are so contradictory, that his general opposition to the  modern age, which could have served as a badly needed unifying theme for the whole novel, and have  given it some intellectual heft, ends up being pretty incoherent and hypocritical.<br />A great novel might well have been made out of these raw materials, had Toole lived and a good  editor gotten ahold of him.  But we'll never know.  What we have instead is a very amusing,  sometimes even laugh-out-loud-funny book, which adds up to less than the sum of its parts.  The  tragic fact that a talented author killed himself before he could make the changes necessary to turn this  into a first rate novel should neither diminish, nor make us overstate, what he did achieve.<br />GRADE : Bneeded unifying theme for the whole novel, and have  given it some intellectual heft, ends up being pretty incoherent and hypocritical.<br />A great novel might well have been made out of these raw materials, had Toole lived and a good  editor gotten ahold of him.  But we'll never know.  What we have instead is a very amusing,  sometimes even laugh-out-loud-funny book, which adds up to less than the sum of its parts.  The  tragic fact that a talented author killed himself before he could make the changes necessary to turn this  into a first rate novel should neither diminish, nor make us overstate, what he did achieve.<br />GRADE : B
0060977264|4.0|You would believe that when I tell you Paulo is actually a woman, never had I read anything that so closely depicts what a woman like Pilar is feeling.  Paulo surpasses all other authors in bringing this romantic and heart-crunching story in a manner that moves readers across all genders and lead the way into the very heart of the spirit.  It is a good book, I recommend to readers around 16 ?30 years of age (it might feel some what nave for readers that are very much into their adulthood ?no offense).
B000002UAX|5.0|This is the only post-revolver beatles LP that has John Lennonwriting the best stuff - instead of McCartney. Not to say that theMacca stuff is bad though.  <br />&quot;Happiness is a warm gun&quot; isgreat Lennon cynicsm, &quot;Julia&quot; is repetetive (maybe) butstill gorgeous.  &quot;Revolution 1&quot; is a great track - I lovethe backing vocals!!  &quot;Dear Prudence&quot; is great and&quot;Glass Onion&quot; sees Lennon say something nice (for a change)about his songwriting partner. &quot;Yer Blues&quot; rocks! (and wouldsound at home on 'Let it Be') I could do without the childish&quot;Bungalow Bill&quot; though. &quot;Revolution 9&quot; is prettyclever, although I don't listen to it much (it would sound AWESOME onFloyds 'Saucerful of secrets'!)<br />McCartney triumphs with &quot;Marthamy dear&quot;, &quot;Back in the USSR&quot; (Beach boys sound-a-like)and even &quot;Oob la de, oob la da&quot; has its moments and iscatchy as hell!! His best contribution however is probably&quot;Helter Skelter&quot; - THE heaviest Beatles song ever and greatto play loud. Makes me laugh when people say Paul can only write soppyballads!! Infact Oasis covered &quot;Helter..&quot; on their new livealbum - and they're only supposed to dig Lennons stuff! Oh well! Idon't care for &quot;Honey pie&quot; or &quot;Rocky Racoon&quot;although at least the latter is fun. &quot;Birthday&quot; is a nice'feel good' track, although Macca makes a hash of it on 'Tripping theLive Fantastic'!!!<br />Georges contributions are great. &quot;While myguitar gently weeps&quot; is as good as anything on the wholealbum!!<br />At the end of the day there's probably 6 or 7 songs i'm notkeen on here, but when you've got over 30 on the album (ie over 20GREAT songs) it makes it a 5 star effort. BUY TODAY!!
B00000DHZJ|5.0|A definite genius in guitars and blues-rock.  With his Little-WingsK ahK nothing come close in matching his feelings for his lefty-guitar.  I would almost rank him top player if he hadnt been on so much drugs when he did the piece.  Nonetheless, his music will always remain as classic and he as the legend, no that we as musicians must follow his footsteps.
B00003CX5A|5.0|If you grew up having Grimm's fairy tales read to you, and you loved them, this movie is for you. Tim Burton and the marvelous cast do an incredible job of creating a hauntingly beautiful movie. The sets and photography are superb. The movie is taunt, but has the somewhat dreamy quality that the best of the old fairy tales do. It is scary without being horrible or horrifying, and the violence is somewhat restrained. I expect to view this movie, with children, many times, and each time to be transported into a wonderful world where children are good but vulnerable, stepmothers are wicked, and evil appears triumphant but is ultimately vanquished.
B000000W71|5.0|I just cannot believe someone can play guitar so well.  I am a guitar player myself but could never image blues could be played with so much soul and feelings.  This will be a great album for audience who loves blues and guitars.  This will definitely be you best buy.
B000002R48|5.0|When I first listened to Dream and Day Unite I was not exactly as astonished as I was when I first listened to I&amp;W.  The vocalist Dominici is much more of an 80's sounding singer than Labrie and Labrie has a better way of expressing himself through the different ways he can use his voice.  If You are already a dream theater fan you should defeniteley buy this CD to complete the masterpiece collection, but if you are new to Dream Theater you should buy something else to get drawn in first. If you know you are in to metal you should first buy Awake.  If you are into pop you should buy Falling into infinity, but the best one to buy first is probably Images and Words due to its' high quality listening experience.  Petrucci(guitarist) and Portnoy(drums) show great talent for the beginning of their careers.  Great songs like ytse jam are there to prove it.
0062513346|5.0|Paulo had done it again with his unique and subtle approach of bringing religion into lives of the readers.  A story of an encounter with the guardian angels surely rings resemblance of Jesus&iexcl; story in the desert.  Very touching, very real and very good depiction of what good &amp; evils have on stage for you when you are right at the center of the crossroad.  A good book for young adults, I would not recommend this for early-age-readers before proper history of God has been taught to them.
B00000AFFF|5.0|Elvis Costello and Burt Bacharach joined forces at the urging of film-maker Alison Anders to compose a 60s flavored ballad for her Brill Building roman a clef, &quot;Grace of My Heart.&quot;  The result, the phenomenal &quot;God Give Me Strength,&quot; was so inspired that the two musical giants decided to write an entire album together, and &quot;Painted from Memory&quot; is the heavenly result.  Every track is a winner on its own merits, and together, all the songs flow into each other perfectly.  This is a bluesy, melancholy, rueful set of songs which chart the canals and streams of a broken heart.  Allusions to 60s themes (&quot;Tears at the Birthday Party&quot;) and Bacharach's own legacy (&quot;This House Is Empty Now&quot;) are clever and not at all as facile as they may sound on paper.  The emotional truths at the heart of these remarkable songs are buoyed by the haunting melodies, and Costello's singing has never been more honest, tender or bruised.  This is truly one of those rare collaborations that spotlight both artists at their finest and create a whole new musical force.  Easily stands alongside Bacharach's Dionne Warwick catelogue or Costello's &quot;Imperial Bedroom.&quot;
B00000BKDW|5.0|This is the best Maiden Albumn. With epic songs like powerslave and rhyme of the ancient mariner. Maiden was at their best at this albumn and this albumn is a must have for any heavy metal fan.UP THE IRONS!!!!!!!!
0553106635|3.0|Sorry if saying this is not a 5 star effort may get Martin fans to band together and take out a hit on me. This is a well written book. The problem for me is that Martin's brutality, which was refreshing in the earlier volumes, is getting old to me. I'm gonna need Prosac before this is done.
B000051VWW|5.0|I think Sade should be made an adjective because all u have to see is that this album is Sade-like. The word immediately conjures up images of a soul in pain, love, suffering, and in joy. She doesn't try to find a new style but merely explores and deepens her already unique and beautiful sound. Some people criticize this album because of that fact but why should she. Music is about expressing your individual soul and a soul can only mature with time. She has definitely done that and you might unwittingly hit the repeat button and continually search for it when u want to listen to some tunes. Pick it up!!!
B00004XONN|5.0|&quot;Kid A&quot; introduced a whole new musical universe to me.  The album is replete with innovation: complex rhythmic schemes, abundant dissonance, and uncharted sonic landscapes.  Add a beautifully haunting voice in the mix, and voila--a masterpiece results.<br />BUY THIS ALBUM.  But be forewarned, it isn't full of simplistic, catchy hooks that bring the ephemeral gratification of most popular music.  &quot;Kid A&quot; (and Radiohead in general) is fine wine among a host of (...) libations.
0790749815|5.0|Great action...great adventure...great villains...great hero and heroine...etc.  There is much to see in this movie.  This transfer onto the DVD format is amazing.  I've never seen it as clear or as detailed as on this DVD.  A great job was done mastering the 5:1 soundtrack as well.  All in all, I am very impressed with this version of North by Northwest.  For those who worked on getting N by NW transferred onto the DVD format...a job very, very well done.  It looks like a reference standard to me.
B000002AH7|5.0|Building on earlier collaborations with orchestrator Gil Evans, Miles pulls off a masterpiece of introspection and quiet beauty.  Starting with the &quot;Concierto de Aranjuez&quot;, originally for classical guitar, Miles lays sparse lines that only hint at the original.  Yet that is his gift of interpretation, stripping everything down to the essential notes.  It evokes the landscapes and mood of Spain with castanets, rhythm and a lush orchestration.  <br /> As a classical musician I can't say why this album took  a few years to grow on me.  But now I love it. This is not for everyone, and the uninitiated must know it is not a traditional jazz album like the more mainstream Kind of Blue.  This album crosses boundaries  and sounds like nothing else.  That's the reason for the hoopla.  That's why it is a one of a kind masterpiece.
B00000HZFP|5.0|This album is phenomenal, and for those of you who love it, wait till you see the film =version and hear that recording. I was lucky enough to see the world premiere of the James Cameron Mitchell's film version of Hedwig and it blew me away. It was one of the best films I've seen, and at earch of its 2 showings, James Cameron Mitchell recieved standing ovations for his work when he came out for the q and a. Look for the film version, but in the mean time, enjoy this groundbreaking recording of what I feel to be the greatest musical of all time!
B000056VIY|5.0|This album is better than &quot;On the 6&quot;.  This has more dance songs than boring ballads.  Love Don't Cost a thing is the best song ever made.  This album also has a latino flavor to it.  If you don't have it I urge you to get up and buy it.
B00004RFFS|5.0|Ture, this movie isn't as captivating as the novel because frankly, nothing can match the way Anne Rice writes. But, Brad Pitt Tom Cruise Antonio Banderas in one movie? That would make it worth watching even if they were all sitting around staring at a blank wall. But, ofcourse they're not. What they're doing is portraying Anne Rice's most interesting characters brilliantly. Tom Cruise was perfect as Lestat, Antonio Banderas as Armand, and no one could have done a better job at playing Claudia than Kirstin Dunst. Brad Pitt, well he's just perfect he he. Seriosuly Louis could have been written with him in mind.     One more thing Anne Rice is a genius. She writes the best books ever, and she gets the hottest guys in the world to star in her movies. God bless her.  Luv Me  ym012@hotmail.com
B000002JBG|3.0|I bought this album because it had 3 songs on it that I really liked a lot, and they are &quot;Fly like an Eagle&quot; by Seal, &quot;I believe I can fly&quot; by R.Kelly, and &quot;For you I will&quot; by Monica. I am not a fan of rap, so there are some on here that I am not keen on, like &quot;All of my days&quot; and &quot;Hit 'em high&quot;, but for the most part this album is cool. It certainly is not over-powered by the rap. In fact the Bugs Bunny song is quite good. And the D'Angelo song &quot;I found my smile again&quot; is good r&amp;b.
B00004Z459|5.0|This cd &quot;hybris theory&quot; .....it rocks!!!!!!!! this cd as well as the band RULES!!!!!!!! Seriously, this cd id the best for a couple of years with godsmack and Slayer being the last best before Linkin Park. This band is the best , I've ever heard. The music, lyrics, beat is fantastic!!!! It's what I call an unlimited cd[you can listen to it  a million times without getting bored].I bought this cd last week, I everyday I've listened to it ,sometimes  10 times in one day!!! it's that good.Now stop wasting time reading this review, and go and buy &quot;hybrid theory&quot; by Linkin Park. It's worth your time and your money. LINKIN PARK IS THE BEST!!!!! FOREVER!!!!!!!
B00001NFCY|5.0|Creed is awesome! This CD is much better than my own prison. My own prison is ok, but human clay is much better. I would go out and by this CD today.
B00003CXIP|5.0|Four boys in rural Oregon trek across the county in search of a dead body.  What they find is maturity, friendship, and life.  They learn about how short life can be, experiencing their own near-deaths, the death of a stranger, and the death of a relative.  Over three days, these four boys learn more about life than most adults do in a lifetime.<br />Most of the events are supposedly based on actual occurrences in the childhood of Steven King.  Marvelous acting by Corey Feldman and River Phoenix.  Any man who grew up in a rural area will relate to this.  An equivalent movie for females is &quot;Now and Then (1995)&quot;.  I highly recommend both of these movies to everyone.
B00003CXBK|4.0|I recently watched the vhs version of this with my friend.  The detail is quite astonishing and will be well-liked by anime and fantasy lovers alike.  The voice parts were well cast and gillian anderson is well suited to be a forest spirit goddess thing.  On the whole a good use of two hours Quality!
B000053ZRR|5.0|Tickets to two shows in philly sold out in ten minutes.  This DVD takes away some of the pain of not being there in person.  Absolutely, the best concert DVD I have ever seen !!!  Incredibly crystal clear video and the BEST 5.1 concert audio track I have ever heard.  Turn the lights down, crank up the dolby digital 5.1, sit back and enjoy an awesome concert without the hassle of that guy who stands up through all the songs or that girl who has to sit on her boyfriend's shoulders directly in front of you.   Bill A.
0553260111|5.0|Robert Ludlum is one of the very talented writers, and this book is his best. The story was very complex, yet it does not confuse readers. He can blend the facts with his own imagination to tell the readers the &quot;behind-the-scene&quot; story of international conflicts.<br />I will recommend this book to anyone who likes to read, especially for those of you who are Mr. Ludlum's fans. This book is one of my Top 10 all-time favorites.
6304698623|5.0|Excellent family movie. It held us all captive to the end! My 5-year old daughter was convinced she would not like it becuase it wasn't animated ... by the end she said, &quot;Dad, that is the best movie I ever saw!&quot;
B000002J2F|3.0|At the time of Duke's release, Genesis were the at the zenith of their career. Phil Collins was appearing bare-chested alongside Leif Garrett and Shawn Cassidy on the covers of teen mags like &quot;16&quot; and &quot;Tiger Beat&quot; and his fellow bandmates Banks and Rutherford routinely found their homes beseiged by screaming, adoring female fans. As a consession to &quot;Genes-hysteria&quot; as it was dubbed by the media, Phil began writing more radio-accessible tunes like &quot;Misunderstanding&quot; and &quot;Turn It On Again&quot;. With so much of their time consumed by touring, filming of the aborted &quot;Genesis Meet Dracula&quot; movie and lending their voices to a Saturday morning T.V cartoon &quot;The Bugs Bunny/Genesis Family Fun Hour&quot;, the material here was hastily composed and it shows. Still, not a bad album all things considered.
0525945636|5.0|I never really liked Follet novels except for &quot;Wings of Eagles,&quot; but &quot;Code to Zero&quot; is a very good book. I think it is one of his best works. Yes, it's different, but it's a book by a seasoned writer who plays with words, applies excellent charaterization, and pays attention to detail. &quot;Code to Zero&quot; is not your typical breathtaking thriller, but it's an interesting book and time well spent. If you prefer a fast-past thriller, I highly recommend the new powerful megathriller THE CONSULTANT by Alec Donzi.
B00005214X|5.0|No, kids, that's not Jesus Christ on the cover of &quot;All Things Must Pass&quot;. It's George Harrison of the Beatles (See the cover of Abbey Road). By the way, speaking of the cover on this remastered version...who supervised the artwork? Ted Turner?? The idea to colorize the classic album photo was inexcusably tacky, and the airbrushed smokestacks and freeway overpasses that adorn the CD sleeves inside are equally tasteless. But that's my only complaint about this package. The digital remastering of this re-release makes one appreciate just how brilliant the songs on &quot;All Things Must Pass&quot; truly are. This album is the single best solo release by any Beatle and that includes anything by John Lennon or Paul McCartney. If you liked George's stuff on the White Album and Abbey Road you will fall hopelessly in love with this album.
B00004Z4WQ|1.0|OK, I'm pretty tolerant of gross entertainment in movies (see my reviews of Road Trip, Me Myself and Irene, and South Park if you don't believe me), TV, books, and music, but Scary Movie is where I draw the line. Why is that? First off, the previews made it seem like a Naked Gun-esque spoof, of which I am a big fan of those types of movies. Yes, it is a spoof like those kinds of movies, but more extreme. Second, after viewing it, I felt like I needed to take a shower because of all the male-organ jokes and gay references(as a straight male, I cannot take too many of those types of jokes). The other problem I had with this movie is it was pretty much the same three jokes written over and over: Girls, drugs, and small male organs.  All right, I'll admit there were a couple of funny scenes once all those jokes wore off, like the I Know What You Did Last Summer and Matrix scenes and the scene where the marijuana-smoking killer says the now-infamous &quot;Whassssssssuuuuuup?&quot; and Marlon says &quot;I see dead people!&quot;, but the scene where Shawn gets impaled on a giant male organ is just too much. The best line in the whole movie is when Shawn Wayans says &quot;TV shows don't make people kill. Canceling TV shows makes people kill!&quot;  Bottom line: if you want a good spoof, see the original Naked Gun or Airplane, and avoid this one. If the MPAA let this one go through, I'd hate to see what they left out of South Park: Bigger, Longer and Uncut.
B00004Z459|5.0|One of my freinds went around school writing Linkin Park on all the chalk boards so I decided to go on the internet and check it out. I found the single and was hooked instantly. I got the CD and can't stop listening to it. I love Chester's voice and how he and Mike blend vocals. It's worth the money!
B00000099Y|5.0|I am really surprised. I got Aenima a week ago, and I can't stop listening to it. It is brilliant as a whole, and several of the pieces are brilliant on their own. One of the very few heavy metal albums (stupid classifiation since this cd, to me at least, seems more closely related to the heavy progg of the 70's and 80's) in a long, long time where you can crank up the volume, lay down, close your eyes and LISTEN! And ENJOY! The only thing that pisses me off is that this CD was out there for YEARS before I happened to find it, and I buy metal regularly.<BR> The explicit lyrics warning is a joke (or maybe it is a statutory thing). Sure there are some &quot;harsh&quot; words &lt;grin&gt;. So what, everything is in a context, part of a whole. And the message is a good one (at least to me it is), nicely contrasting with the overall tone. This is really good stuff. Somehow The Lamb Lies Down On Broadway (by Genesis for all u ignorants out there) comes to mind, though the music and context are quite different. Same impact, though. One could even say it gives a new meaning to head-banging, banging on your skull from the inside.<BR> Buy this one. If u don't like it, give it to a friend and start reading Reader's Digest.
B00003CXDF|1.0|I cant believe Cruise helped to produce this crap. Maybe director John Woos fame is so big that every actor wants to make an action movie with him. But the result in this &quot;MISSION IMPOSSIBLE TO WATCH 2 &quot; was disgraceful. The movie is worst than the first one ( a classic case of a bad sequence ), its totally commercially driven, heartless, the action sequences in slow-motion are cliched and boring, the plot is ludicrous. All in all, one of the worst films ever featuring Tom Cruise.
0823016285|5.0|If you want to draw faces and it doesn't get to the heart I mean, when you can not exactly describe the soul of the model just reach out and dig this book You could learn to snatch the delicate and subtle difference between masterpieces and junks of paper &amp; carbon
B000002J7U|5.0|I have listened to many of Vangelis' albums, both new and old, and I believe that Voices stands out as his greatest work.  The title track, Voices, is an instant New Age/Ambient classic.  The whole album has an other worldly and almost eerie sound to it. You'll have to listen to the album from start to finish to truly appreciate it. Fans of Enya and Enigma may find something to appreciate here as well. If you like New Age music, don't pass up this sleeper hit.
B00004XQ83|5.0|This disk deserves the rave reviews it's getting. The booklet that comes with it is in-you-face to commercial Nashville, and the commercial Nashville &quot;country&quot; stations have responded in kind, refusing to play any of these fine songs.  Here in the Washington, DC, area, only American University's station, WAMU, will give it air time.<br />That's a pity.  More people should hear this music.  To add to other comments, let me mention two of my favorite cuts.  Ralph Stanley's a capella &quot;O Death&quot; will make the hair on the back of your neck stand up, and Chris Thomas King's &quot;Hard Time Killing Floor Blues&quot; captures nicely the sound and atmosphere of old-time Delta blues.
0156907399|1.0|I see Woolf's point. I understand what she was doing and saying. But it was poorly executed. Every bit of it from beginning to end. <br />She can't hold a single thought or development for long enough to make me care about anything. The writing seems to have been a toy for the writer, and not at all a serious attempt at a novel. As another reviewer stated, Woolf does give us a few glances at some great phrasings and story possibilities, but then she stamps it all out and moves on to something, anything, else. Just so long as the story never becomes interesting. God forbid.
0767827902|5.0|Peter Bogdanovich's The Last Picture Show is an adaptation of a Larry McMurtry novel.  Much like most of Mr. McMurty's work, the film is set in Texas.  The time is the mid 50's and like many towns at the time, TV was sweeping the land and fewer people were going to the movies, so the only movie theater in town is shutting down.  The picture isn't built around that, but more around that the idea of a loss of a more innocent time.  The film centers around Sonny (Timothy Bottoms) whose best friend is Duane (Jeff Bridges).  They were the captains of the high school football team, but they have since graduated.  Sonny still wears the varsity jacket as a sign that he was once something big.  He ends up having an affair with the football coaches plain wife. Cloris Leachman plays the wife and she brings a sadness to the role.  Sonny helps her feel young and alive, but she can never be with him.  Sonny ends up falling for Duane's girlfriend Jaycee (Cybil Shepard) and Duane leaves town.  Sonny &amp; Jaycee marry, but in the end everything breaks apart.  Mr. Bogdanovich filmed the movie in black and white and town is stark and dusty and we feel a sense of loss.  Ben Johnson appears a the all-knowing Lion and he and Ms. Leachman won the 1971 Academy Awards for Best Supporting Actor &amp; actress respectively.  The Last Picture Show is difficult and depressing, but brilliantly made.
B00004U2A1|4.0|Sam Raimi made again.But not as good as the first one.In the first film everything's excellent but i cant say same things for this film.He couldnt give the first film's tune.But the cast's r flawless.Shortly if u want to have an evil dead collection u should buy this.But not enough.
B00003CXDG|3.0|If you want to see some pretty fun car and motorcycle stunts and some other pretty good special effects, this movie is fine. The plot is fairly easily followed and very predictable, but the ending does have an interesting surprise -- the way Cruise gets out of trouble. If you haven't seen the movie, go rent the DVD at Blockbuster -- it isn't worth buying. If you've seen it, you know whether to buy the DVD here.
B00004YYDI|5.0|For anyone who liked the matrix or is  a big John Woo fan you have to add this to your DVD collection (European version,extra 24 minutes).Even though the plot is your basic man saves girl from bad guys there is one big twist here the girl is only 12-13 yrs old and the guy is 40ish.Some people  might say  this relationship is sick but there is such great chemistry between Jean Reno and  Natalie Portman that the age difference is blurred. As far the action scenes Luc Beeson can actually create such great tension before the action scene starts that your on  the edge of your seat with your heart pounding throughout the whole movie. Final word this movie should be shown to film students  as benchmark.
B00004SVID|5.0|I purchased Pink Floyd's The Wall on LP in the summer of 1988. I listened to it in it's entirity on that day and have enjoyed it countless times since. I'd known that the live album had been out for several months but I was in no hurry to purchase it (as live albums tend to pale in comparison to their more polished, studio, counter-parts). I ran across it (while shopping for a second copy of Pink's Division Bell) and purchased it four days ago. Since then, I have been listening to it in its entirity, over and over. It is all I listen to. Both versions of In The  Flesh are explosive (and positively evil), the added, What Shall We Do Now (it was in the movie, not on the studio album) is a welcome addition. The rest of the recording is rife with Floydian perfection. The recording is crisp, precise, and clean - much of it plays like a studio album. Even the casual Floyd listener will be happy they'd made this purchase.
0783229321|5.0|Animal House is the movie that made John Belusi as movie star.  His turn as John &quot;Bluto&quot; Blutarsky showed all the physical comedic gifts that he possessed.  He doesn't speak much in the film, but he elicits big laughs by simple facial gestures or actions such as climbing a ladder and spying on a girl's dorm room or by going through the food line in the cafeteria and loading up his tray, pockets and quickly munching on food as he goes along.  The movie doesn't have much of a plot, it centers around a misfit, party happy fraternity being kicked off campus by the evil dean and supposedly high morals rival frat.  What the movie does have is classic lowbrow humor in the form of food fights, sexual situations and the like.  Tim Matheson is excellent as the womanizing Otter, Peter Riegert and Karen Allen are good as the on and off couple Boon &amp; Katie, Stephen Furst is perfect as the bumbling Flounder, Mark Metcalf adds the right amount of slime and is absolutely hateable as Neidermayer, John Vernon is imposing as Dean Wormer and Tom Hulce brings the perfect amount nativity to Pinto.  Kevin Bacon has a bit part as a member of the rival frat and Donald Sutherland has a cameo as an English professor who gets Katie, Boon &amp; Pinto stoned.  The movie was a mega-success and spawned many imitators, none of which could capture Animal House's humor and charm.
B00003CXDF|1.0|I'm out of breath after watching this movie ... What was going through the producers heads when shooting this thing ? Only money, I guess ... There was a way of making a better folloup than this tragedy here: I think Cruise, Woo and the others could just sit in front of theirs VCR's or DVD's and watch the first movie... People that are saying that this is better than the first must be John Woo diehard fans, forgetting to see the truth, which is: this is one of the worst story lines ever made on screen, on the same level of the worst Van Damme's movies !! With one big difference: TOm Cruise is on it. I can't believe it. The team is gone, Ving Rhames plays a ridiculous small part, the leading female character is not good at all in acting skills..well, enough. See for yourself.
B00001NFCY|5.0|Love it, love it, love it!!!!!!!  Can't stop listening.......... especially to track #10 &quot;Wash Away Those Years&quot;.  A must have for anyones collection!
0800103661|5.0|This movie is not your typical sci-fi film.  With a plot that draws you in and an incredible mix of drama and science fiction, Gattaca is an absolutely incredible movie.  Ethan Hawke and Jude Law work together incredibily well and complement each other nicely.  Throw Uma Thurman into the mix as Ethan's love interest and the movie takes off like a rocket.  This movie also shows that you don't neccessarily need lots of sex, violence, and language to make an incredible movie.
6304873441|5.0|...well, then this film is decidedly not what you're shopping for.  If, on other hand, you have a desire for something to placate children that is intelligent enough to sustain your interest (something, perhaps, other than another 'Barney' video), this may indeed be something you'd enjoy.<BR><BR>I admit, quite frankly, to having seen this film in the theatre when it was in cinema release (and to having enjoyed it); the story is fast-paced enough to hold the interest of younger children, while the plot and characterisations are sufficiently developed to satisfy most viewers (myself and my unsophisticated cinematic taste inclusive).  <BR><BR>Perhaps the only question I might raise about this is its suitableness to the three-and-under demographic: Rasputin, the villian of the piece (and historically recounted as being the &quot;Mad Siberian Monk&quot; responsible for the bringing down of the Tsarist state...not that this accounting glosses the reality or anything, but...), has been nominally dead...when found by his (remarkably charming) sidekick, Bartok (an albino bat), Rasputin is literally falling to pieces...he may cut an image that is overpowering for the extremely young. <BR><BR>Miserable uncertificated attempts at psychoanalysis aside, this is really a delightful film...for me, the first animated film since Disney's &quot;Beauty and the Beast&quot; that I fell in love with.  Animated or not, this is a nice film...and as regards the animation, it is simply exquisitely done.
B000001FG5|5.0|It's a toss up between Main Course and Spirits Having Flown.  I think both are the best BeeGees you will ever hear!  I remember the magazine advertisement for 'Spirits', when it first came out....&quot;Great expectations, finally fulfilled.&quot;  You betcha!  You cannot beat this album.  'Tragedy', 'Too Much Heaven', 'Love You Inside Out'...what a line-up of #1's!  No wonder it won Best Album of The Year against Led Zeppelin's 'In Through The Out Door'. Put this album on your stereo, lay back with your eyes closed and just take it all in.  It is pure BeeGees and pure quality.
B0000025RQ|4.0|The only reason I don't give it five-stars is due to the horrible song &quot;PAIN AND PLEASURE&quot;, on of the worst ever written by Judas. The rest is perfection in metal.
B000050FEN|5.0|When I originally saw this movie in the theater several years ago, I was unsure of my intial reaction to the film.  As a (not quite) typical teen girl, I went to see Brad Pitt on the big screen.  I left with an icky feeling in my stomach.<br />However, once I got over the not-so-happy ending (being the happy-happy-joy-joy sucker that I am), the film eventually ended up on my Top Fifteen list of favorite films.  I really love its dark tone--the low lighting, the unpolished look, everything.  For some odd reason, that type of film-making appeals to me.  &quot;Fight Club&quot; has the same look and feel, both of them being directed by David Fincher.  &quot;The Matrix&quot; also has that same feel in some places.<br />Anyway, the movie is about a rookie homicide detective, the naive and wanting-to-make-a-difference David Mills (Brad Pitt) getting reassignment to the big, bad city.  William Sommerset (Morgan Freeman) is the veteran detective on the brink of retirement.  He's intelligent and kind, but the city has hardened him and turned him into a cynic.<br />When a serial killer simply called John Doe (Kevin Spacey) starts murdering people in accordance to the seven deadly sins, Mills and Sommerset become temporary partners in order to catch John Doe.<br />The film is intelligently written and well-acted--one of Morgan Freeman's best performances to date.  The film has to be the most engrossing and intelligent psychological thriller of all time, better than &quot;The Silence of the Lambs.&quot;  I also love the various references to classic literature--Dante, Hemmingway, Chaucer, the Bible, and even the Marquis de Sade (the latter being fitting with the &quot;sadistic&quot; nature of the murders.  FYI--Did you know the word &quot;sadistic&quot; or &quot;sadism&quot; cames from the Marquis de Sade's name?).<br />This is definitely not one for the kiddies.  It's very graphic and disturbing, but I love everything about this movie.  And the ending--although not happy--is definitely shocking and horrifying and fitting with the rest of the movie.  It's not enough to watch this film just once.<br />Umm . . . &quot;Seven&quot; also stars Gwyneth Paltrow (&quot;Shakespeare in Love&quot;, &quot;Emma&quot;) as Brad Pitt's wife.<br />The DVD is fabulous.  Like &quot;Fight Club&quot; it contains two disks--one for the feature, and the other for the wonderful DVD bonus stuff.  Can't get enough of that--you know, the usual deleted scenes, theatrical trailers, behind-the-scenes, alternate endings, yadda-yadda . . .<br />Powerful movie and a great DVD to add to your collection.
0060926317|5.0|Awaking, inspiring, we are a spoiled society.  Is this a true story? I thing so,  I hope so - a fascinating read with long term effects- Enjoy
B000001FNL|5.0|If you only purchase one BeeGee album in your entire life, let it be Main Course.  This album went Platinum, and rightfully so. &quot;Nights on Broadway&quot;, Barry's first attempt at Falsetto and he does it so well, I still get chills up my spine everytime I listen to it. &quot;Jive Talkin'&quot;, &quot;Wind of Change&quot;, &quot;Fanny (Be Tender with My Love)&quot;, only the best songs that ever came out on one album together.  Even the &quot;B&quot; side is fantastic.  &quot;Come On Over&quot; was originally written for Olivia Newton-John, she did record it, but the guys do it better.  The little known song, on the end of side 2, &quot;Baby As You Turn Away&quot;, a very soulfull song by Barry, and you can hear it coming straight from his heart as he sings.<br />Buy this album - you will not regret it. - EVER!
B000000OUW|5.0|When all the heavy metal bands are letting their old fans down, Manowar is one of the very few honorable excpetions. Once more they deliver an impecable hevy metal album, Manowar stile. This is arguably their best album (not counting the live albuns). Songs like The Return of the Warlord, King and The Gods Made Heavy Metal are already classics of the genre. Buy it now !!!
6304981635|5.0|Well, it's in Letterbox, hifi, and remastered from the original reels. It's also the best action movie that's ever seen the light of day. What impressed me the most (of course) is the video quality. It looks as if it was shot maybe 5 years ago instead of 30. If you've ever seen this movie on TNT or whatever and enjoyed it, get it on DVD, it's way better. The only (minor) annoyance is that the movie opens with an intro with Lind Lee going on about Bruce. I always skip it, but when I click &quot;Watch The Movie&quot;, I want to watch the movie. (Note: the featurette is good, watch it the first time.)
B00000JCOV|1.0|Blah blah blah blah blah, blah blah blah blah blah. Blah blah blah blah blah, blah blah blah blah, blah blah blah blah! Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. Blah blah blah. Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. Blah blah blah blah blah. Blah blah blah blah blah blah!! Blah blah blah blah blah, blah blah blah blah blah, blah blah blah. Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah! Blah blah blah blah blah, blah, blah, blah blah blah. And that is why I think this band is an embarrasment to music. NUFF SAID
B00004Z459|5.0|This disc is really somthing else, what can I say. Get this straight, I am not a fan of this rap-metal stuff, but this is really the exception. The songs are meliodic! Unlike other bands (Limp Bizkit) Linkin Park has meaningful lyrics, and a sound to call their own. Even if you don't like the first single 'one step closer', if you like hard music, you'll like this. The mix of rapping and singing is pefect. I would highly recomend this album.
B000000OUW|5.0|When all the heavy metal bands are letting their old fans down, Manowar is one of the very few honorable excpetions. Once more they deliver an impecable hevy metal album, Manowar stile. This is arguably their best album (not counting the live albuns). Songs like The Return of the Warlord, King and The Gods Made Heavy Metal are already classics of the genre. Buy it now !!!
B000002N9L|4.0|After owning this cd for 2 years i finally listening to all of it and I liked what I heard.  I played it for a whole week in my car and totally rocked out.  &quot;Dinner With Dolores&quot; is one of my favourites, I love the lyrics which are reminiscent of the playful yet surreal Prince of the &quot;Sign O' The Times&quot; era.  Another powerful track is &quot;The Same December&quot;. It's a song that's got alot goin' on!!!  It's like 3 songs in one, and it jams.  If you judge a book by it's cover, Prince's &quot;Chaos and Disorder&quot;  may turn u off, mainly because of the strange cover art of the cd.  For the longest time, I was almost afraid to listen to it.  Prince was obviously upset at Warner Brothers? hence the stomped human heart and all the other disturbing visuals. (was &quot;Had U&quot; dedicated to WB as well?)  But &quot;Chaos and Disorder&quot; ends up jamming hardcore, lyrically and musically speaking.
0790729652|5.0|This movie deserves ten stars if possible.  Out of every villian that Batman has there is no villian that compares to the sinister Joker.  Jack Nicholson was the perfect man to be casted as the Joker.  This movie starts off the Batman series with a bang.  In this film Michael Keaton also does a good job as portrating Batman, a dark charocter who fights for justice.  This movie showed the Batman dark no nonsense attititude.  This movie is a MUST for any fan of Batman!
6305897786|4.0|The film sets set forth the story in restrained terms. The viewer actually has to think. The ending does not live up to its promise of what could have been.
B000002KDO|5.0|So here we have it , the most cranium crushing sab of all time. This album is sheer brutality, wave after wave of monster power chords, that dont stop..... &quot; lord of this world&quot;, &quot;after forever&quot;, &quot; children of the grave&quot; are all time metal songs...if Sabbath invented metal, then this is their defining statement
0380788624|5.0|This is an awsome read!  Stephenson knows how to take a very complex and technical subject and keep it interesting enough for those with the background to understand, while making sure the non-techie can get into the story.  This is a great information warfare book, and helps us modern day techies understand that there was tech before dgital.  The story line on traffic analysis will make the anonymous reamiler users understand how old some of our techno problems really are!  Stephenson helps the reader understand that the base problems stay the same, while the tools get better and faster.  <br />The story is well woven on the grand scale, sometimes missing on the details, always dry and ironic, and only preaches once or twice. The style of writing speaks volumes to the cube dwelling, male oriented, tech heads that make up the high probability buyer of this massive volume.  A great read, well worth the effort to read, and a lot more entertaining than man pages!
B00001NFCY|5.0|Six songs on this album make it one that you MUST own:<br />Higher - the arena anthem for the new millennium, the song Creed will be playing for the rest of their lives.  Arms Wide Open - misunderstood and ridiculed by those too young to understand, but stands as a song for those of us about to enter our childbearing years.  Faceless Man - the best song on the album, containing the best 30 seconds during the bridge: &quot;Next time I see this face, I'll say, I choose to live for always; so won't you come inside and never go away.&quot;  Are You Ready - destined to be Creed's opening song for years to come.  Beautiful - a tight masterpiece.  What If - full of anger, but righteous anger.<br />Get it.
B000002MP2|5.0|This is the best album Green Day will ever make. This is the pinnacle of punk rock before Green Day sold out. One of the greatest albums I've ever heard
B00000BKDS|5.0|So it began, stewing in the streets of london, comes one of the 1st NWOBHM albums, and arguabley the best. I think that Paul Di'anno' voice and stage presence blows brusey away, the songs are better and grittier &quot; running free&quot;, &quot; drifter&quot; are all classics. My fave here is &quot; phantom of the opera&quot; talk about epic metal, you really cant go wrong with this one
B00001XT76|5.0|As the movie opens Baby (Grey) provides a background introduction of the world in 1963 before the &quot;BEATLES&quot;, before the assassination of John F. Kennedy and her last summer of innocence.  Off to college, save the world and joining the Peace Corps.<br />This is her last traditional family summer vacation in the Catskills of New york at the &quot;KELLERMAN's family resort.<br />With this set, we now fall into the classic story of dance (brilliantly performed by Swayze, Rhodes &amp; Grey), music (one of the best movie sound tracks of the 80's) &amp; chemistry (Swayze &amp; Grey have all the magic needed to pull this off).<br />Dirty Dancing is a movie phenomenon.  This movie works because you feel all the ingredients of a great story unveiling before your senses.  Don't analyze it.  Just enjoy the ride over and over.  It is brilliant!!!!<br />The extras are nice especially the &quot;Dirty Dancing Concert&quot; featurette with the original dancers with the songs performed by the original artists.  This is a keeper!!!!!!!
B000050FEN|5.0|JUST GREAT! JUST WONDERFUL! AMAZING.
0790729628|4.0|I just got this movie and watched it for the first time.  It is very good, and the visuals are stunning! Even though it is an older movie.  I won't tell the plot or anything, because that's already been done here.  But this movie is worth your time, whether you rent it or buy it.  Although it is rated R, it said rated R for violence.  But it does have nudity(upper), which kind of dissapointed me, in the fact that it said nothing of this.  But that is pretty much the only flaw, atleast that I see, for a movie I've been wanting to see for a very long time.
0553106635|5.0|George R.R. Martin is just too good. I have read some awesome fantasy series. Jordans WOT, Tad Williams dragonborn chair series (Which I thought was as good as it gets),L.E. Modesitt's Recluse (still one of my all time fav's), Terry Goodkinds SWOT whose last book FOTF was superb. Wies &amp; Hickmans Death Gate series. Then along comes George R.R. Martin and blows them to dust. That is soo uncool Mr Martin. NOT FAIR. Some times your so far above everyone else, no body has a chance to even compete. I'm not talking about just fantasy, I'm talking about the Clancy's, The Stephen Kings, The Grishams of the world. Nobody even comes close to story telling like this fella. And for the Pro Reviews that say everyones game to Axeman. Not True, if you haven't figured it out, the real heroes in these books are Jon and Danearys. I swear, if you kill Danearys off I will never ever read another of your books. heh heh heh
B00003W8NM|5.0|Most of us have Tyler Durdens within us.  We tend to live life at a pace at which we are directed by society.  We are trained to go to college, get a job, get married, buy a house, have children, and plan for retirement after 30 odd years of working.  Ed Norton plays are character who realizes this pattern early in life and attempts to live a more fulfilling life.  He meets his inner-being Tyler Durden (Brad Pitt) and Fight Club is born. However, our facinating life is insignificant if we have no companion for emotional fulfillment.  In comes Marla.  If you seek a more fulfilling life as did Ed Norton's character, you can relate to this movie.  It was excellent.
B000002KJM|1.0|If you've not heard about the &quot;remaster&quot; that was done on this release consider this your heads up.<br /> At sometime in the 1980s/90's they remixed this album with way too much echo and fake drum machines. Gone is the beautiful rawness and classic mix that defined this album. What you now get is a sound that resembles a bad soundcheck in a tin room. I can see why this was done, it was an attempt to get the Elminator/Afterburner fans to buy the early discs.  One review on the &quot;Best of ZZ Top&quot; early greatist hits package, said he felt these remasters have destroyed the whole original vibe of the music making it almost unlistenable. I gotta agree with him. Why can't an import at the very least be issued of the original mix? I would gladly cough up 20 to 25 bucks to have this and the other early albums in the way they were meant to sound.<br /> So be wary of this CD. This release is not the album you remember.
0679746048|5.0|Sometimes, you come across a book that is unbelievably profound in its honesty and intelligence. Susanna Kaysen's Girl Interrupted is that book. Ms. Kaysen tells an enlightening story of the 18 months she spent in McLean Hospital, a mental institution, as the result of a failed suicide attempt in 1967. In the novel, Ms. Kaysen explores the physiological being and mind of the girls in her ward, including herself and poses interesting questions about who's crazy and who's in charge of figuring it out. Girl, Interrupted is a novel of stunning proportion. Kaysen's style of writing is electric and simple. The informality of the novel allows the reader to understand and identify with the characters, and the utter complexity of the plot allows for the mind to wonder. While the novel was riveting, Kaysen's lack of chronological order makes the novel a little hard to totally understand in one reading and the novel becomes a bit confusing.  Kaysen shows mental patients in a new light, not as lunatics, but as real people with problems which people use to classify them as crazy. Girl, Interrupted teaches that inside everyone, there is insecurity and fear, which can really be used to classify anyone as crazy. If you look hard enough, you can see yourself, or something you want to be in each character. This book can help show a little something about human nature and humans in general.  I'd definitely recommend Girl, Interrupted to teens from 13 up and to young adult in their early to mid 20s. Any younger than 13 and certain themes would have to be explained and any older than mid 20s and the novel's value would deteriorate because that age range would not be able to appreciate the lessons learned and the advice subtly cast though out the novel. The novel has a great deal of language and scenes some people may find disturbing. Girl, Interrupted is a fine novel, built with creativity.
0345423496|1.0|I'm very sad to think that this is the last Arthur C. Clarke novel I will probably ever read. The man who wrote Childhood's End, 2001: A Space Odyssey, etc., has fallen so far. This is the kind of novel that a friend or relative of a deceased author publishes as a \\"tribute,\\" \\"based on a story\\" once casually related by the said author over lunch. And it's as awful as that sort of thing usually is.<br />Frank Poole is revived after floating in space (\\"killed\\" by HAL in 2001) for nearly one thousand years, watches some old news footage, bums around the solar system for a while, and finally has to take about a five-page detour to destroy the big Monolith at Jupiter.<br />You'd think, perhaps, that there's a fantastic novel trying to get out of this idea. And perhaps there is, but Clarke was at a loss to find it. The destruction of the monolith is accomplished with a silly deus ex machina \\"computer virus,\\" a logical puzzle that destroys any computing machine that is exposed to it! This is not only absurd--it is so tired and worn out that it has been used already by Star Trek, Star Trek: The Next Generation, and the movie Independence Day. <br />I guess we're fortunate that the actual \\"plot\\" of the novel occupies such a little corner of the book...but, then again, that leaves all the more room to wander around Clarke's staid, uninteristing vision of the year 3001, a society in which--get this!--human beings actually interface their brains directly with computers! That's the big \\"visionary\\" thing in this book, so help me! Why, I couldn't name a single novel of the future published since 1990 which _didn't_ feature \\"jacking in\\" to the computer in some fashion or another...but Clarke acts like he invented the idea. It's a centerpiece of the novel. And yet he does less with the idea than many authors who use \\"cyberspace\\" as a mere background detail of their worlds.<br />At least it's mercifully short...and this tiny book is effectively made even shorter in that it lifts wholechapters from its progenitors 2001 and 2010. You might skip over these excerpts, but of course then you'd be skipping over the best passages in this book, and perhaps the only ones really worth reading.<br />It is not only that this is a poor, dull, silly novel. It is a kind of literary vandalism--grafitti spray-painted on the side of the original black monolith from 2001. Reading it, I was reminded of the wisdom of Ray Bradbury, writing on the times he was tempted to revise and \\"update\\" Fahrenheit 451: \\"But I object to tampering with the work of a young aritst, even when that artist is me.\\" If only Clarke would have felt the same way. This is a tragic way to conclude a great career.
0767903854|4.0|Because Bryson is at his best when he is making fun of his surroundings, his love of all things Oz make this book a little tamer than most of his others.  There are still plenty of passages that had me laughing on the subway.
B000002UAO|4.0|the original track list of the lp goes as follows:<br /> 1. I've Just Seen a Face<BR> 2. Norwegian Wood <BR> 3. You Won't See Me <BR> 4. Think For Yourself <BR> 5. The Word <BR> 6. Michelle <BR> 7. It's Only Love <BR> 8. Girl <BR> 9. I'm Looking Through You <BR> 10. In My Life <BR> 11. Wait <BR> 12. Run For Your Life<br /><br />Although I think &quot;If I Needed Someone&quot; is a nice addition, in general I find it disgusting that the record company felt the need to destroy what may have been the Beatles' most perfect, if not their most ground-breaking, album.  Thus, 4 instead of 5 stars.  Boo to Capitol!
B000003TAW|5.0|Okay...........firstly.........this is the only album that was ever made for absolutely everybody. There is nobody who should be without this album. 10 tracks of just utter brilliance, nothing is not worthwhile.<br />The album opens with the powerful &quot;My Name Is Jonas&quot; and moves into the catchy &quot;No One Else&quot;. Afterwards we get to the best track of the cd, &quot;The World Has Turned And Left Me Here&quot; a song about the way all of us have felt at one time....it's just absoultely great...one of the best songs ever. Than one of the two novelty songs &quot;Buddy Holly&quot;, it's a very fun song with cool guitars. Next is the other novelty hit &quot;The Sweater Song&quot;....it's got more depth than one would think...it's a great song too. Next is the upbeat catchy &quot;Surf Wax America&quot;, an ode to surfing. Than the downbeat &quot;Say It Ain't So&quot; takes over but that song is just so great too....next is &quot;In The Garage&quot; one of the albums other high points, a diary of nerd life. &quot;Holiday&quot; is a nice catchy little number and &quot;Only In Dreams&quot; is a great meaningful piece to finish the album up..<br />wow, this is by far the best cd i own, i suggest you all get it right now.
B000006Z1X|4.0|Personally, I think this is an absolutely amazing recording. It is really hard to categorize, as it doesn't really fit any of the styles that were around at that time. It wasn't hair-metal, like Quiet Riot, and not close to the dinosaur stuff like Deep purple or Black Sabbath. No, this is different. It is very orchestrated, yet full on rock. The layers of vocal harmonies and guitars can probably only be blamed on one person...Steve Vai. I have heard some similar approaches on tracks from his solo albums, 15 years later. If this album were to be recorded today, it would be (I almost said 'music to the ears'....) one amazing piece of work. Being recorded in the mid-80's, it lacks the sound quality it deserves. But it's a classic!
B00004Z4WQ|4.0|This movie was hilarious. Okay, period. And I'm a big movie fanatic. Yeah i like smart movies, but i'm always a sucker for dumb low brow humor. This movie pulled it off. Big time, in a David Zucker type way even though he didn't direct this. This movie was just so funny from start to finish, i couldn't stop laughing. It's definitely at least worth a rent or two.....it's very low brow humor but it's just so hilarious......wait till you see the first ten minutes......and Doofy.....God this movie is so funny.....sorry....I can't stop....ahhh! It's so hilarious...
B00004Y7SF|5.0|You cannot even imagine the excitment that filled through me the day this cd was released.  Christina's voice is so angelic and harmonious.  I would recommend this cd to anyone.  You'll be listening to this way into the new year.
B00001PE4D|5.0|The first time i saw this movie i thought i was going to hate it. Once I saw it I came out really shocked from the experience. The acting is great and it's fun to see the way the people in this movie behave, it's very odd and unlike any other film i've seen....<br />Cruel Intentions has a tried and true plot but this is probably the best it's been done, i don't think you can use that plot and outdo this movie. <br />This movie is a good insight into why people act the way they act and shows how the emotional consequence of what you do will catch up to you.<br />It's smart, funny, and a hell of a good time. Definitely 5/5.
B00003Q438|5.0|If ever there was a movie deserving of all that DVD has to offer, this is it. The Abyss was neglected upon it's original theatrical release and it was only the later released special edition, restoring (and completing) the finale that gave this sci-fi/romance masterpiece the attention it deserves.  If you have only seen he theatrical version and dismissed it as &quot;ET underwater&quot; or &quot;Close Encounters of the Wet Kind&quot; then you owe it to yourself to enjoy this movie the way it was meant to be seen.   Beg, buy, borrow, or steal this DVD to see the Special Edition in crisp clean digital picture and mind blowing sound.  The bonus material will keep you busy for hours including the one hour making of documentary as well as nearly 30 chapters of information on every aspect of filming from casting to the restoration.  Each vehichle/submercible gets it's own chapter as well as the famous wave sequence and a truly amazing (and sometimes humorous) look at the creation of the pseudopod sequence making use of DVD's multiple angle feature to allow you to switch between storyboards, raw footage, in process effects shots and the final footage.<br />Aside from marveling at the amount of care and detail that went into making the film, the special edition also brings even greater resinance to the love story- the true heart and soul of The Abyss.  Ed Harris and Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio have never been better.  Watch the special edition movie on disc 1 then dig in to the ultimate DVD treat on disc 2.
B00003CXIY|5.0|I had to rent this when i came out and the first time i saw it i laughed but not that hard because i was really tired and half asleep while i was watching it...the next time i saw it was when i got it as a surprise christmas present, the DVD edition. The DVD of this movie rules, the color and audio on it are great and there's lots of cool extras including a cool music video for a good song &quot;Mr. E's Beautiful Blues&quot; by The Eels. It rawks. This movie also had the best trailer EVER.<br />The plot is kind of worn out and thin but once you get into it and you see the characters it is like no other movie. The characters are just so funny. Especially Tom Green's &quot;Barry&quot; and &quot;Kyle&quot; the nerdy kid who loans them the car...this movie is great...very very amusing.
B000050XEI|5.0|I never cease to be amazed by what different musicians can do when given a chance. Enya's example of good, quality, and creative music is once again demonstrated in her newest offering for our ears, and for our hearts.                   This album was given a chance to be because of belief. One musician believes in her creative skills. One producer believes in her potential. Millions of people believe in both as they continue to purchase her music.   I am a believer. As I have continued to purchase Enya's music, I continue to celebrate her success. She is unique. This new album is unique. She has a beautiful style and displays it with desired perfection. It is truly a marvel that a simple song like &quot;Only Time&quot; took many weeks of studio work to produce.   Each song on this album has an individual purpose that enables the listener to step slowly through one story to the next. It begins as a relaxing stroll into an unhurried world, challenged once by a brief mood swing, then flowing along the simple, easy path once again.
B000021XS0|5.0|In a time when most bands have stopped trying, Dream Theater continues to challenge themselves. Simply put, no band has Dream Theater's bombastic musical audacity...at least, no band with signed with a major record company. After nearly breaking up following the stressful recording of Falling Into Infinity, the band managed to convince their label to let them produce the record they wanted all along. As a result, the band has made their finest work.<br />Extrapolating the saga of Images And Words' &quot;Metropolis Pt.1&quot; is the stunning concept album Scenes From A Memory, an epic suite divided into twelve parts. The original concept was delightfully obscure and nebulous...almost mythical. The band has taken the concept and fleshed out the core ideas, producing a slightly generic two-act murder mystery. Lyrically, the album sometimes comes across flat. Judging from earlier albums, we know Dream Theater can shine lyrically, but given the story approach, their diction is straightforward, generally lacking the profundity of their earlier lyrical work. In terms of writing, this is no Operation: Mindcrime. Nonetheless, the tale is reasonably compelling, with a striking revelatory moment when the listener unravels the mystery of the plot. Despite the prosaic style of writing, between the plot, story, and music, it's barely a fault.<br />Musically, the band seems to be going all out. The album begins with a tepid acoustic number &quot;Regression&quot; but then floors the listener with the stunning instrumental &quot;Overture 1928.&quot; From there, the album's 77 minutes of music covers plenty of ground, from heartfelt piano ballads to eastern chord progressions, from furious assaults of shredding to orchestral sections and a gospel choir. All the musicians make an impression, particularly on the insane instrumental, &quot;The Dance of Eternity.&quot; This frenetic six-minute flurry of notes that changes time signatures every bar (with weird stuff like 19/16 and 15/8),swaps between piano and guitar leads, stuns with a mind-boggling bass solo, and a seamlessly incorporates a ragtime piano section. (Fans with keen ears will even pick up a section from Metropolis Pt.1 played backwards.) Scenes From A Memory does an outstanding job establishing musical cohesion by intermittently using familiar riffs, both from this record and Metropolis Pt.1. This is an important artistic choice as it forms continuity, and it is done with notable success here.<br />Special mention goes to Jordan Rudess, the band's new keyboardist, recruited after Petrucci and Portnoy worked with him on Liquid Tension Experiment. Whereas most keyboardists (in progmetal) do little other than offer a string synth and occasional solo to support the guitar, Rudess is the most original keyboardist around...he shares the spotlight with the guitar rather often. He exacts a the perfect tone during solos (it almost sounds like guitar), which eliminates the &quot;cheese&quot; sound often attributed to the instrument. He employs sitar samples, genuine sounding orchestral synths, stunning piano, and other quirky sounds (like this strange trumpet thing on &quot;Beyond This Life&quot;). His technical brilliance is superlative...seriously one of the best keyboardists on the planet. <br />The album enjoins a gamut of emotional reactions from the listener. Particularly distinct are the emotions in the respectively heartbreaking and joyful ballads &quot;Through Her Eyes&quot; and &quot;The Spirits Carries On&quot; as well as the underscored anger and hopelessness in &quot;Home&quot; and &quot;Finally Free.&quot; This is mainly attributable to vocalist James LaBrie's emotive performance. Compared to his earlier works, his vocals here are less high-key but very refined and expressive. I get uncontrollable chills whenever he sings the final section of &quot;Through Her Eyes,&quot; or The Miracle's sinister soliloquy during &quot;Home.&quot;<br />Finally, I will quickly address the accusation that Dream Theater cares more about showing off than writing good songs. This is absolutely untrue. As a metal band, they can be intense, but a solid melodic element is intact. Their solos are not masturbatory; they inject the songs with a high-point of emotion or intensity. Even moments of striking dissonance prove to be engaging.<br />I think it's understood by now that I regard this album with reams of deference. It's completely awesome. Buy it...it's astonishing.
0792841344|5.0|I gotta say, I've seen a bunch of Horror films and I keep going back to this one. It really is a gem. The transfer onto the DVD is great and all the extras are cool. But I guess the thing that keeps me coming back to it is the fact that it shows the innocense of the mid 70's. The characters are very likable and real. Life seemed slower and less complex. And for some reason this film captures that. Great film, very scary (with out being too revealing) and well thought out. A CLASSIC!!!!
630463949X|5.0|Whenever I see this type of reunion concert, I tend to expect the worst... a bunch of burnouts in a pathetic attempt to rekindle any type of flame.  Fleetwod Mac, however, can still hang with anyone in contemporary music.  Lindsey Buckingham's guitar rocks throughout.  His range- from the sensitive to the harsh- this boy can rock with anyone.  His performance on go insane, big love, etc... is just incredible.  Also, the banjo on Say you love me is fantastic.  The vocals from Christine McVie and Stevie Nicks are at least as good as they were 20 years ago.  I saw them live in about 1979, and they were great then, and amazingly perhaps better now.  Mic is playing great and the drums rock and roll throughout as well.  I was surprised to find that there are several excellent new songs.. bleed to love her and temporary one.. for example.  This is a great concert DVD you'll play over and over.  Everyone seems to want to compare it to the Eagles dvd, which I don't understand..  After all, can't they both be outstanding??  The sound quality and clarity is excellent here, but it's not DTS.  Silver springs and Go your own way are my favorites.  Lindsey's guitar dominates this concert.
B00004XONN|4.0|This cd is one of the best of the year (2000).  It contains some very good songs, but it can get tiresome.  It seems to me that some of the songs drag on with no one singing and just a bunch of computer generated noises.  On the other hand, this cd will put you into an almost trance like state while you are listening to it.  It is a very relaxing cd and is very fun to listen to.  If you are looking for a song on here that is a quick hit, you might as well not waste your time.  There are almost no songs on here that I could picture them playing on the radio.  The thing that makes this cd so good is that it has the same feel throughout the whole cd.  My favorite tracks are Everything in it's Right Place, How to Dissapear Completely, Optimistic, and Idioteque.
B000002KK2|5.0|Before there was Sheryl Crowe, or Jewel there was Rickie Lee Jones. An attractive slender gal from California that would let you know she could pack a musical punch with the rest of them.The front cover to this album,with it's almost Bonnie (from Bonnie &amp; Clyde)appearance was a precursor to let us know she also meant business and was not going to be just a one hit wonder. Her brand of blue -eyed femme fatale blues, pop, soul and light rock was at a time before the Alannis Morrisettes of the 90's started singing of feminine fury. Jones musical persona could hang with the guys in the band (or bar),dive and show the crowd a good ol' singing and toe tappin' time ! At the same time her vocals could be versatile.One minute singing the rock &amp; blues with a voice filled with pleasure. The next, you could hear her pain in another. This is an essential recording for anyone who wants to learn about Jones' astonishing debut. It's in it's subtle beauty that this album has stood the test of time...
078610984X|4.0|Spoto does biographies one might ordinarily pass by on the checkout stand, but the difference is manifest the moment one starts to read a bit.  His are first rate, and much better choices for some of the favorite tabloid glamour girls like Jackie O, Liz, and Marilyn.  I'm not sure I'd spend $100 on the audiotape version of this, but if its unabridged I'm sure it is worth listening to.  Spoto's excellent analysis on her death includes interviews with surviving people involved in the investigation, reading the autopsy reports, and evidentlyconsultations with doctors.  It's nice to see a factual account of her death at last, and I say that as someone who is not a fan of the Kennedy men and their sexual misconduct.  See also &quot;Something's Got To Give&quot; (VHS).
B00003CXBK|5.0|Princess Mononoke is (possibly) the best movie I have ever seen.  It has great animation, wonderful characters, and a great story. The DVD has a special about the movie, which has the people that played the voices of the characters talking about it.  It also has the theatrical trailer.  You have the option of watching it in the original Japanese or in French (of course you can watch it in English). You can also have subtitles of the literal English translashion or for the hearing impaired. Princess Mononoke is a very beautiful and wonderful movie.
078062551X|4.0|There's always room for improvement   otherwise  I'd give it 5 stars. The acting was captivating   and the edge of my seat was worn just hoping the &quot;strangers&quot; would die a terrible death. Actually I think the main message in the story is that of individualisim,  the self wins out over the collective. Quite Ayn Rand-ish  The &quot;strangers&quot; were of a collective mind and would die because there was no I, no me, no self, (no soul) and in the end the  self-thinking individual triumphs, although it did start to become clear some of the way through. Even though, the movie was definitely worth watching and I will make the purchase to watch it again I'm sure there are subtleties that I've missed the first two times I have seen it.   If you see it once,  I think you'll be hooked.
B00004SU5J|5.0|While frequenting a bookstore, I heard this CD playing over the speakers. I heard the song 'Sure Thing,' and I couldn't keep from humming along. I figued the CD was a decent 'CD 101.9' kind of deal, so I bought the CD for my Mom as a gift. Then I decided to listen to the CD, yada yada yada, I got a copy for myself. This CD should hopefully blow up and show these young TRL punks what music is about. You want house, this CD has house. You want jazz, this has jazz too. Reggae, blues, etcetera, this CD has it all, and you should all get off your butts and buy it. . .
0792156684|1.0|Can there ever have been a more 'made for television' piece of rubbish than this. Without doubt the must stomach- turningly cliched waste of good videotape it has ever been my misfortune to watch.And as for the oscars. Can there now be any credibility to these awards at all? I think not.
6305807086|5.0|For my money, this was the best picture of the year (1999), a startling piece with some great acting performances that left the competition in the dust along the Jersey Turnpike....In Being John Malkovich, the premise of the movie is hysterical and unique. John Cusack is a  down and out loser puppeteer, married to the gloriously frumpy and frizzy-haired Cameron Diaz (in a wonderful casting about-face), who had to abandon his puppetry &quot;art&quot; and head off into the real world for a desk job in order to pay the bills and support his wife's many pets.  He shows up at the 7 1/2 floor of a building, after a scene in the elevator that still brings a smile to my face when I think of it, and starts work at a bizarre company (where everyone stoops under a five foot ceiling) only to discovey a mysterious passageway behind a file cabinet which is a portal into the mind of John Malkovich.  All of this is directed by Spike Jonze in such an effective, unsensational manner that the outlandish plot and absurd setting become almost believable. <br />Anyway, without giving away too much of the plot, the movie kept me continuously guessing, and the acting performances were great. Malkovich playing himself was a riot,  and I loved the appearance of Charlie Sheen in a self-mocking role late in the film.  Jonze lampoons voyeurism, sexual identity, sado-masochism (a cage is prominently used) and  shameless opportunism for the almighty dollar. If you haven't seen this flick yet, stop wasting time and find out what everyone was laughing about at the coffee machine last year. A big thumbs up.
B00004U2A2|5.0|I love both Evil dead 2 and army of darkness. I try to get friends to start with evil dead 2 instead of evil dead because I think it's very funny and just a great horror movie. Like others have said it is more of a remake of the first one.After this one you will want to see army of darkness. Buy or rent it today. It's a great horror/comedy.
B00003CWL6|4.0|This was undoubtedly a very good film, with a strong acting job that we have come to expect from Kevin Spacey. He plays the 42 year-old Lester Burnham, who attempts to break free from the humdrum confines of his unsatisfying, suburban existence and to appreciate &quot;beauty&quot; in all its forms. However, it has been hailed by some here, as well as some critics, as this startling, original, life-altering film which in this reviewer's opinion it is most certainly not.<br />Burnham goes through the motions early in the film, (we catch  him in the act of self-gratification in the shower to symbolize the lack of any continued spark in his marriage with Annette Bening), until he is broken out of his doldrums by a strong sexual desire for his teenage daughter's best friend. He leers uncomfortably at the new object of his affections at a high school basketball game (the girls are both cheerleaders), and his descent and &quot;re-awakening&quot; begins. Ultimately Burnham forces his boss to offer him a lucrative severence package at work with some extortionate demands, starts asserting himself a little more around the house, buys a car he enjoys driving, and takes a job at a local burger joint to escape the rat race. The scene of him tossing a plate of asparagus at the wall to demand some respect from his family reminded me of Nicholson's tirade in the diner during Five Easy Pieces, when he couldn't get his wheat toast. All the while, his wife (an aspiring real estate agent) starts a desperate affair with a slimy superstar real estate agent, played with biting accuracy by Peter Gallagher.<br />Ultimately, it was hard to feel too much sympathy for any of the characters in the movie, except maybe for Burnham's teenage daughter and her video-nut boyfriend.  The boyfriend's dad is a crazed neo-nazi with some strong feelings of repressed sexuality who literally terrorizes his brow-beaten wife and son; Annette Bening is an adulterous career girl with no real warmth; Gallagher isa self-important snob happy to bed another's wife; and Burnham himself  turns into a lecherous, self-confident, weightlifting pothead. The action careens toward a climax at the Burnham residence one night when Lester's duaghter invites her teenage  cheerleader friend to stay over, and the ending, while anticipated throughout the film, was still quite effective. <br />The film had its moments to be sure, the cocktail party where Bening introduces her sarcastic husband to a clearly unimpressed Peter Gallagher stands out in my mind as a fabulous scene, and I loved  Spacey attempting to rekindle some romance with Bening on the couch, only to be rebuffed out of her concern for the expensive couch fabric. Witty at times, dramatic, engaging, yes.  Life-changing and startlingly original, no.
1878424319|4.0|I read the  book while traveling abroad and it helped me look at people with a more positive attitude.  The book makes you think about how you view yourself and others, along with very good ideas for how to improve your own self imaging.  On a regular basis I find myself relating daily occurances to the book and trying to use the information in order to be supportive and helpful to people who may be struggling in their day. The book encourages the reader to have a positive attitude for yourself, only you can treat yourself poorly, either by your mindset, or by allowing others to take advantage of you.  It does make you think, and encourages daily growth without guilt. If you have disruptive thoughts, analyze why, and try to correct it so the next opportunity is positive.   I enjoyed the different delivery from other books that strictly say &quot;have a positive attitude&quot;, but don't give any techniques for helping yourself and others.
B00001OH7J|5.0|If you know of Rory and his music then for Gods sake get this and do yourself a favor!! the pure heart-felt dron of overnight bag is for real.....his playing on this album is exemlary and should be noticed,recognized,and rivered. We miss you rory!     Get this CD! It wasent previously available! No-kidding! Rory at his best..ssoooooooo..good!    Enjoy! J.Julian
B0000508U6|5.0|There is some similarity between Coldplay and Radiohead, but this does not prevent the band from making its own unique contribution to modern rock music.  The track 'Shiver' is a poignant look at unrequited love that isn't warmed over, melodramatic, or contrite, a tremendous feat in and of itself.  It's understated and that's where its power lies.  I heard 'Yellow' on the radio and was instantly drawn to its unusual and memorable sound.  'Yellow' may be the most original love ballad I've ever heard.  It is what initially compelled me to buy this CD, and it was most certainly worth it.  'Trouble' is another fantastic cut.  The CD is full of gems.  It alternates between rough and edgy and soft and subdued, sometimes all in the same song.  The entire CD just *works.*   Every track can stand alone, but the whole is greater than the sum of its parts, thanks to a common feeling of quiet, thoughtful reflection that flows from beginning to end.  <br />Coldplay has established for itself a distinctive feel.  This band should have a huge impact on the modern rock scene and I can't wait to hear more from them.  My only regret is that the CD isn't longer, ten tracks wasn't enough, though I understand the Import has two additional cuts.
B00001OH7J|5.0|If you know of Rory and his music then for Gods sake get this and do yourself a favor!! the pure heart-felt dron of overnight bag is for real.....his playing on this album is exemplary and should be noticed,recognized,and rivered. We miss you rory!     Get this CD! It wasent previously available! No-kidding! Rory at his best..ssoooooooo..good!    Enjoy! J.Julian
B0000524E5|5.0|I thought this was an excellent movie! It's about realizing your dreams and going after them any way you can, and overcoming your fears! I'd recommend this movie to anyone! I rented it and 2 days later went out and bought it! It's a great addition to any video or dvd collection!
B00001OH7J|5.0|If you know of Rory and his music then for Gods sake get this and do yourself a favor!! the pure heart-felt dron of overnight bag is for real.....his playing on this album is exemplary and should be noticed,recognized,and rivered. We miss you rory!     Get this CD! It wasent previously available! No-kidding! Rory at his best..ssoooooooo..good!    Enjoy! J.Julian
6304696566|5.0|Many people have underated John Wayne's acting abilities. Some people say he just played himself in all his movies. I disagree with that position.<br />Most movie fans agree like I do that Robert DeNiro and Al Pacino are two of the greatest movie actors ever. I just want to point out that a large portion of both of these men's performances have been in crime movies. John Wayne mostly appeared in Westerns. That should not be a knock on his acting. Many people have made westerns. No one ever was as successful or as effective.<br />My way of judging someone's performance is to compare one performance to others in a career. All you need to do is watch these movies to see the wide range of John Wayne's acting performances. I will rank them in my own opinion of his best acting. The Searchers (his most complex character ever), True Grit (yes, I do believe he deserved the Oscar outright over a great performance by Dustin Hoffman in Midnight Cowboy), Red River (a character as hard driven and uncompromising as The Searchers but a completely different performance), The Shootist (his most touching performance), She Wore A Yellow Ribbon (very believeable as a retiring cavalry officer even though he was in his early 40s when he made the movie), The Quiet Man (his best performance in a non western), The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance (the tough man on the outside who can't hide his heartbreak over losing his girl to James Stewart).<br />John Wayne made close to 200 movies. Most were mediocre movies and performances. But when John Wayne was good, he was very good. <br />Plus, The Searchers is a great movie. The movie just gets better after repeated viewings. John Wayne is so good as a man fighting his own demons and maintaining his own personal code, John Ford's directing was never better, the story is mesmerizing, and the cinematography is some of the best ever, which is typical with many John Ford movies.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Gladiator is a classic hero tale which allows you to turn off the thinking-centres of your brain and just enjoy the adventure. Our Hero is a man and general of epic proportions, the Bad Guy is Very, Very Bad, and there is a strong female character conniving behind Caesar's back. Add to this some exciting and slightly gory swordplay and an amazing, award-winning soundtrack that flows perfectly through the movie, and you have a wonderful escapist experience. (One of my friends tells me that she didn't like the gore, but got through it by shutting her eyes until the music told her that the gross bit was over.)<br />The extra scenes on the second DVD add a great deal to the viewing experience, too. (Some of them really deserved to be cut from the film, but others give new insights into the characters' motivations.)
B000050XEI|5.0|I've waited for a new Enya CD for such a long time.  All the while fearing that either she wouldn't do any new work or that a new cd would not live up to the complete Enya collection that I have.  I am so glad that this new work not only explores new approaches to her music but also did not disappoint me and is as wonderful as her most famous work.
B00000F1D3|1.0|More from the scary lady with the permanently, eerily, fixed smile across her face.  A result of too much plastic surgery...?  After &quot;Believe&quot; was played about one hundred times, it began to get tiring.  After Cher's &quot;performance&quot; of the song consisted of one hip-wiggle and then retiring (most probably to drink condensed milk) it became more tiring.  Now, after bombarding us with incessant dance beats, each sounding exactly the same - I'm asleep.  There are more talented divas out there, there are more talented singers out there.  Heck, there are more talented Barbie dolls out there!  Terrible.
B000002I25|5.0|With all the pundits hailing the Beatles and the Stones as the sole brokers between pop music and the classical ethic, The Doors didn't so much burst onto the scene in early (pre-LMF)'67 as slink their way into that hallowed circle by doing what no other American hard rock band had done up to that point: they reclaimed the grit and dark rail rumble of the blues, dolled it up in everything from a raga-rhapsody to a J.S. Bach-analian stomp and dared to be literate in under an hour. For this, of course, they were branded as pretentious and shameless Philosophy 101 shtickmeisters, but much of the nay-saying came from those who probably thought Brecht-Weill meant broken tire in German, anyway. So, having redefined the role of teutonic oom-pap-pah in modern music, Ray Manzarek's keyboard bass proved that, yes, Bill Wyman's function could be relegated to a single brilliant left hand, while Ray's right hand devised contrapuntal organ swirls that plowed the baroque formulae into a final telegraphic wail; meanwhile, Robbie Krieger's guitar forays began posting brilliant career clues to everyone from Carlos Santana to Adrian Belew. John Densmore, hands like a river gambler, played Russian roulette between elegance and bombast and defined percussive stereo for drummers yet unborn. And Jim Morrison. Renegade word-arsonist.  Plaintive moon-crier, soon to be stilled. &quot;The days are bright/and fill'd with pain/Enclose me in your gentle rain&quot;. He could create a world in a couplet, he could flesh out a silhouette with his whisper. The Doors' first album is exactly that: a somber outline given sudden form, a midnight window shock; a distant figure lit by lightning on a barren plain, dancing as the flood comes down.
B00004Z4WQ|4.0|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
0399230033|5.0|We checked this book out of the library for our 18-month old.  She loves it, but we're buying it because my husband and I decided we simply must own it for ourselves.  The illustrations are absolutely irresistable.  Every time we read it with our daughter, we find another detail to point out to her and chuckle over.  I also agree with the reviewer who noted this book is ideal for the &quot;interactive&quot; reading style the experts now recommend for young children.  The book is short on text but long on charm and imagination for children and grownups.
B000002UW1|5.0|The fact that this lp has often been cited as 1 of, if not THE, best albums of the 1980s matters little if it doesn't do it for you. Well it certainly did for me, a favourite when I was about 15, &amp; my 1st experience w/ a 4-track recorder was a twisted attempt @ It's The End of the World As We Know It [&amp; I Feel Fine]. That song w/ it's non-stop barrage of stream-of-[un]consciousness verses &amp; catchy chorus is a good enough reason to own this, what backs it up are the non-singles, I played Document on random recently for the 1st time in a while, somehow the player avoided the big hits The One I Love &amp; ITEOTWAWKI&amp;IFF, lesser known gems like King of Birds, Disturbance @ the Heron House, Oddfellows Local 151, Exhuming McCarthy [complete w/ typewriter intro &amp; marching beat for political mockery], &amp; the other single &amp; big opener Finest Worksong, once described by Thom Yorke [whose band supported REM later on in 1995] as very empowering, a reason to get up in the morning etc. The tune Lightnin' Hopkins does not sound like the old blues songer, a whole bunch of odd modern beats &amp; echoing background vox from Mike Mills, whilst Stipe screams out. In the scheme of things, Document moved on from the obscureness of Murmur [brilliant as it was] to reach a greater audience w/o selling out in the process [though it could be said they did later]. 1 of their or anybody's best.
0399230033|5.0|We checked this book out of the library for our 18-month old.  She loves it, but we're buying it because my husband and I decided we simply must own it for ourselves.  The illustrations are absolutely irresistable.  Every time we read it with our daughter, we find another detail to point out to her and chuckle over.  I also agree with the reviewer who noted this book is ideal for the &quot;interactive&quot; reading style the experts now recommend for young children.  The book is short on text but long on charm and imagination for children and grownups.
B000002U82|5.0|I get goosbumps just listening to the beauty of Gilmore's guitar playing.  The sound quality of this album is way ahead of its time.  The orgasmic singing of Clare Torry is amazing.  This is truely Pink Floyds finest work ever.
0679879269|2.0|I really wanted to like &quot;Amber Spyglass&quot; - especially since I had so much time and emotion invested in the first two books. Sadly, the third book is a complete train wreck which dissolves in philosophical gobbledygook, glaring logical inconsistencies, continuity errors, and &quot;cheats&quot; as the author introduces new rules at the last minute to tie-up his loose ends. The overall feeling is that Pullman must have written the first two books without having a clear idea how he was going to wrap it all up, or what he really wanted to say. As a result, we have characters saying things like &quot;When you said (something in Book Two), you really meant exactly the opposite, didn't you?&quot;, or doing something absolutely impossible and saying &quot;I'll tell you how I did that someday, but the time isn't yet right.&quot; Oh, brother. That's not a character speaking - that's a desperate author speaking. It's telling that after reading all three books in the &quot;His Dark Materials&quot; trilogy, I still don't know what that title means. Who is the &quot;His&quot; referring to? What are the &quot;Dark Materials?&quot;<br />I could get into more specifics, but I don't want to include &quot;spoilers&quot; for anyone who's going to read this book; obviously some people have enjoyed it...if you're not a critical, thoughtful reader, maybe you'll be one of them. For anyone else - don't waste your time.
B000002WYT|4.0|I am a huge DMB fan.  Crash includes some of their best work and the coolest jazz rock sounds that they do best.  Why do I give them just four stars then?  I'm not trashing this album a bit I just wanted to get your attention to advise you to buy their live work.  The energy within DMB playing live is some of the best music I have ever heard.  So if you are planing on buying a Dave album (which I highly recomend doing) I would say to get some of their live work (preferably &quot;Listener Supported&quot; my favorite).
0553277472|4.0|The author and his son Chris travel from Minnesota to California by motorcycle.  At first they are accompanied by another couple, but, a bit later, father and son are left to continue their journey alone.  Throughout the trip, the author is deep in thought which is reflected in the paucity of communication with his son and more communication with himself alone.<br />A reader involved with this book must either have great fortitude or a fervent interest in philosophy to make it to the end of the story.  Despite its haunting quality, its philosophic meanderings are often overwhelming for the casual reader.  Best reserved for a reader who likes to \\"work\\" at reading, ZEN AND THE ART OF MOTORCYCLE MAINTENANCE, is a sad but profound story of philosophic theory, mental illness, and a father-son relationship which will leave a deep impression on those willing it struggle through it.
B000002J1U|5.0|I don't understand why there are the harsh reviews on this album.  In my opinion this is one of the best Zeppelin albums ever.  Page's soloing and free-flowing playing in &quot;Since I've Been Loving You&quot; makes it their best blues song.  If you are into the hard rock side of Zeppelin I wouldn't recomend this to you, but if you like the experimental side of Zeppelin I would HIGHLY recomend this album.
B00004YKSD|1.0|dated June 5, 2000, that no one has reviewed this movie from an unbiased standpoint --<br />Dude, I couldn't care less about Jim Morrison or his  &quot;doors&quot;  either way, so, rather unfortunately, I'm merely left with this movie that Oliver Stone dumped, like a pile of rubbish, on an unsuspecting world.  *The Doors*  features pretentious photography, time-lapse photography, jump-cut photography, murky photography, and downright MTV-inspired photography.  Stone even uses a Steadicam at various points, for Pete's sake.  The results are ugly, to be frank. <br />But forget all that; that's technical stuff, and may be overlooked as long as the subject matter is worth watching.  I'm afraid that Stone failed to make his case, here.  The question before the Court is:  &quot;Was a movie about Jim Morrison entirely necessary?&quot;  This movie, as evidence, would fail to convict.  Stone is preaching to a converted audience, presumably; an audience that knows all the ins and outs of the rock star's career, and he  (Stone)  expects us to fill in the blanks.  Hey, all I knew for sure about the guy is that he sang a song called  *Light My Fire*  in which he sounded rather like a Sinatra gone literally to pot.  The other reviwers here at Amazon assure me that Morrison was a serious Poet; that he was fearsomely well-read; that he should be regarded as an artist.  Well, in the first place, if he had been a REAL artist, he would now be recognized as such by critics -- so far, that notice has failed to occur.  Secondly, *The Doors*  does nothing to prove Morrison's artistic cred.  At any rate, we're offered a series of tawdry scenes where a celebrity behaves like . . . well, a celebrity.  That's simply not enough dramatic juice to keep me interested for 2+ hours.  Sorry.
0316286443|5.0|Kevyn Aucoin's third book, and it's his best yet. The book covers structure (face, skin, teeth), shape     (brows, lips, eyes), balance (light/light faces, light/dark faces, dark/light faces, dark/dark faces),   color, texture, and setting. The Face to Face section gives step-by-step instructions, aided by photos, to the everyday make-up routines of ordinary people, as well as a few famous faces. The next section of       the book, and my personal favorite, is Dimensions. Celebrities and some lesser-known faces are  transformed into beauties of the past (following the present setting of the last chapter). Tina Turner is  morphed into Cleopatra, Cher into Queen Isabella, Susan Sarandon in Bette Davis, even Gwyneth Paltrow    into James Dean. The final section of the book, Moving Forward, contains looks for the new millenium.    The past, present, future theme of the book keeps everything well-organized, while the great photos  and step-by-step illustrations keep everything bright. Kevyn Aucoin's openess to all kinds of looks is the  true core of the book, however. I recommend Making Faces to anyone who is ready for a look at eternal                                                          beauty.
B000002HPV|5.0|Have you ever heard an album that was so good that it made you feel, ahh I dont know quite the right word but naughty comes close. This is so good it make you want to smoke. When I first listened to it I was cleaning, and by the third song I was on the floor feeling overwhelmed by the depth of emotion that was in the music. I love all the music Bjork has done, but this one touched me the most. I cant say that its for everyone, but if you want something more then all the bubble gum stuff that is made readily available on TRL you will find this refreshing.
6303213650|5.0|Woah!  I was blown away when I first saw this on TNT late one night.  I now own the video, soundtrack, screenplay, and even a hoola hoop because I LOVE THIS MOVIE SO MUCH!  Everything in this movie is magical: the sets, the dialogue, the characters, the music...... everything.  The Coen Brothers' second best film, in my opinion (right after Fargo).  If you want an incredibly surreal, fun, &quot;what the?&quot; afternoon, watch this movie.  Don't expect anything but to be entertained.
6304602979|5.0|Clarence Wirly, (Cristian Slater) is a comic book/Elvis fan who meets his soulmate during Sonny Chiba double feature. Call girl Alabama, (Patricia Arquette)is involved with a lot of &quot;bad  people&quot; namely a vindictive pimp,(Gary Oldhman). Couple fall in love immediately and decide to marry. Clarence decides it's his obligation to notify Oldhman of his wife's resignation. Instantly the viewer develops an admiration for the undying love that the two young adults share. The pair become fugitives after they accidentally receive the property of &quot;bigger badder people&quot;. Clarence and Alabama are up against the wall in this love story that combines, violence,treachery and unyielding action. If you love this movie, hopefully you can share it with your significant other and recite the words. This movie is that good!!!!!!Look for  a cameo featuring Samuel L. Jackson, who if you don't watch closely you won't see. Fantastic one on one scene featuring Dennis Hopper and Christopher Walken, who sizzle with accusatory dialogue complete with timely humor. Pre-Tony Soprano, James Gandolfini heats up the screen with a brutal bathroom scene featuring Arquette and a lot of glass!!!!!!Brad Pitt is in a constant haze of smoke while perpetually layed out on the couch in a reefer stupor....These actors easily slide into their characters, especially Val Kilmer, clad in Elvis garb posing as Clarence's confident alter ego. Clarence seeks the guidance of Elvis when faced with unbeatable odds. We all know what happens in a good love story and this one lives up to the reputation.
B00003CXN4|5.0|&quot;For a kid my age, it's a lot easier to get drugs than alcohol.&quot; One of the most poignant and powerful lines in a movie in recent years belongs to a young teenager in Traffic.  This quote addresses  the very hopelessness of the drug problem between the U.S. and Mexico, which is ingeniously illustrated in Steven Soderberg's real-life epic.  This film beautifully demonstrates the aforementioned problem from four different points of view. There's the U.S. high-office officials, in charge of drug policy represented by Michael Douglass and his family, the U.S. middle-class law enforcement (Luis Miguel, Don Chedle), the Mexican law enforcement (Benecio Del Toro) and the rich top-of-the-drug-chain suburbanites (Catherine Zeta Jones).  Each segment is filmed in it's own different style; the scenes in Mexico all have a dirty, yellow, grainy look to imply Mexico as the bottom rung of the drug ladder, while the scenes filmed in Washington D.C. have a cool, steel-blue tint, possibly to suggest a sterile, drug-free environment.  The film is meticulously assembled to convey just how hopeless the drug situation is, and that no matter how much money we spend, or how many policies we adopt, there will always be illegal drug running. The acting is astonishing, as every performance is nailed to perfection.  The film is technically effective, as most of the scenes were filmed with a hand-held camera by Soderberg himself, giving the film a semi-documentary feel.  This film is a perfect illustration of the problems faced by the U.S. and Mexico in regards to the illegal drug trade, and how bleak the future looks for getting the problem resolved.  However, by the end, the movie also illustrates that at least some of the battles can be won, if not the war.
B00001QGPR|2.0|This album is one of the most morose, dark, and just plain boring collection of songs I have heard in a long time.  I don't know if Bowie was trying to be &quot;deeper&quot; than usual, or if he was suffering from some deep depression when he recorded the material, or what, but I did not enjoy listening to this very much.  I have every album Bowie has put out, including some imports and hard-to-find selections, and this one rates pretty much at the bottom of my list.  Too bad -- some of the songs really had some potential, but they went nowhere in my book.
6304240554|5.0|Simply the best horror film of all time.
B00000JCB2|3.0|Well, I used to like Limp Bizkit, and now I don't, I guess I've changed for the better.  After much reflection, though, I realized this album isn't really that bad.  A few of the tracks are pretty good, namely \\"No Sex\\" and \\"Just Like This\\".  There's a lot better stuff out there, but Limp Bizkit isn't really as bad as everyone says they are.
B00003CXN4|5.0|Easily the best movie of the year, Traffic exemplifies the art of a movie.  Weaving three complicated, taut stories dealing with the drugs was ambitious and almost flawlessly done.  Superb acting and incredible editing make this movie so much better than say a Clear and Present Danger type of movie.  I love the low-grade film and the different hues used for each story.  The only negative and it is a small one is that each story evolves rather slowly.  It didn't distract from the power and incredible screenplay.  $7.00 well spent!!
B0000027RL|5.0|Although this CD does not contain Pearl Jam's best songs, it certainly has the most popular songs on in, like Alive, Black and Even Flow.<br />I do thinks these are great songs, but this CD has more value than just these songs. Songs like &quot;Once&quot; and &quot;Porch&quot; (check this one out live) are just fabulous. It shows that PJ really has talent.<br />If you like the harder songs on this CD, check out &quot;Vitalogy&quot; and &quot;No Code&quot;, and &quot;Dirt&quot;, a CD by Alice in chains. Pearl Jam live CDs are really great to. Take a look at the Fila Forum, Milan, Italy album, it shows the power of PJ live best.
6305903182|3.0|WARNING! SPOILERS AHEAD! DON'T READ UNLESS YOU'VE SEEN THE FILM! <br />It's not Hitchcock. It's not as good as the first two. The finale of the &quot;Scream&quot; movies is still as good as it could possibly be. What can you expect from a script that was being re-written everyday? I expected much less and got much more. The great thing with this &quot;final chapter to the trilogy&quot; is that it doesn't seem like a sequel. Yeah, it's tired, but it stands on its own more than the other two films. It's as if &quot;Scream&quot; and &quot;Scream 2&quot; were horror movies and now &quot;Scream 3&quot; is a suspence movie. The sad thing about it is two major flaws: First, the killer gets lucky by having his victims run into the very room he's in, or the killer disappearing after being shot and someone comes in causing you to think they're the killer. Things just worked out too unrealisticly. Second, the killer fakes his death to throw off the audience watching, but why does he do it story wise? Ah, you see. <br />It is still a great mystery and a great acting job on Neve Campbell's part. Gale Weathers lost her nerve and is less bitchy this time, which is sad as well. But the film, over all, is as good as can be expected.
0767830555|5.0|This is a classic which no DVD collector should be with out.
B000000OSO|2.0|This is by far my LEAST favorite Aerosmith Album (and thats including Rock in a Hard Place). Mind you, I have nothing against &quot;new Aersomith&quot; or &quot;Hit songs&quot; and in fact think G.A.G.'s follow up, 9 lives, and the new Just Press Play are two of their best albums. Get a Grip has a few high points (Eat the Rich, Get a Grip, Amazing, Walk on Down) but it never really works as an album. The band sounds as if it wants to do something other than what their label was forcing them to do and the result sounds like a lot of filler. With few exceptions, the Joe Perry factor (bombastic, loud, swankey guitar rock) is at a minimum.  If your looking for examples of what makes later-day Aerosmith great look to Just Press Play, 9 Lives or PUMP before stopping here. Better yet sit down with the older albums Get Your Wings, Toys in the Attic, or Rocks. Get a grip has some good songs on it - but there are better places to start.
0385474547|2.0|All right, I ran out of time to finish the review, so I continue now.  This book was long and drawn out to an unnecessary point.  It was kind of like reading the J.R. Tolkien where the Counsel of Elron (sorry, I have forgotten the spelling over time) takes up the first half of the book.  This book takes 20-some chapters to get to the information that is the basis of the book.  Moving on to grammar, the sentences appear short and choppy, or long and winding, kind of like Dickens, but without the literary intelligence.  The lingo (African Words) was well defined, however, the constant switching back and forth between the lingo and English definitions was distracting, and frankly irritating. As previously mentioned, the ending (which was so beyond depressing) seemed to make a better epilogue to me.  It would have been far better organized to have the last chapter or two as an epilogue, and it would have, in my opinion, made a far better ending.  In my way, the story could have ended in a higher note by temporarily defeating the encroaching religion.
B00003CX6P|3.0|You should definitely rent this movie for two major reasons: the glorious scenery and ambiance of Italy during the 50s. And for the star-making role of Dickie, performed unforgettably by Jude Law. As Anthony Minghella says in an interview on the DVD disc, Law is so incredibly charismatic and ravishing that only he could have played the fickle, mesmerizing,sensuous Dickie. The story is so far-fetched as to be completely unbelievable. Without giving away the plot, how was the Matt Damon character able to continue playing another character that long without being found out? Damon is completely miscast. He's too narrow and nerdy and withdrawn to ever attract the attention of some of the male characters. Gwynyth Paltrow has a throw-away role of the naive American girlfriend of Dicky's. At the end of the movie, everyone's upset with Dicky because he's a suspect in the murder of a close friend. Yet, no one, including the police, think it strange that he's not around to answer any questions. Didn't they have newspaper photographers back then to snap pictures of murder suspects. Does anyone think that even in that more innocent time, Ripley could have gotten away with murder so long and not been found out? Still, entertaining eye candy and one prays that Jude Law will be starred now in a big, glamorous Hollywood flick. Because when he vanishes halfway through this movie, the major interest for watching it vanishes, too.
6305907145|5.0|personally, i thought this movie was very good. i haven't read the book and therefore do not know if it strays from the original novel as other reviewers have said, but in my opinion the plot was intriguing and well-written. true the slave parts were a bit morbid as when tom's pictures are shown, and i suppose some of these scenes could have been omitted. but the romantic life of the heroine fanny price was moving. you found yourself wanting her with edmund then when henry started showing nobler intentions you thought maybe he was the one, then you went back to edmund again after henry had an affair with mariah. the confusion was what added to the quality of this movie. all in all i'd recommend this to all people who like a romantic period comedy, i wasn't disappointed and i hope you won't be either.
B000002AH7|4.0|This is a favorite of many Miles fans, and for good reason, it's an impressionistic yet accessible introduction to the Miles canon.  It features what some might call \\"classical\\" orchestrations, though this is misleading: The term is too broad. It's probably more precise to trace the album to impressionist composers such as Ravel and Debussy.<br />The long, \\"classical\\" piece, \\"Concierto de Aranjuez (16 minutes, 14 seconds),\\" is the one most often criticized. To call it \\"elevator music\\" is ridiculous, but the composition is heavy on orchestration and much too light on improvisation. Although there's a nice tempo break at one point, it doesn't demand much of us-this may appeal to some listeners, but I found it somewhat dry and ascetic.  Still, it sometimes conveys a poignant delicacy. The \\"long form\\" in jazz has always been problematic; I don't think this piece is wholly successful, but will probably be enjoyed by most. The last cut, \\"Solea\\" (see below) is a better long piece, with more tension and texture.<br />\\"Will O' the Wisp\\" is a much shorter (3:48) piece but involves Miles a little more than \\"Concierto.\\"  The middle section is superb, replete with dissonance and Miles' beautiful tone.  \\"The Pan Piper\\" (3:57) is similar but more brooding, with Miles layering thoughtful lines against flutes and violins. IT features excellent dynamics and the economical expression of great emotion that are Davis trademarks. The march-influenced \\"Saeta\\" (4:57) has a wonderful \\"Moorish\\" sound to it, and Miles does some tremendous blowing against a simple background of percussion, strings, and horns. This is a superb example of contained energy.<br />The final composition \\"Solea\\" (12:08) is a more fully realized attempt at long forms.  Miles' burnished tone and rhythmic variation, the lush orchestration, percussive effects, and the tension between horn and background offer more drama, texture, and color than does \\"Concierto.\\" Davis and Evans sustain our attention throughout the entire piece.<br />Is it worth buying? Certainly (and I'm reviewing the older version without the added tracks).  Although I find the similarly atmospheric \\"In a Silent Way\\" (and \\"Kind of Blue\\") more compelling, this is well worth your time and money.  (Note: Liner notes include commentary on the material, but nothing on personnel or recording dates.) Subdued yet challenging enough to capture your imagination.e piece.<br />Is it worth buying? Certainly (and I'm reviewing the older version without the added tracks).  Although I find the similarly atmospheric \\"In a Silent Way\\" (and \\"Kind of Blue\\") more compelling, this is well worth your time and money.  (Note: Liner notes include commentary on the material, but nothing on personnel or recording dates.) Subdued yet challenging enough to capture your imagination.
0375703764|1.0|This is the most pretentious piece of junk I've ever read. Why Danielewski could not just write a compelling novel about the Navidson house and leave out all the footnotes to show off his knowledge of semiotics and other relatively obscure fields is beyond me. DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME! YUCKA!
B000001PE0|5.0|Next to Saxophone Colossus, don't pass up this recording if you want excellent Rollins for your collection. Years ago, I bought this on a recommendation from a friend. Having never listened to Rollin's before, I was pretty floored! I still am every time I listen to it, which (at least to me), is a testament to the recording's magic and longevity.  <br />Rollins was absolutely incandecent on &quot;Come, Gone&quot; and &quot;There is No Greater Love&quot;. He also really injects some very wry, swinging humor into his renditions of &quot;I'm An Old Cowhand&quot;, &quot;Wagon Wheels&quot; and &quot;Way Out West&quot;.  The man's artistic genius and humanity really shine in this recording.  Highly recommended!
B00000DGUG|4.0|I have appreciated Alanis Morissette's public persona ever since she burst onto the scene several years ago with Jagged Little Pill. A less than beautiful young singer-songwriter who was provocative, exuded feminist angst and still managed to be very sexy. My favorite track from that first cd was &quot;You Learn&quot;. It seemed like an exceptionally world-wise but not world-weary lyric for such a young songwriter. Her second cd is a worthy sophomore effort. Alanis makes it clear that she has a lot to say and is not afraid to spill it all - even her deepest thoughts and insecurities. Song lyrics tend to work best when they resemble the structure of poetry. Sometimes a song with a prose-like structure can be effective, but a little of this goes a long way, and she uses it more than a little here. Perhaps the skill she is most in need of improving is that of editing. Some  of the songs seem a little longer than they need to be, and that could be said of the cd as a whole. There are some definite gems though. Every third track seems to stand out to me. Track 3 - Thank U, 6- That I Would Be Good, 9- UR, and 12- Would Not Come are excellent. That I Would Be Good is worth the price of admission all by itself. It opens with a clear bell strumming guitar and Alanis singing plaintively &quot;That I would be good even if I did nothing&quot; and crescendoes to her patented wail &quot;even if I lost sanity&quot; and ends with her breathy flute playing. If this one doesn't bring tears to your eyes, you might want to think about seeing a heart specialist, Mr. Grinch
0140042520|4.0|I had to read this book for a political theory class in college, and it is really a great book for mostly anyone.  If you're looking for a serious plot or storyline, you wont find it in this book.  What you will find, is a well written narrative of a period of American history that is forgotten to many.  Its a book that will leave a peacefull feeling with you, and will also make you think about whats really important in life.  Kerouac makes you want to pack up and see the country.  I read On the Road after this, and actually liked The Dharma Bums better.  If you like travel, nature, poetry, or American history, this book is a must read.
B000050XEI|5.0|This album confirms her style; it is what we have come to expect from her.  But, in this release I feel that she has refined her style to be unequivocally Enya.  I hope she never changes; I could listen for hours!
0553573403|1.0|I was very excited to start reading this series. My friend gave it a good recommendation, and all of the online reviews were pretty good. So... what are you people smoking?<br />Four characters are worth liking, Tyrion, Bran, Eddard, and Robb. Two of them are now dead as of the third book. Almost everyone in every family has been killed off. I can understand wanting unpredictable books, but he's writing for the sole purpose of being upredictable. In order for a book to be good, it must have a character you can identify with, or at least really liked. Oops, sorry they're dead. Hey, I know! We'll try another character and get latched on to him. WHAT?! he's dead too? Ya don't say!<br />Meanwhile... 3,000 pages later... we have no king, or maybe a surplus of kings, and the main bad guys are just now getting around to attacking. At least in the Wheel of Time the forsaken attacked in the first book (even if they did come back to life later). Yawn, Yawn, and a little more Yawn. You have to give me something to work with here, maybe some little clue that there is going to be excitement. And no, my idea of excitement is NOT to kill off all of the main characters and start with fresh ones. That doesn't work.<br />Doesn't matter... I have read the reviews of people who slam Jordan's book 9... who say they haven't liked it since book 3. I'm not so hopelessly idiotic as these particular braindead people, I will not continue to read this series. It is officially a waste of my time.
B0000508U6|5.0|This is one of the best CDs that I have heard by a group from the &quot;post-boomer&quot; rock generation.  Excellent acoustic rock and lyrics -- this is a great listen!  Too bad there are no lyrics inside the CD, though.  Coldplay -- keep the good stuff comin' -- we'll keep buying the CDs!
B0000541AM|4.0|Even though it was made in 1979, Walter Hill's 'The Warriors' is still enjoyable to watch.  This well-made film deals with many issues that are common with today's urban gangs.  It does glorify it a lot but it does make you think.<br />I heard about gang violence breaking out when 'The Warriors' was originally released in theatres.  In 1988, there was talk about gang riots being associated with the release of the film 'Colors'.  I think it was nothing but a publicity stunt.<br />I'm glad that this film along with with past great films are being released on DVD.  There is one thing that disappoints me:<br />The film has an aspect of 1:85.1 even though the widescreen aspect ratio is described as 'anamorphic'.
B00004U8P3|5.0|I'd  give  it  more  then  5  stars  if  I  could-  Sam  Neil,  Laura  Dern  and  Jeff  Goldblum  are  the  best  actors(actress) ever!
B000002H2H|5.0|I originally bought S&amp;M but eventually started buying the albums. This one is my favorite. It has everything from the heavy thrash metal they're known for to the slow moving ballad known as the classic Fade To Black. Here are my ratings on the songs:<br />&quot;Fight Fire With Fire&quot; - Great metal with a classical guitar intro. Love the explosion at the end.<br />&quot;Ride The Lightning&quot; - My 2nd favorite song on the CD and one of my alltime fave Metallica songs. Excellent song about electric chair execution.<br />&quot;For Whom The Bell Tolls&quot; - Best song on the CD. One of Metallica's classics. Heavy all the way and the bells at the beginning make it that much greater<br />&quot;Fade To Black&quot; - Excellent ballad with a heavy instrumental chorus. Made way for other metal acts to play slower songs. A true achievement.<br />&quot;Trapped Under Ice&quot; - A song about being, well, trapped under ice. Another great one. Catchy chorus with an excellent heavy beat.<br />&quot;Escape&quot; - The albums only &quot;weak link&quot; (if you can call it that). It's a good song but it doesn't really have anything to make it great. The end is pretty good but that's about it.<br />&quot;Creeping Death&quot; - Still a concert fave to this day. The original recording may lack the bang it carries in concert, but is awesome nonetheless. <br />&quot;The Call of the Ktulu&quot; - Excellent instrumental based on an old H.P. Lovecraft short story. You can almost understand the story by listening to the musical rendition. However, if you want to really hear it, get the S&amp;M version.<br />Well that's my review on my favorite Metallica CD. I hope you enjoy it as much as I do. Thanks for reading.
0783211856|5.0|People have written quite a bit on how wonderful this movie is, so I suppose there isn't much for me to add. The haunting images, the haunting music...I last saw this movie a few years ago, and I can still feel my throat tighten when I think of certain scenes. Not to short-change Liam Neeson and Ben Kingsley (who are magnificent), but I must mention that Ralph Fiennes is absolutely convincing and terrifying in this movie. (I read that he was so convincing that the Holocaust survivors on the set refused to shake his hand.) His portrait of a man without values (or, perhaps more accurately, with his own, warped values) is a triumph that lingers and that makes you wonder how the existence of such a man is possible within the realm of humanity.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Yes you could mistake this for their 80s material, it's that good. But there is something different about it, I just can't put my finger on it.(I don't mean Janick Gers) Let us hope that they manage to crank out more like this one! Personal favs: Ghost of the Navigator,The Fallen Angel, The Nomad, but the whole cd is nothing short of a masterpiece!
B00001NFCY|5.0|I just finished reading many reviews of Creed's &quot;Human Clay&quot; CD. I am just sitting here wondering what is going through some of your heads! <br />I started listening to Creed about 9 months ago and I attended a concert of theirs about a month ago. I have to say they &quot;ROCK&quot;!<br />I have never heard someone sing with such power and emotion the way Scott Stapp does. He and his fellow band mates are hands down the best group around right now. Congratulations guys! Hard work really does pay off!
B000051VWW|5.0|Sade's &quot;Lover's Rock&quot; will rock your soul. It's best played when you are trying to relax. Her smooth voice will change your mood. Great CD; 5 stars.
0671578642|5.0|It's fair to call this (the second in the series) a very pivotal book, because the main character's entire future is completely transformed by its events.  While the books are designed to stand alone well enough, the only way to understand some of the key relationships is to read them in sequence.<br />Religious and gender issues come to the forefront here, with Honor experiencing attitudes almost unheard of in her homeland.  This is the only part of the book that is questionable in its consistency:  Honor's emotional reaction to the situation is a little too emotional for someone supposedly raised in such an egalitarian society.  Even allowing for a couple of very bad experiences in her career, and that words can hurt some people more than pulser fire, I can't see a character as strong as Honor taking her ball and going away--even briefly--just because the nasty sexists are rude to her.  She's too strong a woman for that.  However, that said, the remainder of the personal interaction picture in the book is creative, sensible and richly interesting.  Weber is not afraid to have permanent consequences to characters and no one's future and health, not even Honor's, are certain.<br />Although Weber takes an awkward turn once in awhile, this is still some of the most engrossing space opera out there--especially in terms of a well-developed heroine who enjoys a growing position of authority and respect.  This series will be of special interest to persons of the Christian faith; while the opening pages of this book make you think that you're on the way down the path of stereotyping, as the portrait of Grayson develops, even someone of entirely different beliefs (such as myself) comes to respect and like a lot about Graysons and their faith.  Good stuff.
0394800184|5.0|The first time I read this book I was skeptical if my kids would like it.  After all, the cover isn't exciting and it looked like an old book.  Boy was I ever wrong. They hung on every word and loved it so much that they have asked me to read it every day since at least once. My son even said it was his favorite book!  This is the only book that they even talk about when we are not reading.  A classic book for toddlers!
6305327084|4.0|I rented this movie because i heard so much about it and after renting it i decided to purchase the DVD. Its one of those films that you can watch over and over again. I think the characters are a bit exagerrated but very entertaining. I dont think it deserves an Oscar or anything but i think the storyline portrays a realistic depiction of guys and that they are somewhat shallow but we ultimately just want &quot;something beautful&quot;. All the charaters in the movie keep your interest, all the characters are looking for one thing and every single one is scared to commit to a women. Which is almost every guys fear, but in the end everyone seems to figure out what is most important. Find out for yourself. Rent it or buy it but for sure see it or all your friends will laugh at you because you havent seen it.
6305807426|4.0|With better overall cinematography, and more sinister music, I think I actually like &quot;Inferno&quot; better than &quot;Suspiria.&quot; I know someone is going to have a death warrant out on me now, but I have to say that the Goblin soundtracks for &quot;Deep Red&quot; and &quot;Suspiria&quot; sometimes JUST DIDN'T WORK. They are interesting, true, but never really help scare me. I am a very traditional as far as soundtracks go (among my faves are the soundtracks of Danny Elfman, and Worjech Kelar's soundtrack to &quot;Bram Stoker's Dracula&quot;), so the piano-and-string scary music Keith Emerson arranged for &quot;Inferno&quot; is just right. Also, the story in &quot;Inferno&quot; also actually explains the Three Mothers, which &quot;Suspiria&quot; did not. In addition, there were more scares in &quot;Inferno&quot; than in &quot;Suspiria&quot;. There were actually scenes that made me catch my breath. On the other hand, the main characters, for the most part, are very boring and shallow. But isn't that the case in most Argento films? I loved the story concept, lighting, the camera shots, the surreal situations, and outrageous murders. See this movie.
B0000027RL|4.0|Without question, this CD packs a sonic and emotional punch, right from the start. Anthemic and bombastic, it was a worthwhile addition to my collection, and certainly it is easy to for me to understand all the five star ratings. Songs like 'Once' or 'Evenflow' can get into your head and not leave. Well then, why only four here?? I think this album is lacking  in the creativity and musical diversity from song to song required for a true 5 star classic (in my book, anyway) - the raw power and emotion almost make up for it but this one will never be a real favorite of mine. Or maybe it is just different tastes and all that, I guess...but I must say, 20 stars compared to Creed's 'Human Clay'...
B00004XQ83|5.0|Saw the movie and the music was wonderful.  Although an avid movie goer very seldom do I buy the soundtrack but this soundtrack was the exception.  Music takes you away to a different era of our past and leads you through the movie so smoothly.  Would definitely recommend the movie and CD.
0345350499|4.0|I am quite obsessed with the legends about King Arthur and that sort of thing, and I have tried to read nearly every book written about the subject (needless to say, I haven't yet.)  I thought that The Mists of Avalon could not possibly be as good as The Once and Future King.  I was wrong.  This is one of the best books ever written.  You should read it immediately if you haven't!  I especialy enjoyed the way that it focused on the women of the legend, mainly Morgaine and Gwynhwfar, instead of the men.  There's only so much you can take of that bloody idiot Lancelot without feeling very annoyed.  Luckily, this book skipped almost all of the shining chivalrous deeds and focused on the real people.  Morgaine is the best character; she is usually portrayed as evil, but not here.  Gwynhwfar, though, by the end of the book I was wishing she would fall off a high wall or have another terrible death.  I don't feel that she got her just desserts.  Oh well, you can't please everybody.  The only thing I didn't like about this book was the obsession with sex.  I mean, some romance is necessary, but the author way overdid it (thus the four stars.) However, this is a great book, and I definitely recommend it.
B00000I07Q|5.0|After listening to this album all the way through I have only got one thing to say.......BON JOVI ROCKS!!!!
B000002UKS|4.0|a great CD that features consummate production, great songwriting and generally just ROCKS!  this is also one of the loudest (a shout out to Spinal Tap) CD's you'll ever put in your CD player.  you engineers know what i'm talkin about.  anyway, hats off to Grohl (sp?) and company.  their latest is also worth checking out, although not as loud... <br />&quot;i like that Rock and Roll music but sometimes it hurts my ears.&quot;
B000006TRV|5.0|I've read easily over 100 reviews for &quot;The Wall&quot;, Pink Floyd's master album and one of the most ambitious attempts at a rock album ever attempted.  There are two waging factions in this musical war: some think this is one of Pink Floyd's weakest album, a Waters solo effort, and a collection of weak songs loosly strung together.  Others believe this is the defining album in rock history, and I happen to agree with the latter.  Pink Floyd's &quot;The Wall&quot; is what Sgt. Pepper was to the Beetles.  A collection of riveting tunes on 2 discs bridge the story of Roger Waters and his person hell.  We are allowed to travel through the world through his eyes, seeing his pain, his hatred, and his triumph at the end.  Each song pushes the story along, from the rock anthem &quot;In the Flesh?&quot;, to the haunting lyrics of &quot;Comfortably Numb&quot;, and finally, the crazy sounds and evilness of &quot;The Trial&quot;.  As for those who think Vera Lynn is the weak song on the album, you must know the background of the album before you can judge the song.  This album helped me get through a love gone wrong, and a heart broken.  And do you know why?  Because each time something happened to me, I read it as just another brick in my wall.  Pink Floyd will live forever, and so will &quot;The Wall&quot;.
B00003CXDG|3.0|the fight scenes, car chases, special effects and action in this movie are top notch.  the plot, like most 007 films, is irrelevant and pretty much non-existent.  unlike MI1, this plot is barely noticeable but you really don't care because the directing and effects are super-duper.  if you enjoyed Matrix, then you should find this to be entertaining.<br />&quot;my one regret in life was that i was never a banker&quot;
B00000337U|4.0|It is very hard to describe the talents of Keith Jarrett and Gary Burton by one word since each of their play covers  from traditional Jazz to folk rock or even classical music.  However, as a big fan of both musicians (especially Keith), let me state that this is a great album.  You will feel pleasure of listening of their musical collaboration.  Listen to \\"Como En Vietnam\\".  Each time I hear it, I cannot deny that I become excited about their play.  Keith, Gary, and the bassist Steve Swallow inspired each other and made a real creation in this tune.  If you like either Keith Jarrett or Gary Burton, I personally believe that you should not miss the chance to hear their great collaboration in this album.
B00004Z4WR|2.0|but worth seeing for the nice cars and Angelina Jolie...who is quite hot.  Nicholas Cage does his typical thing.  one nice touch is the casting of Robert Duvall, who is good in almost everything he's in, as Cage's mentor and coordinator of the 'crew' pulling off all the car jobs.  there are a few funny scenes and maybe one original car chase scene.  don't rent this if your wife/girlfriend/mate/significant other/partner wants a chick flick...
B00003CXIY|3.0|This movie caught me off gaurd, it was much funnier than i thought it would be. I was rolling on the floor the first time i watched it. I did watch it a second time an dit lost a lot of punch, the humor relise on thing happening that are very unexpected, (most of which are dream sequences that become predictable i.e &quot;oh i bet he's dreaming again&quot;) I'm kind of upset i now own it, you may be better off renting it. <br />All in all a great party movie, the cut parts are pretty lame, and cut for good reason, the unrated parts are mostly closeups of women's breasts....
0767842693|5.0|I believe that this is my favorite film ever.  I've seen and experienced (through an extensive teenage-hood of working in video stores)a lot of films.  For some reason, this film captures a simplicity I hope to someday find.   It's in black and white, which usually is a turn-off for me, but there is something about the visual &quot;slowness&quot; that makes it perfect in this way....this film wouldn't be the same in color.   It's about love and desire and how the aches of life altering events alter ones' perspective.
B000001FY7|3.0|This album suffered mixed reviews largely because it followed a great album 'Exodus' and was seen as a weaker effort in comparison. Interesting though, because most of the songs for 'Kaya' came out of the same recording sessions that produced 'Exodus'.  I don't think it's weaker but it certainly is different. A whole album devoted to the exploration of love, joys of cooling out, and the beauty of nature. Sounds nice and it is. Light, upbeat reggae melodies 'Is this Love' 'Sun is shining' 'Satisfy my soul' 'Misty Morning' being the better of them. One or two 'message' tunes with more heavier rhythms such as 'Crisis' 'Running away' and 'Time will tell'. The last two supposedly relating to the attempt on his life (circa Exodus album). 'Running away' was Bob questioning his motives for splitting Jamaica after the shooting in December 1976, going into - you got it - Exodus! - for 18 months in England. 'Time will tell' is a rebuke of those in the system that created the violent environment &quot;Think you're in Heaven/But you're living in Hell&quot;. The album is simply a different mood for the Wailers. I happen to prefer the heavier, roots reggae rhythms so I'm just being moody by not giving it 4 stars.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Highlight eagle on Richard Harris' breastplate and you get the trailer to chicken run. <BR>---- <BR>Go to the storyboard for the Rhino scene that never made it into the film and when on the actual storyboards press up to highlight the Rhino on the first screen, this will take you to a computer generated Rhino which gives you a glimpse of what might have been. <BR>---- <BR>Go to the storybords menu on the extras disk select the Rhino story board. Once selected (storyboard shown) click up with your controler and hilight the rhino on the second board select it and voila a hidden menu with footage and other bits. <BR>---- <BR>On the second disc go into the \\"Cast & Crew Bios\\" section. Enter Ridley Scott's biography and on the last page when you run out of 'next' buttons hit 'right' on your contoller pad anyway and you will unlock a secret credits page for the DVD creators.
B000001FY5|5.0|What motivated Bob Marley to write some of his best lyrics, with strong spiritual content, messages of biblical condemnation for the wicked and biting criticism of the system and it's defenders? A complete album, some of his best work ever, and in contrast to earlier albums where there were always a few redone songs from his ska and rocksteady days, Exodus was mostly all new songs. Here you have an excellent mix - strong roots reggae rhythms on 'Natural Mystic' a Rasta grounation chant 'Heathen', a lighter dance tune 'Jammin', melodies such as 'One Love' and 'Three Little Birds' and two tracks that show Bob could have sung R&amp;B, soul, love songs namely 'Waiting in Vain' and 'Turn your lights down low'. The title track was unique. Never before had there been a reggae song sounding like it, (funky world beat) nor had a reggae song ever been so long - over 7 minutes, most were short, to the point 3-4 minute jobs. The album built on what had been achieved with the previous album - penetration of the US market, but significantly here 'Exodus' was the first Wailer tune to get extensive airplay on African-American radio. What was the creative force behind all of this? We know that ganja and scripture reading was the fuel for some of Bob's words of wisdom but this album (specifically the first 4 tracks) were forged in direct response to one specific incident that happened to him in late 1976.<br />Bob, Rita and the bands manager were at Bob's yard two nights before the 'Smile Jamaica' concert scheduled for December 5. The concert, featuring the Wailers, was to be held at the National Heroes Park in Kingston. It was conceived by Bob himself as a means of getting peoples minds off politics, which was the all consuming force in the Island at that time, with a general election coming up on December 16. Gunmen burst into the Marley house firing shots, all three were hit, Bob's manager five times, a shot grazed Bob's chest and hit his arm and Rita had one graze her skull. Whodid it and for what reason was never known as the gunmen were not identified nor caught. Politics was suspected. Although the Wailers were not supporters of party politics they could hardly be called apolitical as their criticisms of the system, inequality, injustices and oppression had always been central to their message. It's just that it was the strongest in the previous album. If that is what it was all about, rather than be subdued, Bob was stirred up and 'Exodus' was his creative response fueled by righteous rastafari anger. Bob himself says so in a line from 'Jammin' - 'No bullet can stop us now'. All in all an album of excellent musical expression.
6304698798|5.0|When I first saw this film, I was young and did not like it, but many years later, I gave it another try and realized what an in- credible masterpiece it is, I still think FOR A FEW DOLLARS MORE is the best of the three, this film is far the best on an enjoyable level. The dialogue is classic, especially coming from Eli Wallach's Tuco. BEST-  &quot;If you're going to shoot, shoot, don't talk&quot;!      The cinematography by Tonino delli Colli is superb. I have the letterboxed version from Laserdisc but am  going to buy the dvd for the trailer and the 14 minutes of deleted  scenes. If you are a Sergio Leone fan and Clint fan this film,  along with the other 2 are a must see.
6304117302|5.0|Me and Mr. Maltin finally agree on something. This movie is excellent. I highly encourage you to see this masterpiece of American History.
B000002P86|5.0|This cd again proves that it is great fun to play with B.B. King.  The man loves his music and brings out the best in people he performs with.  On this cd they are all superb musicians on their own .  There are some wonderful duos here.  The first cut with Van Morrison If You Love Me is the kind of soulful and moving vocal that Morrison can do so well.  Hearing Tracy Chapman do The Thrill is Gone is worth the price of the cd.  I could listen to it over and over.  There isn't a song on here that's a throwaway.  I even enjoy Keep It Coming with Heavy D and Rap is definitely not my thing.<br />This cd would be a good introduction to the blues.  We can see how many of these popular musicians have been influenced and moved by the blues.
B00004WIBW|5.0|This is an instant classic. A must see for anyone who is into a gothic type of movie. I also recomend the book.
0380713802|5.0|In this book, Bill Bryson retraces the path of his trip which he took with a friend in the 1970s. He runs into awkward moments, memorable moments, and, best of all, hilarious moments. Bryson has a way of describing funny incidents so that one laughs hard. For instance, he describes that after one party one night back on the 1970s trip, his friend got back, stumbled in, and &quot;urinated in the wastebasket [thinking it was the sink]&quot; Bryson could have used simpler words, but this line, if spoken, would probably be in a completely serious tone, either actually serious or faking it. Either way, this 'serious tone' line describing a hilarious instance makes it even more funny. Another thing that makes this book especially funny is the way Bryson talks to the audience. One example of this is when he is talking about one country sending out men to fight in the war. He says, &quot;they sent out eighty men, and, -you're going to like this- they came back with eighty-one, because they made a friend&quot; These qualities plus Bryson's funny descriptive style create an outstanding, hilarious travel book which I like a lot!
B00003CX8J|4.0|I really liked this movie at the theater and on DVD.  However, the additional 10 minutes of footage that is so prominently displayed and advertised on the DVD was very disappointing.  I watched the whole movie wondering what scenes were added only to realize later that the scenes were not part of the actual movie.  You can view the individual scenes seperately or change a setting on the DVD to let you know where an extra scene would have been and you can trigger it to play via remote but it does not match up.  The scenes themselves were pretty good, but I feel I was mislead by the advertising.
B000024D4R|5.0|Lost somewhere between the magnitude of Dark Side of the Moon, The Wall, and Wish You Where Here, Animals lays the foundation of  the dark, introspective lyric...  The beauty here is how clear the voice rings and how the clever metaphor melds with straight ahead opinion.    Listen to all of the new wave of Industrial Goth- NIN, Filter, Tool- even Radiohead- listen as Roger Waters echos like a template.  Listen to the work on Animals... dark, disturbing and supurb... Dark Side of the Moon is a studio marvel... Animals is a masterpiece found carved into last nights discarded napkin... two days after the funeral and a week after you realize that all you beg, borrow, and steal is tied to the job you hate...
B00003CX8J|5.0|i thought it was well done. all the actors and actress fitted the roles real well. the dvd is hot. i like all of the features. i am getting used to the letterbox edition. i just wished they an option to where you could switch it back and forth from letterbox to regular and vise versa. bryan singer did a real fantastic job. my fav is james marsden as cyclops. i thought the scenes were awesome. well i really liked it. i was waiting for the movie and the vhs and dvd to come out. i think it is #1 movie of all time with me.
B00005214X|4.0|This is what happens after sublimating your creative impulses for seven years because you're in a band with a couple songwriters named John and Paul (who happen to be THAT John and Paul)! Even by today's CD-length standards, when it's commonplace for first time no-name artists to release a 70+ minute opus right out of the box, George Harrison's 3-LP &quot;debut&quot; from the age of 40-minute vinyl albums remains quite a statement.Repackaged, remastered and ready for a re-appraisal, &quot;All Things&quot; passes with flying colors and still sounds surprisingly contemporary for a 30-year old collection.Harrison's bemused, refreshingly self-deprecating liner notes are an unexpected treat. The &quot;extra&quot; tracks are well chosen, the only misfire being the ill-advised &quot;My Sweet Lord 2000&quot;, which if anything, detracts from the charming naviete of the original. Despite the lofty company of his former bandmates, Harrison proved that he had nothing to be ashamed of as a songwriter with this release, and belongs in any serious rock collection.
6303192459|5.0|I watch Breakfast at Tiffany's once or twice in a year, everytime I have the same feeling, after it's finished. Sadness 'cause I don't live there those times, and relaxation like the same after a glass of warm milk.  I definitely suggest you should own this wideo.
0767802470|5.0|This is the best sub movie ever made.  It is accurate and gripping.  The sound in the DVD version is incredible.  Waves wash all around you from one corner of the room to the other.<br />The movie is best viewed with the English sub-titles because the English dialogue is not entirely accurate--it is close--but could have been better.  As others have said, you probably won't be bothered much by reading the sub-titles--the movie is that good--it makes a mockery of the recently released U-571.  The DVD also has a  decent amount of extras that are worth watching.<br />Don't miss this one.
006097625X|5.0|The benefits this book brings to understanding the comic artform is innumerable as aready stated in multiple reviews.  What I want to emphasize is that it brings about a whole new appreciation of the visual arts in general. I was particularly reminded by the comic book high art of Roy Lichtenstein. But this book has helped provide me with new apprication of Modern Art which I previously looked at with confusion or disdain.
B00003CXHJ|2.0|U-571, although entertaining suffers from the usual Hollywood inaccuracies.  One reviewer here stated that &quot;Johnathon Mostow was very concerned about the accuracy of this film. I don't see how anyone can call it inaccurate, it isn't.&quot;  Apparently people  now consider Hollywood producers and directors historians.  Sigh.  Statements like this demonstrate how Hollywood gets away with making second rate movies like this one.<br />The movie is mildly entertaining--although the characters are one-dimensional and the story is pretty predictable--some of the underwater scenes are well done.  But, for accuracy, I'll watch Das Boot which is a pretty accurate respresentation of submariners (if you subtract the ficticous use of red battle lights--it isn't as if a sub has windows people).<br />I think the movie would have played better if it was at least about a British sub crew (FYI I'm a &quot;yank&quot;) and have given more credit to the fact that the Brits were the ones who captured the Enigma.  Other reviewers have made good points about how we ripped off the Brits and didn't give them enough credit in the movie--I have to agree with this.  <br />Hopefully our cousins over in Europe will understand that this is a Hollywood movie and, as a result, many of me and my fellow Yanks recognize to whom the real credit should go.
B00004X0Q0|5.0|A friend of mine walked into my house one saturday night carrying a CD. He looks at me and asks &quot;have you heard 'at the drive-in'?&quot; I replied in the negative and he proceeded to put the CD on. I settled in to listen to just another heavy band that sounds like every other band... was i wrong. Now don't get me wrong I love heavy music, I just hadn't heard anything good since System of a Down. Now what i personally heard at first (and you are free to disagree) was &quot;Rage Against the Machine&quot;-like vocals, then all of a sudden it sounded like the cure. The vocals are absolutly amazing and i haven't heard anyting like it, and I think it unlikely that I will ever hear it's like again. So if you're into hard music or just plain good music, this is the album. I wish them all the luck in the world, i just hope the radio doesn't mangle a band I believe i could listen to a thousand times in a row and never tire of.
B00004ZAV3|3.0|Yeah, I've been Beatle's number#1 fan since 1981. When I was a child my uncle lend me the Sgt. Peppers album and I became a &quot;beatlemaniac&quot; forever<br />That's why I'd like to say that if I know all the Beatles songs (well, maybe 99.99%... :)... ) then I don't really need another compilation. I decide which songs I like more, and which ones I don't, so much. Maybe this is because I miss many songs in this album... but I think 3 stars is enough to this Cd.
0446310786|5.0|Scout is a vivacios, smart tomboy in a small southern town.  There are many subplots in To Kill A Mockingbird, that is one of the reasons it is my absolute favourite book ever.  This book makes you feel like you want to be a kid again.  Maycomb, the small southern town that Scout and her brother and father live in is divided with racism.  The family not racist, and the children learned it from their father, Atticus.  Atticus takes on a trial near the end of the book.  It is involving a white trash woman who claims that a black man raped her.  The case is inevitable-the white woman will win, although the evidence clearly states that this man did not rape her.  At the end of the trial(I won't tell you which side wins...)  I bawled like a baby.  You will feel connected to this book somehow.  I have read it 3 times in 4 years.
0425163407|5.0|I have to disagree with the review criticizing Kate Reading's reading in the audio version.  I'll listened to all the Kay Scarpetta books on tape ,and Miss Reading is superb.  Earlier books were read by Donada Peters,who does the Agatha Raisin books marvelously, but she did not capture Scarpetta's personality. Listen to this!
B00004YKSD|5.0|...Mr. Kilmer is dead-on as the Lizard King, the &quot;band&quot; nails the look of a band really performing and the trippy visuals are all in the spirit of the era from which the Doors sprang. Man, either rock or get the hell out of the way ...
0393317552|4.0|This book attempts to explain the current social-racial-political state of the world as natural endpoints from goings-on in prehistory.  Although my title is obviously less sexy than Mr. Diamond's, anyone who has read this book will agree it is certainly more accurate of the content.  Jared Diamond applies a very rational, non-racist*, evolutionary-like hypothesis to peoples and their surroundings.  He correctly downplays individual great leaders of history as inevitable by-products of circumstance.  And he ignores the influence of the great religions, I suspect, because his timeline for the workings of complex culture goes much further back.  It got the Pulitzer prize for good reason.  However, one small sentence in the introduction bothered me.  In discrediting racial superiority and inferiority for the entire book, *he feels the need to tell the reader he thinks the average Papuan New Guinea native is intellectially more capable than the average European.  Now why would he go say a thing like that?       Mr. Diamond's dream is to have enough of his ideas put into a &quot;formula&quot; for explaining successful nation-peoples.  Scholars will always argue and explain-away the past, but predicting the future I am afraid won't be possible.  It is one thing for Mr. Diamond to take all the known earthy facts of the last 13,000 years (from archeology, genetic crop analyses, linguistic clues, ect.), organize them, and then say &quot;Told you so&quot; as if he knew all along everthing would happen as it did.  It is quite another thing to predict, borrowing from evolutionary tenets, as his predecessor at Natural History Magazine, Stephen J. Gould, is well aware, when that randomness is by definition unpredictable, and never can be accounted for in history.  That would be dull determinism, which has been disproved a credible philosophy since quantum theory.   To his credit, Jared Diamond admittedly tells us his own theories would have led to misguided conclusions if he wereto make them at various time stops in history.   All in all though, it seems more than reasonable that the world was moved by &quot;Big Ideas&quot; applicable to the long run.  I found the book to be highly readable, a seminal work of importance; and further recommend it to any scientifically curious person.
B00003CXFG|2.0|The special effects were cool, especially with the sky and the planets. Riddick's eyes were cool.  The acting was average/poor.  The events were too convinient to be taken seriously. For example, they just HAPPENED to crash on the planet when it was going to get dark. And that happened once every 20-some years? It was also convinient that one of the characters could see in the dark. This movie had some good parts. I especially liked how Riddick did that shoulder-out-of-joint trick to get free of that pole. But overall this movie was a waste of time. I recommend this movie to anyone lacking a better imagination.
B00002EPJH|5.0|The Melody AT Night, With You album by Keith Jarrett is another winner by this great artist. Its a lot different from his normal work but he really can play that piano no matter what. Great!
B00000G3PA|1.0|Micheal Bay has yet to direct a movie of any kind worth, he directed The Rock and Bad Boys, both mediocre movies at best. But this third one, Armegeddon takes the cake.  A special effects/action movie, which it's special effects are the only reason to watch, no matter how horribly acted it is.  To see any charcter development, watch something else.  Bruce Willis, Ben Affleck, and Liv Tyler star in this movie.  The talented Steve Buscemi should have turned it down.  He is much too talented to waste his time with this.  Anyway, a group of people go up to destroy the meteor the size of the state of Texas.  Of course, it ends with an ending that is supposed to touch your heart, but I could have cared less, although I did laugh when Bruce Willis' character dies.<br />It doesn't surprise me, actually, that this was a blockbuster smash, because the only thing people want to see anymore is special effects or idiotic comedies, refer to all the Adam Sandler movies. Any movie with a plot you will see not many people will go watch.  GRADE: D
B000004286|5.0|James Horner is, by far, the greatest soundtrack writer. His works are always moving. I had never watched the movie when I bought this soundtrack and still, the last track almost moved me to tears! It has many beautiful and quiet tracks along with the tracks that get you going. The great mix of bagpipes and other Scotish instuments make for an altogether wonderful soundtrack.
6305232660|3.0|Deep Impact, which is basically about an almost unstoppable metor about to collide with the earth, which will result in many deaths if something isn't done about it.  Morgan Freeman stars as the president of the United States, who is straight forward and honest, which is a type of president this country has never had.  Also, stars Tea Leoni, the most talented youngster, Elijah Wood, Robert Duvall, and Vanessa Redgrave as Tea Leoni's alcoholic mother.<br />After the discovery of the meteor by Leo Biederman (Wood), a scientist checks what path it is headed and comes to the realization that it is headed straight for earth, not to mention the shores of the east cost.  To try and stop it, they send a group of astronauts to try and destroy the meteor, lead by Tanner (Duvall).  The major strength of this movie is the human reaction.  Each character reacts differently to the disaster to become them.  Some worry about themselves and flee without a second thought and some worry about other people, which is what is believeable.  Deep Impact takes the middle ground, in other words instead of letting the meteor hit, they are able to spilt into two pieces, with the larger piece being destroyed in a scene that may just bring tears to your eyes.  <br />Compared to Armegeddon, this movie is a masterpiece.  This one has more realism and it is not made like a 120 minute trailer as Roger Ebert once pointed out about Armegeddon.  It has characters you just might remember and dialogue that is not so repetitive you may just walk out.  Despite the fact, this movie is not great although it stars some great talents such as Elijah Wood and the brilliant Morgan Freeman, it is just decent.  GRADE: B-
0525945636|1.0|Its hard to believe that the same man who wrote the masterpiece Pillars of the Earth could write this incredibly simplistic novel.  The characters are all undeveloped and one-dimensional, which combined with a dull and predictable story line makes for a boring read.  I've read everything Ken Follett has ever written, and this novel is by far his worst.
0451196716|4.0|This book served as my introduction to King (aka Richard Bachman) The reason I chose it was because all the other works available were 800 pages plus and I didn't want to spend 800 pages on an untasted author.<br />Needless to say, after finishing the Long Walk, I will now be tackling some of the larger tomes. The story was well written, rich in imagination but chillingly realistic in description. The characters jumped off the pages and walked around the room with me. King is a master craftsman.<br />  I am surprised that nobody in Hollywood has pounced on the movie rights to this book. With the right actors this could be the movie of the year.
B0000508U6|5.0|there is a time for bouncy, happy music, a time for loud, angry music, and there is a time for quiet, contemplative music.  coldplay falls quite nicely into this third category with music that is as dreamlike as it is vulnerable.  the songs are haunted by sadness but ultimately find some sense of comfort...this is the soundtrack for a warm summer's night stretched out in a field with someone special...<br />chris martin's celestial vocals are what makes this album, combined with simple melodies and passionate lyrics.  this is highly recommended for anyone looking for a simple detachment...believe me, this is a cd where every song is listened to.
B00004VVND|2.0|Good points: Yul Brynner does an excellent job as the menacing, devil-eyed gunslinger. He's so much better than the other actors, you want him onscreen as much as possible, even though he's a villain. The film has an interesting concept, even today. It's watchable all the way through, if you turn your mind down to low gear.<br />Bad points: Calling a film \\"watchable\\" is far from saying it's good. This one is not. Richard Benjamin is just not a very good actor, never has been, especially in lead roles. James Brolin doesn't have much to do, but he's weak anyway. Most everyone else is playing robots, and they act like it. The scientists in the film are cardboard cliches of \\"geeks with white lab coats\\". Dick Van Patten has a small part as in several 'comedy relief' scenes, which are so bad they're almost unwatchable. The film is amateurishly made and directed (though not ridiculously so), and gets worse as it goes along. There are large lapses in logic and believability. It has very little rewatchability - you see it once and move on quickly.<br />But none of that matters too much, because this type of film is not meant to be \\"Citizen Kane\\". In fact, it's somewhat similar to \\"Terminator\\", another mindless movie, though much better made. \\"Westworld\\" is a mildly pleasurable way to spend 90 minutes, but you might feel like you've had too much cotton candy when it's over. The DVD has no special features except the trailer, but the widescreen transfer and soundtrack are fine. This is better rented than owned. You won't be returning to it very much unless you're really desperate.
0783223161|5.0|On its initial release in 1960, PSYCHO stunned the world.  This is one of the key films of the 20th Century and one of the most influential.  Not only was PSYCHO's exploration of madness and depiction of violence unprecedented at the time, the film also opened the door to the relaxation of censorship rules (the scene where Marion flushes a toilet was the first time a toilet had ever been shown onscreen in Hollywood, much less flushed!) and prefigured the very real violence and upheaval of the 1960's.  PSYCHO, and its successor, THE BIRDS, stand at the head of every horror film made since, including NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD, TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE and the host of slasher pictures that have infected the screen in the 70's and 90's.  Nevertheless, PSYCHO remains unequalled in the genre, because successive filmmakers have been inspired only by its violence, and not by Hitchcock's complete command of character and mood.  The first half of the film (up to the moment where Norman hides the dead Marion's car in the swamp) is one of the most extraordinary monuments of the American cinema.  Janet Leigh turns in the performance of her career as Marion Crane, a lonely secretary who steals $40,000 from her boss and runs away to start a new life with her lover, Sam Loomis (J. Gavin).  Instead of leading her to love, Marion's mad flight results in her death.  The horror of the shower murder lies not just in its still-appalling impression of unspeakable violence, but in the pathetic and random destruction of the main character, a woman whose problems and troubles are very real to us.  This portion of the film unfolds at breakneck speed.  Marion is in constant movement from the moment she appears onscreen until she finds her destiny at the Bates Motel. The long and touching dinner sequence at the Motel is in fact the emotional heart of the film.  In it, Hitchcock brilliantly switches our identification from Marion to Norman Bates (T. Perkins), an equally lonely, but far more troubled individual, who, like Marion, is trapped in his own &quot;private island.&quot;  The remainder of the plot is so well-known by now that I won't bother to recount it here. This widescreen edition of the film is the one to get, as Hitchcock's compositions are masterful and one can better appreciate the brilliance of the black-and-white photography (which is far from &quot;grainy&quot;).  The world of PSYCHO could be our own - a world of alienated, lonely people whose own actions deprive them of the love for which they desperately yearn.  Every character in PSYCHO is not what they appear to be on the surface: Marion's boss is a secret drinker, her co-worker Caroline (played by Pat Hitchcock in a delightful cameo role) takes tranquilizers and has a nosy mother, Marion uses her lunch hours to tryst with her boyfriend, whom she has kept hidden from her family, and of course Norman's affable, handsome facade conceals howling madness.  As in VERTIGO, the action of PSYCHO is dominated by female characters who are literally absent: Marion and Mrs. Bates, both dead, control the destinies of the characters in the last half of the film.  PSYCHO is a great work of art which is both a deep study of character and emotion, and an examination of the power of the past and the dead over the present and the living.  It is both bleak and beautiful, and remains without peer in the cinema.
B000002U82|5.0|This album is the best Pink Floyd album and the best rock album ever.  Other reviewers are right about the musical brilliance of  Roger Waters, David Gilmour, and Richard Wright, but have over looked mentioning the percussion of Nick Mason.  I've probably listened to the album more than 1000 times.  One year i love the female vocals, the next year the spacey feel, and another the saxophone.  But this year it is the percussion!  Listen to this album on headphones and you will really hear the music of the snares, the cymbals, the perfectly tuned drums, the rolling rythms, the ... I could go on and on.  I just fell in love with this album again!
0385484518|2.0|Clearly, Morrie was an intelligent man who coped with his horrific illness with dignity and acceptance. Just as clearly, Albom is a not-so-intelligent man who coped with his teacher's illness with dim-wittedness and such a high degree of hero worship that he neglected to realize the obvious--Morrie's wise insights are not all that insightful. In fact, if you haven't said or been told them by the time you're 25, it's evident you've been a bit out of touch your whole life. This is a touching story, perhaps, but if you're expecting to learn life's greatest secrets and lessons, you'll be extremely disappointed. Sit on a bench in a nearby park and observe people--you'll gain a greater understanding.
B000053VAF|4.0|Loved it!  Though I was raised Catholic, I was always taught to have a good sense of humor about myself.  Too many people saw this movie as a poke in the eye at religion.  Funny, I saw it as a positive statement on religion.  Of course, most of the negative reviews tend to come from people who haven't actually SEEN the film....
0060926317|4.0|This was a very intersting book, some of it I took with a grain of salt but if any of it is true it is a good story. Worth your couple hours and the price of the book.
B000006TRV|5.0|I was tempted to do a massive review on this album, but why should I just because the album is 26 songs long!! I will say 'The Wall' is gloomy, overlong, contains a lot of 'filler' and devoid of any spiritual hope: but I love it to bits!!! The concept of the album is unique (of that there's no doubt) and this alone gives it high marks. &quot;Mother&quot;, &quot;Young Lust&quot;, &quot;Hey You&quot;, &quot;Comfortably Numb&quot; and &quot;Run like Hell&quot; are some of the best Floyd tunes ever written. If you're looking to be uplifted - forget it. This album is DEEP and is the most intense work of paranoia I've ever heard....BUT IT'S GREAT.
0679879269|5.0|I just finished reading it, and my face and neck are all sticky with tears. Phillip Pullman has done the impossible, he has surpassed any comparioson. I have never in my life read such an amazingly brilliant book, things are expressed within that harmonize perfectly with everything I have ever thought or believed, and I feel myself wanting the Story so badly that it hurts me. It is a climaxion of everything I have been feeling, and the incredible truths held within are so inexpressibaly beautiful and rare that these books must be Perfection itself. As I strive to solidify what I am feeling I feel myself failing, nothing else on earth might ever come as close to realness as the ink on those pages. The insurpassible wonder is inexpressible and incomparable.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Yessssssssss! (Stars in eyes) this movie ROCKS! ROCKS! ROCKS! Everything's complete perfection: Acting, Story, Cast, Screeplay, EVERYTHING! You name it!!! If you are looking for a movie with everything in it...&quot;Gladiator&quot; is your movie! Russell Crowe is so hunky. And a great actor. When it first came out, you can guess that I didn't waste ONE SECOND to go to the store and buy it! I just had to have it! I want you guys to watch this movie, because, man, I repeat, &quot;Gladiator&quot; ROCKS!!!!
B00004XOWM|1.0|I have nothing against Limp Bizkit.  &quot;Counterfiet&quot; is still one of my favorite rock songs of all time (or is it a rap song?), and the M:I2 theme &quot;Take a Look Around&quot; is pretty awesome.  But this new CD is just bad.  The music is nonexistent and the lyrics are built entirely around excessive use of the f-word.  Also, with Chocolate Starfish, Fred Durst manages to take the &quot;whiny white kid trying to freestyle&quot; shtick to a new level, spouting off lines like, &quot;Now I know y'all be lovin' dis sh** right here!&quot;  He also manages to mention either his name or the band's name in every song without fail.  The fact that this CD is successful is proof that there must be a whole lot of 11 year old boys out there desperate to be cool to their friends (or perhaps to make friends).  If I can stop just one person from buying this load of crap with this review, I can die a happy man.
0380804557|5.0|There is quite alot to be said about a book like this. Whether Mr. Gaiman had the purpose or not, he succeeded in a very unique way. He allowed adults to go back and remember all the wonder they had as children in stories and fairy tales. Many adults lose the gift of imagination and wonder later in life. This book was all about the magic that could be. While this is not a childrens book, it captures all the magic of the old tales that used to excite you and send your imagination wild as a kid.<br />His writing style is also unique. If you've gotten tired of the thousands of fantasy (epic or contemporary), then this novel will truly be refreshing. It reads like a Grimm fairy tale, with a little Stephen King thrown in here and there. Highly recommended!!
B00004Y2FT|5.0|Compilations inevitably attract a mixed bag of praise and critique.  &quot;Stars and Topsoil&quot; is no exception.  There will always be one more song that was left out...one piece from the Masters that 'deserves more recognition.'<br />What makes this cd unique is its presentation of the Cocteau Twins' vast creative ability in one single disc. They made music to their fancy - be it dreamy like &quot;Pandora&quot; or bizarre like &quot;Blind Dumb Deaf&quot;.  No one song could be categorized.  No style could be discerned.  This is the true measure of creativity, and this compilation fulfills its purpose nicely.<br />For those hungry for an introduction to the Cocteau Twins, I strongly recommend this cd.  From here you can choose which other album to listen to as you grow acquainted to their music.<br />For those who are intimately familiar with the band and their work, &quot;Stars and Topsoil&quot; is a welcome reunion to an old friend.
B000001GBJ|5.0|This music touched my heart and soul in a profound way. At times I cried.  Other times it took me to a peaceful haven of rest and wholeness.  It is superb!!
078322687X|4.0|This movie gets 5 stars but the DVD gets 3. The color and sound could be better and it would be nice if they had extras. A movie this good deserves better.<br />I saw this movie after I was out of High School, and had just graduated from college. I found the characters to be stereotypical of my own personal experience which brings reality to the film. The dialog was perfect in this movie which makes it a pleasure to watch. The character types represented are the &quot;Prom Queen&quot;, &quot;The Studious Brain&quot;, &quot;The Athlete&quot;, &quot;The Stoner&quot;, and &quot;The Recluse&quot;. When they all come together for a full day of detention on a Saturday, they are forced to interact with each other when they otherwise would have avoided each other under normal circumstances. Through this, they find they have alot more in common than they could have imagined. This movie is a fun way to look back at how the social world was back in school.<br />Even though this is a great movie, it isn't for children due to the language and portrayal of drug use,...
0671775308|5.0|This book's best advice: Own a &quot;Dull-normal&quot; business (sand blasting, used truck parts, etc.)--there's high demand and little competition. I followed that advice and am now in an economic position where the authors would have wanted to interview me.:-)
B000005HN6|5.0|This CD is only seven tracks long but those seven tracks add up to over 65 minutes.  This CD works well as a whole album as each of the songs flow nicely together, and yet each song is different enough from the others that they can stand out as individual pieces.  To describe their style of black metal, I would have to say that it is like Emperor meets the Doors.  Although Opeth use fewer synthesizers and keyboards than black metal bands such as Cradle of Filth and Dimmu Borgir, the complexity of the music is not reduced.  In fact, this is some of the most complex music there is.  It is not quite as emotional as some black metal, but that is made up for with its structure and atmosphere.  This is very enjoyable music as it can be both invigorating and relaxing, but it takes several listens to get used to it.
0395754100|5.0|Very humorous and simple stories that my children love to read at bedtime.  They enjoy the illustrations also. My kids liked the fact that the man in the yellow hat was always there when George needed him.  I think to them that man symbolizes a parent who is always there when needed the most.
6305897786|1.0|A movie about a rare book dealer who gets caught in a web of supernatural happenings and devil-worshippers?  Let me at it, it sounds great!<br />Don't be sucked in like I was.  There is nothing compelling about the story or the characters in this awful film.  Depp plays a rare book dealer who has the strange habit of smoking cigarettes over priceless books.  Odd.  His love interest seems to be a sort of devil/angel thing, and there is no character in the entire film that is worth being sympathetic toward.<br />The plot is based on gaining keys in the form of pages from various rare copies of the same book.  Lots of people die, sometimes in unintentionally funny ways, and very little action ensues.  The dramatic tension created here is just about on par with a documentary on cheesemaking.<br />Don't worry, Johnny, even DeNiro and Nicholson have made movies they are not so proud of.  It happens.
B00004YW6I|3.0|I'm sure PJ is expanding and maturing and all that, and I readily admit that I know nothing of the technical side of music; I just know that PJ used to hit me right where I live and that she hasn't since Rid of Me. If you are waiting for the return of the raw, nasty power of Dry, Rid of Me, and the 4 Track Demos, you'll have to keep waiting. Or keep playing the old discs.
0790729644|5.0|&quot;Unforgiven&quot; contains a gritty realism and psychological insight that is distinct in any film, not just in Westerns. In this sense, the film is a tremendous accomplishment for Clint Eastwood as an actor and a director. Eastwood plays a gun fighter whose career has largely subsided as the civilizing process has begun to displace the frontier mentality in the American West. Eastwood is hired by some prostitutes to settle a score with an abusive client. He and his party gun down the person but in the process they run afoul of the town's sheriff (masterfully played by Gene Hackman) who has legally sanctioned gun fighting of any sort. When Eastwood's partner is killed by the sheriff's posse, Eastwood returns to the town and single-handedly confronts them. The battle that ensues is somewhat unrealistic (Eastwood kills several men including the sheriff) but makes sense on a symbolic level. The untrammeled spirit of the frontier confronts its civilizing nemesis and wins even as it becomes an extinct phenomenon. The intense realism and Eastwood's subtle, understated performance are what make the film work. So much of the film is presented in a plain understated fashion, that by the time we get to the symbolic conclusion we still believe it is real.<br />After the gun battle, Eastwood pours himself a whiskey with his back to the door and his unloaded shotgun under his arm as the terrified survivors of the posse hide between buildings outside. When he is ready to leave, Eastwood shouts a warning that he will kill anyone he sees and if he is opposed, he will kill the individual and his wife. He leaves the bar, mounts his horse and rides off into the darkness in full view of the terrified posse. <br />Eastwood's departure is more than just a finale for the film. As he rides into the darkness he takes with him the individual will to settle disputes with violence. The defeated and humiliated posse survives with its mandate to expropriate the individual's recourse to violence. Eastwood may have won the last gunfight, but even he cannot prevent the elimination of private justice and the state's consolidation and ownership of violence.
B000001DTM|5.0|look no further, you have found all that you are loooking for right here in Achtung Baby.  Take it in and beware! For all music you know will be distorted and re-evaluated after listning to this musical masterpiece - This is the Album to pull you into the world of U2 just incase your one of small numbers that hasen't already!
B000002MUN|5.0|I don't have too much to say about this album.  Basically, I really really enjoy it.  I've been listening to Tom Petty on and off for close to ten years, following his career along.  Though I don't own hardly any albums, I picked this one up on a whim.  I'm nothing if not pleased about my purchase.  If you're even bothering to read these reviews, you should purchase this album.  I found it to be very peaceful and a great listen from start to finish.  Not all the songs are mellow.  &quot;You Wreck Me&quot; is one of my Petty favorites.  Has been for quite some time, and was one of the reasons I bought the album.  It's one of those albums you can put on and really get into it, or just sit back and relax.  Overall, very nice.  A side note on the Production.  I really like Rick Rubin's style of production.  Very pure and minimalist.  He holds true to that production style on this disc.  If you enjoy this Petty album, and Rubin's style of production, you should check out some of the Johnny Cash on American Recordings.  He plays with Petty and the Heartbreakers and it's amazing.  Final word, drop the fifteen bucks on this CD.  It's well worth it.
0440180295|5.0|I took this book into the Sierra backcountry on vacation. I chose it because it was light and wouldn't weigh me down. Imagine my surprise when I finished it two short evenings into a 10 day trip with nothing else to read but a map. Eight days later, I had read the book three times. Each time was as good or better than the last. Never before have I been able to read and reread a book and be completely engrossed every time. If you know the beauty of the Sierra backcountry, then you know it would take something special to tear you away from it. This book is very special. When I got home, I pulled out my old LVD of Slaughterhouse Five and watched it. Po te weet.  MHR
6305922756|5.0|There's nothing to really say about the film itself that has not been said many times before.  This is _the_ standard for the sometimes overdone art of mockumentary filmmaking.  Viewers owe this film a debt of gratitude for any and all films in the genre since thenk, including the brilliant work of Christopher Guest.  One would think that even The Blair Witch boys owe a nod to Tap for the reality style of fiction.<br />Beyond the sheer brilliance and hilarity of the movie itself, the extra features of this new DVD release make it a must-own, even if you have the original DVD release.  The extra footage is over an hour in length, with deleted scenes that are just as funny as some of the bits in the movie.  The scene where the limo driver gets intoxicated and sings in his underwear is a scream.  Also, there are things like television spots for some sort of packaged sandwich thing that are great for Tap fanatics.  Even the automatic menu opening when the disc is popped in is funny, with the Tapsters commenting on the logo.<br />Anyone who is in the music business, has seen the music business, or simply loves music, will find this movie hilarious.  The extra features are only one more strong reason to buy this and put it in a place of honor on the DVD shelf.
0780020685|5.0|This is an excellent film.  So many US films were patterned after A Kurosawa movie.  In this case, you have the MAGNIFICENT SEVEN (1960).
0425152251|4.0|&quot;Sophie's World&quot; was my introduction to the world of philosophy. When I'm feeling muddled about things, I still turn to it as a reference. I'm glad that I have it because it provides good SUMMARIES of the reasons to study philosophy, of the ideas of major philosophers, and of time periods in history. I capitalized all the letters in &quot;summaries&quot; to stress that these are all &quot;Sophie's World&quot; provides. For something really in-depth, don't turn to this book, which is more like a crash-course in philosophy. What makes this crash-course different from others, I must say, is that it illustrates how one philosophy made way for the next one, such as how philosophers in one era were inspired by thinkers who came before, how ideas were modified and expanded, how history shaped the way people thought and vice-versa, etc. Also, the philosophical discourses in the novel are dialogues between teacher and student which utilize the Socratic method, which is still the best way to start opening a student's mind. The problem crops up when Sophie understands a concept before the reader does. Since she has grasped it, Alberto no longer needs to explain, though the reader may still be dangling and desperate. Another problem with &quot;Sophie's World&quot; is that some parts are very boring, such as Alberto's explanation of how Newton arrived at the Theory of Gravity. <br />As a novel, &quot;Sophie's World&quot; is weird. At first it seems part-mystery story, since both Sophie and the readers have no idea who Major Knag and Hilde Moller Knag are. When the identities of these two figures are finally revealed, the story takes another strange turn. There are many other strange things about the story, such as the TWO ENDINGS (one is abrupt, the other is open-ended). Readers are left unsure about what the moral of the story is. Alberto and Sophie promise to reveal the meaning of life during their &quot;philosophical garden party,&quot; but do they really? Neither Alberto's final word on the subject nor the chaotic events that take place during the party (including people's reactions to them) make much sense. One has to wonder about the point of studying philosophy when &quot;graduation day&quot; seems to dismiss philosophy entirely. (Of course, like all things in philosophy, this is open to debate. Some people I know actually thought this ending made sense.)
B00004T0US|4.0|Essentially a &quot;two-fer,&quot; with one track omitted but the entire &quot;From Elvis Presley Boulevard, Memphis, Tennessee&quot; added for a total of 19 tracks.  You'd never know, thanks to radio programmers' selective memories, that the King kept singing (quite well) and kept up a presence in the Top 40 up until his death.  Which sadly came while this LP and the chugging single &quot;Way Down&quot; were on the charts in 1977.<br />Useful for collecting three of Elvis' last five Top 40 singles--&quot;Way Down&quot;, &quot;Hurt&quot;, and the title track, the rest of this disc is a mishmash of good and less-good cover versions of country classics (&quot;He'll Have To Go&quot;, &quot;She Thinks I Still Care&quot;, &quot;Blue Eyes Crying In the Rain&quot;) and '70's pop songs including Neil Sedaka/The Carpenters' &quot;Solitaire&quot; and Roger Whittaker's &quot;The Last Farewell&quot;.  The low point of the disc is the three opening live tracks used to pad the original LP because of Elvis' erratic recording availability and his odd behavior in general.  Making citizen's drug busts, posing with Nixon, peanut butter and banana sandwiches and all.  Unless you think the King needed to sing a version of Olivia Newton-John's &quot;If You Love Me (Let Me Know).&quot;<br />[Footnote for the small intersection between fans of Elvis' later years and readers of rock writing:  &quot;Hurt&quot; is a relatively hard-to-find entry in &quot;The Heart Of Rock And Soul&quot;, excellent book by Dave Marsh...]
B00000BKDW|4.0|I personally prefer Number Of The Beast, Seventh Son Of A Seventh Son and the incredibaly underated Somewhere In Time to this album. However, this is never the less a Maiden classic.<br />Aces High is one of Maiden's classic songs which features on most compilations. And for very good reasons! Its a teeth-kicking opener to say the least and the lead guitars by Murray and Smith are very good. 2 Minutes To Midnight is another Maiden classic. More mid-paced, this contains some very strange lyrics (We'll oil the jaws of our war machine and feed it to our babies... mmm...). Losfer Words is an instrumental. Not so hard-hitting, and the likes of Transylvania and Ghengis Khan are better instumentals, but it's still quite good.<br />Flash Of The Blade and The Duelists are not so good, and although they are reasonable songs, they don't really compare to the rest of the album. However, a hidden gem awaits at track 6! Why is this the only release with Back In The Village on it? That is one excellent song and one of Maidens best, yet they fail to put it on any live records or compilations, even though it is far better than anything on No Prayer For The Dying. From here, things start to get even better. Powerslave is a mini epic and contains a slow beautiful solo from Dave Murray before Adrian Smith smashes in another amazing full throttle solo. Dave then fights back again and altogether, this is one of Maiden's most classic moments in my opinion.<br />The Rime Of The Ancient Mariner is one wierd song! At 13+ minutes, it contains a very quiet atmospheric bit which is eerie to say the least, before crashing in with an almost emotional moment where Bruce Dickinson sounds like his balls have squeezed into a vice! The experimentation with atmosphere here shows a real sense of musical maturity.<br />This contains some real classic moments which make it well worth paying for, but I would not call this a classic album in a wider sense because Flash Of The Blade and The Duelists feel like fillers. They only have to come up with 8 songs altogether, making it even less excusable for them. That said, the songs that are good are very good and any Maiden fan should own it. Recommended, but get one of the above albums first.ike fillers. They only have to come up with 8 songs altogether, making it even less excusable for them. That said, the songs that are good are very good and any Maiden fan should own it. Recommended, but get one of the above albums first.
B00003CXFG|4.0|Director Twohy must be truly congratulated on this film.  What could have been a throw-away piece of science fiction schlock about people on a deserted planet being chased by aliens turns into a visually stunning masterpiece of filmmaking.  The camera shots, use of light and exposure, and overall &quot;look&quot; of the film are amazing, even more so on DVD.<br />Vin Diesel is the standout performer as the pseudo-possibly-villain.  He plays the part well, and makes the viewer consistently unsure of the characters thoughts and motivations.  He adds a dark edge to the character that is perfect for the role.<br />The plot itself is nothing truly extraordinary, with the standard chased-by-space-monsters-trying-to-escape-death theme.  Something akin to one of the &quot;Alien&quot; movies perhaps.  Certainly Twohy watched some Ridley Scott to direct this well.  Diesel likewise should have a bright future ahead if he can pull off the quiet madness of roles like this in future.
0425129608|5.0|This book....hmmm...what can i say. It was too good!!! The murderer was completely unsuspected. The cast of characters was marvelous, each with their own separite image and identity. In this book, one wouldn't even feel sorry for the murder victim because the victim, Arlena Marshall,  was just too cruel and conceited! This book is Poirot at his very best, and his 'little grey cells' are working to maximum potential. READ IT NOW!
0440219078|5.0|I first read this book several years ago and have been rereading it ever since. Only recently did I learn that it was, at one point, banned because of &quot;explicit sexual content.&quot; I had to laugh at this because the only thing sexual that happened in the story was something very natural to a young person's development. (Please remember that the protagonist is an adolescent.) It was also crucial to the story as it showed how the community attempted to stifle sexual and romantic feelings (this includes love) in its members.<br />I have to admit that there are parts of the book that are too heavy for younger readers. Aside from the above-mentioned situation, there is euthanasia and infanticide. Yet these things are necessary for the reader to really understand what the characters' lives are like. They are a community without feelings, without history, without the ability to cope with anything that is out of the ordinary. Only two people in the story, a young boy named Jonas and an old man known as the Giver, have feelings, emotions and true awareness. Only they can see colors and hear music and experience joy, anger, sadness and other feelings. In the end, Jonas is smart enough to use all the knowledge and information that he has received to do some good. Instead of letting the community continue to hide, he and the Giver carry out a plan that saves everyone. (At least, that is what the plan was supposed to do. The story ends without clearing up what happened to the community.)<br />The book teaches the necessity of sharing emotions--be they happy ones or sad ones. It teaches the importance of history and the richness of variety. Its ultimate moral lesson is that people cannot hide from the darker aspects of life, because in doing so they hide from all of life and ultimately from love as well. Then the darker aspects (euthanasia and infanticide, among other things) win anyway. We can't kill them by hiding from them: we have to take them head-on.
B00003XB8K|2.0|I own all of the mainstream albums as well as a couple import singles. They seem to get progressively worse. Michael should not be singing. It sounds like a bunch of yelling and anger directed at who? The system, the government? All these artists fighting the power gets a little old and now Enigma too. Ugh! Gee I wonder why the first album was such a success? Maybe because he barely sang, he wasn't mad at the &quot;world&quot;, the recording quality was excellent, and the listener could go where they wanted to in their own mind. Not that I care, but I also think it's ironic that he doesn't believe in God or religion but yet he uses &quot;Gregorian chant&quot; which is mostly based on religious prayer. Can you say hypocrite? There are some good moments though. Tracks 1,2,3,4,6, and some of 10. Although they are no-where near the creativity that are on the last three albums. I used to be in awe at the rhythms he could create but there's none of that here. Just the yelling. I will continue to buy his music however because it is still good but it is going down hill fast. Hopefully somebody else will step up to the plate and be able to hit a home-run again.
0679745203|2.0|This book has too many central characters each with her / his own separate story resulting in a disconnected patchwork of human tragedies. Taken together these tragedies sample the confusion following WW2 but fail to capture together anything revealing about humanity during such tormented times. The prose can be original and quirky but the author doesn't handle the language well enough yet to bring creative originality to the English language.
B0000541AM|5.0|Walter Hills 1979 Gang opus &quot;The Warriors&quot; is one of my all-time favourite films. Having first seen it at the tender age of ten and some forty times since, it's power to entertain, thrill and delight me has not been deminished over the years. The story of a NYC youth gang crossing rival turfs in a bid to &quot;make it back&quot; home after being unfairly blamed for a rival gangleaders death enables this film to move at breakneck pace and cover a variety of terrains and situations that are rendered semi-real and at the same time semi-surrealistically greatly adding to the atmosphere of the film.<br />This atmosphere is perfectly conveyed right from the beginning of the film with the weird blinking lights of the Wonder Wheel ferris wheel coupled with the equally haunting and weird sound of Barry De Vorzen's synth music. NYC is set up as some kinda errie playground for these gangs (indeed maybe a larger Coney Island)and you know you're gonna see some fights and some freaks. As the credits roll in perfect time with the music (as indeed most of the film moves exactly with the music), this promise is already being partly fulfilled, as we are treated to the sight of some of the most laughable and at the same time scary gangs you'll ever see. The enormity of NYC is conveyed through the use of train maps and the sheer variety of the gangs and you know that the Warriors are gonna be running into more than one of 'em. <br />Following the gang meeting and the final plot lynchpins (all within the first ten minutes), the chase is on, and what a ride director Walter Hill takes you on! Through problem after problem, gang after gang, turf after turf, fight after fight and several character enhancing/detracting moments for the members of the Warriors the film rarely lets up, and while some bits seem overly simplistic, silly or both, you couldn't give a Van Damn because it's all done with such style and speed.<br />This was Walter Hill's third film, after debuting with &quot;Streetfighter&quot; AKA &quot;Hardtimes&quot; and then &quot;The Driver&quot; (which was also quite influential in its own way - just check &quot;Driver&quot; the game), and the experience he gained on these films must have helped contribute to the grand experience that this is. Atmosphere and ideas count for a hell of a lot in my book, and this film just ooozes both. The different look of each of the gangs is awesome, from the face-painted baseball furies, the skinhead AC Turnballs, the redneck Jim Morrison wannabes, and the pathetic Orphans with their equally pathetic green tee-shirts, each gang gets the outfit they deserve. The location shooting by mega-talented Lazlo Kovaks bursts outta your screen with neon colour and feeling, you can taste the smoke of the train station fire, or smell the P**s in the subway toilets. You feel as if your there, and at the same time it's so surrealistic you know it's a film. It's a weird combo and it works.<br />This film has become rather infamous, partly due to the violent incidents that occurred during its first run. A shooting death at a drive-in between two gangs, a kidnap/beating, and uh... possibly another shooting death somewhere. Another reason for its infamy may reside in the fact that it has been extensively sampled (check a variety of Drum 'n' Bass tunes, PWEI track etc), referenced (eg. NWA's 100 Miles and Running), or directly ripped off (eg. the slew of early 80s gang movies that tries to copy its formula &quot;1990: The Bronx Warriors). The thing is the film evidently hit enough nerves to stay in people's minds.<br />The DVD is somewhat of a mixed bag. First of all WHOOOO HOOOOO it's out on DVD, it's widescreen and it is AMAZINGLY cleaned up. I've been waiting to see it as the theater intended for years and years and years. At the same time, Paramount have gone their traditional route of a pathetic number of chapter stops and an equally pathetic number of extras. What extras? The trailer     (which is damn cool,has music that isn't in the film or soundtrack, and one or two shots and lines that I don't recall being in the film). However, for a film like this that does have a substantial cult following, I would have thought Paramount could have found extra scenes, a featurette and especially a director's commentary. I would have loved to have heard stuff about the making of this film, like real gangs threatening the crew or something, and seeing that many of the actors etc here (great as they are, especially James Remar) aren't doing as much of late I'm sure they would have been up for it. Similarly the cover artwork, utilises about three photos again and again, when the original Australian video release (and all subsequent ones for that matter) had that awesome painting of all the gangs posing together as one big &quot;family&quot;. Ah well, at least the disc itself looks cool.<br />Still I'm as pleased as punch to finally have this film in my DVD collection, I have been awaiting its release since the moment I got my player and just having this film remastered in widescreen is ultimately good enough for me, as I know I ain't gonna wear out this copy watching it 45 times or so, as I did with my VHS. The Warriors weren't just good, real good...they're the best.
B000059TCE|4.0|I saw this two films on spanish,a nd t he dubbing is great!, Eugenio Derbez does an excelent work on the second one, this 2 films aregreat, they are the best live action films hthat  Disney has evermade.
0553106635|5.0|I have just finished reading this book, the third in the \\"Song of Ice and Fire\\", and will most likely be waiting on edge for book four like a junkie waiting for a fix.  If it doesn't come out this year, I fear I may not last. . .<br /> Fortunately, there will other pick-me-ups along the way, like the conclusion of Raymond Feist's \\"Riftwar Legacy\\" series, and other books that I haven't gotten to yet, but \\"Dance with Dragons\\" is the one I will be truly waiting for.  Have I mentioned that I really, really like this series yet?  George R. R. Martin has created a world that rivals Middle Earth, Arrakis (aka Dune), the world of Thomas Covenant, the world of the Riftwar, and the world of the Wheel of Time for detail, richness, and complexity.  And, he really does something with it.  He populates it with incredible characters with deep personalities, throws in plot twists worthy of Machiavelli, and stretches your own sense of right and wrong with ethical dilemmas right out of ecclesiastical philosophy.<br />Although the saga is cloaked in medieval fantasy, it is not a story of sword and sorcery.  This is first and foremost a work of ideas and ethics.  Political intrigue enters the equation, but the true treasures in these books are the characters.  They are everyday people thrown into situations that test their strength, both physical and spiritual.  The feudal framework forms the perfect foil as brother is pitted against brother, father against son, husband against wife, and sister against brother.  In the name of honor, family, and justice, these people are asked to make judgments that require the wisdom of Solomon and the strength of Hercules.  And, since this is not brought to us by Disney studios, they don't always make the \\"right\\" choices.  The \\"heroes\\" sometimes do the \\"wrong\\" thing; the \\"villains\\" sometimes perform acts of outright nobility.  The only thing that is predictable is that the story is not formulaic and predictable.<br />As the series progresses, the presence of magic increases, but it is not benign magic - every visible aspect is dark.  Characters who appear to be the most upstanding are killed off by treachery; sometimes the treacherous get theirs and sometimes they don't.  Every chapter ends with a mini-cliffhanger and sometimes what you assume happened, didn't.  As the sword master told Arya in the first book, you must see with your eyes, not with your mind.  I think I have finally figured out where the story is going, but I won't divulge my thoughts for two reasons.  One, I don't want to spoil it for anyone who has not read this book yet, and, two, if I'm wrong, I don't want to let on to you all how stupid I am. . .  <br />This series is intense, as anyone who's made it this far knows.  It most likely isn't for everyone.  But if you haven't started book one yet, give it a try.  If you get through the third book, I guarantee you will be affected, as well as hooked.  You will find yourself looking at moral and ethical situations with different eyes; you will not be as judgmental as you were before.  You will learn things about yourself as well as enjoy one mighty fine read.  I know.  I went into this series cold, and I'm a convert.  Please, Mr. Martin, please finish book four tonight!!
0060977264|1.0|A book without substance and devoid of any literary insight into the nature of human love. An exercise in fluffery. May be of interest only to those lucky enough to believe in crystals....
B0000028RR|5.0|Rage was not a band a few years ago that made an impact on what music I listened. I remembered this album and enjoyed a few songs but never listened to it much. Last year when I started to enjoy their music I bought Evil Empire and Battle of LA but still didn't have this album. Although when I did get it, it has to be one of the best albums for me off all time. The sheer brillance of Zacks vocals to the amazing guitar work. They make their music to rock to but show us their views in between the lines. Bombtrack starts the album with a guitar slowly strumming then coming into a full on rock fest. But their lyrics put the ideas of captialism and democracy as almost the same things with the line in the song Take the Power back of &quot;So called facts are fraud, They want us to allege and pledge and bow down to their god&quot;. These lyrics and songs make it an album to discuss at the water cooler or just to listen to some great rock. One of the best debut albums and maybe one of the best albums ever. If you buy only one Rage album buy this. There other albums are good but can never match the incomprenhisble level of music in this album.
0790733897|5.0|I saw this movie Christmas Day 1969. At the time I lived in San Mateo and worked in San Francisco. Knowledge of the area helped me to appreciate the setting and being a McQueen fan also helped.<br />I have seen this movie many times since that day, (up to the present), and am happy to say that all of the pieces finally fit for me. It took a couple of viewings to get the plot straight and many more to get details not readily apparent. I won't say much more except that at the time this film was made, the car chase blew everybody away and set the stage for subsequent and too often overblown copycat chases. The car chase was not the movie however, the story line with very human characters is what I liked most about this film. An example of this would be the Bullitt character being awakened by his detective partner who helps himself to orange juice which Bullitt mistakenly thinks is for him. The cabby, played by Robert Duvall, has a dog doll in the back window and doesn't make a pest of himself by chatting up his fare. Even the assassins are human in that they aren't supermen and make mistakes that they get frustrated trying to rectify.<br />All in all, my favorite detective yarn. Extraordinary people made to look ordinary.
B00004Z459|5.0|I LOVE this CD!!! My favorite song is &quot;One Step Closer&quot;, but they are all great. This is the first CD I've come across where I like all of the songs. The only even somewhat mellow song is track 11, &quot;Cure For the Itch&quot;, but it's still a cool song with a great beat. The lead singer Chester Bennington has an amazing voice-even when he's screaming hysterically, you can still understand him, for the most part. It's also a descent album-no message of violence or obscenities being shouted. If you need a way to drain anger OR just want to flip out and head-bang, I would seriously recommend this CD.
0316236446|5.0|I'm a fan of all the Emberly books and if you have any interest in drawing or if you have kids, I can't recommend them strongly enough. <br />This one spans a wide range of ages, maybe the widest in the series. It perhaps won't reach as young as the thumbprint book, but because the drawings are designed to be small parts of a larger world, they're even simpler than those found in other books, and that can be very appealing to the young ones.<br />Older kids can exercise their imagination and skills by, as the books says, making a world. They'll be able to explore other things like composition and theme (however unconsciously) because the drawings they're using for their picture will be easy for them to render.<br />If I had a wish, it's that there would be more example landscapes in this book.  The book is quite short, and the only example of combining pictures is on the last page. But the last page is inspirational and I would've liked more. <br />Nonetheless, this is a five-starrer.
B00004R7AP|5.0|I first caught wind of the Corrs from VH-1, since then I've been a fan. I couldn't decide whether to get the VHS or the DVD, so I ended up getting both.  I'm glad I did.  How is it that America has yet to warm-up to this band?  They're talented, they have a dynamic pressence on stage, the songs are well written as are the instrumental numbers and the Corrs sisters are gorgeous. What's not to like?  Both concert videos are well worth the investment and are a must in any music library.
B000001IQH|2.0|They may have a good message, but they sound just like the Clash. Scratch that: the Clash were innovators, changing their musical style as they grew and developed. Rancid has sounded the same since its inception, deviating little, if at all, from the punk-ska formula. Replete with fake British accents and a cover with a photo of boots on it, it's all a clich. If you like punk cliches, and you don't mind hearing the same song 19 times, then this is the album for you. If you like cookie-cutter punk that doesn't stray one inch from the formula, then this is for you.  If you don't want your musical expectations challenged, it's definitely for you. Yes, it's fun. But that's it: just some fun with a good message and a lot of trappings. If this is the best punk can offer, than it really must be dead. So, rock out with this if you must, but maybe you'd be better off with some AC/DC or something else just as generic and dull.
6305622930|5.0|Patton is a sprawling three hour epic detailing the rise and fall of one the most famous military leaders in history, General George S. Patton.  Franklin J. Schaffner takes through the battlefields and war rooms of World War II in the African and European theaters with an eye for detail.  The opening scene where Patton addresses his troops in front of an enormous American flag sets the tone for the film and is chilling.  The war scenes are intense and we get a sense of Patton must have been like.  George C. Scott is absolutely amazing as Patton.  He delivers the finest performance of his distinguished career.  He portrays Patton as a crazed genius, but he doesn't go over the top with it.  He plays it with a controlled madness and avoids making Patton into some sort of characture.  Mr. Scott won the 1970 Best Actor award for which he famously refused to accept.  Mr. Schaffner won Best Director and the film was awarded the Best Picture statuette.
B00003CXDG|3.0|I suppose if you like a lot of action, this movie is for you.  If you like good acting, an engaging plot, and interesting characters, this movie is NOT for you.<br />Obviously, this movie was meant as a money-making blockbuster, without much thought of art involved.  The best I can say about this movie is that it had great cinematography.  But other than that, the idea was simple--throw together an edgy, electronic score by Metallica and Limp Bizkit, a lot of gravity-defying action, Tom Cruise, and an anorexic love interest meant as eye candy, and WHAM!--You've got yourself an assured summer blockbuster.  Everyone goes home rich and happy--even though Tom Cruise is undoubtedly rich enough, and this movie turned him from a once-respectable actor to a definite sell-out.<br />And the sad thing is that I know Tom Cruise can act.  I saw him give an excellent performance as the anti-hero Lestat in &quot;Interview with the Vampire.&quot;  In my opinion, that was his best performance ever.  Anyone who reads Anne Rice's Vampire Chronicles knows that Cruise captured Lestat perfectly.<br />But Cruise undoubtedly made so much money off MI2 that they'd have to pay him, like, a billion dollars to star as another character like Lestat.<br />FYI: Thandie Newton, Cruise's love interest in MI2, played the servant girl Yvette in &quot;Interview with the Vampire.&quot;<br />Anyway, the movie is okay--a definite guy movie with a lot of action, but don't expect anything else.  The DVD, of course, has everything on it--including the video to Metallica's &quot;I Disappear.&quot;  As a Metallica fan, that's the best thing about it in my opinion.
6305627401|5.0|South Park is probably one of the greatest satires, and the greatest musical, in motion picture history.  It takes an extremely vulgar, yet true look at society.  For those who think this movie is bad just because of the bashing of God, and consider it an immoral movie, you are too narrow-minded to understand the true meanings behind the movie, which, by the way, are the evils of censorship within modern society.
0800141806|5.0|Philadelphia was Jonathan Demme's follow up to Silence Of The Lambs.  Doing a 180 degree turn in stories, Philadelphia is basically a courtroom drama with Andrew Beckett, who is a gay man with the AIDS virus, suing his former employer, Wexler, Wheeler, a large, powerful and influential Philadelphia law firm, for wrongful termination based on discrimination due to his medical condition. Andy is an up and coming lawyer who is given a big and important case.  At a meeting with the partners, one of them notices a lesion on his head, but Andy makes a story up about it.  Andy works on the case while having some complications from his sickness.  He completes the work, but at the eleventh hour, the case is mysteriously lost and all records are lost.  The files are found, but Andy is terminated supposedly for incompetence and a bad attitude.  Andy decides to sue, but is turned down by many law firms, including Joe Miller who is an ambulance chaser with over the top TV ads, as they are afraid of the case.  Andy decides to represent himself, but when Joe, who is black, sees the treatment Andy receives at a law library, he agrees to represent him.  Joe has prejudices of his own as he hates homosexuals, but he believes Andy's rights have been violated.  Tom Hanks is absolutely stunning as Andy.  We see him slowly succumb to his disease and his transformation is startling.  He depicts Andy with grace and avoids any stereotypical characterizations.  Denzel Washington is equally amazing as Joe Miller.  He plays the role with the right amount of force, but peels back the layers to show an understanding side.  Joe is a blowhard and hardheaded, but in the end shows compassion.  Jason Robards is commanding as Mr. Wheeler, the bigwig at the law firm and Joanne Woodward plays Andy's mother with class. Mr. Demme gives a real feel for the city of Philadelphia. The movie was the first mainstream Hollywood film to make the subject of AIDS its main plotline.  The film walks a fineline and avoids becoming too preachy. Mr. Hanks deservedly won his first of his two consecutive Best Actor Oscars, but Mr. Washington was every bit his equal.  Bruce Springsteen also won an Oscar for his haunting song &quot;Streets Of Philadelphia&quot;.ids becoming too preachy. Mr. Hanks deservedly won his first of his two consecutive Best Actor Oscars, but Mr. Washington was every bit his equal.  Bruce Springsteen also won an Oscar for his haunting song &quot;Streets Of Philadelphia&quot;.
B00003CX8J|4.0|Last summer, I went to see this film with a group of friends, having never watched a single episode of the show or read a single comic book.  Naturally, I had to have some things explained to me--like the background or significance of certain characters, or the meaning of certain jokes--like comments pertaining to &quot;yellow spandex.&quot;<br />However, I found the film to be fun and entertaining.  I thought the story-line about evolution and the fear and suppression of a group of minorities to be fascinating and significant, and I enjoyed the opening sequence about the WWII concentration camp.<br />The special effects are superb, and there is enough action to appeal to mainstream audiences.  Never before have I seen a movie that can be simultaneaously appealing to both mianstream audiences and a cult-following group of people.<br />Although I find some of the speculative technology in the film to be a bit hokey and unrealistic, I think that the movie is pleasing to both new viewers and old audiences alike.<br />The DVD itself is first class, with enough bonus material to please anyone.
B00004TH6O|4.0|Rated R by Queens of the Stone Age is a swirling, crashing, heavy rock record.  The band employs crunching guitar riffs and thumping bass lines that harkens back to classic garage rock bands like the MC5 and The Stooges.  Songs like &quot;Feel Good Hit Of The Summer&quot;, &quot;Quick &amp; To The Pointless&quot;, &quot;The Lost Art Of Keeping A Secret&quot;, &quot;Lightning Song&quot; &amp; &quot;In The Fade&quot; have an immediatecy and intensity and they sound fresh and new.  The songs sounds like they were made up on the spot and the album recorded in one continuos take.  Unlike so many of the new rock bands that combine different musical genres, the Queens just play straight up music.
B00000JGOJ|4.0|This unique film about love and circumstance is a light but powerful film with an all-star cast.<br />Gillian Anderson (&quot;The X-Files&quot;), Angelina Jolie (&quot;Girl, Interrupted,&quot; &quot;Gone in 60 Seconds&quot;), and Madeleine Stowe (&quot;12 Monkeys,&quot; &quot;The Last of the Mohicans&quot;) star as three sisters with completely different lives and personalities.  Sean Connery and Gena Rowlands (&quot;The Mighty&quot;) play their parents.  The film also contains a hilarious performance by Jon Stewart of Comedy Central's &quot;The Daily Show,&quot; and great performances by Ryan Phillipe (&quot;The Way of the Gun,&quot; &quot;Cruel Intentions&quot;) and Dennis Quaid (&quot;Frequency,&quot; &quot;Inner Space&quot;).<br />&quot;Playing by Heart&quot; is a real treat, and I don't even like romantic comedies.  But this is more of a story of chance and fate than anything else, with some really interesting characters and touching revelations.<br />A real winner, in my opinion.<br />The DVD itself is pretty plain, but that's okay.  I bought it for the movie, not for special features.
0070511136|5.0|As a salesperson involved in very large sales, I found this book to be very helpful since it lacked the gimmicks you find in so many other books. He didn't suggest outrageous things that might only work once and that every other person calling on the customer is trying to use. He backs up his findings with &quot;research&quot; (I'm no research expert, but I think that most groups weren't statistically significant) but it helped to get across the point of the book. I would really recommend this book because you can read it very quickly and use his advice to further your sales right away. I read it before an important meeting with a CIO and used his tactics, which opened the door to advancement and a product demo. I think I'll be much more successful this year than last.
0553573403|5.0|This is a follow-up of a review made a few years ago (below).<br /><br />This series is like having your favorite Uncle start telling you an fabulous bedtime story. The first night he spins an excellent tale for hours until he stops, much to your protest, and says he'll continue the next night. He does this for two more nights without finishing this incredible tale. Then you wake up on the fifth morning to find your Uncle's gone home without telling you when he'll be back.<br /><br />These stories are fantastic but after waiting for the next novel to come out and have it delayed for over a year, the frustration level mounts. The plot lines are complicated enough that I will probably have to go back and read some of the novels again and that's no small feat for 800+ page books.<br /><br />With the time investment of these novels, it might be best to wait till all are published before reading for once you've started, you will be running to the bookstore for the next installment.<br /><br />_________________________________________________________________________<br /><br />After reading Science Fiction and Fantasy for 30 years I thought I had exhausted my search for a well written fantasy book that wasn't the SAME plotline over and over and over!  \\"A Game of Thrones\\" is well crafted and has intrigue that will keep you with this book to the very end.  After 800 pages I am looking forward to getting the second book which is something I havn't said for a long long time.
B0000524E5|1.0|Wow.  This was bad.  The only redeeming quality was the babes in the tight leather pants.  Take those scenes and those girls out of this clunker and you quite possibly have the worst movie ever made.  But Tyra did look good.....Would I recommend it? - sure, if nothing else for the visuals, which is really the only reason this film was made.  It's sort of like Maxim magazine on film.  Just watch it with the sound off, maybe while listening to a good CD.  Believe me, you won't miss anything.
0440219078|5.0|This book opened up your mind and made you think.  It is a truly original book.  I couldn't put it down. It's like a mystery putting everything together.  After reading it you look at life differently.
B00004Z459|5.0|Well, I was expecting to get One Step Closer and like 2 good songs.What I got was an amazing debut. As soon as I put this in the CD player it was amazing.The only song I don't like is &quot;Cure for the Itch&quot; but there's  no vocals so it doesn't count.Other than that, this cd is  flawless. It sounds different from any other cd I've ever  bought with this techno sound.And don't get me wrong,this sound is incredibly addictive.Check it Out.
B000001Y42|5.0|This cd is a great album. This is back when the band were one of the more hard working bands, strong at work to produce something for the fans. Not for TRL.<br />This cd like the others isn't rambling or stupid at points. The whole thing is basically a display of late 90's male aggression. The early 90's focused way too much on being PC and being nice to people and Limp Bizkit's music was the backlash.<br />The album takes on the topic of women who are abusive to men on songs like &quot;Stuck&quot; and &quot;Sour&quot; to the straight out angry at society piece &quot;Pollution&quot;. &quot;Counterfeit&quot; is just a good song about people who are just completely fake and do things because it's cool. &quot;Stalemate&quot; is a great aggressive piece and good lyrically too (Yes, I called Fred Durst's lyrics good)<br />this is a must have cd for any collection. In three words: GO GET IT.
B000022TSF|5.0|Simply the best piece of cinematic art ever produced. The intracies and subtlety demand repeat viewings. For anyone that appreciates Film Noir, this is a magnum opus.
B00004ZEQX|3.0|Like most Fulci horror films, it has its good and its bad. It is entertaining, scary, and laughable all at once. The fx is at times painfully fake and other times competent. Fulci throws in his standard slash and slice sexual allusions. In all his films, somehow, whether it be in the acting, the story, or the fx,  Fulci always leaves something to be desired and mucks things up. Still, it adds up to being a fine guilty pleasure.<br />It is in the simple scenes and the gloomy setting that the film works well. But, in other scenes it is painfully bad (though entertaining) like- the attack by the Uber-bat, or when the Nanny is mopping up gore on the kitchen floor, the wife asks what she's doing, the Nanny's reply, `I made coffee', and then the wife just moves on ignoring the weird response and the slaughterhouse mess on the floor. One must also mention that the film completely falls apart at the end which is puzzling, abrupt, and downright silly. <br />The Diamond Entertainment DVD is great for the budget concious movie fan. The picture and sound are more than adequate considering the price, and the film is uncut.
0375500901|5.0|I walk to work, and at this time of year, I'm often walking in the dark. I take the same route every day, which takes me from a side street to a main street about a quarter-mile from my house. Anyway, one morning shortly after finishing this book, I had just turned on to the main street when a car came down the hill at the same time as a car was traveling from the opposite direction. And my first thought was, &quot;Oh, my goodness, they've caught me!&quot; And my second thought was, &quot;Wait a minute, I'm not a spy.&quot; This book is that engrossing ... you get completely caught up in the whole spy story until it takes over your life. And I mean that in a *good* way.
B00003CXP1|5.0|There are so many words to describe this movie, but I think the most powerful movie I have ever seen in my life so far pretty much sums up wha I think about this movie. It took me three attempts to see this movie while it was in the theater (you see I live in Tulsa, Oklahoma and there isn't much of an independent movie scene here, so all the independent movies go to one certain theater and are only there for about 2 or 3 weeks). I'm a big fan of Darren Aronofsky's &quot;Pi&quot; and II had previously read about Requiem in IFP and one of my friend's had mentioned it to me a couple of times, so I read some reviews about it and the reviews were a little bit mixed up, because some critics liked it and some didn't so I decided that I would have to see for my self. When I finally got a chance to see it (the first time they owuldn't sell me tickets, the second time I had to run out of the theater before the security guards got to me, and then the third time I actually got to see it) So when I actually did see it I was so amazed. It scared the crap out of me, because some of the stuff is just pretty weird and random and just seeing the horrors of drugs is the other scary thing. The acting in this movie is extremely good. You feel for the characters by the end of the movie. After I saw the movie it just kept playing through my head and I kept thinking about the music, so the next day I went out and bought the soundtrack. I don't know why certain critics knock on this movie, because it is so amazing. Well good movie.
0679720200|3.0|My mediocre rating is for the translation - not for the novel (which is magnificent).  Matthew Ward's humdrum translation makes me prize all the more the original, Stuart Gilbert, translation, which I grew up with and which became so indistinguishable from Camus' own voice.  Ward is an American, which is somehow an explanation for his nondescript prose.  Robert Frost, who penned the title of this review, was also an American, capable nonetheless of writing slendidly and evocatively.  I know that Camus tried to flatten out his prose, but I cannot believe it's as flat as Ward's.
1573228214|4.0|loved this one because it's probably the truest treatise about men and how they look at life that i've read in a long time...music is merely a metaphor the real issue in this book is obsession, how much it can control our lives and how it can shape the way we look at other people...you can hear the music as you read this book...
B000002VC3|4.0|This album is a classic. It has some of the &quot;very best&quot; tracks of the band. Although I haven't listened to all the albums by the band, I think this is a highlight. &quot;Sirius&quot; is a great opening song and the intro to &quot;Eye in the sky&quot;. &quot;Eye in the sky&quot; is the best song (IMO) in the album and a major hit of soft rock. &quot;Children of the moon&quot; is another great one with great lyrics. &quot;Gemini&quot; is a wonderful song and one of my favourites. &quot;Silence and I&quot; is another super-song with a great orchestration in the middle. Rough. &quot;You're gonna get your fingers burned&quot; is true ROCK-'N'-ROLL!! I like it, although it isn't the best song in the album. &quot;Psychobabble&quot; is a gem and it's a difficult song. &quot;Mammagamma&quot; is a simple (but not bad) instrumental song. &quot;Step by step&quot; is (maybe) the worst song in the album, although it seems like a single due to its catchy chorus. &quot;Old and wise&quot; is (IMO) the second best song in the album, after the title track. Vocals and the saxophone solo are brilliant. Buy this cd. It's a real-progressive-soft-rock masterpiece!
B000053NYB|2.0|this hurricane story should have been made as documentary instead of the highly hyped movies. i fell asleep and awoke so many times during the long darkness. there almost no story at all and i would prefer watching the 'green mile' or 'shoshine redemption(?} three times in a row instead of watching this bore-to-death movies. terrible waste of the great danzel washington. lousy director and screenplay. take a shot of nicotin or caffeine before inserting the video tape and turning on the tv in case you fell sleep.
B000002VC3|4.0|This album is a classic. It has some of the &quot;very best&quot; tracks of the band. Although I haven't listened to all the albums by the band, I think this is a highlight. &quot;Sirius&quot; is a great opening song and the intro to &quot;Eye in the sky&quot;. &quot;Eye in the sky&quot; is the best song (IMO) in the album and a major hit of soft rock. &quot;Children of the moon&quot; is another great one with great lyrics. &quot;Gemini&quot; is a wonderful song and one of my favourites. &quot;Silence and I&quot; is another super-song with a great orchestration in the middle. Rough. &quot;You're gonna get your fingers burned&quot; is true ROCK-'N'-ROLL!! I like it, although it isn't the best song in the album. &quot;Psychobabble&quot; is a gem and it's a difficult song. &quot;Mammagamma&quot; is a simple (but not bad) instrumental song. &quot;Step by step&quot; is (maybe) the worst song in the album, although it seems like a single due to its catchy chorus. &quot;Old and wise&quot; is (IMO) the second best song in the album, after the title track. Vocals and the saxophone solo are brilliant. Buy this cd. It's a real-progressive-soft-rock masterpiece!
B00000K19E|3.0|I have read about half of the reviews for this movie and there seems to be an overwhelming consensus that this is the best science fiction movie ever made.  I beg to differ.  2001: A Space Odyssey, Brazil, Gattaca, and Bladerunner are better contenders for that title.  Most reviewers are quick to point out the innovative special effects and the &quot;complicated&quot; plot rewarded by multiple viewings.  Well, I cannot argue about the effects, that's where all three stars come from.  They are superb, if not a bit overdone.  I can't help but think that this movie is nothing but a long music video.  Maybe that's why it's such a crowd pleaser.  I found the plot a bit irritating for my tastes.  I suppose it is because I am somewhat familiar with science fiction motiffs that I cannot find this movie daringly original.  Unlike most reviewers who had to watch the movie so many times to &quot;get it,&quot; I already had the ending pegged halfway through.  The plot is not complicated except to the lazy-minded with attention spans that approach infinitely close to zero.  The script is a pile of not-so-subtle religious allegory heaped with a bit of watered-down Baudrillard, some pseudo-Eastern philosophy, and tons of science fiction cliche.  What annoys me the most about this film (aside from the typical-love-conquers-all ending) is the way it pretends to make grandiose statements on such profound topics as the nature of reality, man vs. machine, and conformity, when all it really turns out to be is an action flick dressed up in pseudo-intellectual garb.  The &quot;ideas&quot; in this movie are grossly underdeveloped and though new to most, are actually centuries-old concepts and questions.  I would like to say that this movie might be an entry point into an engaging intellectual discourse, but I know that most viewers will not bother to look too far into the traces of philosophy and literature littered throughout this film.  More likely, they will just watch it again and again for its special effects and remain content with the sketchy patchwork of ideas that are simply COOL, FAR-OUT, TRIPPY, or MIND-BLOWING.  In this way, the film fails as a philosophical and/or allegorical investigation.  The effects are so &quot;COOL&quot; that they overshadow the limited intellectual content of the movie.  Most viewers would rather wait for that kick-a** sequel or a Matrix video game than actually pick up a book and read.  The allegory and symbolism are applied so heavy-handedly that the viewer doesn't even have to think all that hard.  All in all, we have a great action movie with some good effects, but little else to offer, especially in the thought department. ALL FORM, NO CONTENT.
0385486804|4.0|A young man gives away all his money and willingly hikes out alone into the wilds of Alaska with little outdoor experience and with almost no food.  Months later, his diary is found beside his body in an abandoned school bus deep in the wilderness.  Reading the daily diary entries, written while McCandless knew he was slowly starving to death, is absolutely chilling.<br />Only after I started to read Into the Wild did I realize that it is about Chris McCandless, and that I actually went to college with him at Emory.  He was two years behind me, and the chills really ran up my spine when I found his picture in my yearbook.  This story is very creepy and compelling, shedding light on the rarely discussed issue of the dark side of high adventure pushed too far.<br />Jon Krakauer is an excellent writer, and I would have rated this one higher.  At just over 200 pages, however, it is very short and reads more like an extended magazine article.  I think Krakauer could have fleshed out the story out a little more, but the bare bones style he adopts here is still quite effective.
0375500901|5.0|This is the best book I have read in years! I was up all night reading it, couldnt put it down. Fabulous characters and great plot with shocking twists! Silva has created another fun, entertaining book. Keep them coming!
0571179924|5.0|This gripping narrative exposes Midwest mob influence in Las Vegas during the 1970-80's.  Author Nicholas Pileggi focuses on four major characters.  The most prominent was ex-sports handicapper and bookie Frank \\"Lefty\\" Rosenthal, who became an innovative casino manager.  Lefty ran the casino at the Stardust Hotel, the location from where the Chicago and Kansas City  syndicates skimmed millions in gambling revenues.  We also read about Lefty's friend and mob enforcer Tony Spilotro, front man Allen Glick, and Lefty's glamorous but volatile wife Geri.  The author describes casino operations, financing by teamster pensions, and gambling executives who knew enough to look the other way.  We also see how unchecked greed and ego can destroy casino operators as surely as it does some of their customers.  The book's only weakness was that Pileggi seemed to go easy on a couple of the major characters.  <br />\\"Casino\\" became a 1995 movie of the same name.  Pileggi also wrote \\"Wiseguy,\\" basis for another excellent mob film (\\"Goodfellas\\") by Martin Scorsese.  \\"Casino\\" doesn't quite match \\"Wiseguy,\\" but it's a highly readable and informative book.
B0000039PW|5.0|Because he is.  The epitome of what good hard rap should be.  He proves his supremecy on this legendary LP.  Don't waste time worrying over this purchase.  Buy it and know that you are smarter than everyone else who hasn't.  Biggie Smalls shows his power, intellect, and diversity and he manages to to cram everything into this album.  He demonstrates all aspects of his emotions as well as all aspects of his talent.  Hard, soft, humor, along with mad rhymes, phat beats and tight flows that you won't ever stop listening to.  Buy it.
B000002C2E|5.0|Beautiful Music!  I love this guy!  He is a genius.<br />In the seventies, Dylan released an album called &quot;Blood On The Tracks.&quot;  This album is a landmark.  This album is very very good, but isn't the same as that old album from the seventies.<br />I hate to say this about Bobby, but I truely believe that the only reason he got the Grammy for this album was because they figured we missed the chance to give it to him in his prime...let's make up for it now!  I also believe they did the same with Tony Bennet, Eric Clapton, and Carlos Santana.  Now, don't get me wrong, all these are very good albums...but they aren't as good as their older albums.  We could also go through the whole crisis where John Lennon &amp; Yoko Ono got the award, I believe, because John had just died, and so they gave it to Yoko out of sympathy!<br />But enough about everyone else.  Bob is a great thinker and a poetic songwriter!  The songs &quot;Not Dark Yet&quot;, &quot;Cold Irons Bound&quot;, &quot;To Make You Feel My Love&quot;, and &quot;Standing In The Doorway&quot; prove that!  I hope that my children will be able to see the beauty in Dylan's music just as I have!  I also hope that Jakob can put the infamous Dylan talent into his band to keep his father's legend alive long after he leaves us!
B0000029GA|5.0|You can't claim that you like, know or even respect rap unless you've heard this CD.  You best go out and buy it.  This debut by Nas is by far his best.  It seems he's been bitten by the sophmore release virus.  He can't put out anything that sounds as good as this.  Raw, good, solid rap that hasn't been messed with by producers and commercialism.  Excellent.  Go buy it.  I only hope Nas can reproduce the genius that he captured on this record.
630476524X|4.0|Now let's set the record straight.  I like Brandon Lee as much as the next guy, but everyone say the Crow was better.  I will say this as far as the bad guys are concerned.  You have my vote on the first movie.  Crow COA's bad guys were stupid except Kalie, she was a worthy &quot;bad girl.&quot;  There others were unrealistic and silly and that took away from the movie.      Now the COA's crow, Vincent Perez, lost it! As in, his elevator don't go to the top floor.  Being a parent and if I lost my son I'd lose it too.  He had a emotionless look every time he killed a bad guy.  It was like, he was this really nice guy, but after this.  He'd never be the same again.  Brandon Lee was at his best in the Crow, but he was just plain mad.  Then Brandon's character was hacked up as far as the comic book is concerned, all those who read it, knows.      Brandon has all the moves with the martial arts, but his character didn't seem too disturbed.  He was just mad that someone wizzed in his cornflakes.  In fact, he really didn't seem to act like a ghost like Perez did.  Bradon seemed like he was the same person before he died.  Perez basically haunted the bad guy before he killed him.  For example, he crashed through a skylight and says&quot;just the corpse of a familar face.&quot;  Then toys with him before he kills him.  Perez has a darker side than Lee does.     The COA had motorcycles in the movie.  The COA had a Ducati and a Harley.  Those who ride knows these are the two most respected bikes around.  Both sounds nice when rolling down the street.  The original Crow had to foot it all the time, unless he rode with the police,lol.  I know most people hates this movie, because Brandon Lee is not in here.  What were you expecting him to do an oncore?  Well, if you want Brandon Lee don't see this movie, but if you like the Crow as in comic book.  You'll like this one, trust me.
B00004Z311|5.0|This movie was one of my favorites from the 80's fantasy genre.  When a young forest boy (Jack) falls in love with a princess (Lily) he shows his love by taking her to see the most sacred of creatures, the Unicorns.  At the same time Darkness has his henchmen follow Lily to the unicorns and kill one of the for it's magical horn.  By killing the unicorn, Darkness is one step closer to conquering the world with the powers the horns give him.  One unicorn is left and it is up to Jack, Lily, and a few friends to protect it and restore the balance to the universe that Darnkess stole.
B000003BEV|4.0|In exploring psychedelicised rock, Their Satanic Majesties Request is quite essential, as has been shown by many reviews below. But in exploring very peculiar albums (this certainly is one) the follow-up is always problematic for interested listeners. Therefore, anyone who knows Their Satanic Majesties already and likes it: try Primal Scream's Vanishing Point - it starts off as a 90s version of this odd Stones album.
0385484518|4.0|this book represent how one human being can accept and moreover appreciate his life to his last day. not many of us can do that. a lot of times many of us who live in modern society forget how to appreciate life. to say that this book would change life is over rated but there are certainly wonderful lessons that may be a constant reminder to all of us.
6304712936|4.0|The movie is excellent but the &quot;much acclaimed music only soundtrack&quot; consists of the original soundtrack with long spaces where dialog has been muted - unless you enjoy listening to lenghty silences interspersed with snatches of music, don't buy this DVD to listen only to the music!
B000002LRX|4.0|Bought this album the day it came out.  Great pictures of meat in the insert--makes me hungry every time I look at it.  Much tougher to digest than &quot;the real thing&quot;, but well worth effort.  Is anyone else here hungry?
B00000K19E|1.0|This movie IS A WASTE OF TIME. SOOO MANY PEOPLE THOUGHT HEY!!!!!!! THIS IS A GREAT MOVIE THAT REALLY HAS A WONDERFUL PLOT AND GREAT EFFECTS AND A GREAT MESSAGE BLAH BLAH BLAH. First, this movie did have good effects. SO WHAT!!!!!!!!!!! There are plenty of other movies out there that have great effects without the horrible cast (excluding whats her name). Secondly, people often brag about the excellence of plot. WRONG! The plot is full of riduculous holes that make me wonder what people are smoking. I know that as a whole, people are dumb and individually they are smart. DON'T LISTEN TO OTHER PEOPLE ON THIS ONE! Make up your own mind!!!! I do think that this movie is ok, but the fact that constant delays have held up any sequel (lack of any feasible plot namely)will show it to be less of a profound or incredible movie than people think. LASTLY, THIS MOVIE IS NOT PROFOUND IN ANY SENSE OF THE WORD!!!!!!!! The message that we live in some sort of &quot;Matrix&quot; has been done in different but similar forms (i.e. 1984 &quot;Big brother is watching you&quot;) anyway, the point of my argument is to MAKE UP YOUR OWN MIND! Don't let others influence you on your opinion of this movie.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|The beattles are the best rock band ever and this album shows why that is true!
B00004XOWM|1.0|Firstly let me say one thing. I view music for its qualities and whether it will stand up on its own merits in x number of years. Great music is timeless irrespective of the era it originated from. It should not be judged positively if the artist is the product of media advertising or commercial popularity. I collect and love music from classical, ragtime, swing, bigband, delta blues, country, r&amp;r, psych, metal, avant garde, jazz, experimental, techno and even rap. This band and its output is THE LOWEST COMMON DENOMINATOR in popular music I have heard. It represents the dumbing down to a lobotomy of a long and rich musical heritage in music. My theory is this. Rap moves out of its original sources and seeps out into suburban white America. The original ideologies and talent is transformed into a banal, pathetic excuse for noise which even the most tone deaf and untalented industrialist could improve upon if they had no arms or legs and were fed on a diet of baked beans. This is narcissistic, moronic, penis/cranuim intertwined garbage. If you really think this has any qualities I do feel sorry for you as you were dealt a cruel hand in life. If you think this album says something or if it gives you a bit of spine because it says things you are too gutless to say or do then face it, you can't cut it in this world. What's the word - Loser, that's it. Get a life and explore the huge amount of music that is actually created by artists with intelligence and talent.
B00004RD54|5.0|This collection of tunes rocks hard. To you pseudo-intellectuals who complain that the guitars all sound the same and obscure the poet in Lou, I say, &quot;This is in your face rock and if you don't get it, curl up with your peace-pipe and listen to Joni Mitchell.&quot; Hunter and Wagner are one of the premier guitar tandems from this era and they show why on this CD. They kick you in the groin with their attack and have Sweet Lou scrambling to keep up. For the record...I like the way he sings and I like the power that these songs take on when amped up beyond the threshold of pain. This is arena rock at arena rock's finest...no apologies necessary.
0486282112|1.0|although dover thrift editions are good for those of us who have very little money, i want to warn others, like me, who are not willing to scrape the bottom of the barrel. i made the mistake of ordering this and the symposium thrift editions and do regret it... i should have known that holding this book in my hands would be frustrating due to its awkward size and pagination.  the words are crammed together and difficult to look at.  (these cheapies make one aware that there is something to the art of publishing.)  if you are sure that there is no other way you will read these important works, then, by all means, go ahead... but if you have to give up that cup of coffee tomorrow morning instead of going the cheapest route: please do so!  i don't think you will regret it!
B00003CX9E|3.0|This is a creamy, striking movie from the studio system of the early 40s but it certainly isn't the greatest movie of all time. What bothers me about it is that Orson Welles performed a vicious butchery on W.R. Hearst and his adorable, charming mistress, Marion Davies. In the movie, Welle's wife is portrayed as a vicious, alcoholic harridan with no talent. Marion Davies was a glimmering star who specialized in comedy, who charmed everyone--but Welles. Even he admitted in later years that he felt a little &quot;ashamed&quot; of having butchered Davies because her career was effectively destroyed by &quot;Kane.&quot; As for Welles portrayal of Hearst, it was just a wonderful chance to parade Welle's egomania before the camera, going from young sprout to old, dying man. What a hambone. &quot;Citizen Kane&quot; is definitely worth seeing for those who are curious as to why it's regarded as &quot;the greatest movie of all time.&quot; If they're like everyone I know, they'll shake their heads and say: &quot;Give me 'Gone With the Wind' anyday.&quot;
B000000JO3|5.0|The term &quot;must-have album&quot; is so overused, but this CD compilation earns it for anybody who is a fan of punk, particularly hardcore.<br />This is an awesome, uncompromising, incredibly powerful album that nicely captures the intensity and exuberant self-righteousness of Minor Threat. The raw speed and power of MT is still impressive, even confined to a safe medium like a CD. The anger, the energy, the intensity, the speed -- fantastic, track after track. Some of my personal favorites: &quot;I Don't Wanna Hear It,&quot; &quot;Straight Edge,&quot; &quot;Minor Threat,&quot; &quot;In My Eyes,&quot; &quot;Cashing In&quot; -- but all of the songs on this album are a kick!<br />With all the punk-as-fashion stuff going on these days, this album should (hopefully) put the lie to the poser posse (&quot;SLC: Punk,&quot; anyone?) and send them running for the next fad something quick. Which is fine by me, as it leaves the field open for folks (like me) who still love old-school punk.
B00004Z459|5.0|This is the best CD I've ever heard. At least 5 tracks are really cool and the rest are all pretty good. There's no annoying tracks, all of them have catchy tunes and words that actually make sense and rhyme at the same time. I've listened to it like ten times since I got it 2 days ago and none of it has gotten old.
0884271137|5.0|Golabratt explores the theme of GOAL, in marketing context.  In his earlier book &quot; GOAL&quot;, his focus was on production management. The revolution was to move from COST-world to Throughput world. In this book, he continues this approach with the same hero in the context of marketing management. He are also uses family background in expert way. It starts with a tussle with her daughter ( whether she can go to party or not). He introduces his notation of conflict diagram. He arrives at a win-win solution using the analysis. In the professional front, top management decides to sell off the units under him. The stroy is how he deals with this challenge : both professionally, morally. The case of publishing unit is well developed. The unit is allowed to be recognisized as a model unit in the printing &amp; publishing industry. Other units get quotes beyond the earlier expectations of the management. Well written. There is a balance between management theory and human angle.
B00004ZEQX|4.0|This is an excellent Fulci film with plenty of graphic deaths. The DVD from Diamond Entertainment is great, and for only 6 odd bucks, it's a steal. The picture quality is taken from the laserdisc and is fantastic, and best of all it's completely uncut &amp; in widescreen. There are no extras, but what would you expcet?
6305750750|5.0|First off, I remember when my wife and I went to see this movie in the theatre. When the music started and the classic yellow scrolling text began, chills went down my spine. From that point onward, I was once again drawn into the world of Star Wars and when the movie ended, I was excited, exhilirated and disappointed (that it ended). Yes, I loved this movie as much as the second installment.<br />For all those who despised this movie and complained about the lack of character development, maybe you need to go back and watch Episode IV. There wasn't that much character development there either. It was a swashbuckling, space adventure period. Not much of a human element to it at that time, and that's what is was meant to be.<br />The characters during the Empire regime did NOT develop themselves in The New Hope. The actual development of the characters didn't come through until Episode V, The Empire Strikes Back and it wasn't completed until the end of Episode VI.<br />Episode I sets the ground for Anakin's fall from Jedi to Darth Vader. The next episode builds on Anakin's training as well as introducing us to Uncle Owen and Aunt Beru, so we'll hopefully gain some more insight as to how they are really related to Luke because in Episode I, Anakin was an only child (as far as we know). So whose &quot;Uncle&quot; and &quot;Aunt&quot; are they really? Or, is that how Luke was raised to believe?<br />The only other thing I don't know at this time is, will we find out who Luke's mother really is? IS it the Queen? If so, what happens to her after Anakin becomes Darth Vader? These questions should hopefully be answered by the end of Episode III, since that will show Anakin's downfall to Darth Sidious/Emperor Palpatine.<br />The characters will be fully defined at that point. But then, who needs to know? We KNOW what Senator Palpatine is like. We KNOW who Anakin will become. We already know about Obi Wan in some respects.<br />As for Jar Jar, call me crazy, but I liked him. I didn't think he was annoying. Maybe it's still the kid in me (and my 5 year daughter loves him). Maybe I still have that quality I had when I was 11 years old and saw Star Wars for the first time in the theatres. Overall, it was a way to get a new generation of children introduced to Star Wars. Heck, go back and watch the antics between C3PO and R2D2. They were there for comic relief as well. Look at what happens to C3PO and all the things he says. He can be just as clumsy as Jar Jar. But, noone complains about him. In fact, I remember C3PO and R2D2 being compared to Laurel and Hardy when Star Wars first came out. They added some comic relief with the banter that went on between them.<br />Episode I has me excited for the next two installments to see how Anakin falls to the Emperor and how the Empire eventually comes into power. We already know how it started with Palpatine becoming Chancelor. Plus, C3PO won't have to join a nudist colony since he'll finally get some coverings.<br />On a different note, did anyone notice during the scenes in the Senate where ET makes an appearance? I didn't notice that in the theatres, but I did in the movie. My 5-year-old daughter loves it since she loves ET.<br />If you're a TRUE Star Wars fan, this movie is a must-see and is very enjoyable, even with some loopholes in the story, such as Obi Wan stating he was trained by Yoda in Empire Strikes Back and it ends up being Qui Gon. Of course, once Qui Gon was killed, Yoda could still be a &quot;mentor&quot; to Obi Wan. Who's to say a Jedi's training is done once he's given the title of Jedi? There's always more to learn, even in real life.<br />My hats off to George Lucas. I was NOT disappointed in the least bit from this movie.I didn't think he was annoying. Maybe it's still the kid in me (and my 5 year daughter loves him). Maybe I still have that quality I had when I was 11 years old and saw Star Wars for the first time in the theatres. Overall, it was a way to get a new generation of children introduced to Star Wars. Heck, go back and watch the antics between C3PO and R2D2. They were there for comic relief as well. Look at what happens to C3PO and all the things he says. He can be just as clumsy as Jar Jar. But, noone complains about him. In fact, I remember C3PO and R2D2 being compared to Laurel and Hardy when Star Wars first came out. They added some comic relief with the banter that went on between them.<br />Episode I has me excited for the next two installments to see how Anakin falls to the Emperor and how the Empire eventually comes into power. We already know how it started with Palpatine becoming Chancelor. Plus, C3PO won't have to join a nudist colony since he'll finally get some coverings.<br />On a different note, did anyone notice during the scenes in the Senate where ET makes an appearance? I didn't notice that in the theatres, but I did in the movie. My 5-year-old daughter loves it since she loves ET.<br />If you're a TRUE Star Wars fan, this movie is a must-see and is very enjoyable, even with some loopholes in the story, such as Obi Wan stating he was trained by Yoda in Empire Strikes Back and it ends up being Qui Gon. Of course, once Qui Gon was killed, Yoda could still be a &quot;mentor&quot; to Obi Wan. Who's to say a Jedi's training is done once he's given the title of Jedi? There's always more to learn, even in real life.<br />My hats off to George Lucas. I was NOT disappointed in the least bit from this movie.
0064400557|4.0|I read this book about 15 years ago as part of the assignment when I was in school. Last week, when I tried to organize my books. I accidentally found &quot;Charlotte's Web&quot;. I began reading this book again and quickly finish within 2 days.      The relationship between Wilber and Charlotte would be a good lesson for children. Without the help from Charlotte, WIlber would definitely be killed and even finally it was a little bit sad, but it is the way of life.      I wouldn't go for the detail of the story, you should read it yourself. This book is beautifully written and easy to understand. Other animals in the farm also made the story sometimes funny. It will give a lot of imagination for children. By the way I'm now 27 but still enjoy this such wonderful story.
B00004XPP0|5.0|To all those out there complaining of this re-release, I'm am glad. I have the original pre-special editions. I never purchased the special editions and never got to see them in the theatres when they came out in 1997 (had a new-born and that took up all my time).<br />So, when I eventually went out to purchase these movies (just before Episode I came out), I was disappointed to find that they were no longer in stock and that they stopped all production of them.<br />So, this re-release has allowed me to purchase what I never got to see before and own them.<br />I have ENJOYED the added/touched-up scenes. Case in point - the Cloud City scenes. It seems SO much more open and spacious now, compared to the crampt feeling you envision in the original. As for the Jabba the Hut scene in Episode IV, it allows you to understand more about WHY Han had a bounty on his head. I read the original book back in 1977, so I knew who Jabba was, even though I wondered why he wasn't in the movie. Heck, he was even in the comic book edition of the movie, so I was REALLY confused as to why he wasn't there. So, the scene helps build up to Episode VI when we finally come back to Jabba. The only gripe I have is, how did he get so big so quickly? I mean, how much time has really elapsed between Episode IV and VI? Jabba must have been stuffing his face since Han left him hanging dry in Episode IV.<br />In any case, this release is a God-send for me to finally own all four episodes. The wide-screen edition is what I purchased and like the other reviewers stated, it allows you to see the scene as it was meant to be, since movies are formatted for the theatres, not your TV screen. In fact, I bought another copy of Episode I. This time, I purchased the Widescreen edition.<br />Thank you George Lucas for re-releasing this timeless classic so that I can finally own it.
B00004Z459|5.0|When I first heard Linkin Park debut single &quot;One Step Closer,&quot; I was immediately drawn to the song.  The melody cought my ear as few songs do.  I was afraid that this album would be that of another &quot;one-hit wonder&quot; and that I would be wasting my money.  I was so very wrong!  Linkin Park is sure to go far with their style that pleases both hip-hop and rock fans (including those who only like one style--for LP they surely make an exception).  Another thing that pleased me was the lack of cursing or violence.  Perhaps the most violent piece of this album is &quot;Shut up when I'm talking to you.&quot;  These lyrics mean something; they aren't the mindless and repetitive words of a group that already knows that their popularity will bring the fame that their lyrics fail to.  They don't make you shudder at the thought of what the words are actually saying.  These are the primary downfalls of such artists as Korn and Limp Bizkit.  Linkin Park is a little bit of everything rather than a lot of nothing.  I'll be listening to this CD on repeat for a long time.  I'm certain that you will too.
B00001ODHJ|4.0|Sam Raimi (&quot;Darkman,&quot; &quot;A Simple Plan&quot;) directs and Bruce Campbell (&quot;Xena,&quot; &quot;Congo&quot;) stars in this incredibly cheesy film- but cheesy in the sense that WOW- that is some great-tasting cheddar there, baby! <br /> Campbell is Ash, who rivals Mel Gibson's fantastic Max character for cult popularity. As Campbell plays him, Ash is certainly unhinged; anyone who'd chop off his hand and replace it with a chainsaw isn't exactly sparking on all cylinders. <br /> This time out, Ash finds himself transported to a strangely barren medieval England where he battles his own evil dead doppelganger for possession of a magic book that can send him back to his own era... and his job at &quot;S-Mart.&quot; Lots of knights versus skeletons mayhem ensues. <br /> This is just some popcorn-munchin' entertainment, perfect for getting together with a six-pack of brew and some friends and letting director Sam Raimi and Campbell take you along for the fun. It features some nice effects- they strike the perfect balance between state-of-the-art and gorgonzola, just right for this cheeky film. The script is a hoot, with a lot of B-movie style one-liners perfectly delivered by Campbell. There's even a funny tribute to &quot;The Day the Earth Stood Still.&quot; <br /> Underappreciated by the public at large, but well-worth your time.
B000000W94|3.0|Gary Moore owns/uses Peter Green's actual early guitar. He tries hard to reproduce the magic of Peter Green's music but only succeeds on one track - the supernatural. In general this album disappoints. Listen to the original Peter Green recordings that Gary Moore imitates on this album to see what I mean. The originals are just that, original, fresh and broke new ground. Peter Green was one of a kind and unfortunately Gary Moore while techincally good, does not add anything new to Green's brilliance.
B000051VWW|5.0|This may be her best piece of work ever.  I will not try to convey how much I love this woman's music, as well as the Sweetback project my Matthewman, Hale and Denman.  I only wish to commemorate The four that comprise Sade on creating an album that is complete, original, refreshing, modern, and deeply conscious.<br />Back to my first point... this may be the best Sade album ever.  She touched on all her classic points: Being in love, heartbreak, and human struggle.   And she does so in a way that is new.  The groundbreaking musicality in the &quot;Sweetback&quot; album shines through on this one.  In conjunction with Sade's perspective and beautiful voice, each and every track glows with intensity.<br />Fluid and soft basslines, innovative guitar use (that is relatively new to the group) and use of ambient sounds has created a very modern feel.  The ability to incorporate this while maintaining the original Sade feel is amazing!  The Love Deluxe album was fresh and modern as well, but depended mainly on electronic medium. This cd takes the sound as well as the listener to a new place that is very familiar, yet very fresh.<br />Some say this can't be compared to the other albums because of its vast differences.  But I can say whether or not I enjoy this album as much as the others.  The answer is a resounding YES.  This album has stayed in constant rotation in my cd changer since it was released in November.  I encourage all to pick up this album, as it is a triumph in innovation as well as art.
6305897786|2.0|I am always up for a &quot;movie challenge&quot; but this film had me in stitches.  Johnny Depp and the mystery woman ride away on their bike..hair not moving...background that's obviously fake...Was this made in the 70's?  Also, the sex scene at the end with the mystery woman...the wild face...the terribly fake and overdone background coupled with even more hilarious music...I just could not get past the cheesy effects without howling with laughter...even the scene showing the dead Baroness in the wheelchair...more humor than fright.  Sorry, I wasn't impressed, but if you like campy...it's great!!!
0790729377|5.0|I can't imagine anyone giving this movie a bad review.  It is simply perfect.  Brando's performance has not been topped since, and is the performance by which all others should be compared, because it is completely flawless.  Men will watch this movie and come away acting like Stanley Kowalski.  Vivien Leigh's performance is almost as perfect.  It is very melodramatic, which fits her character like a glove.  The directing is par-excellence, as good as directing gets for Tennessee Williams' plays.  Of course the screenplay by Williams is simply beautiful, as beautiful as the written word could be.  There are lines in this movie that reach into you and stroke your heart from the inside.  The characters drive this movie, performing arial stunts with the written word, carrying on from where Williams left off when he wrote the play.  It is my favorite movie
B00003CX5P|5.0|Everybody talking about Starwars. But The Star Wars Series are historical movies. Unforgettable movies of all the time in cinema history. Everyman talks but everyman is not making a great film. <br />Thanks to Sir George Lucas for Star Wars.
6302797535|5.0|Peter Sellers is so incredibly great in this movie. Really, the whole cast is. They don't make movies like this anymore. Especially comedies. You have to actually pay attention to this film to get all the fine points of the gags and dialogue. I think I can quote it pretty much all the way through. My brother and I communicate solely through the use of movie quotations; this is our verbal tongue.
B000001GQD|5.0|Here are two undeniably controversial performances. I'm afraid the problem is neither with Richter nor even with the conductors, but simply with the way we listen to those works: both (especially Thaik.) much too well-known and (I'm sorry to say) less than masterpieces. Where has the editorial reviewer seen that Richter in his later years focused on the classical authors, Ican't imagine. I happened to attend a concert in Paris where, looking very old and very week (though not sounding so), he offered a dreadful Chopin and a magnificent Scriabin. I think it's always interesting to hear two great musicians cooperating in a work upon which they don't seem to have the same point of view : e.g. Richter/Fischer-Dieskau, Brendel/Fischer-Dieskau, Gould/Bernstein, Horowitz/Toscanini... and Richter/Karajan. Their Tchaikovsky concerto is always very musical : they make it sound as though there wasn't a single superfluous note in the score - goodness knows!... Of course, the soloist and the conductor seem to be a bit of a nuisance to each other, but it gives the performance a somewhat conflicting character that suits the piece very well. As for the Rach. 2, Richter gives a first-rate piano (and music) demonstration. Listen to the rythmic chord motive in the 1st movement recapitulation: every chord has its exact weight. Under those fingers, Rachmaninoff doesn't appear any longer like some kind of soppy virtuoso, but as a first-rate composer, bearing comparison with Brahms in terms of structural firmness. So, at least to a blas musician, this record appears truly gorgeous and exhilarating. And,of course, very unlike the innumerable standard de-luxe performances we are used to. However, if you want this music to make you moisten your hankerchief, my advice is definitely : turn to another pianist !
B00004YM0D|5.0|When I saw this movie, I laughed, I cried, and I cheered...and what helped to heighten these feel-good emotions was this music - it played such an important role in creating the wonderful mood in the movie that it deserves an oscar for &quot;best supporting role&quot;. I can't listen to Marvin Gaye &amp; Tammi Terrell's &quot;Ain't No Mountain High Enough&quot; without getting chills down my spine, just thinking about the awesome feeling I get when people come together in love and respect for one another. If that's not what music is about, I don't know what is.
B000003NA4|3.0|Diana Krall has talent to burn. But she has a lot to learn. Her pacing is increasingly slow and somnolent, as evidenced by this album. She never sings out in terms of volume. At times, the color of her voice never changes. The monotony grows. In person, she is also uncommunicative and a bit sullen. Someone needs to play for her not only Sinatra &quot;Wee small hours,&quot; but Sinatra &quot;Summer Wind&quot; and Sinatra &quot;Chicago.&quot; There's more than one tempo, and more than one volume level. Mixing it up is half the fun. This album seems to fall prey to her worst, recent tendencies.
B000002U8G|5.0|The first time I heard Meddle, I didn't like it.  But, like all Floyd albums, you have to listen to it about 10 times (literally)to get a good feel for the music before you can judge it.<br />At first I dismissed this album for sounding too Beatle-ish.  And it could be argued that it is:  Roger Waters and David Gilmour sing/play much more softly than in some of their later albums (there is not the edge that you would hear in Time or Welcome to the Machine, etc.)  The mood is a very surreal one.  There are some very long intrumentals with interjections of softly sung, winding lyrics.  I really love the surreal mood; whenever I am really tired or stressed out, I listen to Meddle and everything just melts away.<br />One of these Days is a fast, thrumming bass guitar piece that I actually liked the first time I heard it, although I admit I was a little disturbed with David Gilmour's slowed down voice saying, &quot;One of these Days I'm going to cut you into little pieces...&quot; A Pillow of Winds is a very light airy song that I did not care for much, but then again I haven't been listening to it that much either. Fearless is also pretty light, but it has a memorable riff and well written lyrics too (&quot;Fearlessly the idiot faced the crowd, smiling...&quot;).  San Tropez is a lazy and light (surprise surprise) piece that makes me think of laying around all day on a Florida beach.  Kind of different from other Floyd songs, definitely more Beatle-sound here. Seamus is a very short, slow piece that (like another reviewer said) isn't meant to be taken seriously.  This one was not my favorite. Echoes is the great 23-minute end song, and it is very diverse.  There are many sound effects, slow segments and then fast segments, with some good guitar solos and some great, 17 minute-separated lyrics.  Very surreal, best listened to with your eyes closed or staring at the ceiling.<br />Pink Floyd put this album out right before they acheived fame with Dark Side of the Moon, andthe noticeable aspect is they have almost -- ALMOST -- achieved the sound that is predominate in Dark Side, Wish you were here and some of their other 70's releases.  So, it is definitely an excellent album, and if you are wishing to broaden your Floyd horizons, I highly recommended it.
B0000039PW|5.0|I just want to pay homage to the BEST rapper of all time!!  Everytime I listen to this CD it takes me back to Summer '95! Summer '95 carries a lot of fond memories and &quot;Ready To Die&quot; was a part of that experience.  The Late Great Biggie Smalls can never be duplicated.  He will forever be the greatest.  I love you Biggie.  Rest in peace baby!
B000002U8G|5.0|The first time I heard Meddle, I didn't like it.  But, like all Floyd albums, you have to listen to it about 10 times (literally)to get a good feel for the music before you can judge it.<br />At first I dismissed this album for sounding too Beatle-ish.  And it could be argued that it is:  Roger Waters and David Gilmour sing/play much more softly than in some of their later albums (there is not the edge that you would hear in Time or Welcome to the Machine, etc.)  The mood is a very surreal one.  There are some very long intrumentals with interjections of softly sung, winding lyrics.  I really love the surreal mood; whenever I am really tired or stressed out, I listen to Meddle and everything just melts away.<br />One of these Days is a fast, thrumming bass guitar piece that I actually liked the first time I heard it, although I admit I was a little disturbed with David Gilmour's slowed down voice saying, &quot;One of these Days I'm going to cut you into little pieces...&quot; A Pillow of Winds is a very light airy song that I did not care for much, but then again I haven't been listening to it that much either. Fearless is also pretty light, but it has a memorable riff and well written lyrics too (&quot;Fearlessly the idiot faced the crowd, smiling...&quot;).  San Tropez is a lazy and light (surprise surprise) piece that makes me think of laying around all day on a Florida beach.  Kind of different from other Floyd songs, definitely more Beatle-sound here. Seamus is a very short, slow piece that (like another reviewer said) isn't meant to be taken seriously.  This one was not my favorite. Echoes is the great 23-minute end song, and it is very diverse.  There are many sound effects, slow segments and then fast segments, with some good guitar solos and some great, 17 minute-separated lyrics.  Very surreal, best listened to with your eyes closed or staring at the ceiling.<br />Pink Floyd put this album out right before they acheived fame with Dark Side of the Moon, andthe noticeable aspect is they have almost -- ALMOST -- achieved the sound that is predominate in Dark Side, Wish you were here and some of their other 70's releases.  So, it is definitely an excellent album, and if you are wishing to broaden your Floyd horizons, I highly recommended it.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|British listeners will be amazed to find that the Beatles' first Number One hit, &quot;Please Please Me,&quot; is not on the album! Otherwise, it's unbeatable to have most of the favorites in one compendium, especially as it illustrates the variety and creativity in the compositions and the versatility of the musicianship so vividly.
B000001GBJ|4.0|I have no shame in stating that I'm a romantic man. When I heard &quot;Songs From A Secret Garden&quot;, I immediately began preparing for my next granduer showing of affection for my girlfriend by dimming the lights, cooking dinner and having a bath and massuese at her beck and call when she arrived home from work. Needless to say the evening was a success, but the catalyst to it was the CD's &quot;Songs From A Secret Garden&quot; followed by John Tesh's new release, &quot;Pure Orchestra&quot;. The two had her melting.
B00004W510|5.0|I doubt that any single album has so many great songs played so well.  I've come back to this album time and again over the last XX years and it's never disappointed me.<br />At a time when most popular music was permutating the basic guitar-bass-drums line-up, The Band were blending those instruments with reeds, horns and keyboards.  Using a tuba as the bass on Rag Mama Rag, no less The sound is simultaneously rough yet sophisticated.  The singing blends sweetness and hard edge.  Rural but definitely not country.<br />For music lovers born in the 50s and 60s (and maybe earlier) this album is an absolute sure-fire must-have.  For those born later, I wonder whether it sounds as compelling - years of multi-track recording and studio wizardry have raised the taste for smoothness so this one might be a tad too grainy for them.<br />The version I have is the unremastered CD.  I wonder about the additional tracks on this one - more can sometimes diminish the perfect integrity of a great album.  If record companies want to give the fans a little extra, bless them, then I personally would prefer them on a 2nd CD.
B000001GBJ|4.0|I have no shame in stating that I'm a romantic man. When I heard &quot;Songs From A Secret Garden&quot;, I immediately began preparing for my next granduer showing of affection for my girlfriend by dimming the lights, cooking dinner and having a bath and massuese at her beck and call when she arrived home from work. Needless to say the evening was a success, but the catalyst to it was the CD's &quot;Songs From A Secret Garden&quot; followed by John Tesh's new release, &quot;Pure Orchestra&quot;. The two had her melting.
B00004Z4WQ|1.0|Maybe I'm having a conservative reaction to this film but it wasn't exactly the funiest movie.  If you have seen the previews to this movie, you have seen all the good parts.  Its not worth seeing the rest.  They could have done a much better job if they stuck to making fun of Scream, Matrix and all of that.  The sexual humor was just simply discusting.  Maybe my problem was that it was male nudity.
B00004XONN|5.0|I first heard this album in it's entirety on a train ride from Amsterdam to Brussels.  This album, along with the scenery, blew my mind.   I have to say KID A completely captures the feel of the euro music scene, or at least what it's going to be in 5 years.  KID A is a little bit of techo, rock, electronic, and a hint of jazz fused together to make one hell of a visionary masterpiece.  &quot;KID A&quot; offers the listener an experience of emotions and moods that you would expect from a great album.   For the closed minded or someone who frequently checks out the Billboard top 10, don't buy it.  It's a waste of your money.
031286504X|5.0|I first saw the movie &quot;Last Man on Earth&quot; starring Vincent Price on TV in the 60's when I was 9 which was based on this book.  A teacher in Junior High School recommended this book and I read it one sitting and it blew me away.  Tightly written, it captures an atmosphere that one will never forget.  The plausibility of being the only one (or one of the few) to survive a horrible plague is haunting and Matheson captures it here in this novella. It is one of the very few books that I reread and each time it is just as powerful.  This book, I have noticed has been mentioned in several works of fiction.  In one Mystery, where books is the main theme, a retired cop who is a book lover, has a conversation with the owner of an Used Book Store, and the owner describes &quot;I am Legend&quot; as the scariest book ever written.  I have to agree.
B00004THAY|3.0|There's no question that you get some top notch blues from these two greats.  Unfortunately it's like the uncomfortable feeling of driving a Mercedes with a crumpled fender.  The title song, although not all that bad, just sounds so commercial next to the really good stuff.  And then there's the one that just makes you want to puke...&quot;Marry You&quot;.  It's as though the producer called BB up at 11:00 in the evening and said &quot;we've got to have another track by midnight!&quot;  My finger automatically hits the skip button when I hear the intros to these two songs and then I'm back in the groove again.
B00004YKUY|1.0|ARRIVAL This new release from the new Journey line-up suffers greatly from the lack of a strong lead vocalist and from mediocre songwriting.  The new singer, Steve Augeri, tries his best to fill Perry's shoes but falls short.   Augeri's vocals are a thin, pale imitation of Steve Perry's, with only half the range Perry had.  The songwriting is uninspiring. Aside from some enjoyable guitar licks from Neil, the songs are pretty unmemorable and do not have the emotional punch and melodic interest that past Journey music had.  On Arrival, you really start to miss Perry's great songwriting abilities that were present on every other Journey album from 1978 up until 1996.  This is not the Journey sound that we all know and love so much.<br />On Journey's reunion 1996 album, Trial By Fire, Steve Perry proved that he still has The Voice...and then some!!! Its really a shame he left Journey, and its very unfortunate for all us Journey fans.<br />I was hoping I'd enjoy this new album. But this new 'Journey' sounds, at best, like a decent Journey cover band.
B00004ZAV3|2.0|This is easily the worse recording of &quot;best of&quot; Beatles I have ever heard.  You are better off with the original albums from which these songs came from.  If you have mediocre listening equipment, then it doesn't matter.  But, if you are like me with a decent system, you will absolutely loose your head because the sound is so bright and sharp that it will cut it right off.  I have never ever heard a recording as bright as this one!  Beware of the poor recording!  They should have fired the recording engineers for this.  The music of course doesn't even need to be mentioned.  We all know the Beatles.
0201485672|5.0|I was fortunate enough to work with Martin on a project at Netscape a few years ago. I have been able to leverage what I learned there in many ways since. In a modern iterative and incremental process, refactoring can be a phase of each  iteration. So say you do some analysis, design, code, testing in your first iteration. There can also be a refactoring stage added to &quot;clean up the code&quot; and shift the design. Usually people are doing this anyway in the design and coding stages. <br />However, decoupling refactoring in the spiral process can  separate concerns so that the next iteration can cleanly focus  upon drilling down further or adding functionality as it should.<br />So obviously the notion of refactoring is critical to development. This book serves as a beginning for a similar  literature that exists for design in the form of patterns.
079213690X|4.0|That's what I say about this film. It's interesting on so many levels; for example: it's a rousing adventure and a somewhat tender love story, despite  some really barbaric scenes. Let me just say that I HATE Mel Gibson! I am not a fan of his, the only reason I have this film is because it won the Best Picture Oscar of 1995 -- that's all! But I do enjoy watching this film for it's vast shots of land (John Toll won the Best Cinematography Oscar), the battle scenes, and when Gibson dies in the end! Yes, it's harsh, I know, but that's how I feel about Gibson, who, in my opinion, is not a great actor or director (he just got lucky that year, like Kevin Costner, who I also hate with a great passion, did in 1990 for &quot;Dances with Wolves.&quot;)  Patrick McGoohan, as King Edward Longshanks, is wonderful as the resident baddie who, of course, outsmarts William Wallace (Gibson) and has him killed. And those two beautiful ladies, Sophie Marceau and Catherine McCormack, are lovely as Isabelle and Murron respectively.  Anyway, I give the film a good rating, not because of Gibson, but because of the supporting cast, the beautiful shots of the green lands, and the battles fought. Winner of 5 Academy Awards including Picture, Director (Gibson), Cinematography, Sound Effects Editing, and Makeup.
B00004XOWM|1.0|I mean come on.  Is this Rock or is this Backstreet Boys?<br />This is such a painfully bad album that I have been prompted to set up a Fred Durst hate page.  Not only is it an insult to everone who bought Dollar Bill Y'all, but it is an insult to rock in general.  Besides Limp Bizkit becoming just as mainstream as Britney, the people who buy this album annoy me.<br />You get all these 13 year old girls thinking they are excessively ql saying &quot;oh look, I've bought Limp Bizzzzkit.&quot;<br />It's not rock, it's not good and it belongs in a 9 year old's record collection, sandwiched in between 'NSYNC and Christina Aquilara.(I'm sure Fred Durst would enjoy that)<br />Anyway, happy listening.
0790734060|5.0|So says Antonio Salieri (F. Murray Abraham) of the word &quot;mediocrity.&quot; It is something that we all can relate to, myself included. First off, I never heard of Salieri. I never knew he had contributed to Mozart's death. I never heard of his music. These are the things we wonder and realize about this man. &quot;Amadeus&quot; is an epic biography about a man(i.e. Mozart), but is really a story of the man behind the name of Amadeus. It is also about the decline of the man called Salieri. It is a breath-takingly beautiful film filled with rich colors, costumes, sets, lighting (or the little bit of it, anyway) and the characters that make this an instant classic. Winner of 8 Academy Awards including Best Picture (produced by Saul Zaentz) of 1984, Director (Milos Forman), Adapted Screenplay (Peter Shaffer, from his Tony-award winning play), and Actor (Abraham, who beat out fellow nominee Tom Hulce as Mozart). The remaining cast also help a great deal: Simon Callow as the actor friend of Mozart; Jeffrey Jones is stimulating as the Emperor Joseph II; and the men who played the Emperor's advisors. The only spot on this film was the miscasting of it's two central characters. In my opinion, Tom Hulce was a rather silly Mozart. And not just Mozart's personality, but the accent. Exactly, there was no accent! Mozart was not American, he was Austrian. Second, Elizabeth Berridge as his wife was also dreadfully miscast. She sounded dry, boring, and out of place in all of her scenes. But despite those mistakes, the film is wonderful, exciting, moving, spiritual, uplifting, and depressing. Milos Forman, who also directed the Oscar-winning &quot;One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest&quot; in 1975, outdoes himself yet again. A film with classical music and drama -- where can you go wrong?
0375420525|4.0|This book is a phantasmagoria of gimmicks and absurdities, rolled into a fairly interesting, multilayered story about a cosmic anomaly.  I found the book ultimately unsatisfying, but the ride had its moments.  <br />This book does a very good job of making the reader feel crazy while he's reading it.  Halfway through, I look at the book and think to myself &quot;Am I ready to read it right now?  Am I strong enough?&quot;  That was a pretty exciting experience. <br />If you grow tired of this book before the end, feel free to stop, you've already gotten what there is to get.
B00003CXDF|1.0|I just would like to know why Cruise transformed a great character ( Ethan Hunt ) into a silly so-called &quot;action-hero&quot; ? Why they destroyed the almost perfect chemistry developed between characters in the first movie, and changed this MI 2 into a ludicrous production, full of cliches, action sequences that lead you nowhere ??? I think, from the first scene with Hunt ( the one in which hes climbing mountain with bare hands ) the producers warn you: &quot; DONT expect nothing worthwhile here. Dont try to see possible things heres. Just be prepared for  journey of impossible deeds, lousy acting and a new &quot;action-hero&quot; thats marked to last just this movie.&quot; What a waste of a time.
0671510991|5.0|No living human being has more experience, knowledge and perspective on the interactions between modern nations than Henry Kissinger.  Mr. Kissinger commits all of his resources to the telling of this fascinating and vital story.  <br />I fully expected much of what this book offered: First-hand accounts of major events in foreign affairs, adept and shrewd analysis of developments, a straddling of the American vs. European views of relations between nations. All of these were on display in this tour de force.  What surprised me was the quality and beauty of Mr. Kissinger's prose. This book is heavy on content, but not to the exclusion of the finer points of literature.  Mr. Kissinger leavens his cavalcade of history with philosophical musings, personal observations and stories.  He does this in a way that makes reading more pleasurable and memorable. <br />This is THE book to read to learn about foreign policy.
0316286850|5.0|What else can I say but, I LOVE IT.  As a make-up artist myself it has great tricks and tips, awsome pictures, amazing make-overs and an interesting look into how he got started.  This book is good for anyone, not just the make-up addict, and is good for all levels from the &quot;just curious&quot; to the most advanced.  You will never get bored of it, just leave it on the coffee table as a conversation starter or just to breeze through for fun.  When ever I am in a rut for a new look, I look to this book for inspiration.  I highly recommend it to all!!!
0684853523|5.0|As I sat down to read this book, I was a bit strained on my reading.  I had just finished &quot;IT&quot; also by Stephen King.  But two days later, I was finished with the best, most inspireing book of my life.  Other than the Bible, this book touched me in a way that no other book has.  I hope to find a talent like that in my writing.  If you should read two books in your life, read, the Bible and On Writing.
6302994063|5.0|Many of the previous reviews here have given the basics of the plot, so I won't dwell on that.  But what is it about this film that compels me to watch it again and again and again?<br />I think it's because there are so many small truths revealed about human nature, especially why we make the decisions we make and how we justify them to ourselves.  What makes people want to play it safe versus being different?  And these themes are examined with great humor and obvious affection for the characters, even the &quot;villains&quot;.  Barry Fife's skewed toupee and Ken Railings romancing Liz in a floor model jacuzzi (right in the showroom!) make us laugh and show us that these people are hardly sinister, even though they take themselves very seriously in their insular little world.<br />Although you could describe the story as having a very typical &quot;ugly duckling turns into swan&quot; storyline, I like the fact that Fran is actually really homely when we first see her.  She isn't just an obviously drop-dead gorgeous woman wearing glasses.  So her transformation comes more from within.  As she gains confidence in herself and comes to be loved by Scott, the glow she exudes is totally believable.  The scene where her father looks into her eyes and compliments her dancing is very moving, because you get the sense that it is maybe the first time he's ever even noticed her as a person in her own right.<br />All in all, this is one of those movies that just makes you feel good when it's done.  I certainly can't find anything wrong with that.
B000002KO1|5.0|This album flat out rocks.  With the original lineup, they played bone-crunching, raw rock-n-roll with some melody mixed in here and there.  These guys were in your face with &quot;dirty&quot; rock and were not about glamour at all.  Even the videos off this album and the 2nd one, you can tell the members of Pretenders were all about rock.  Too bad James Honeyman-Scott and Pete Fardon died; otherwise, the original lineup of the Pretenders could have been labeled one of the greatest rock band of all time.
B00004YRQA|5.0|The price tag on the memory card on the psx2 is a bit hefty when you can get a memory card for the original playstation for next to nothing.  Sony are not just milking the public for more cash there is a reason behind why it is more expensive and that is that it is HUGE.  The playstation memory card can holds o much data it will be ages befor you need another one.  With the original playstation a player manager game could take up 15 blocks by itself, therefore using a whole card, whereas with the card you wont encounter this sort of problem for ages, until the newer games come out, and i dont think that that will really affect it.  If you have a playstation 2 you know that you need a card so the price isnt that high when you think that you have infinite saves.
B0000087QO|4.0|I think this is the 2nd best Blondie album.  They started off as a punk band, but in this album, they were all over the music map, from pop to disco, to rock, etc.  One of the best &quot;image&quot; bands in the past 25 years.
6304675399|4.0|I always wanted to see Scream, but my mother would never let me.  Finally, I convinced her to get it.  I watched it and was surprised.  It was a good movie but not as scary as I thought it would be.  It was unique though especially when the killers always wear the masks (until the end).  Well worth your money.
B000006T0D|5.0|Even though Parallel Lines is recognized as the best Blondie album, I prefer this one.  There are great songs on this one, and I think they have one of the coolest looks of rock bands.
B00004SA88|5.0|This is a really masterpiece for collector. For the people that love the &quot;virtuoso-violin&quot;, this is yours. If you are a fanatic of Paganini's music like me, this is your collection, because you will find the Maestosa sonata sentimentale, the Duo Merveille, &quot;God save the King&quot;, in a perfect interpretation, only by Accardo, that are very difficult to find. The 6 Concertos, are amazing, if it is your first time hearing Paganini, you will find absolutely incredible, and remember, is only one violin performing those sounds. Double-Stops, Harmonics, Double-Harmonics, and the most colorful bowing performance. Paganini is very romantic and sentimental, the six, second movements are a jewel in your collection. I recomend you that adquire this for your personal collection, the case is beautiful, and the sound is powerful, like the recorders of the Deutsche Grammophon, Accardo plays Paganini transmiting to the listener the feeling of his performance. The 24 Caprices are interesting, and Accardo plays very clear, if you are playing the caprices, this is a good guide, please try to listen the sound of Accardo, you could find many tips in his performance. If you like the music in general, these concertos will give you a different vision and nature of the power of a violin with the London Philarmonic Orchesta. PROs - Excelent Violinist (Accardo), Excelent Presentation (CDs, book and case),Excelent Recorder, each CD has a number, the people take your time making this CD - Each Piece has a good explanation CONs - No are biography of Salvadore Accardo.
B00000IPAX|2.0|....they don't work well enough for me. Except for \\"All The Small Things,\\" actually a good video, this album is just another one of those examples of how a once-great band sells out like crazy when they release some single aimed at the pop-trash/MTV/radio-play bulls**t America loves so damned much. It's funny how artists like Offspring, Korn, Metallica, and Marilyn Manson have gone from ordinary \\"real\\" artists to MTV-engineered Pokmon trainers who can't deserve the icing on the cake. Now then, as I was saying, these guys. Okay, so they sold out with this album. So what? That doesn't make this album more special than any of their other releases. This Enema and its predecessor, \\"Dude Ranch,\\" both earned 4-star ratings from allmusic.com (the AMG). Only DR was the AMG pick of Blink 182, which obviously means that it's slightly better than this. If you still like Blink 182, I'm just going to have to leave it at that.
B00000JGHM|5.0|This movie is the boston creme amoung the jelly's in the box of dougnuts. The filet minon of movies. This is one of the best movies of all time. It features agruably the two best actors ever. You could shoot these two in just a room with chairs and a table for 3 hours and it would still be good. Instead with Heat, you get these two legends playing a game of cops and robbers, with a great scene where the two end up talking in a coffee shop. This is one of the greatest scene's in movie history. This is a must have for any movie goer. It has all the great acting you can  fit into one film. And a few great action scene's. With a running time of almost 3 hours, it will leave you truly satisfied. It is a shame they don't make more movies like this. The DVD features your usual movie trailers and the like. Sound and video are excellent. This movie gets a 5 rating on the hype scale. (See more about me for more info on the scale.)
1884822312|5.0|This book full of endgame diagrams.4400 problems solve in 1 to 3 moves.Some solutions not complete,eg:solutions for mate in 2 problem ,only one move shown.But this is should not be the obstacle,coz once you know the first move to the solution,you will get the rest.The problems arranged from too-easy-for-me to more complex situation. Suitable for beginner to intermediate player.Also included the intoduction to chess(pieces movement howto ),can be skipped by beginner.The diagrams are big,6 diagrams on one page.You dont have to arranged the pieces on the board,by looking only at the diagram is enough.Who do this way can improve their tactical vision,imagination capability,and last but not least to the tournament player,the discipline,where pieces only can be touched for detemined steps in the head. Good price.
B00004Y6O4|3.0|Remastered or not, this has to be Rod's weakest effort.  It's the blandest recording he's ever done.  The lesser known titles have a few redeeming qualities.  If you have limited resources, forget this one.
B00000JNJ1|4.0|Faces is a straight-up raunchy rock band.  Good stuff, the recordings aren't great but this is still a great rock n roll album.  Rod's voice is best over a loose blues-style band playing songs about fights and drinking mixed with a couple ballads of relatively good quality.  This is the kind of rowdy band that would never see the light of day today, so get em were you can!
B000002C1W|5.0|I bought this 10 years ago and have listened to it for all that time.  It is Pink Floyd, but it's different too.  The opening track is something else.  Very atmospheric and quirky.  It leaves you needing more.  There's very little over indulgence on this CD and it is not as heavy as it sometimes threatens to be.  If I could only have one Pink Floyd CD it might be this one.
B00003CX5A|3.0|I originally saw this in the theatre- very beautiful to look at, but unfortunately, none too scary. Tim Burton's work is always lovely to look at and you will not be disappointed in his artistic vision. You need to see this in DVD if you had not seen it in a theatre. Be prepared to laugh though-think of me when you hear Depp shriek in horror about &quot;HE had NO HEAD!&quot; It had us rolling in the aisles. 3 stars for that scene alone.
B0000027I6|5.0|Since this is a short review I won't go into the complexities of Roger Waters or this as a concept album except to say that for all the criticism levelled at the man, you have to accept his anger and frustration at the way the world of politics operates.  Having said that, this is dynamic rock music.  It varies from a subtle moving monologue of a First World War soldier through to bizarre satire of American baseball and war reporting.  I would call it a kaleidoscope of colour and drama and the music is exceptionally good for its genre.  There is little doubting that this is Roger Waters but it seems to be him without the Pink Floyd commercialism.  I enjoyed it for months and still play it occasionally.
B000002TPS|5.0|I read somewhere that before going into the studios for recording, Mustaine made Friedman write &quot;I will not widdly-dee&quot; about 500 times. True or not....the shredding is sure absent. The band has dropped the solo-till-u-drop-dead-attitude, and replaced it with much mature lead solos,..and in a couple of cases, no solos at all!! Take &quot;Reckoning Day&quot; and &quot;Elysian Fields&quot; as examples...the former has no straight solos as such, and the latter...has a harmonica solo!! Now, if thats not a big risk for Megadeth, what is????? Check out the solo in &quot;Addicted to Chaos&quot;...a masterpiece of agony and restraint...brilliant. Megadeth has touched many topics here...to family incest (&quot;Family Tree&quot;), a personal addiction (&quot;Addicted to Chaos&quot;), glimpse from a suicide note (&quot;A Tout le Monde&quot;, which is perhaps the best song in this CD), a wasted society (&quot;Youthanasia&quot;), an apocalyptic end (&quot;Black Curtains&quot;), and the strangely self-praising punkish parody (&quot;Victory&quot;). The lyrics are a notch better than the previous effort, and the band has made the music more song oriented...but hey, watch out for the volume knob...this band still smokes....!!!
0394721780|5.0|I have referred to this cookery book - and its sequel, Volume II - for at least 15 years.  The recipes contained therein have NEVER failed to satisfy my guests and myself - the latter being the more judgmental critic - and I have referred to the Master Recipes as a launchpad for a variety of culinary excursions.  Julia gives the basics and allows you to use your inteligence and flair to improve upon the perfect.  For this she has allowed all cooks and chefs and dilettantes cuisiniaires to express their experitise and originality.Tim Wingate from Ottawa CANADA
B000056VIY|4.0|I will admit, Jennifer doesn't have the voice of Celine Dion or the emotional lyrics of Tori Amos, but if I were to choose five c.d.s to dance to at a club or party, this would have to be one.  Every time I listen to this c.d., all I want to do is dance!  This is definately better than &quot;On the 6!&quot;  My favorite songs are:  &quot;Love don't cost a Thing,&quot; &quot;Play,&quot; &quot;Walking on Sunshine,&quot; &quot;We gotta Talk,&quot; &quot;That's not me,&quot; and &quot;Dance with me.&quot;  I really don't like any of her ballads...her voice doesn't exactly shine, but that is one of the things I love about her!  She goes out and does what she enjoys most, and has fun doing it!  Few of us can only be so lucky.  You go, Jennifer.  Keep on.
0684853523|5.0|As a writer, I was thorougly impressed with this comprehensive &quot;journey.&quot;  It's a must read for any aspiring writer. If I weren't a writer, I STILL would have enjoyed the candor of &quot;On Writing.&quot;  I read passages aloud to my husband, and have quoted the book several times in polite conversation.
B000002KO1|5.0|This one makes the cut as one of the 10 CDs I'd want with me if I were stranded on a desert island for the rest of my life.<br />From the raunchy opener 'Precious' to the Kinks cover 'Stop Your Sobbing' and then to the awesome buildup and climax of 'Mystery Achievement,' this disc hits on all cylinders on nearly all the songs.<br />In a bad mood and you need a lift?  Put this disc on, and I guarantee you'll have your head bouncing and a smile on your face in no time.
0780020685|5.0|There seem to be some misunderstanding among some reviewers. Kurusawas Seven Samurai is from 1954. Hollywood took the story up and copied it as a Western in John Sturges &quot;The Magnificent Seven&quot; in 1960. So Seven Samurai is the Original, which inspired the Western genre in Hollywood.<br />Enjoy :-)
0451191153|5.0|The Fountainhead has been my favorite novel since having been assigned to read it over 10 years ago.  Since that time, I have read it over and over.  I greatly enjoy the depth of the characters and the numerous interpretations you can derive from the story.  In reading some of the previous reviews, I saw that some people mentioned whether or not they felt inferior or that the philosophy was essentially garbage.  I believe that a mature reader derives pleasure out of a good story and does not just throw it down or scorn it because it mentions things they do not agree with.  I disagree that Ayn Rand was trying to make people feel inferior, that is not at all what individualism is about.  I have read all of her books and greatly admire her writing style and the passion which she conveys towards her beliefs.  Whether or not I share those beliefs is irrelevant and you can enjoy the book either way.  Please look farther and don't dismiss such a valuable classic so easily!  This book is amazing and is one that should not be missed by the avid reader who wants a stimulating and compelling read that they will not soon forget!  Thanks.
0618001905|5.0|The majority of reviews have the description right. Rather than repeat what they say, I will add that the book is very well written and easy to read. The author does not pour out excessive detail on the atrocities (although he does not shy away from presenting important details when necessary), so it's not a sickening read. <br />That all the events could have happened as they did is indeed sickening. However, in this great darkness, there is the light of several very compelling personalities whose great industry on behalf of what was right finally brought down Leopold.
B000002I4S|5.0|Unbelievable.  What would be a nightmare for both the extremely trained and extremely UNtrained ear, turns out (in this case) to be the most euphoric and just plain HEAVY recording you may ever hear.  Jazz aside, this is simply and plainly m-u-s-i-c.  Beautiful music.  What Coltrane and his line-up did on this album--his first of entirely original compositions, by the way--is somehow sketch a sort of map to the insides of each and every one of us.  Mentally, emotionally, spiritually...it's been captured here on a piece of work that even you and I cannot deny the truth of.    And there you have it.
B0000560RV|5.0|My daughter just loves these guys, and she kept bugging me to listen (I'm 48 y.o.), so I did. At first, I was a little put off, and I told her, &quot;it sounds like Michael Jackson meets the Osmonds, only slicker and more 90's-ish.&quot; But a couple of the songs caught my attention: &quot;Avalon&quot; (a very smooth and infectious arrangement) and &quot;snufelagrantadorf&quot; (which I understand is the single, a great pop anthem),so I got my own copy. Well, what do you know? I now like almost everything on the album. My newer favorites are &quot;snufergrratt&quot;, &quot;nogentapp&quot; and the title song, while even my not-so-faves like &quot;hattrpentap&quot; and &quot;poot&quot; are still hook-laden, and the a-capella &quot;sig heil&quot; is very touching. It's easy to see how this disc has sold over 10 million copies already. There's a lot more here than teen and pre-teen appeal. If one listens with an open mind, you hear a pop phenomenon in the making. I'll be interested to see where they go on their next disc, which my daughter says will be out this spring! Call me one of the older Sigur Ros fanatics!
B00004XOWM|5.0|I completely and utterly despise MTV. I stopped watching after Sifl &amp; Olly left. Now they have garbage like TRL and semi-porn. What's up with that? If someone says they like MTV it takes all my willpower to not punch them in the eye. I said that so you know that I don't care what's on MTV or the radio. I will decide for myself. And I must say that this album is Limp Bizkit's best. The other two are great, but this one is just the best. Have a problem? E-mail me. Ignore the hype, this album is one of the best. (Next to TMBG)
0394720288|5.0|I'd only read Wodehouse's short stories, and that a long time ago. This book amazed me by maintaining the comic pace that he keeps in his short stories, building setup upon setup and yet never descending to the level of the contrived payoff. Each punchline is genuine and builds on the previous ones, and when I laughed aloud in the middle of the book and someone wanted to know what was so funny, I realized there was no way to explain it without sitting them down and making them read the book. Absolutely wonderful comic writing, and well worth picking up for a lazy Sunday afternoon.
0790731983|4.0|Life within the confines of the cabaret is surreal indeed. The eclectic cast of eccentric characters recalls those found in the works of Fellini. It was if Fellini made this film...on acid. The vaudevillians' hair, make-up, and clothes were truly carnival-esque--with heavy doses of glam and punk rock tossed in. I couldn't help but think of &quot;The Rocky Horror Picture Show&quot;, which would come out a few years later. And that shade of nail polish that Sally Bowles wears would not become hip in the mainstream until 30 years later. The look of the characters in this classic flick is truly inspirational.
B00005214X|5.0|There's not a lot more that can be said about this wonderful album. The songs are first-rate from top to bottom, the remastering sounds absolutely amazing, and the extras, though not earth-shattering, are a real treat.<br />I do want to clear up a couple of misconceptions I've read about this CD in the reviews:<br />1) This is a remaster, not a remix. Anything new or different that you're hearing (other than in the bonus tracks) has always been there, but was lost in the murk of the previous edition.<br />2) Dhani Harrison's only guitar contribution on the album is acoustic guitar (rhthym, not lead) on \\"My Sweet Lord (2000).\\" All of the other new guitar parts on that tune (as well as the new acoustic part on the \\"Let it Down\\" demo) are from George. <br />Anyway, I give this album my highest recomendation. When was the last time that listening to rock and roll actually moved you? This album will; it's spellbinding.
0789723107|5.0|Mr. Krug has written a handy distillation of usability methods from the trenches of business. Most usability books read more like theory textbooks than applicable tactics to persuade bean counters and software engineers of the value of usability practices. I say read the thick theory books for the why and this book for the how.
0780020685|5.0|First of all, to the guy who said the Seven Samurai is a rip off of the Magnificent Seven, you're wrong.  The Magnificent Seven is actually a remake of this film.<br />As for the film, I say that it has fantastic cinematography, and wonderful characters.  The plot is simple, but just allows the characters to shine that much brighter.<br />The quality of the video on the DVD isn't spectacular, but when you consider the film's age some scratches can be expected.<br />In conclusion, its a great film and a good transfer, you can't go wrong with this one.
B00004XONN|5.0|I should start by saying I'm 48.  My son was playing it.  It evoked something like the next 20 years of John Lennon (or maybe just the Beatles)if they had kept making music and stayed young.  I could merge the sound of &quot;living is easy with eyes closed...&quot;, skip 35 years or so and found radiohead as a logical continuation.  It was pretty exciting for me because rock-ish music hasn't excited me for a long time.  Thanks radiohead.
B000051S3H|5.0|George C. Scott is brilliant as Rochester; Susannah York is superb in the title role; the English moors have never looked more menacing, and in a small, but pivotal role, Jean Marsh is mesmerizing as the very &quot;off-centered&quot; Mrs. Rochester.  Featuring one of John Williams's most hauntingly beautiful and moving scores, this film is a winner by all counts.<br />I saw it as a teen and still find it to be the definitive telling of the Bronte' masterpiece.
B00004TRD8|5.0|The DVD offers one great feature after another! I've owned the DVD for a while, and I still haven't seen all of it. I can't imagine wanting to watch the theatrical cut again, though. The longer version that appears here adds to the character development, making me care even more about what happens to those characters. I just wish all DVD's would offer one frame (without animation) that links to every single feature on the DVD.
B000002KOO|5.0|I first bought this album in 1988, when I bought my first CD player and shortly after this album had been reissued on CD.  I fell in love with it after just one listen; &quot;Oh Well&quot; was, is, and always will be my favorite Mac track, along with &quot;The Green Manalishi.&quot;  However, the remastering job leaves something to be desired--it sounds as if someone is frying bacon in the background throughout, the tape hiss is so bad.  I would like to see Warners clean this one up and reissue it.
B00003CX8J|5.0|I love every minute of this movie! The acting, the special effects, the action, and the important themes make a great total package. The DVD is a treasure chest of special features, though I would rather view those features without having to endure repeated viewings of the tiresome clip that introduces them.
B0000508U6|1.0|Coldplay are just another bland, inoffensive, watered-down 'rock' band that ride on their influance's backs to inexplicable chart success. Pop is in a sorry, sorry state when cack like this passes as the music of today. The sad thing is there is good honest music around nowadays but noone pays any heed as dreck like coldplay, travis, toploader and muse clog up the industry. DEATH TO MEDIOCRITY!
B000002L7R|5.0|While this Prince album is dismissed by critics as being &quot;overly psychedelic&quot;, it is my honest opinion that it is his finest work. It is here that prince truely found the balance between Rock {such as in &quot;Paisley Park&quot; &amp; &quot;Temptation&quot;}, Funk {Such as in &quot;Raspberry Beret&quot;, &quot;Tamborine&quot; &amp; &quot;Pop Life&quot;} and soulful R&amp;B ballads {such as in &quot;Condition Of The Heart&quot; &amp; &quot;The Ladder&quot;; which in my opinion, is maybe the most beautiful song he ever wrote} and mix them all together. The end result is a very flowing, well - written album, that does not have a single weak momnent. I would suggest all of you who are Prince fans &amp; don't yet own the album, to go buy it now!. Trust me, you won't regret it.
B000002C1V|5.0|I bought this album many years ago because, following &quot;The Wall&quot; album, I figured it was going to be a hard rocking slice of vintage Pink Floyd. Much to my dismay (at the time) it seemed like alot of slow-tempo sentimental slush, with the exception of &quot;Not Now John.&quot; Now that I've matured, this is one of my favorite Floyd albums, especially if you enjoy Roger Waters' lyrical wit and sarcastic bile. There is very little David Gilmour here aside from three brief solos and a lead vocal on the aforementioned &quot;Not Now John&quot;. In fact there is hardly any Nick Mason and no Rick Wright, much of the drumming and all of the keyboard work being provided by session musicians. The album is a whole lot of Waters, which, based on the results, is good enough for me.
B00004W55E|4.0|Rachelle Ferrell latest effort wasn't as captivating as her self-titled effort, still, the one thing that different waver was her vocals.  This woman can still sing the rings out of a bathtub!  The music chosen was the problem for me.  I am trying to like the title song, but it just doesn't work for me, so I skip it to SISTA, which I listen to off and on.  I FORGIVE YOU-it's on now! That is the Rachelle I fell in love with, and what I am used to.  Despite the funky grooves with the heavy bass that doesn't feel like her, this CD delivers and Rachelle's voice doesn't falter.
B000056JYB|3.0|I have the orginal CD, and would rate that *****.  I was excited when I saw that I would be able to buy unreleased versions and jams from this album's sessions; however, there is nothing worth releasing!  Amazing!  How could the orginal be so good, and there not even be one more song, version or jam worth releasing.  Even the jams are not jams - I was at least hoping to hear Clapton in the various jams, but those ended up being very boring, repetitious and monotomous headaches, with Clapton playing same cords for 10 minutes.
B00000IQBM|5.0|My friends and I are seriously horror film addicts, but this has got to be the best ever horror film! Jack Nicholson is so perfect for the role that he makes it 10 times scarier! I swear, never in my life have I been so thrilled but scared as when I was watching that movie, and REDRUM is simply genius. <br />You do have to pay a little attention though, becaus there is a method and story to the madness; not just, like, senseless killings like in the Scream trilogies. If you love being scared, you'll love The Shining. <br />The Shining's not my all-time favorite movie (that would be GONE WITH THE WIND (check it out)) but it ranks right up there. Ya gotta see it, people!
B000002UDD|4.0|So Far, So Good, So What is my favourite of Megadeth's first three albums.  A lot of people say that Peace Sells is the pinnacle of Megadeths career; that album has never really cut it for me.  <br />It is on this album that Megadeth really begin to show promise which would eventually lead to them recording some classic albums such as Rust in Peace, Countdown to Extinction and Crytic Writings.<br />My favourite tracks on this particular album are Anarchy In The U.K. a brillant cover of the Sex Pistols classic,Mary Jane with great guitar work from Dave, In My Darkest Hour one of Megadeths best ever songs and Hook in Mouth a fantastic piece both lyrically and musically.  The weak point on the album is probably the song 502, although it could be said it is far stronger than some earlier released material and some of the songs the band have done in recent years.  <br />Whatever about the weak points this is a fine album and proves that there was life in Megadeth before Marty Friedman's arrival.
B0000019PA|5.0|It was around the 8th to 10th listen and the first with the lyrics in front of me that this thing hit me.  Despite the sad nature of some of the lyrics, I've never heard an album that makes me so happy when i listen to it.
B000056VIY|5.0|I think Jennifer is a great romodel for people.   I look up to her myself.  I really like some of the songs on J.Lo, but I don't like how much she curses.  I think the songs would be alot better if there were no curse words.  That makes some of her fans(the younger) not able to listen because of the language.
6301942647|5.0|. . . because this movie waltzes into your mind like the most vivid, profound, and meaningful dream. <br />Each story is like a new dream that you dive into subconsciously. And like all dreams, they're meant to teach you something.<br />This movie is beautiful in its awesome execution. It is a quiet but bold statement on the state of the world and human nature. <br />Simply gorgeous.
0316777722|5.0|A colleague loaned me &quot;Me Talk Pretty One Day,&quot; thinking I would enjoy the description of his encounter with a speech therapist, being that I *am* a speech therapist.  She was right; I laughed my way through his observations of his abduction and his efforts to be cured by never using words containing the offending sound.  I have had any number of students who would bond immediately with Mr. Sedaris!<br />  The rest of his personal narratives kept me at least, if not more, entertained than this first one, however.  His self-deprecating voice casts the reader in his corner, even when he is describing the vices of his misspent youth in performance art, his efforts to find value in Paris by going to American movies, or his total boredom with his father's enthusiasm for music.<br />  Underneath the humor, though, I sensed a searching for meaning or connection when at times he could find neither.  Most readers have had experiences in which they felt completely out of place, or feeling that their lives were at a standstill, and his humorous yet sensitive musings on such themes add a depth to these very funny stories that move them beyond simple comedy.
B000002ADT|5.0|&quot;Kind Of Blue&quot; is a definitive masterpiece! Any serious fan of music must have of this historical groundbreaking album! Miles and Coltrane are together at their best! This is the &quot;Gettysburg Address&quot; of American Jazz! Without being repetitive from the other reviews, JUST BUY IT! YOU WON'T REGRET IT!
B00000BKE0|1.0|As a huge Iron Maiden fan I have all of their albums and have enjoyed almost every single one--even their new stuff which seems to have disappointed many old fans. The &quot;almost&quot; is due to No Prayer For the Dying. Even the songs that were made singles--supposedly because they stand out--are mediocre at best, and &quot;holy smoke&quot; sounds more like it was made by a pop band than a metal legend. Musically No Prayer For the Dying is really out of place among their albums: it doesn't sound like Seventh Son/Fear of the Dark, and obviously doesn't fit with post-Bruce Dickinson Maiden. Instead, this seems to have been made by an imposter band, and doesn't have the heaviness or energy of their other albums.  Out of the hundreds of songs Maiden have made, the only songs I can honestly say I couldn't stand at all are almost all on this album. If, however, you have heard Holy Smoke and really liked it, then I guess you should buy this, since that song epitomizes the rest of the album--and not in a good way in my mind. If you have recently discovered Maiden and want to buy all of their stuff, I sincerely recommend passing on this album, the odds are you will be hugely disappointed if you buy this.
B00003CWTH|5.0|I once had a college dormmate who claimed that Shakespeare's tragedies were &quot;useless&quot; because they were impossible to understand, were peopled by &quot;insane and unlikeable&quot; characters, were too long, and in general, &quot;didn't help anyone to enjoy life.&quot; He might have added that they contain gratuitous language, pointless special effects, contrived endings--and besides, Shakespeare stole all of his plots anyway! Now, if you are the kind of person who feels this way about Shakespeare, I would not recommend investing in &quot;Magnolia.&quot; However, if instead you value works of art created for the express purpose of helping us to define what it means to be a human being (and in the process entertain us); if you value stories that come from a unitary, somewhat mannered, but obviously original point of view (despite the obvious influences); if you value brilliant acting, masterful editing, philosophical ponderings, plus some sly suspense, dark humor--you get the picture. If you know who you are--or like many Shakespeare fans, are continuing to find out-- then this film, for you, might be a gift.
B000001DTM|5.0|In 1991, U2 was at a standstill. They were just off their highly successful album &quot;The Joshua Tree&quot;, the resulting tour, and the release of the shaky yet effective &quot;Rattle and Hum&quot;. It was time for a reinvention of their music, and their tinkering with electronica, dance, and world music collided with their signature anthemic pop sound to form arguably their best album, &quot;Achtung Baby&quot;.<br />This album not only shows that U2 can move in and out of different genres of music, but that they can do it without sacrificing their political, religious, and symbolic roots. Each song, from the haunting beauty of &quot;One&quot; (perhaps their best song) to the ringing harmony of &quot;Even Better Than the Real Thing&quot;, each member of U2 demonstrates why the band can skillfully weave solid lyrics with funky yet enjoyable music. Bono's voice is just as good as his passionate cries in &quot;The Joshua Tree&quot;; the Edge retools his signature repetitious style of the 80s to meld with electronica; and the rhythm section of Larry Mullen and Adam Clayton show new boldness never seen before in their previous albums.<br />With &quot;Achtung Baby&quot;, U2 achieved the unthinkable: they successfully followed one masterpiece of an album with another. And each album was radically different from the other in terms of style. I believe that anyone curious about U2 should listen to &quot;The Joshua Tree&quot; or &quot;War&quot; before this, to not be confused with the different style of music. But with an open mind and ear, this remarkable album will change the way you look at a successful rock band.
B000002UZ4|4.0|Any fan of synth-pop or club music should adore The Pet Shop Boys.  From the 80's into the 90's and beyond, these guys have produced some fantastic Euro edged pop tunes.  Sometimes quirky, often intellectual songs with strong melodies, harmonies, and hooks, backed with house beats have become their trademark.  This CD has some great examples of their work.<br />Some of my favorites:  &quot;West End Girls&quot;/&quot;Love Comes Quickly&quot;/&quot;Opportunities&quot;/&quot;Suburbia&quot;/&quot;It's A Sin&quot;/&quot;What Have I Done To Deserve This?&quot;
0792107683|5.0|Jack Palance is magnificant in the minor role of the evil hired killer/gunfighter &quot;Jack Wilson&quot;.  Alan Ladd is very effective in his starring role as &quot;Shane&quot;.  This is one of the few westerns that is worth seen (I am not Western fan).  I highly recommend this movie.
0679879269|5.0|This is a great book. To explain why will take a while, so stick with me. My degree is in mathematics so it took a long time for me to understand what my literature professors were trying to say. This book got me thinking, after many years, about what makes a book great. I think a great book needs lots of things. First, it needs a great story, otherwise it will never be read. Next it needs believable, interesting characters. It also has to use your cultural background in ways that speak to you. All of these things can be found in lots of books, but to be really great, a book has to show the author's passion. I'm a fan of Rowling's Harry Potter books, they are great stories with fun characters, but nobody is calling them \\"great books\\". Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings on the other hand, meets the above criteria. There is no doubt that His Dark Materials is in this class. One has to judge Pullman's work against Tolkien for a lot of reasons. The scope of both can only be described as cosmic and they are truly great stories. The range and quality of characters is comparable. It takes great skill to make an armored bear one of my favorite characters! Although I have not seen a bio of Pullman, I would guess that he, like Tolkien, was raised a Roman Catholic. The cultural background is pretty obvious. And their knowledge of the cultural images that can speak to us is vast. So that leaves the subject of passion. There is passion in this book. You can tell that Pullman put his heart and soul into it. You must, however, ask the question of great books \\"what is the passion all about\\". No one bothers to ask that of the Harry Potter books. They are just great fun and the people that are in a twit about the magic are in a twit about everything. These books are another matter. The passion touches the reader in profound ways. Tolkien's passion was for great heroes and normal, simple people that became great heroes by doing their duty the best they know how. His was a passion about sacrifice, about laying down your life for someone else, about hope against great odds, resurrection and the ultimate triumph of good. Pullman's passion is for unlikely heroes, loyalty and freedom. Above all, the passion is for freedom, freedom from the Authority, the church, parents and from moral quibbles. But, ultimately, freedom turns out to be a phantom. Lyra cannot escape the fact that her lies ultimately fail her. Will finds that he cannot escape the physical fact that his freedom to move between worlds will destroy them. And finally, the author finds that freedom from God brings only nothingness. Purgatory does not lead to Heaven, it only leads to oblivion. This is the ultimate sadness of this book, not the separation of Will and Lyra. There truly is no hope. Pullman must have had some terrible experiences with the church to be so bitter about it. It is too bad that he cannot see that his emaciated god is not the true reality: God is really there, really loves us, really cares enough to break into history, make the ultimate sacrifice to give His life for us so we can be truly free. Give me Tolkien's passion, anytime! Read this book. Read Tolkien. Compare them. The reason that Tolkien's passion resonates is that it is true. When Frodo leaves the Grey Havens, he is going to Someone not nothing.
B00003CWTI|4.0|4 stars, not 5 because admittedly it is a long, tough movie to take in one sitting. But you really should see it. P.T. Anderson is one of the few directors out there worthy of the title Auteur. Hitchcock, Scorcese, Tarantino (if he decides to make more)...these guys have their own style like Anderson -- they leave their mark on a film.  And so does Wes Andersen, the Wachowski Brothers and David Fincher. They are a new breed of director who don't just make movies, they make films.<br />Watch and you'll notice that Anderson is in full control of MAGNOLIA (he wrote and directed it). He takes long scenes and keeps them interesting by way of great performances and constant motion of the camera. You feel yourself moving through his films as the films move within themselves. MAGNOLIA opens with a fantastic first half hour filled with continuous cameral panning, music overlay and character introduction. It really is one of the most exhilarating openings. The middle may seem bogged down with depressing characters, but his movies are about PEOPLE. You can't gloss over them and succeed. The middle of the film has a musical interlude with Aimee Mann's beautiful song &quot;Wise Up&quot;. It plays in its entirety like a music video with the characters singing along. A very nice and unusual touch.  The wind-up to the ending is truly uplifting as John C. Reilly's character talks about people and redemption. His monologue ends and the song &quot;Save Me&quot; begins as we see one of MAGNOLIA's troubled characters, Claudia, being talked to about how she IS a good person. The song plays as the camera slowly zooms in on her face, then she looks into the lens and smiles as  the screen goes black. It leaves the viewer with hope. Because the movie is about the good in people. And how sometimes you have to look a little deeper.<br />The DVD transfer is flawless. The sound is phenomenal, especially with a film whose music is as integral to the plot as the characters. I know it is a tough 3 hour film to watch -- and  3 hours is a lot to invest in a movie, but if you loved Anderson's BOOGIE NIGHTS, you'll appreciate MAGNOLIA. Cruise IS as good as the critics said, and everyone else surely deserved to be nominated as well. Someday The Academy is going to have to offer a BEST CAST PERMORMANCE award, because Anderson's actors are always at their best.3 hour film to watch -- and  3 hours is a lot to invest in a movie, but if you loved Anderson's BOOGIE NIGHTS, you'll appreciate MAGNOLIA. Cruise IS as good as the critics said, and everyone else surely deserved to be nominated as well. Someday The Academy is going to have to offer a BEST CAST PERMORMANCE award, because Anderson's actors are always at their best.
1569382603|5.0|This box set is WELL WORTH THE MONEY. Educational &amp; very well done.Graham Hancock puts forth very sound theories that make more sense than the theories we learned in school. History is being re-written every day &amp; this box set is a chance to learn the truth about these ancient sites.
B000056QE5|5.0|This cd has alot of songs and kids will be singing along and listening to this cd alot.
0679879269|5.0|OK, I probably shouldn't be writing a review before I've even finished the book, but it's 2 months I've been reading it &amp; it might take that much longer to finish it... I think it says something helpful to you that I'm even writing this. For me, this last of the trilogy is even more powerful than the others, which all built to this one like a crescendo, to a literary sforzando. (It's a rare novel, just as it's a rare piece of music other than classical, that uses dynamics effectively.) So I'm sipping this one like a rare, vintage wine; the last of its kind - it's really that good. However, the real reason I'm compelled to review so soon is that there's another feeling you must know about: that there's a very real sense of The Amber Spyglass being a vision into another living world. And along with that, there's a sense of sadness at leaving the characters &quot;on their own&quot; while I have to put the book down to continue on with my life. Yes, there's an incredible compulsion to finish the book in one excitable draught, so involving it is, but also what a sense of compassion &amp; tenderness this reader at least feels towards the people (of all sorts) in it. They have become part of me. And although I hate to leave them lingering in the pages until I return, I know that they are living in the world of my imagination while I take my time to read it. I hope you understand this, &amp; perhaps it will mean something to you. I don't remember being this moved in a long time (being a trilogy helps, for the depth) - perhaps only back when Tolkien's foursome dribbled out into print. But I think I like this one better, for the characters and for the way it guides us through some provocative, important ideas.
0790733900|5.0|It is difficult to find a movie that has all the elements of &quot;Cool Hand Luke,&quot; i.e., great screenplay, superb acting, great directing, and a wonderful musical score.  The movie is very typical of the 60's genre where rebellion was in, and what we have in Luke is the consummate rebel. But a very lovable rebel at that.  We learn of the various psychological complexities of Luke and of the very grim conditions of living on a southern chain gang.  There are so many aspects of this movie that make it great that it is hard to isolate just a couple.  The friendship that develops between the character &quot;Dragline&quot;, beautifully played by George Kennedy, and Luke is wonderful to experience, as is Luke's constant search for God. <br />The movie is full of humor, for example the famous egg-eating contest, tenderness, sadness and just about any emotion you can think of.  I think that is what has made it so appealing over the years.<br />I greatly appreciate the efforts of Director Stuart Rosenberg, Actor Paul Newman who gave, what I consider to be, the finest performance of his career, George Kennedy for his Academy Award winning performance, and composer Lalo Schifrin who wrote the beautiful musical score.  All who worked on this movie deserve great credit, because they created, what I consider to be, the greatest movie ever made.
B000002ADT|5.0|I'm a seventeen year old male, and at the age of 15 you can imaguine that the only music that pervaded my  mind was the latest rap and rock.  However, one day  a friend of mine gave me a tape containing &quot;Say what&quot; from Kind of Blue.   This was my first time hearing jazz, having thought before that it was all elevator music.<br />This is absolutely the best CD I own (about 200) I have listened to it countless times and I never tire of it. It was my introduction into the world of Jazz and it is a beautiful album for any true music fans collection.  No true jazz fan should go without it, and no true music fan should avoid buying it. Highly recommended.
1572522232|4.0|After purchasing 2 VHS versions of this classic horror treat my DVD version arrived from England yesterday. The widescreen format is excellent the colors vibrant and the screaming soundtrack in Hi-Fi surround. I actually jumped at one stage during a loud clap of thunder in one scene. Amazon in the UK have this item on DVD in stock if anyone is interested but will only play on Multi zone DVD players. There are no extras and scene selection can only be accessed once the film has already started.
B00004YC2F|4.0|What I find lacking in the Volodos/Levine collaboration of the Rach 3 is the poor balance which favors the piano and weakens orchestral detail.  For me one of the joys of this concerto is to hear the piano as part of an ensemble of equals, or at least almost equals.  There is so much richness in this score contributed by the orchestra.  Solo woodwinds (flute, oboe, clarinet), brass (French horn, trumpet), and percussion, especially the whacks of the bass drum in the final movement.  When those climactic whacks don't produce sympathetic vibratios in my diaphragm, I am disappointed.  An exemple of what I am talking about can be found in the Rubinstein/Reiner/ Chicago Symphony recording of Rach 2 and the Paganini Rhapsody.  The power and wealth of detail in this performance is unequaled.  In any case, in all of the interesting reviews of Rach 3 I have read, I haven't seen a single reference to the recording by Jean-Yves Thibaudet with the Cleveland Orchestra conducted (yes, conducted) by Vladimir Ashkenazy.  The balance between piano and orchestra is just about ideal.  Tempos are chosen not just for the intensification of momentum, but for the revelation of detail.  And the Cleveland Orchestra need not make any apologies to the Berlin Philharmonic.  One interesting sidelight:  in the 2nd repetition of the trumpet/timpani fanfare, followed by the soaring melody, just before the end of last movement, &quot;boom-boom/ta-ta-tam,&quot; Ashkenzy takes the liberty to add another note to produce &quot;boom-boom/ ta-ta-ta-tam.&quot;  It's a clever addition.<br />Volodos is still a powerhouse of a pianist.  Not only does he appear to play EVERY note of this concerto, but he does so with astounding clarity and articulation.  His amazing technique and facility became even more apparent when I heard his arrangement of the &quot;Rondo alla turca&quot; movement from Mozart's Sonata K.331. It is in the tradition of such arrangers as Liszt, Godovsky, Rosenthal, and Horowitz, whose arrangement of the &quot;Star Spangled Banner&quot; comes to mind.  How can anyone play such density of notes in such a short amount of time?  I am looking forward to hearing more of his work, especially in the classical literature.
B00000K19E|1.0|I sat and watched this film after listening to all the hype about it and yep, it has got good special effects. However, if you really want to see a good engrossing film then don't bother watching it. It lacks a decent plot, the storyline is just plain bad and the acting is bordering on painful.
6304466498|5.0|If you have seen any of mel brooks movies.This one takes the cake.Mel Brooks,John Candy, and Bill Pulman star in this hilarious spoof of the Star Wars Trilogy.I laughed so hard,I checked my pulse to see if I was alive.Iwould recomend this movie to anyone who wants a good laugh.
6303920713|3.0|Well first of all Michelle Pfeiffer was good as Lou Anne Johnson. She comes across as very genuine. There there could have been a bit more drama in the film. I found the film a bit unrealistic and the storyline was a bit far fetched. Some of the swearing in the film was unesscarcery.I feel the film could have been a really big hit but it lacked depth and it needed to be more realistic. Apart from these factors I thought it was brilliant, it had comedy, humour sadness, enjoyment. All the nessarcary ingredients for a great film.B ut some how I dont think it came togehter. The other actors in this film such as Courtney B Vance did an excellent job. They portrayed thier characters very well. T his film is suitable for most people.
B00004YC2F|4.0|What I find lacking in the Volodos/Levine collaboration of the Rach 3 is the poor balance which favors the piano and weakens orchestral detail.  For me one of the joys of this concerto is to hear the piano as part of an ensemble of equals, or at least almost equals.  There is so much richness in this score contributed by the orchestra.  Solo woodwinds (flute, oboe, clarinet), brass (French horn, trumpet), and percussion, especially the whacks of the bass drum in the final movement.  When those climactic whacks don't produce sympathetic vibratios in my diaphragm, I am disappointed.  An exemple of what I am talking about can be found in the Rubinstein/Reiner/ Chicago Symphony recording of Rach 2 and the Paganini Rhapsody.  The power and wealth of detail in this performance is unequaled.  In any case, in all of the interesting reviews of Rach 3 I have read, I haven't seen a single reference to the recording by Jean-Yves Thibaudet with the Cleveland Orchestra conducted (yes, conducted) by Vladimir Ashkenazy.  The balance between piano and orchestra is just about ideal.  Tempos are chosen not just for the intensification of momentum, but for the revelation of detail.  And the Cleveland Orchestra need not make any apologies to the Berlin Philharmonic.  One interesting sidelight:  in the 2nd repetition of the trumpet/timpani fanfare, followed by the soaring melody, just before the end of last movement, &quot;boom-boom/ta-ta-tam,&quot; Ashkenzy takes the liberty to add another note to produce &quot;boom-boom/ ta-ta-ta-tam.&quot;  It's a clever addition.<br />Volodos is still a powerhouse of a pianist.  Not only does he appear to play EVERY note of this concerto, but he does so with astounding clarity and articulation.  His amazing technique and facility became even more apparent when I heard his arrangement of the &quot;Rondo alla turca&quot; movement from Mozart's Sonata K.331. It is in the tradition of such arrangers as Liszt, Godovsky, Rosenthal, and Horowitz, whose arrangement of the &quot;Star Spangled Banner&quot; comes to mind.  How can anyone play such density of notes in such a short amount of time?  I am looking forward to hearing more of his work, especially in the classical literature.
B000002KDI|5.0|Powderfinger, the track from which those lyrics are drawn, is the clear standout here.   The song can transport you to another place and time for a few minutes in a way that only Mr. Young can do.<br />There are other tunes on here that I really enjoy, but the electric guitar and haunting voice on Powderfinger define this album for me.<br />Thank you, Neil.
B0000524E5|4.0|This movie was awesome!!  Go see it...you'll love it!
B0000560X3|5.0|If you are looking for 'the' ultimate deep purple video,  look no furthur coz this machine head video is simply awesome.  Filmed during Deep purple at its finest,  this video captures the band at its peak full of improvisation and 70s over the top concert excesses.  The setlists are from the machine head tour though sadly they missed out SMOKE ON THE WATER.  That is probably the only disappointment of this great video.  You'll get a chance to see gillan screaming his voice off on child in time and blackmore incendiary showmanship and his incredible guitarplaying.  Recommended for all deep purple fans especially the new generation who don't know what they were missing back then.
B00003CWL6|5.0|I originally went to watch this film in a huge open air theatre in the middle of Glastonbury Festival 2000, unfortuanatly the film was on at 2am so about ten minutes into the film(after much partying that day) i went to sleep. this however does not reflect the film.<br />When the DVD was finally released in the UK i obviously bought it to see the film and i still say after watching several times that the film is brilliant!! Although i have to agree with some of the reviews on this site about failing to remember the content of the film, but i see this as an advantage so that you can watch the film over again. Anyone who hasnt bought this film, should do. Or if you want, rent it just to see whats it like. Then you have the option of either taking it back cos you dont like it, or you can go out and buy your own copy. Doug Inman, Swanage, Dorset - UK
B00003CXBK|5.0|This film is totally fantastic!, the character and story develpoment it's oh my God!, as i never have seen it before, the whole film it's fantastic!
0380729407|5.0|Ray Bradbury is more than just a sci-fiction writer.  In Something Wicked this Way Comes, Bradbury uses vivid metaphors, and details to illustrate the story of two young boys coming to age.  The underlying theme of this book is the battle between the good and evil on earth, and also the battle inside of all of us.  This is a must read!!!!!
0385501005|4.0|I enjoyed reading this light romantic comedy about a typical male who can't commit. Having read novels about men who can't commit from a woman's perspective -- Animal Husbandry, Bridget Jones's Diary -- it was nice to read a man's point of view. Duffy is a delightful and sweet hero. Why on earth was he so endearing? Aren't commitment-phobes supposed to be cold-hearted men with no souls? That is exactly why I enjoyed this novel! The hero has great human qualities that make you forget that he's allergic to marriage. I love the part in which he seems as though full possession of the remote control is a main priority in his life. I recommend this cute book from a great male British author!
0440219078|5.0|I read The Giver and the ideas of this book has remained with me (I am now in 11th grade).  A hauntingly tragic story, it makes you think about the price of a completly peaceful society. This book is amazing and I recommend it to everyone
0399146253|1.0|I always grab Cornwell's books as soon as they are out....should not have invested in this one..just didn't hold my attention.
0913866156|1.0|I was very disappointed when I received this deck.  I fell in love with the Thoth Tarot after recieving a reading from a friend.  Her cards were beautifully vibrant.  I immediately ordered this deck.  When it arrived, I was stunned to discover that the cards were not as beautiful as I remembered.  The cards had a murky green tinge to them.  When I compared them to my friend's deck, I discovered that they were not the same.  Her deck was printed in Switzerland and mine was printed in Belgium.<br /><br />There was a huge difference in the appearance and feel of the cards.  The green tint on the cards printed in Belgium made readings seem ominous and foreboding.<br /><br />I had to search the Internet for months before I found someone who had a copy of the large deck printed in Switzerland.  At that time Amazon did not have the Swiss version, however, they now have it listed as \\"Swiss Crowley Large Thoth Tarot Deck\\".....  Ifyou can get a copy of the Swiss deck, I highly recommend it for it'sbeauty and powerful readings.  But don't waste your money on the deckprinted in Belgium.  It is an insult to thebeautiful art work of LadyFrieda Harris and not at all a pleasure to read with.
0812550757|5.0|Think about your life. What do you see when you close your eyes? Your childhood? Your first kiss? Your high school graduation? The first time you ever won a prize? But at closer inspection, you would see secrets kept, disappointments, pain, and sadness, too. How have all of those things affected you? A lot more than you would be willing to believe, I'll bet. Orson Scott Card's amazingly philosophical tale of REAL life, &quot;Speaker for the Dead&quot; probes into your mind and pulls these feelings out of you, whether you want it to or not... but only if you're a truly serious reader. A reader who not only visualizes the world that he/she reads, but becomes a part of it, feelings the characters' feelings, and being there when the bad news is broken. I was there, I felt it all, and at many points, I wanted to cry, but I didn't want to inflict water damage to this truly magnificent piece of literature I held in my hands. &quot;Speaker&quot; picks up over 3000 years after &quot;Ender's Game,&quot; but Ender is only in his thirties, and so is his sister Valentine. His brother, Hegemon Peter Wiggin, has long since past into the sweet hereafter, and we are left with a completely new plot and a completely new way of looking at Ender's life. Since his discovery of the Hive Queen back on the first planet he helped colonize, Ender has been on a seemingly eternal mission to find a resting place for the cocoon he carries around in his knapsack, so the Formic race can thrive again. But it looks as if his 3000 year quest may be coming to an end when a story of two murders reaches his newest temporary home, Trondheim. The Pequeninos on the colony of Lusitania have killed a human scientist, and a Speaker for the Dead (a sort of spiritual following of people who have read Ender's books, &quot;The Hive Queen&quot; and &quot;The Hegemon&quot;) has been requested by a young girl named Novinha. Ender answers the call, and ends up tangled in a web of deceit and secrets that he has to unravel, no matter what the consequences. It is the ultimate test of that age-old theory, &quot;Will the truth set you free?&quot; It set me free as I read this book, page after page filling me with emotions that had never been triggered by a book before. &quot;Speaker for the Dead&quot; is no doubt, an equal to if not a better novel than &quot;Ender's Game.&quot; It's impossible to not be taken in by this amazing story. Please read it. And if you already have, read it again. It's even better the second time.vel, no matter what the consequences. It is the ultimate test of that age-old theory, &quot;Will the truth set you free?&quot; It set me free as I read this book, page after page filling me with emotions that had never been triggered by a book before. &quot;Speaker for the Dead&quot; is no doubt, an equal to if not a better novel than &quot;Ender's Game.&quot; It's impossible to not be taken in by this amazing story. Please read it. And if you already have, read it again. It's even better the second time.
B00000K2VZ|5.0|I've probably purchased this recording 3 or 4 times since I first bought it back in the early '70's!!  That how much I've listened to it.  I now have the CD.<br />This is definetely her best album out of the four she made.  To this date, no one has come up with a better version of &quot;Me and Bobby McGee&quot;.  As for the extra bonus tracks, I'm grateful to SONY for including them.  I only wish they had done a better job of editing &quot;Try&quot; and &quot;Cry Baby&quot;.  I edited them both on my stereo and I did a far better job (I'm not bragging) especially with &quot;Cry Baby&quot;.  I took out the end part of &quot;Cry Baby&quot;.  It sounds more palatable to the ears.  <br />I loved hearing &quot;Little Girl Blue&quot; live, as it is one of her finest performances.  I also love &quot;My Baby&quot; and &quot;Move Over&quot;.  Great songs.  Full Tilt Boogie were incredible musicians!<br />Still a top notch listnening pleasure!  Still amazing after all these years!!!<br />Best regards from Beautiful British Columbia!<br />John Jensen
0792156684|1.0|What??? This is the highest grossing movie of all time and has an extra-free DVD, only the trailer. I don't know what these studio guys are thinking, they even dare to call it &quot;Collector's Edition&quot;. The image and sound are great. In my opinion this is not the greatest movie ever done, but it ain't the worst either.
B00004Y6Q5|4.0|Boy, this soundtrack fits the movie like a glove.  I would expect nothing less from Clint Mansel, whose Pi soundtrack was equally appropriate.<br />Of course, since the soundtrack fits the movie so perfectly, it begs the same question the movie begged: Why am I paying money to get bummed out?  If you've seen the movie, you know how unbelievably depressing and almost grotesque it gets towards the end, after teasing us with the futile hopes of its characters, and by the end, this soundtrack becomes the symphonic equivalent of an amputation, electroshock therapy, a southern prison, and a foot-long dildo (again, you'd have to see the movie to understand) all rolled into one.  Of course, the question of when you'd want to listen to this soundtrack is a big one: It would probably kill a good mood and make a bad one worse.  But they can't ALL be cheery film scores can they?<br />Also, the familiar theme of the soundtrack appears over and over again with extremely subtle, if any, variation.  Now I realize that it's not unusual for a theme to be repeated in a musical work, but the theme must make up almost 60% of the CD's content.  Almost all of the tracks with any length to them are centered on the theme.  I fear that the repetition may weaken the soundtrack's ability to stand the test of time.<br />Nonetheless, I gave this CD four stars for a reason.  It's very powerful and the perfect thing to listen to if you're getting tired of being happy all the time.
B00003CX8J|5.0|Forgot to add this to my review, but there is a HIDDEN &quot;Spider-Man&quot; scene in the DVD. It's pretty short but funny. Here's how to access it:  In the SPECIAL FEATURES menu, select the THEATRICAL and TV TRAILERS.  Highlight TRAILER A but do not enter it, simply push and hold the LEFT key pad and a ROSE will suddenly appear. Select the rose and you'll get to see the scene. Also, in the ART Menu, Wolverine's Dog tags will appear which will take you to production drawings of a character called BEAST and a character called THE BLOB.   Enjoy!
B000050FEN|3.0|As far as Serial Killer thrillers Seven is pretty good, but doesn't hold up to the suspense that was built in Silence of the Lambs. Cinematography and score are up to the artistic standards of a great movie, but the plot seemed secondary to the care that was taken to create the mood and look of the film. The much talked about &quot;shocking ending&quot; seemed very predictable and was obvious by the first third of the movie. Morgan Freeman seemed bored and this definitely was not the best work of his career or of the careers of Brad Pitt or Gwenyth Paltrow.<br />New Line Platinum Series DVD's are well worth it though, as they give an outstanding insight into the craft and art of movie making. The depth of information and behind the scenes access that they provide give a greater appreciation for the tremendous amount of work and detail that goes into making even a mediocre movie. So if you are interested in the magic of moviemaking this series is worth the purchase, even if the final product doesn't blow you away.
B00004XPP0|5.0|What can I say about a set of movies which almost EVERYONE on the planet has seen at least once in their lives?  NOt much, right?  <br />These are the special editions, and I didn't have too much of a problem with them.  MOst of the extra footage rounded the movies out and gave the viewer a better idea of what Lucas was trying to do.  The best example of this, in my mind, is the scene in Episode IV: A New Hope when Luke and company enter Mos-Eisley.  You get a better view of the city and it's population.  Another plus was the scene at the end when the rebel fighters are rounding Yavin on their approach of the Death Star.  You get to see the pilots heads moving and they don't have such a one dimensional feel to them.<br />Episode V had the least amount of changes, and remains my favorite.  I particularly enjoyed the expanded scene with the snow monster.  In the original the limitations were painfully obvious, as we saw very little of the monster.  Now you can see him eating, moving, etc...  I feel it adds a certain amount of tension a scene which was lacking. <br />However, I didn't think all of the additions were good.  I didn't like the added footage of Darth Vader nor was I impressed with Jabba. I could have done without the comic performance at Jabba's Palace in Jedi, but I did enjoy the new ending.  <br />All in all these films are classics and should be part of ANY movie fans collection.
B0000524E5|5.0|Coyote Ugly&quot; is one the best dance, hip hop films I've ever seen and I've seen a lot. Performances are superb and beyond telling. Piper is astounding and does her job great. Music is fabulous and DTS audio track makes you feel like you are in the crowd in the bar even though you are in your living room.<br />The additional features make this a worthwhile purchase for the price... The movie itself is phenomenal, along with the fact that it sounds better in my home than it did in the theater! I recommend this one to both males and females alike.  The music is pretty good, the dancing is steamy, and the ladies...they are not ugly..
0140186409|3.0|After FINALLY completing the book, I realized that I did enjoy the themes Steinbeck illustrated.  However, it did bother me that there was an entire chapter dedicated to the trials and tribulations of a turtle.  It made a good point, but it was so long.  And how long can one go on about dust?  I realize it's the dustbowl, but some of Steinbeck's descriptions are a bit excessive.  If you are required to read it, as many high school students are, enjoy it's themes, but don't leave reading the 600 page book to the last minute.
B00001NFCY|4.0|I love this record, it's really a relief to still find bands that worth, after buying this record i couldn't stop listening to it. Stapp vocals and Tremmonti guitars, are the essence of it. The album starts with two powerfull tracks: &quot;Are u Ready?&quot;, and &quot;What If&quot;; these two tracks show us the energy of this band,great songs to follow:&quot;Beautiful&quot;,&quot;Say I&quot; and &quot;Wrong Way&quot; make this record enjoyable. Then we have other great songs like &quot;Faceless Man&quot;, where Stapp tells us an history inspired in the nature and in an encounter with God. After that the classic songs: &quot;With Arms wide open&quot;, and &quot;Higher&quot;, that offer the classic Creed sound, good tracks.... But the best tracks of the album are yet to come: &quot;Wash away those years&quot; is the best song that Stapp have ever written, it talks about the expierience of being raped, and the consequences of that tragedy, but it also talks that there's a life after that, and that it's not the end of the world.....<br />&quot;Inside Us All&quot; tells us that we have to find the peace in our soul, even if our situation it's kind of desperate. The album is almost flawless, but it's not perfect, there's a time when the album seems a little repetitive, I'm talking about the drumming and some guitar notes, besides that it's awesome, specially Stapp's voice and the Bass arrangements. All the other tracks are great too!! Buy this record instead of wasting ur money on crap cd's like Limp Bizkit or Blink 182. Creed Rocks!
B000050XEI|3.0|As a fan of Enya, I must confess that this does not compare to &quot;Watermark&quot; or &quot;Shepherd Moons&quot;. I found only two tracks that were good, the rest sounded hackneyed. I think a gap of four years should have led to a more distinct body of music. I love Celtic music and the the songs are nice but I was looking for Enya to establish her own style which does not happen.<br />As far as Celtic music is concerned I find that Enya is increasingly tilting towards &quot;pop celtic&quot; tunes and a lot of her compositions are sounding very similar. Other artists like Loreena McKennitt and, of course, the Chieftains are much more versatile and prolific.<br />Buy this album if you are a Enya fan but otherwise buy the &quot;Book of Secrets&quot; by McKennitt.
B00000J6AG|3.0|Play is a good album for the people who are new to electronica. I have to admit though Moby could have been more creative. He often uses a voice sample excessively. THat can be a little annoying. I hope Moby challenges himself further in later albums. I guess Play is Moby way to further finance himself. It's to commercial and plus he isn't the first to use gospel and blues singers is electronica. Moby is good but Recoil is better.
B00004Y635|5.0|When I sat down to watch the first 'Scream' and began the scene when Casey Becker (Drew Barrymore), I relized that it was not enough for a REALLY good horror film. Then, when I sat down to watch 'Scream 3' (I skipped 'Scream 2'), I noticed that THIS was the most important 'Scream' of all. It revealed the main killer which was ************ (If you haven't seen it) and it explained why and how ************ killed his victoms. So I would get SCREAM 3 if you want a good thriller!
1561009369|5.0|This is one of the best Bond books that I've read.It is action packed and suspenseful. It is written with great detail to action and is much faster paced than other Bond novels. Although it has a few slower moments the end makes up for it with its suspense. I liked all of the characters and thought Quarrel was a good sidekick for Bond.Honeychile was one of the better Bond girls also because she was more down to earth and seemed very natural.<br />      The story starts in Jamaica where two British secret service agents,Mr.Strangways and Mary Trueblood,are staying. One day after Strangways daily card games he is shot by three chinesse negros and taken away.The same guys then kill Mary Trueblood and take her too. In England, James Bond is sent down to Jamaica to investigate their agents disappearence.Once there Bond teams up with an old friend named Quarrel. While there Bond learns about a chinaman named Dr.No who owns a island called Crab Key. Bond decides to investigate Dr.No after Dr.No attempts to kill him. Bond and Quarrel take a canoe and sneak over to Crab Key. The morning after they arrived on Crab Key, Bond meets Honeychile Rider,who is diving for rare shells. She is very defensive and fierce upon meeting Bond. She relaxes though once she sees he's not going to harm her.At this time Quarrel tells them that boats are coming to the shore. The boats fire into the forest on shore and just barly misses Bond and Honeychile. The men on the boat then come ashore with dogs and guns to find the them. Now Bond,Quarrel,and Honeychile must try and save their lives from Dr.No's men. After Bond kills one of the men from the boat,they find a hidding place to rest for the night. The next morning they encounter a 'dragon',which is a marsh buggy made to look like a dragon.They fire upon with no effect and Quarrel is killed by the 'dragons'flamethrower. Bond and Honeychile are captured and taken to Dr.No. There Dr.No reveals his plans for power and that he killed Strangways. After telling him this,Dr.No sends Bond into his maze of death which he designed himself. Can Bond get out of the maze and save Honeychile,who has fallen in love with Bond, and the world once again or will he be defeated in Dr.No's maze of death?I don't want to spoil the end so you'll have to get the book to find out for yourself what happens to Bond.
0062502182|1.0|This book is so full of clichs that i wont waste time talking about it. If you like proust, shakespeare, thomas mann, dante or even somerset maughan dont read it. this is not literature but a vulgar kind of religion.
B000003N7G|5.0|In A Love Supreme, John Coltrane shares his spiritual awakening in the voice of his tenor sax.  It is an extraordinary and inspirational  jazz masterpiece which has been in part, responsible for my  own journey into the world of jazz music.  Coltrane is a true jazz saint and by listening to the four pieces on this CD, you will understand why.  Along with Coltrane, McCoy  Tyner on piano, Jimmy Garrison on bass and Elvin Jones on drums make rich,  beautiful and soulful music together.  In addition, the solos are intense and trancelike.<br />If you want to begin a journey into jazz....open this door.  No Jazz collection should be without this masterpiece.
020161622X|5.0|When I first came across this book, I'd been a professional programmer for four years. In that time I adopted certain habits, styles of coding, that just seemed to make sense. But this book brought those techniques into sharp, formal relief. It showed me why they were right, and, in some cases, why I hadn't taken them far enough.<br />After reading this book I understood my craft better. I learned to think not just about the work itself, but the assumptions I had made in diving in to it. I learned to think about and improve my approaches to the work. I was able help the team breath more quality into our software.<br />It's a year later, and I've purchased a copy of this book for each member in my development team, paid for from our training budget. I was desparate for them to understand the idea of 'writing shy code' (a.k.a. separation of concerns), and of fixing 'broken windows' (don't let defects go! fix them before they accumulate) among other practices of experienced programmers.<br />This book delivers a powerful dose of common sense for anyone who creates and successfully delivers software for a living. As a bonus, you get a pull-out sheet of the authors' tips and tricks. You won't regret adding this book to your library.
B00004Y6Q5|5.0|this is quite possibly the greatest score i have ever heard.  it is definitely dark and eerie.  having not even seen the movie, i can already tell a bit about it.  the first track is the most prominent and is played throughout in slightly different forms.  this track is definitely the most powerful.  with over 30 tracks, this soundtrack has never a dull moment.  i would recommend this to anyone who liked the &quot;pi&quot; soundtrack which also has music by clint mansell.  all in all this is a great score!
B000022TT4|5.0|Rattle &amp; Hum is a documterary of U2's 1987 tour of America.  Director Phil Joanou follows the band to New York, Texas, Memphis, San Francisco, Denver and Arizona.  The movie is shot in black and white for the most part until the end when a couple of concert sequences appear in color.  The sharp contrast is startling and gives the film an added power.  One of the more poignant scenes is the band's visit to Graceland and Sun Studios as the visit the cradle of rock 'n' roll.  For four guys from Dublin, Ireland this visit is like a visit to the Holy Land and it is treated with justifiable reverence.  While the interviews and look at the behind the scenes are nice, the meat of any rock film are the live performances and U2 does not disappoint.  Their performance of &quot;I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For&quot; with a Harlem choir in a church is uplifting.  The do a gut wrenching take on &quot;Sunday Bloody Sunday&quot; and haunting version of &quot;With Or Without You&quot;.  They practically explode off the screen with the rampaging &quot;Bullet The Blue Sky&quot;.  Rattle &amp; Hum is a must for any U2 fan and now that fourteen years have past and the band has changed its image and look a couple of times, it is interesting to look at them in a simpler time.
630575067X|1.0|Aside from the direction, writing, acting and yes, FX, 'The Phantom Menace' is a great film. But seriously, 'Menace' has got to be one of the most poorly executed films in history. Indeed, most people who hate 'Menace', are hardcore Star Wars fans; they just haven't sacrificed taste on the alter of obsession. In fact, I think that the 'lean and hungry' George Lucas from 1977 would even be horrifed at 'Menace'. <br />This flick is one whopping bore of a movie, a collection of computer generated images devoid of feeling, emotion and above all the very reality of human existence. It would rival Tarkovsky's Solaris as the most sleep-inducing science fiction film of all time, if not for the deafening prowess of THX technicians and the constant onslaught of explosions. Even John Williams' music is his worst score since Amistad. It is a collection of excerpts from the previous three films and the new compositions introduced sound as if they've been reluctantly written. When I first saw it, I found myself playing the game of &quot;Spot the ILM Effect.&quot; Sequences seen in Raiders of the Lost Ark, Waterworld, Starship Troopers, Robocop, the original Star Wars trilogy and Jurassic Park. <br />&quot;Only a movie,&quot; says the great bearded guru. Yes, well, 'The Phantom Menace' is shameless in its pilfering of scenes from blockbusters. Whatever your thoughts are on the Star Wars universe, the &quot;charm&quot; and &quot;humor&quot; of the original three films have been reduced by Lucas, the &quot;great auteur,&quot; to cutesy moments aimed primarily at avid watchers of Teletubbies. Lucas apparently never met a clich he didn't swoon over. His script is a muddled piece of idiocy, more hack job than Joseph Campbell. As a director, he treats his actors worse than ignoble props, sacrificing the vital human moments they need to express for the sake of his gratuitous digital effects and allowing them to speak their inane lines with bland monotony and all the emotional impact ofa plate of Brussel sprouts. His direction is so flat that he makes Hitchcock, who once dismissed actors as mere cattle and insisted that the motivation behind a performance was a paycheck, look like the greatest Method director who ever lived. And do you really think Ep.II will be better?? Like he would 'change' his style....Why should he? He's surrounded himself with so much wealth and power, he could release a film worse than 'Menace' and still rake in millions. <br />So when you pluck down your hard earned cash for the next one, don't say we didn't warn you. We'll be enjoying Lord Of The Rings and The Matrix.
0792156684|4.0|When Titanic was released in December of 1997, most people predicted the film would sink like its real life namesake.  ...  People went to see the movie, not once or twice or even three times, but a half a dozen or more.  Theaters were packed to the gills on all screening and the movie ceased being just a movie and became a phenomenon.  Titanic mania was everywhere, from books to the soundtrack which spent an amazing 18 weeks at number and you couldn't turn on a radio and not hear Celine Dion's omnipresent &quot;My Heart Will Go On&quot;.  Leonardo DiCaprio became a teen idol and Kate Winslet became a star.  Oh yeah, James Cameron made pretty enjoyable and good film.  Known for his use of special effects, Titanic boasts some stunning visuals.  The detailed recreation of the doomed ship is stunning.  The sinking of the ship is terrifying and breathtaking.  Amid all these effects is a classic Hollywood love story.  Mr. DiCaprio's Jack is a rogue who wins his way into the third class steerage section in a card game while Ms. Winslet's Rose is from a family of means and travels in the first class section with her money hungry mother (played by Francis Fisher) and her loathsome fianc&eacute;e Cal (played with an evil sneer by Billy Zane).  Jack and Rose meet on deck and quickly fall in love.  They are meant for another, but their love is doomed from the start.  The tragic ending to their relationship will leave you misty-eyed.  While the movie definitely pulls on your heartstrings, the two leads are so believable and charming you can't help but be drawn in.  Titanic went on to become the highest grossing movie in history and tied Ben-Hur with a record 11 Academy Awards.
B000002HNR|2.0|The 2 star rating is not because this is a lousy live album.  No, actually, this is a great live album.  &quot;Who Do You Love&quot;, performed by the Doors, sounds like a great rock moment to me.  (Even though it's not a complete take and even though there are barely any complete takes on this whole set.)  No, the 2 stars is for the absolutely pointless re-release of the album, since In Concert basically compiles all of the previously release live Doors albums.  Why, why, why would the Doors re-release PART of In Concert when that double CD set is in print?  Why?  Because the Doors have proven time and again that they love releasing and re-releasing and re-selling product that you already have(!)  Don't believe me?  Look at how they re-released all of their studio albums, digitally re-mastered, when in fact they were all digitally re-mastered when they first appeared on CD.  Look at how they release a box set of &quot;new stuff&quot; but include ANOTHER greatest hits.  Look at how they release the 2CD Best of the Doors only to release the 1CD Doors' Greatest Hits.  Or a disc of random tracks from the boxset.  I consider the Doors one of the top rock bands of all time, and I am an adoring fan, but this shamelessness by the remaining members and by Elektra is downright insulting.  Not to mention the fact that all of the live material of the Doors is spliced-together music compiled from many different concerts, instead of single takes.  While most may not mind this form of sonic trickery, I think that it reeks of artistic pretension--especially when some members overdub guitar parts decades later (re: the Doors Box Set.)  Oh well.  Suffice to say that if you own In Concert this CD is absolutely useless.  The Doors should simply rename it Absolutely Profitable and slap on a different cover.
079283321X|5.0|Rocky is a classic Hollywood story.  A two-bit loser boxer gets his chance, against all odds, for fame and fortune by fighting the champion of the world.  The story symbolizes Sylvester Stallone's own rise to fame.  At the time, Mr. Stallone was a basically unknown actor who had done nothing to show he was capable of making such an all-time great film.  Not only did he give the performance of lifetime as Rocky Balboa, he also wrote the screenplay.  He plays Rocky as a likeable slub.  A washed up boxer who earns a living as an enforcer for a loan shark, Rocky isn't all that bright, but he cares.  He loves animals and falls for the douty Adrian who works at the local pet store.  Talia Shire is excellent as the shy and frumpy girl with thick glasses who eventually comes out her shell.  Burt Young is her lush of a brother Paulie who works in a meat locker and is always scheming for a buck.  Rocky gets his chance at a title when the challenger to the champion of the world Apollo Creed goes down with an injury.  As the fight is taking on the first day of America's Bicentennial Year (1976) in Philadelphia, Creed comes up with the idea that since America is the land of opportunity, he is going to give a local, unknown Philadelphia boxer the chance at the title.  He picks Rocky because he loves his nickname The Italian Stallion.  Rocky reluctantly agrees to fight Creed and despite everyone else looking at the fight as a joke, Rocky trains hard just to go the distance.  In one of the more poignant scenes in the movie, Rocky's former trainer Mickey (played with crusty charm by Burgess Meredith), who had give his locker away at the gym because he declared Rocky a bum, comes to Rocky's decrepit apartment begging for forgiveness and chance to train him.  Mr. Stallone and Mr. Meredith play the scene with alternating anger and forgiveness and it is quite powerful.  The fight scene is compelling and the music still sends chills up your spine.  It's difficult keep a dry eye at the end of the fight as Rocky does go the distance.  Rocky defied all odds by becoming a big hit and upsetting such other films like Network, All The President's Men and Taxi Driver to win the 1976 Best Picture Oscar.  The movie even made it's inspiring and thrilling theme song &quot;Gonna Fly Now&quot; a number one hit for it's composer Bill Conti.  Rocky catapulted Mr. Stallone from unknown to superstar and he parlayed the film's success into a wildly successful career (albeit in movies that don't even close to the power and glory of Rocky).d of the fight as Rocky does go the distance.  Rocky defied all odds by becoming a big hit and upsetting such other films like Network, All The President's Men and Taxi Driver to win the 1976 Best Picture Oscar.  The movie even made it's inspiring and thrilling theme song &quot;Gonna Fly Now&quot; a number one hit for it's composer Bill Conti.  Rocky catapulted Mr. Stallone from unknown to superstar and he parlayed the film's success into a wildly successful career (albeit in movies that don't even close to the power and glory of Rocky).
0679600701|5.0|Whether or not you agree with my title, you must agree that this book is one of the most important volumes of Western science. That is the reason I resisted reading it for so long. In the end, this book should be read not because it is important or still controversial after a century and a half, but because it is interesting reading, giving insight into Darwin and his times. A great deal of his examples remain compelling and his analysis still engages the intellect. This book is not dull or stuffy, but rather, fun, interesting reading. A number of the concepts with which Darwin struggles still engage biologists today. <br />This book will surprise and delight you, if you are like me, force you to read the current writings on evolution, creationism and  genetics. In a world where genetic developments rule medicine and where genetic advances challenge our ethical concepts, it is important for all of us to understand these concepts, and the best place to begin is with the man who started it, Charles Darwin.
6305280762|5.0|After the success of The Poseidon Adventure, disaster flicks became the rage in Hollywood.  Stars lined up left in right to appear in them.  While most are laughable and only worth watching for the camp value, Towering Inferno rises above the pack.  It is a well-crafted and well-acted movie, with excellent performances.  Like most disaster movies, the plot revolves around a state of the art high-rise in San Francisco.  Due to faulty wiring, the building catches fire trapping people all throughout.  You are kept on the edge of your seat with amazing pyrotechnics, daring helicopter rescues and the fire departments last ditch effort to save the last remaining people on the top floor of the building.  Paul Newman plays the architect who designed the building and Steve McQueen is the fire chief who risks his life fighting the fire.  They are but two of a mega-watt cast that includes Fred Astaire (who received his only Academy Award nomination for the role), Faye Dunaway, Robert Wagner, Richard Chamberlain (who is cast against type as the villain), Jennifer Jones, OJ Simpson and Robert Vaughan (Mike Lookinland, Bobby Brady from The Brady Bunch has a small part).  The film was a huge success and received a nomination for Best Picture in 1974.
0345440757|1.0|A warning to brand new parents: take this book with a HUGE grain of salt! I had a chance to read this book before its publication, when my son was 3 months old, and it caused me many days of anxiety and frustration. The author's contention that all babies fit into one of four types, and that they can all be &quot;tamed&quot; by following her recommendations, is just not accurate. My baby didn't nap well, and he certainly needed to eat more than every 3 hours, and I thought one of us must be crazy. Well, now he naps like an angel, and acts like one, too, but not until he was 6 months old. I tried and tried to follow Hogg's advice, causing tears for both of us. Guess what, Tracy? Usually a parent's instincts are right! Maybe your Hollywood parents just don't have any...
6305064490|5.0|The word film classic gets thrown around quite a bit, but very few films actually deserve that appellation.  It's A Wonderful Life definitely deserves to labeled as such.  It is probably the most beloved film ever made.  Interestingly, the film was a major flop when it was released in 1946.  It sat around in the vaults as a forgotten movie until it's copyright expired.  The film became public domain and in the time of television, that meant stations could air it without paying for the rights to do so.  Even though it is not a Christmas film, the fact that the movie ending takes place on Christmas, stations aired the film incessantly around the holidays.  The movie became traditional watching for families and has since become so associated with Christmas that one could mark the season with the movie's airing.  The film itself is a morality tale and one of the darkest and disturbing film performances of Jimmy Stewart's career.  We follow the downward spiral of Mr. Stewart's George Bailey.  He has high ideals and wants to travel the world, but ends up doing the right thing by taking over his father's savings and loan business in Bedford Falls.  He world eventually crashes down around him when his Uncle Billy loses an important bank deposit.  George wishes he was never born and an angel Clarence shows him what life would have been like without him.  The moral of the story is that we touch so many people in so many different ways and every person's life is important.  It's A Wonderful Life has risen above being just a mere movie, it has become a true piece of Americana and a holiday tradition.
0440180295|5.0|Slaughter House Five deserves its reputation of being a piece of great American literature.  The book follows a young man, Billy Pilgrim through his life.  Billy believes aliens, tralfamadorians to be exact, have abducted him.  We assume that it's through these aliens that he learns to time travel, a skill he frequently uses.  In the book Pilgrim bounces around time to all the various portions of his life, many times returning to World War II where he was captured, taken prisoner, and held in slaughterhouse five in Dresden, Germany.  He seems to be defined by this moment in his life as he frequently returns there.  If you know anything about Vonnegut, you know that he too was held in Dresden, Germany when the city was firebombed.  This is the major setup for this antiwar novel as Dresden was home to over 100,000 persons while at the same time Dresden didn't have any industry lending itself to the war effort.  Obviously you wander, &quot;Then why was this city bombed?  What advantage came from killing well over 100,000 thousand civilians?&quot;<br />One of the major themes of the book is fate.  The prayer of serenity appears twice in the book stating that we need to change the things we can and be wise enough to know which things we cannot change.  Also the Tralfamadorians speak of fate.  They say they know how the universe is going to end, but they do nothing to stop it.  Vonnegut seems to say that yes, war is one of those things we cannot avoid, but we need to change the things we can about it, like the atrocious bombing of Dresden.<br />Overall, the book's message is clear, and Vonnegut delivers his message in a very accessible way.  The story of Billy Pilgrim is enjoyable to read, and contains more than dry philosophy that some antiwar novels are filled with.
6305428522|5.0|Quiz Show is about the quiz show scandal of the 1950's that shocked the nation.  Robert Redford expertly guides this film and gets excellent performances from his actors.  Ralph Fiennes is cool and dashing as Charles Van Doren, a Columbia professor who became a national hero due to his success on the popular quiz show Twenty-One.  John Turturro gives a manic and hyper performance as loose cannon Herb Stempel who was the most popular contestant on Twenty-One until Van Doren came along.  He is forced to take a dive in return for future TV work, but the show's producer Dan Enright reneges on his promises, sending Stempel on the trail for vengeance.  Rob Morrow gives a solid performance as a young and aggressive federal investigator Dick Goodwin.  He investigates the shows and along the way become friends with Van Doren.  Paul Scofield gives his usual superb performance as Van Doren's father, the noted poet Mark Van Doren.  David Paymer is perfectly slimy as Twenty-One's producer Dan Enright and Chris McDonald plays Twenty-One's host Jack Barry with the right touch of mock importance.  Mira Sorvino has a small part as Goodwin's wife and Martin Scorcese has a cameo as the head of Geritol who was the show's sponsor.  Mr. Redford expertly weaves the lives of Van Doren, Stempel &amp; Goodwin together and we are taken from the highest of highs to the low of lows.  The movie is meant to show that prior to the scandal, America was a more trusting place, we accepted things at face value, but after the scandal, we started to become skeptical and question everything.  In many ways, Mr. Redford is dead on with that assessment.
B000002JST|4.0|This was a milestone album in AC/DC's career. It set a blueprint for their future style and with it they made their first commercial impact outside their native Australia.  Their previous albums had contained some great blues boogie, but on this album they upped the volume and established a blistering sound based on wall-to-wall guitar riffs<br />While their influence was beginning to spread across Europe, in America they were still almost unknown, and Atlantic had actually declined to release their previous &quot;Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap&quot; album in the States. The following year, when releasing &quot;Let There Be Rock&quot; they omitted &quot;Crabsody in Blue&quot; and replaced it with &quot;Problem Child&quot;, one of the standout tracks from the previous album<br />Of course, &quot;Dirty Deeds...&quot; was eventually given a full U.S. release, with &quot;Problem Child&quot; included, so it's an appalling oversight that &quot;Crabsody...&quot; hasn't been duly restored to the CD version of &quot;Let There Be Rock&quot;.  It's a leering, bluesy classic that provided a refreshing contrast on the original album. It's now only available on the Australian release, which sports a different cover, and despite the extra cost is well worth searching out
0783225733|5.0|After his mega success with Forrest Gump, Tom Hanks scored another winner as Jim Lovell, commander of the ill-fated Apollo 13 launch.  Mr. Hanks shows why he is the Jimmy Stewart of his generation as just like Mr. Stewart, Mr. Hanks has the ability to play the everyman.  No matter what role he undertakes, we find Mr. Hanks believable and we can all relate to him.  He portrays Capt. Lovell with understated grace and charm and we really feel for him when he comes to the realization that he will never get his chance to walk on the moon.  In addition to Mr. Hanks the film boasts excellent performances by Kathleen Quinlan as Lovell's wife, Bill Paxson as Fred Haise and Kevin Bacon as Jack Swigert the other Apollo 13 crew members, Gary Sinise as Ken Mattingly an original crew member left out due to possible illness and Ed Harris as Eugene Krantz the head of the mission in Houston.  Ms. Quinlan adds the right amount of fear and worry to her character without becoming shrill and Mr. Sinise overcomes his initial bitterness to becoming an integral part of the crew's survival.  Above all, Mr. Harris gives the performance of his career.  He is commanding and powerful as he vows that the ship will not be lost on his watch.  Ron Howard had the always difficult task of directing a movie based on real life events. Everyone already knows what happens to the ship, but Mr. Howard expertly guides us through to the end.  He supplies the film with enough tension and suspense to keep you on the edge of your seat.  The filming of the space launch and scenes in space are amazing.  In one of the grossest oversights in Oscar history, Mr. Howard was not nominated for Best Director despite his film being so.  In fact Mr. Howard won the prestigious Director's Guild Award making the Oscar snub even more glaring.
0399146253|2.0|Okay, gather around for the latest convention of all the usual suspects. Kay, Lucy, Marino, Anna the psychiatrist, and Jean-Baptiste Chandonne the Werewolf.  In spirit, Benton Wesley, Carrie Grethen and Diane Bray make appearances.  However, the rich population yields a thin and almost paltry plot.  Kay is in trouble with the law.  She is being framed for the murder of her nemesis the psychologically unstable Diane Bray but it is obvious to all her friends that she is uninvolved and Kay is even able to cozy up to her prosecutor long before they enter the courtroom.  That is to say, I never felt that Kay was in any sort of real trouble.  Furthermore, the real bad guy is obvious due to the fact that everyone feels &quot;sort of funny&quot; about him.  His genetic relationship to another criminal makes the whole thing ludicrous.  Let's think this through.  How could a man even get a job in law enforcement if he could not verify his educational records?  He claims he went to Harvard but there's no record of him.  He claims to be a certain person but that name matches nobody of his age according to Social Security records.  If he's so powerfully mobbed up then why can't he cover his tracks a little better.  Besides, don't these folks know anything about leaving DNA at the scene of the crime.  If you are indeed a werewolf-like individual then you might want to be careful about those pesky shedding hairs.  If you are the brother of such an individual and you are having sex with women and then brutally killing them, you may want to consider the use of a condom.  Maybe it's just me, but I have read much better books and a few of them were written by Patricia Cornwell.  Better luck next time.
B00003CXN4|5.0|First off, this was one of the best movies I have seen in years.  And to few people who were disappointed with the lack of action and how explosion sound weren't at full force, not every movie involves Sylvester Stallone running through the streets of NYC with a bomb strapped to his back while taking out ninjas with a machine gun.  Some movies have a thing called a PLOT.  Some movies are meant for people who think above a 6th grade level.   Don't get me wrong, I pray the running-bomb-ninja idea becomes a movie, but don't get mad because this isn't it.  Oh yeah, great dialogue, acting, camera work, Catherine Zeta-Jones is actually GOOD, blah blah blah, etc.
B00003CXP1|5.0|Adapted from the novel by Hubert Selby Jr. (who co-wrote the screenplay), Darren Aronofsky's &quot;Requiem for a Dream&quot; is a descent into utter despair, a journey through the unfulfilled dreams of four characters whose lives are driven by drugs. It is a haunting, heartbreaking look at the dark side of addictions and is my personal pick for the best film of 2000. The story centers around Harry (Jared Leto), his girlfriend Marion (Jennifer Connelly), his friend Tyrone (Marlon Wayans), and his mother Sara (Ellen Burstyn), all of whose lives are driven by addictions: Harry and Tyrone are junkies, Marion is a coke addict, and Sara, persuaded to loose weight for a possible TV appearance, is hooked on diet pills. The film begins by showing each of these characters' dreams nearing fulfillment. Just when it seems that happiness is attainable, all of the characters' lives spiral out of control until they hit rock bottom. All of the performances are stellar, particularly Wayans and Burstyn. Wayans took me completely by suprise showing that he can actually act and act well. Yet it is Burstyn who stands miles above the rest. Her portrayal of the lonely, pathetic yet well-meaning Sara is incredible. It was Sara whom I felt most sorry for of this entire tragic quartet. Burstyn deserves an award for this role (and that is fact, not opinion). Aronofsky's direction makes this film a visceral, kinetic experience. His use of split-screens, fast cuts, and the infamous snorri-cam give this film an intense, addictive feel. The film's 20-minute-montage-from-hell finale is a blistering, disturbing combination of Aronofsky's quick paced flash coupled with the impeccably agonizing performances by the cast. All of this is punctuated by the Clint Mansell score performed by The Kronos Quartet, music which is fittingly somber and dirge-like. &quot;Requiem for a Dream&quot; is powerful cinema that can truly be called a work of art, a haunting nightmare that can rightfully be called beautiful.
B00004SCX6|4.0|This Is a very delightful cd. The lyrics can really relate to some people either with a broken heart or a all-around person. She may not be the best singer, but she has good lyrics to get over someone and she will make someone feel happy. Some people may not buy this cd because of the way she looks,dresses,sings,etc. But look pass that and at least try to listening to one track,and it will make you sing and dance!
6305165912|5.0|To see Jeff Bridges transform himself from his normal straight-laced, hardworking-type characters to Jeff Lebowski, an overweight, slovenly bowling fanatic, is truly amazing. Where was the man's Oscar nomination?!?<br />The plot may be a bit ludicrous, but pound-for-pound, it is as funny as any Coen brothers film, or as funny as ANY other film, for that matter. The interactions between Bridges and bowling buddies Steve Buscemi (his normal, wormy, squinting self) and John Goodman (a big crazy, militant nut, to say the least) are priceless.<br />The supporting cast is hilarious, also: John Tuturro as Jesus, the pederast Latin bowler (&quot;Dios Mio, man...&quot;), Juliane Moore as a feminist modern painter, and Flea (of the Red Hot Chili Peppers) as a nihlist mobster (&quot;Ya, vhere's da money, Leh-bow-skee?&quot;) are among the many highlights.<br />The movie's quotability factor is through the roof. Go bowling after this movie, and you'll find yourself reciting 10-minute scenes. I would've admittedly given this movie three stars after I saw it for the very first time, but each viewing since, it has just gotten better and better. And a quick fact for you LEBOWSKI afficianados: The older Lebowski was one of the townspeople in BLAZING SADDLES. Watch it, watch it twice, you won't be disappointed.
B000006045|3.0|I wonder where all of these five star reviews are coming from.  I guess I didn't dig on the vibe that was put out on this album. Mezzanine sounds line an updated Joy Division album that's trying too hard. A couple of the songs are downright funny, sometimes I felt like I was listening to two creepy old men trying to bust the most ridiculous freestyle. An average joint at best.  If you want some hype downtempo give NOW's Carboot Soul or the Eighteenth Street Lounge soundtrack a try. one
B000005J56|5.0|With only limited Spanish-speaking skills, I cannot begin to fully understand what Ibrahim Ferrer and Co. are singing about. It really doesn't matter, though -- the music's beauty shines brightly through the darkness of my ignorance.<br />The Cuban folk music is truly a beautiful blend of plucked guitars, a light sprinkling of brass, and some soft piano and clean drumming for accompanyment. Although you may not speak Spanish, it is a beautiful language nonetheless -- another sweet instrument, if you will, that lilts and floats over the rest of the music.<br />This album really brings back great memories of traveling in Mexico: the images of the desert; the poor, dusty villages; the enchantment of the Sierra Madres; the amiable, heartwarming nature of the natives -- it's all here. Every listen is a trip to a place far away but not forgotten. If you have ever taken a trip to not just Cuba, but any Latin American country, I think this music should be a part of you.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|After hearing Tidal I became obsesed with Fiona Apple. I hoped this one would be as good but I wasn't sure if she could make another album that good. She definetly did! This ones a lot faster than her first one. The music often contradicts the lyrics which I think makes great music. Fiona's pianos great and so are her vocals. Theres no doubt that shes one of the best lyricsests(however you spell it) out their. Matt Chamberlins is one of the best drumer in this style of music and Mike Elizando is an exelent bassest(who also plays bass on Dr.Dre, Eminem and Snoop Doggs new albums as well as producing acouple of songs on Snoops). Jon Brion is a verry good producer that realy did his best on this album.  The album starts with &quot;On the Bound&quot; a powerful piece with good piano and the guiatar gos in and out just at the right time to make the song just right. &quot;To Your Love&quot; is proably one of the worst songs on the album but still far above the average song. &quot;Limp&quot; is the most angry song on the album and you can realy rage out on this track. The piano is haunting and the horns realy put this song together. &quot;Love Ridden&quot; is one of the olny slow songs and is so beutiful and has realy poetic lyrics. &quot;Paper Bag&quot; is such a good song. The name is such a great metaphore.This song has a verry swanky sound. &quot;A Mistake&quot; is one of the best songs on the album. This is more alternative sounding I geuss you would say with good intermentals and vocaly is verry well done. &quot;Fast as You Can&quot; is a song that I think is about her drug use but it could also be about a relationship or both. The song has real good piano. I love the start and end of &quot;The Way Things Are&quot;. &quot;Get Gone&quot; is another one of the best songs. Shes kinnda pissed on this on this one. The lyrics are good and the music is too. &quot;I Know&quot; is a great finnisher. Its a slow song with some of the best lyrics on the album. The piano and jazzy drums are great. The way the song ends realy completes me.  This is a great album. Your realy missing out if you don't get it. The olny thing I can say against her is that its that almost all of her songs are about relaitionships and her ex boyfriends. Its kinnda repetitive but if thats what she feels than thats what she should she do. I realy don't have the right to complain about what she writes about as long as its heartfelt. Besides she has to stay true to her feelings.Anyways I think you'll love this album. Theres verry few albums out there that comepare to this one and verry few songwriters this good.
B00003CX6P|5.0|The best part of this film to me is the fact that Damon's character in the end is still one up on all his contemporaries.  Even though he is obviously a tortured soul he hasn't been bested.  Now tell me when was the last time the bad guy wasn't either killed, captured, or ruined.  That was a joy in and of itself for me.  Not to mention that this is certainly a part of the reality of the world in which we live.<br />I also felt like you really got the sense of privilege that all these people had and how undeserving of their blessings they were (predominately).  I may have been the only person who was actually rooting for The Talented Mr. Ripley.  Also I was very surprised that Damon's character ultimately ...<br />I just loved his characters resourcefulness.  Particularly the scene where they were all at the conert hall.  I couldn't stop grinning.  An intelligent piece of filmaking.  Bravo!
B00000J6AG|5.0|Yes...I said it.  This is better than any other Moby CD I have ever purchased.  Not techno...not dance...not anything you have ever heard before.  He mixes up blues, jazz, rap and all kinds of funky music with his Moby beats.  EVERY SONG is GREAT!!!  No joke.  Mellow...fast...a well versed album.  It will keep you dancing in your seat and wishing that there were an extra 15 tracks.  A MUST BUY!
B000002WPI|5.0|This is REALLY good. Ok I can say more... <br />Seriously though this the one that got Wu recognized and on the map. However there was always controversy with emcees like them and NWA n stuff. But still as a hiphop fan this album could be considered a classic. The clan here is full of energy and charisma, something that would be toned down a bit in their latter works, but that's not saying much! This album is crazy, hardcore and fun to listen too. Just listening to them here is where they pull all the stops and make a tight album, considered by most to be their best, and iI think I will agree. This is isn't only good for a Wu album but it's great for a hip-hop album. <br />This is a classic for different reasons: 1) this is packed with charasmatic rappers, 2) the beats by RZA range from good to hypnotic(which is great) 3) their whole backdrop theme thingy with old school kung fu movies and the way of The Shaolin will be borrowed and ripped off many times to come (except with Rahzel, u know what im talkin about ;) <br />This record would really pave the way for many up and comming artists, but no one has actually GONE there, if you what I mean.
B000056VIY|5.0|Jennifer Lopez had never been a personal favorite of mine when it came to her musical ability.  I was familar with her previous hits such as &quot;Waiting For Tonight&quot; and &quot;If You Had My Love&quot;.  The songs were good, but I never had any desire to purchase the cd &quot;On The 6&quot;.  Well, I certainly have done a 360.  Ever since the release of &quot;Love Don't Cost A Thing&quot;, I can't stop getting enough of Jennifer.  I will have to say that I am thoroughly impressed with &quot;J.Lo&quot;.  Majority of the songs make you want to get up and dance.  If you are into ballads, this cd is probably not for you.  I am also amazed that she wrote 7 out of the 15 songs on here.  That always wins bonus points in my book.  My favorite song so far is &quot;Play&quot;.  I would recommend this cd to anyone.
B0000029GA|5.0|There's no need for the skip button when you're listening to &quot;illmatic&quot;. This is surely, and positively one of hiphop's elite albums, and you don't know what you're missing out on until you pick this up. It's really amazing how Nas released this when he was at the young ripe age of 20. He comes off a little flamboyant, but at the same time, intelligent. There's a lot of talk about this album, and after 7 years people seem to never stop talking about it, but once you've given &quot;Illmatic&quot; a listen yourself, you'll understand why.
B000002W5J|5.0|This is a great album, and another of my personal top ten favorites. That I would rate this somewhat forgotten album over acknowledged greats like Led Zeppelin IV or Abbey Road (just to name a couple) will probably surprise many people. Give it a listen and you might understand. I remember when this album came out in the spring of 1967. Now, &quot;Somebody To Love&quot; and &quot;White Rabbit&quot; are the most remembered songs from the album, but &quot;My Best Friend&quot; was the first song from it to be released as a single and it spent considerable time on the charts. &quot;Today&quot; also spent time on the charts and all the songs got some airplay. The entire album was enormously popular.<br />&quot;Surrealistic Pillow&quot; brought the Airplane fame, but when it was made they were still relatively unknown and Grace Slick was the new kid. Here, everybody worked together, there were no superstar egos and conflicts as in later efforts. This is their most cohesive work, and, though later albums may have displayed greater instrumental virtuosity or more polished vocal harmonies, there is plenty of each here. And, most of all, the songs are all good. Those already mentioned are outstanding and are justifiably well-known, but the others also stand up well. &quot;She Has Funny Cars&quot; was a personal favorite from the first time I heard it. &quot;Embryonic Journey&quot; is a fine instrumental featuring Kaukonen on the acoustic guitar. &quot;Plastic Fantastic Lover&quot; is a driving electronic statement about man and technology that holds up remarkably well today. &quot;How Do You Feel&quot; is a sultry personal favorite whose acoustic guitar and vocal harmonies always conjure up visions of hot, peaceful summer afternoons in my mind.<br />&quot;Surrealistic Pillow&quot; is one of the first albums I ever purchased and it is still one of my favorites. All the labels like &quot;acid rock&quot; and &quot;psychedelic rock&quot; aside, this album is just full of good solid rock music. Give it a listen with and I think you'll see why I like it so much. It is one of the essential albums of rock history. Any classic rock collection is incomplete without it.lid rock music. Give it a listen with and I think you'll see why I like it so much. It is one of the essential albums of rock history. Any classic rock collection is incomplete without it.
0618001905|4.0|Having recently read King Leopold's Ghost, I would first like to point out that this book will never permit you to look at the world in the same manner again.  As a student studying international affairs, I have been allowed to cut past all of the rhetoric (thank tothis book) so often found in these dry articles and books that I study, to see the extent to which greed and evil has driven the shaping of this world.<br />Hoschschild outlines the steps by which the insecure, greedy Leopold carved for himself a piece of Africa so that he could rank with the other colonial powers of his day.  The killing of over 5 million Africans, many just for sport, meant little in the race for profit, dominance, and adventure for the (depuis toujours)savage Europeans.  This book is an important expose into the complex manners in which greedy men have ravaged other peoples for the sake of their own well-being.  Reading this book helps to explain the recent happenings in the DROC, or Zaire-Rwanda region.<br />As for the Frenchman whose review is listed as well, your comments are yet another sad manifestation of the work done by DeGaulle and others that have told French people that you are the center of the earth.  The most provincial minded, hypocritical, insecure people of all the 'world powers', the tainted interpretations of history that the majority of people here walk around repeating show that you all are just as duped as the Belgians were about what their nation has done to African peoples.  <br />As bad as Belgian atrocities were in the Congo, have you not heard of the countless skinnings, maimings, murders, and rapings of the slaves in all of France's Carribbean (Antilles) holdings in the 19th century, namely Haiti?  Do you think that events such as these are fiction, too?  we must have read different books, because I found Leopold's Ghost tediously documented.  I suggest you learn how to do research and maybe you will realize that the sources cited by Hoschschild are far moreoriginal, trustworthy, and painstaking researched than the tainted, revisionist material I have read by several 'well-respected' Sorbonne historians!!<br />You point out British barbarism?  What of the recent arrest of Mitterand's son for covert arms sales to African war mongrels?  And of the last administration's Minister for African Affairs boasting of his personally handpicking African leaders?  I believe you can read about both of these events in Le Monde, I think their writeres have well-documented sources!  Have you not read of the several French wars for supremacy in Africa (namely a dominant vantage point in the slave trade) in such books as The Race to Fashoda, or do you not know of the millions of murders the French army committed as Algeria was kicking you all out?  Did you not know that LePen was a main proponent of France's dominion over Algeria, as France sought to maintain a stranglehold on its dwindling empire in the 1960's, a move made successful by the economy-crushing CFA zone?!  Events such as these are built on a foundation of slavery, exploitation, and theft in nations such as the Congo, Central African Republic and Senegal, to name a few, as you know full well.  <br />I find the typical French stupidity and (unfounded) arrogance you display toward the author and Americans very annoying, as your nation, and your 3rd rate countrymen, can hardly stand to criticize others for fantasy.  You accuse Americans of encouraging fiction to be written for sensational purposes, I think the American society is far ahead of French people in terms of telling the truth about certain atroicites committed in the past, even if this book was about Belgium.  I think you really need to re-read your review and realize how silly you sound, and as the man from Putney said, there will surely be books to come about a few of the not so nice things France has done in her jockeying for position on the world stage.
6303986854|5.0|This item is a collection of seven of the 30-odd minute documentaries NASA made about the Apollo missions. The seven videos you get are:  1. Apollo 10 &quot;Green Light for a Lunar Landing&quot;  2. Apollo 11 &quot;Eagle has Landed&quot;  3. Apollo 13 &quot;Houston We Have A Problem&quot;  4. Apollo 14 &quot;Mission To Fra Mauro&quot;  5. Apollo 15 &quot;In The Mountains of the Moon&quot;  6. Apollo 16 &quot;Nothing So Hidden&quot;  7. Apollo 17 &quot;On the Shoulders of Giants&quot;.<br />It is boxed attractively and travelled well to me in Australia.  All seven videos arriving (thanks to... good packaging) completely unharmed.<br />In some ways these documentaries look a little dated now, but if you want an introduction to the achievements of these specific Apollo missions, in 30 minute &quot;video chunks&quot;, you can't go past them. All feature some footage from space or the surface of the moon, mission control in action, and the achievements of the mission. It is a pity that all the Apollo missions couldn't be included, (note that Apollo 7, 8, 9 and 12 are not in the set). However, the documentaries for these missions should be available singly. (Though I don't know if NASA made a documentary for Apollo 7, which funnily enough featured TV transmissions from space at the time.)<br />I actually already had all the videos covered by the set except for Apollo 14 and 16, and I think it was worth the price for the coverage of Apollo 16 alone.<br />If this got you interested in learning more about the missions, I'd suggest you get a copy of the book &quot;A Man On The Moon&quot; by Andrew Chaikin. This not only tells the story of the individual missions in more detail, it also relates the missions to the space program as a whole.
B00003CXE7|5.0|This was one great flick I was chomping at the bit to see--ever since I saw a preview. And boy, does it deliver. The story is great--moving, fulfilling and action-packed--and the cinematography deserves an Oscar. I thought it the best film since &quot;Braveheart.&quot; It's got something for everyone: fight scenes, intrigue, history and a bit of romance. Russell Crowe is a very watchable hero; Joaquim Phoenix is an enemy you love to hate. There is violence, but it's necessary to the story and hey, that was life.
B0000004V2|5.0|YES! YES! THIS ALBUM RULES!!!!! Every song is classic. Excellent songcraft in the beginning, middle, AND end! And friggin' HAPPY for once!! In today's depressed music world of &quot;I'm not here, this isn't happening&quot; and &quot;If I say 'F---', two more times that's twenty six 'F---s' in this f---ed up rhyme&quot;, you owe it to yourself to go out and buy something freakin' OPTIMISTIC and FEEL GOODY for once! The album REALLY improves your mood and makes you feel good! It adds happiness to an otherwise depressing day! The opener, &quot;I Wanna Be Adored&quot; starts out really creepy and then Mani plays one of the catchiest basslines ever, a few more bars of that, then a huge snare drum hit, and they're off! &quot;I don't haaaaaaaaaaaveeeeeee ta sellllll myyyyy soulllllllllllllllllllllllll. He's alreadyyyyyyyyyy innnn meeeeeeeeeeeee.&quot; WHERE did the belief that Ian &quot;King Monkey&quot; Brown couldn't carry a tune in a bucket come from? He sounds FANTASTIC on this album! He's got such a low cool voice that doesn't really make him seem as arrogant as he's supposed to be!!! Then there's &quot;She Bangs The Drums&quot; with another catchy bassline, this one a much faster, more &quot;poppy&quot; one. Also one awesome John Squire guitar solo at the end. Probably the most anthemic song they ever did. Sure, call it &quot;stupid&quot;, call it &quot;derivative&quot;, call it whatever you want. I guarantee you'll be singing along merrily &quot;How could it ever come to pass? She'll be the first she'll be the last.&quot; over and over after you've heard it a couple times for it to sink in your head. Okay after that, you've got &quot;Elephant Stone&quot; and &quot;Waterfall&quot;, two more poppy songs, one real crashy and bangy, the other wah wahy and dreamy. Rules, as always. I used to really detest the next song &quot;Don't Stop&quot;, which is just mostly &quot;Waterfall&quot; played backwards with new lyrics, but now I think the reason they did that was becauseit sounded just as good backwards as it did forwards, so they turned it into a new song. Uhhh.... okay! The next one, &quot;Bye Bye Badman&quot; takes the musical feel-good spirit even further, with a great John Squire shuffle guitar solo. Yet another great song. An album with this many great songs makes you really mad that the Roses never conquered America. ...They invented Britpop! Anyway, after &quot;Elizabeth My Dear&quot;, you get &quot;(Song For My) Sugar Spun Sister&quot;, which just might even more of an anthem than &quot;She Bangs The Drums&quot;. Dig that &quot;Yeah yeah yeah the candy [something] girrrrllllll, The sticky-fingered boy!!!!! Oh the sister of miiinnneeee Oh yeah yeah yeah!!&quot; chorus at the end. Then there's &quot;Made Of Stone. Boy, you'd never expect a song with as ridiculously dumb a chorus as &quot;Sometimes I fantasize&quot; would be so dang CATCHY and SINGALONGABLE, but it is! &quot;Shoot You Down&quot;'s got soft Reni drums and Hawaiian guitar. And there's &quot;This Is The One&quot;, which is all Ian sings for the last minute and a half or so: &quot;OOOOOH THIS IS THE OONNNNNNNNNEEEEEE SHE'S WAITING FORRRRRRRR&quot;. This review is really boring isn't it? Then the album closes with not one, but TWO of the absolute GREATEST dance songs I've EVER heard in my life (except &quot;One Nation Under A Groove&quot; of course, but never mind that for now). In fact, did I mention how awesome the bass is in this album. If you play bass you NEED this album. Hell, even if you DON'T play bass you need this album. But bassists should really love it. If Mani doesn't qualify for rock's greatest bassist ever, I don't know who does. Okay, so &quot;Resurrection&quot; starts off like that with the snare hits and the &quot;Behind The Counter&quot; bassline, but then about three minutes into it it slows down and Mani plays this &quot;Doodoo doo doo duh doo da doo doooooooooo&quot; riff and Reni plays a couple of hi hat fills then kicks in this awesome dance beat and awww man it's so rockin' you gotta hear it. The they're off!! It turns into NOTHING but a phat jam. I mean, NOBODY plays jams like this anymore. WHY NOT???? Then there's ANOTHER awesome dance song after this one and it's like ten minutes long, called &quot;Fools Gold&quot;, with an even catchier bassline, groovier drums, and one hell of a trippyesque wah wah solo at the end. Okay so I've just described all the songs on the album. BUY IT NOW!!! It's rockin' dancy, happy, and oh so friggin' CATCHY!! And you know what? It was only their debut.
6305358567|5.0|In response to the many comments made by previous reviewers with regard to historical inaccuracy, so what?  It's a film meant for entertainment, not a source for writing a paper.  Moreover, if directors stuck to portraying history then there certainly would not have been the film &quot;Shakespeare in Love.&quot;  This film deserves five stars because it is without a doubt, at least on my part, a high calibre piece of work.  My eyes were riveted by the wonderful cinematography, the beautiful costumes and of course, the superb acting.  In addition to Geoffrey Rush, Cate Blanchette gives a soul stirring performance as Elizabeth.  I am never disappointed by her!
B0000024K1|1.0|Boy am I gonna get some hate mail for this. I must say that these songs ARE good and fully developed (whatever that means) and all... it's just that Mssrs D, Flav, X, Griff, and the others have decided to attach this MONSTROUSLY annoying BLEEEEEEEEEEPPPP noise one beats three and four of EVERY SINGLE LINE THEY SING!! And it RUINS the ENTIRE album for me.<br />Oh yeah. And the Farrakhan lyrics. What's up with THAT?
0767827902|5.0|Easily one of the best films of the 1970s.  Shot in beautiful black and white, the film conveys the emptiness of the small Texas town.  The DVD feature is interesting with its added commentary.  The story shows the struggles of real people and the troubles they endure.  People who sing the praises of &quot;Magnolia&quot; would do well to partake in a viewing of The Last Picture Show.  The drama and humor unfolds beautifully, and the characters seem much more rounded than PT Anderson's ensemble piece.  Many may not draw the correlation between the two films, but one can easily do so:  Both are about human drama, but the human drama is so real in The Last Picture Show, that we see ourselves in each of the characters.  Also, when people tout such new &quot;films,&quot; I think back to the 70's and see how none of them compare to this flawless diamond.  It manages to squeak by the Lonesome Dove series as the best adaptation of Larry McMurtry's work.
6304493681|3.0|Okay. I have to say I was absolutely shocked at the excellent quality and detail of the backgrounds. However, I had read the manga before I saw the DVD, and the DVD left out a lot of detail and background information. Granted, the manga was more than 200 pages and if it were made into a coherent movie it would have taken at least 5 hours of running time and a lot of effort, but I have to say the manga was better. The anime did not go into half the detail concerning the characters' backgrounds or even who they were. I had to watch the dub with subtitles on to catch the characters names. However, it was great to see it in color, because the manga only had 3 colored pages at each chapter. Yet the ending was anti-climatic since the original ending (it was quite different) built up a lot more suspense.        Still, it was pretty good considering the subtitles were different from the dub, meaning they didn't just take the dubbed translation and tack it on as the subtitles. So all in all, the DVD was pretty good, but if you have the time and the patience, get the manga because it is substatially better.
B00003CWL6|3.0|American Beauty is not a &quot;coming of age&quot; story, but an offshoot of that -- &quot;a coming of death&quot; story.  Kevin Spacey is extremely solid in this often humorous look at life beneath the surface.  Annette Bening's performance is a little over the top, but most of the time she is enjoyable.  Wes Bentley establishes himself as a fine young actor, and Conrad Hall masterfully films each scene to portray a certain richness.  The script is neither new or exceptional.  It did win the Oscar, and I am still surprised of that.  At times it seems to ramble, but Lester's redemption toward the end of the movie is sidesplittingly funny...
B00003CWN3|5.0|This movie deals with the ignorance of white trash. Hilary Swank did a superb job in this movie and Kimberly Pierce must have had some huge balls to direct such a controversial film. Chloe Sevigny's acting was beyond your average Joe. I was in tears by the time the movie ended. It deals with the cruelty of human actuality. All of the media scrunity the movie recieved was positive and it deserved every award that was given to it.
B00004XONN|5.0|Do you wanna know what I feel when I heard Kid A for the first time ? Fear, doubt and a bad feeling of fail...But, I don't know how, I loved it...Yes, I loved the feelings, and of course the cd. Kid A begins with enigmatical sounds and Tom Yorke singing that &quot;everything was in its right place&quot;. Hes a sadic, I thought. Then, after the first track I was captured by a voice that was saying something unintelligible. Kid A, the song, is the most bizarre thing Ive ever heard...The cd goes on : The National Anthem is brilliant, with its jazzy soul; How to desappear completely is not recommended if youre thinking of suicide...Then, after some minutes of pure tension, begins the fantastic Idioteque. It is the best song for a century end : depressive, claustrofobic, tense, pessimist...the synthesis of Kid A. Electric sounds support Tom's voice while he relates a navy accident. Completely crazy !!! The cd ends with loops in Morning bell and the sweet melody of Motion Picture Soundtrack. After listening the album, you may wanna die, or you may be catatonic for some days...It's normal... We, from planet Earth,are not prepared for Tom's trips around the universe. Kid A is magic, surrealistic and incomprehensinve for our poor minds. Radiohead and its new cd doesn't have public yet. Maybe in 2030, we'll understand Kid A.
0380796090|5.0|Loved it!  Now I want to see a BBC/A&amp;E telemovie version.<br />Although &quot;Lucy Sullivan is Getting Married&quot; was great, I was unsure about reading &quot;Watermelon&quot;. A novel in which the herione gives birth and gets dumped by her husband on the first page seemed a little intimidating.  It sat on my bookshelf for a few weeks despite my faith in Keyes' storytelling skills.<br />I wondered if it would be: 1)an &quot;against all odds&quot;, &quot;surmounting obstacles&quot;, &quot;girlpower&quot; book; 2)a male-bashing &quot;can't live with them/can't live without them&quot; book; and/or 3)a novel which reinforces the strategic/disaster recovery recommendations found in self-help books? Well, its all of these things; however, the &quot;good for you&quot; messages are delivered subtly and with humor.<br />This book is a great escape for the overwelmed. It's uplifting and fun.<br />PS-Read &quot;Watermelon&quot; before &quot;Rachel's Holiday&quot; to get a better sense of Clair and Rachel's family.
B00005214X|5.0|I know, I know.  George was always the Beatle looming in the background.  Relegated to writing only two songs per album.  However, he made up quickly for lost time with the release of this three record LP.  For once, I think Phil Spector's production hit the nail on the head (his work on &quot;Let It Be&quot; and &quot;Plastic Ono Band&quot; left a bad taste in my mouth).  Songs like &quot;Ballad of Sir Frankie Crisp&quot;, &quot;Awaiting on You All&quot;, &quot;If Not For You&quot;, and &quot;Apple Scruffs&quot;, I could listen to for hours and hours.  This is, by far, the greatest Beatles solo album (following by &quot;McCartney&quot; and &quot;Imagine&quot;).  If you are a Beatles fan, and want to check out an indicator of the music on this album; just check out George's tracks on &quot;The White Album&quot; and &quot;Abbey Road&quot;.
0679879269|5.0|I am 14 years old, and this book is simply one of the most amazing works of literature that I have ever read. And yes, the ending saddened me, but that did not make the book bad! It was incredibly sad though. I cried for a long time, at the fact that it was over, and at the fact of the injustice that will and lyra had to face. I mourned these characters, and I did not even do that for lord of the rings! The book felt so real, it was as if it could really have happened! its as if a person could really stumble into another world! I wish I could. <br />Even a day after finishing the book, I still could not stop thinking about it. I loved this book, and if you like fantasy, read this book, but be prepared to cry.
0553573403|5.0|It's been a long time since I've missed a subway stop because I'm engrossed in a book. It happened to me, not once or twice, but many times during the week and a half it took me to read this book.<br />Full of &quot;real&quot; feeling characters this book can be daunting, but believe me, if you are a fantasy fan, or even an epic historical fiction fan, this book is well worth it.  I don't know the War of the Roses, I don't care about the War of the Roses.... all I know is that each of the many characters that are introduced in this first volume are fascinating and very individual.<br />This book is very violent, and gives a feel of medieval times - set in a world whose history is recorded in thousands of years.  There is magic and magical creatures throughout the story, but the story is about the people involved in the various situations - not the magic or the creatures.<br />Each chapter of this book is told by a set of major characters - some of the narrations are connected, others are not, and yet, the book is never difficult to understand, I never lost the plot lines (and there are many) and after each individual narration, I found myself in a different place with a different person - wanting more from the previous character and yet dying to find out what was going on with the current character.<br />I highly recommend this book - even for those of you who feel that the fantasy genre is way overdone!  Mr. Martin has created a true horse of a different color with this epic.
B000050IMJ|3.0|This movie got awful reviews when it was in the theater, so I didn't see it then. But I happened to see it on video to find it is a pretty good action flick. Like all Bruckheimer produced movies, it's basically mindless cotton candy. But cotton candy isn't so bad every once in a while.
0871137380|5.0|This is an incredible story and I can't add much to the reviews preceding. I've never been in combat, and this book confirms that I don't want to be. As others have noted, this is not the 3,000 meter tank shot, but being lost in a city of converging hostile people who seem willing to die by the hundreds for the small chance of killing a US soldier.    <br />Two aspects of the story stuck with me. First, how the peacekeeping force slowly became a 'law enforcement' force. This shift seemed to result in the loss of what little support the US forces had to begin with, and lead directly to the later disaster. (If the description is accurate, the US TOW missle surprise attack which killed scores of the Somali Clan leadership in an ambush was cold-blooded murder by any measure.) Reap as ye sow?<br />Also, the general level of firepower and the seeming indescriminate use of it is gut-wrenching. I've never read so many accounts of women and chilren being killed by our forces. Yes, I know, no once could tell who was friend and who was foe. Just the same, I don't believe the average American would classify this as the the ideal image we have of the US soldier.<br />These points just make the book that much more interesting and valuable. Bowden himself deserves and A+ for his work. Truly a classic.
B000050XEI|5.0|As a person from arabia a day without rain is not a very special experience, as almost every day of the year without rain, but &quot;a day without rain&quot; from Eyna is defenitly a great experiance.
B00004XQ83|5.0|Back in the early 1960's when Flatt and Scruggs played the theme to TV's hot new sitcom &quot;The Beverly Hillbillies&quot; this city kid from the 'hollers' of Manhattan was first exposed to the sound of the five string banjo and commerical Bluegrass music. From that start I rapidly discovered Old Timey music as performed by traditional re-creationists like The New Lost City Ramblers and The Greenbriar Boys. After that I got much deeper into it all with The Watson Family, The Stanley Brothers, Bill Monroe and the Bluegrass Boys, The Blue Sky Boys, The Lilly Brothers, The Country Gentlemen, Roscoe Holcomb, The Carter Family, and many others. Old Timey Music is the musical genre that describes a style once played in the small towns of America almost exclusively for self and family entertainment. Some of it got recorded. Old Timey Music the antithesis of the commercially produced so-called country sound that came out of Nashville and other places. It is religious music. It is story telling music. It is spellbinding music. &quot;Old Timey&quot; is the music of part of America's soul. Now the Coen brothers have lovingly made it a part of their Hollywood film, &quot;Oh Brother Where Art Thou.&quot;   Some of the cuts on this album cast ethereal spells on the listener. Ralph Stanley singing &quot;Oh Death,&quot; Alison Krauss singing &quot;Down In The River To Pray&quot; and the artists on &quot;I'll Fly Away&quot; have all left me speechless. If you want to own something that will make you pause and leave you wanting more, make this a definite addition to your CD collection.
B00004Y6O9|4.0|I can only imagine being back in 1978 and the feeling of complete astonishment after placing the needle down for the first time on \\"Runnin' With The Devil.\\"  Nowadays, it's easy to lose sight of Van Halen's originality due to the mass influx of 80's hair bands who copied their signature sound.  With this record, it seems Van Halen's intention was to take everything associated with the seventies and smash it to pieces.  Eddie Van Halen's guitar playing is deafening.  David Lee Roth's vocals are often over-the-top, and seem to sway between melodious and sounding like some sort of strange bird-call.  Anyone who can appreciate good, loud rock and/or metal should pick up this album - I promise you won't be disappointed.
B00003CXA6|5.0|i had the good fortune of seeing this movie during its limited theatrical release in 1993. i left the theatre with puffy eyes and muscles sore from four hours of tension.  this movie will make you want to buy a bigger tv.  outstanding.
B000002AGN|5.0|If ever there was a Jazz album for the non-Jazz fan, this is most definitely it.  From the upbeat opening track &quot;Blue Rondo A La Turk&quot; to the easy-going closer &quot;Pick Up Sticks&quot;, the Dave Brubeck Quartet incorporates a worldwide variety of tempos underneath a vast array of melodies.  Dave Brubeck's piano playing alongside Paul Desmond's alto saxophone solo's make for an album in which you will never find yourself reaching for the fast-forward button.  A &quot;must have&quot; for any music afficianado's catalog.
B000003S0R|5.0|Your strategy rocks!<br />Those rhythms and ambient<br />sounds . . . copied by all.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I discovered DIDO when she performed with EMINEM on Saturday Night Live. I was in the other room when he came on, but when I heard her voice I thought I was hearing an angel and ran in to see her. She has the most serene voice I've ever heard. It is absolutely beautiful.<br />I went out the next day to buy the CD and I don't think a day has gone by where I don't listen to at least one song. My favorite is &quot;Don't Slide.&quot; I played that for a friend who was going through a difficult time and tears started streaming down her face...
0553284347|5.0|Reading Toxic Parents was the beginning of along journey. I was absolutely shocked at the things my parents did to me that caused me so much pain. Confronting them worked for me,but it made them even more angry and hateful. I've been in therapy for over two years, trying to resolve a lot of these issues which I still can't talk about. Please e-mail me at dll1983@yahoo.com. Just to talk. I'd love to hear from you.
B00004Z459|4.0|Do you remember what happened to bands like Poison when Nirvana hit the mainstream? If not, let me remind you....<br />Nirvana killed the popularity of shallow, big hair rock with an arsenal of human lyrics, dark sounds, and a twist of reality.<br />In a few short years from now, someone may ask you...<br />Do you remember what happened to bands like Limp Bizkit when Linkin Park hit the mainstream? If not, let me remind you....<br />Linkin Park killed the popularity of shallow, big mouthed Rock/Rap bands with an arsenal of human lyrics, techno/metal beats, and a huge dose of reality.<br />&quot;Hybrid Theory&quot; is a great album. Sometimes, I wonder though - is it *TOO* good? This album has more hooks than a tackle shop. I typically would grow tiresome of an album this &quot;pop perfect&quot; but it isn't happening as of yet. Maybe, just maybe, Linkin Park has broken the rules.....
0875847706|5.0|I bought this book on someone's recommendation, but it just sat on my shelf for a few months until Tom Peters mentioned the Zanders in one of his newsletters.  I read his interview with them on his web site, went home, and read their book through in one sitting.  It starts off unpromisingly:  the first couple of chapters are brief and, I felt, rather platitudinous.  But then the authors started illustrating their points with anecdotes, and it all became clear to me.  Recognizing your assumptions and how they limit you, and being willing to expand your thinking beyond them to new possibilities, makes a major difference in how you deal with the challenges in your life.  I also liked their positive approach -- too many of us get entrapped in  &quot;something's broken about me and I need to fix it.&quot;  The Zanders are certainly not the first to articulate this point of view, but I felt that their illustrative examples made it much easier to understand.  But you do have to THINK about what their stories imply;  they don't give you &quot;step 1, step 2&quot; instructions on how to apply this philosophy to your own life.  The book has already given me a different perspective on several aspects of my behavior that had been troubling me, and on that basis alone I'd recommend it to anyone.
0345410025|5.0|I have been using this book for three days and is amazing. I can recall information that took me days to learn in just a couple of minutes, using the techniques in this book. For those people with &quot;bad memory&quot; this is the best investment anybody can make to their professional life.
B000002UB6|5.0|...This Spectorized version is still better than I thought it would be.  These tracks aren't on the usual Lennon-McCartney level but they are still very good.  Spector's production is a bit over-blown,especially on Long and Winding Road, but they don't sound as bad as I expected them to be.  If the orchestras would have been removed completely from Road, orchestra sounds decreased in volume on the other tracks, and all womens choruses had been removed it would actually sound pretty classy (this album proves what good hands they were in with George Martin).<br />As for the songs themselves Two of Us is a nice acoustic song; Dig a Pony is highly under-rated Lennon; Universe is good but the Anthology version sounds alot better; the orchestra overdubs actually sound good on I Me Mine; Dig It is okay (the 8 min. bootleg is better); Let it Be is a classic but the single version sounds a little better (the brass overdubs aren't as prominent on that one); Maggie is average; I've Got a Feeling is an excellent rocker; 909 is an interesting example of John and Paul's early writing; Road is an abomination here; For You Blue is average George and has a B-Side feel (I think it was the B-Side to the Let It Be single); and Get Back is a classic rocker.<br />You'll definately want this if your a Beatle fan, but this is not a good starting point for others.
0553106635|5.0|Having waited with bated breath for the release of this book, I will join my voice to the growing legions of fans that feel this book (and series) is one of, if not the best ever written in the genre. The detractors of &quot;A Song of Fire &amp; Ice&quot; constantly accuse Martin of basing this series on the War of the Roses, please, get off it. Just because all you know of old war history is the War of the Roses, don't try and shoehorn the most exciting and original series in decades into it. This book excels on so many levels that 1000 words won't be enough to do it justice. &quot;The King in the North&quot;, &quot;Kingslayer&quot;, &quot;The Sword of the Morning&quot;,&quot;The Young Wolf&quot;, &quot;The King Beyond the Wall&quot;...Just the mention of those sends shivers thru you. I have become so involved with these characters,it's like I really know them. Where is the world is Arry going to end up? Can Jon handle the Night Watch?, how long will Daenrys wait before she continues her march to Westerios? will Tyrion get away with it?, and where in seven halls of Hades is Rickon ? Hurry up George!, &quot;A Lannister always pay his debts&quot; Just keep up the great work cause, &quot;Winter is coming&quot;. P.S. I don't know why so many readers compare this series to Tolkien, they really don't have any thing in common. Martins world seems to be a lot closer to Robert E. Howard than anything in the LOR's. And remember, Howard was writing great Sword &amp; Sorcery 20 years before Tolkien picked up a pen.
B000003N7G|5.0|Much like the title of this review is the way I feel about John Coltrane's 1965 masterwork. For a man who made so much brilliant music in his brief life, &quot;A Love Supreme&quot; is one of those rare moments when music becomes a purely spiritual experience. Though I'm fond of the entire album, my personal favorite is &quot;Pursuance&quot;(part 3)/&quot;Psalm&quot;(part 4), the long suite that took up one entire side of the original album. Years after hearing for the first time this music is still incredibly beautiful, complex, challenging, yet accessible all at the same time. Not many musicians can accomplish all of that in stroke, but 'Trane did. A cornerstone to anyone's jazz collection.
6302906636|3.0|An immortal worrior from Medieval Scotland must confront a Black Knight in modern america to fight for the prize of being &quot;the last&quot; of their race. Although nothing incredibly special, it still offers a reasonable amount of entertaining action to keep the average viewer happy. But it could have been so much more if it wasn't for Russell Mulcahy's disgusting directing skills. His music video style is very showy through out the whole movie which makes it all the more childish. At least<br />Sean Connery is there for a majority of the movie to keep the story in place for a while. Definatelly Christopher Lambert's best performance ever.
B000002ZR7|5.0|The most amazing rendition of the most amazing piece of music.
B000002I27|5.0|On their second album, &quot;Strange Days&quot;, The Doors adopt a paradoxical stance: on the one hand, they pronounce an almost ecclesiastical, supremely unfavorable subjective sentence on Western--primarily American--culture (&quot;Strange Days&quot;, &quot;When The Music's Over&quot;, the Torquemada equine horror of &quot;Horse Latitudes&quot;), while at the same time objectifying their vision by receding into a staged backdrop and limning short, voyeuristic sketches of cold, unsettling intimacy (&quot;People Are Strange&quot;, &quot;Unhappy Girl&quot;, &quot;My Eyes Have Seen You&quot;).  That they are able to brilliantly wed these seemingly discrepant purposes is no mere chance coalescence.  In this, The Doors' most somber yet maniacally galloping album, they craft with surgical precision a frame-by-frame mid-century document where the anonymous hostess mentioned in the title track only admits guests that will revel until unconsciousness sets in on her own unspoken terms.  The Doors state their ambiguous truths with such conviction that the only doubts that hold sway are the emerging fears they elicit from the listener, trapped on the uncompromising turf of The Doors' musical authority.  &quot;Strange Days&quot;, the album's opener, is the non plus ultra of all Doors title tracks; it is worthier by far of being catalogued as poetry than &quot;The Soft Parade&quot;, &quot;L.A. Woman&quot;, or the admittedly underpraised &quot;Waiting for the Sun&quot; (which only on rare occasion receives mention as an actually excellent title track due to its belated appearance on 1970's &quot;Morrison Hotel&quot;). In &quot;Strange Days&quot;, The Doors' Goyaesque romp through the ruins, we have some of Morrison's most poignant and cognitive lyrics supported by the band's uncanny soundtrack of one final ride through History's fairground; a blind prance across a minefield, the sped-up marching band beat of disaster, the organ's unbridled blizzard of woe timed to the vestigial notes of a six-string transmitting from some distant star.  When Morrison serves the disclaimer, &quot;Hear me talk of sin/And you know this is it&quot;, he levels all posturing of the free-agent libertine and concedes to the implacability of moral consequence.  It is one of the most overlooked lyrical clues to Morrison's true character, and effectively counters the puerile image that saturates much of what has been written about him.  Another aspect of Morrison's underexamined personal concerns surfaces later in the album: while many opinions have been stated about Morrison's ostensibly anti-religious rants, on more informed listening, the desolate scream he emits at the climax of &quot;When The Music's Over&quot;:&quot;Persian Light, Babe!/See the Light, Babe!/Save Us!/Jesus!/Save Us!&quot; resounds less like a rail against Christianity than as a stark plea and mournful address for recognition from something at once loved, feared and abandoned. Morrison was the only writer in the rock idiom I know of who equated heartache with a spiritual vacuum as opposed to a failed romance (&quot;Texas Radio &amp; the Big Beat&quot;).  The instrumentation of &quot;When The Music's Over&quot; is grander than anything The Doors had accomplished on their remarkable debut or would attempt thereafter.  In an era of true musical prowess, never before had any rock group, British or American, attained a sound so artfully Spartan, relentless and certain of intent as when the opening staccato shots and crash from Densmore's snare/cymbal eruption drives into the brash, anguished siren of Krieger's guitar and Manzarek's keen, emphatic organ chant, pushing toward some inexorable precipice by that subterranean keyboard bass and Morrison's pained, defiant warcry.               With &quot;Strange Days&quot; The Doors had drawn a deep line in the sand of a new art form: the album as societal scourge, a not-so-pop cultural auto-da-fe; almost thirty-five years later that line has widened into a chasm, waiting, yet to be crossed.
0812580346|4.0|Robert Sawyer succeeds in an genre fraught with bad premise and even worse science. In &quot;FlashForward&quot;, we are given a glimpse into the future and only a glimpse and are then introducted to intelligent thinkers and scientist who get to answer the really difficult question: &quot;Can we change/impact the future?&quot;, &quot;Do we have free will or are we merely puppets of destiny?&quot;. Most important, Sawyer is able to broach both quantum scientific issues as well as the philosophy of knowing the future in a way that isn't preachy, overly technical or too Captain Kirk-esque.<br />A fast,fun read. Readers of Carl Sagan and Asimov will like this.
B000007U6W|5.0|i just bought this album today and love it. i had the original L.P. when it came out in 1974. i'm glad they put it on c.d. Autobahn is great to meditate to. the kometenmelodie 2 is wonderful too. this is just a super great album. if you like electronic music, this is a must to have.
B000024D4R|5.0|This album is an experience...I like to put it on when I'm drifting off to sleep...Wonderful!
B000007U6W|5.0|i just bought this album today and love it. i had the original L.P. when it came out in 1974. i'm glad they put it on c.d. Autobahn is great to meditate to. the kometenmelodie 2 is wonderful too. this is just a super great album. if you like electronic music, this is a must to have.
B000001FA4|5.0|I was 7 years old, and had heard the pop hits off the Joshua Tree, but i popped this, my second tape ever into a GE walkman on a Sunday i believe, sitting on the corner of my brothers bed in the morning, the sun shining in so you could see the dust...and &quot;A sort of homecoming&quot; started in my ears...&quot;and you know it's time to go, across the fields of falling snow, across the fields of mourning, to lights in the distance.  And you hunger for the time, the time to heal, desire time, and your earth moves beneath, your own dream landscape.....Ohhhhhhhhooouhoohhhhh, on borderlannnnnd we run, we run and don't look back, i'll be there, i'll be there, tonight...&quot;  it struck a cord, i was too young to understand the complexity of the words, but the feeling, it was there...it was reassuring, and my life has never been the same since, i crossed a line that day, and gladly, i can never go back...
0440224764|5.0|This book was a total masterpiece!!  In my opinion his best so far!  A Time to Kill used to be my favorite until I read this one.  I FLEW through it and at times I couldn't put it down!  I am usually a slow reader, but this book kept my attention the entire time.  It grabs you right from the beginning and throughout the entire book.  The storyline is full of mystery and intrigue, and the ending is the BEST PART!  A total plesure read that I guarantee you will enjoy!
0064471837|5.0|Sabriel is by far one of the best books I have ever read. It is beautifully written, and contains realistic, compatibale characters. The creatures in this book are very well detailed and it is very easy to visualize all that Garth Nix writes about. The book is basically about an amazing, 18-year-old heroin who has to save the world from the dead, by taking over her father's roll as Abhorsen. Sabriel battles the dead along with her sidekicks Touchstone and Mogget. This story also includes touches of humor and romance.
0671867369|5.0|This is a very readable account of men-at-war, although with the usual Ambrose flaws.
B000002H72|5.0|OK. GUYS , EVERBODY SAYS &quot;SURFER ROSA IS THE BEST INDIE ALBUM&quot;.<br />BUT YOU CAN TRUST ME , I LOVE PIXIES SO MUCH AND THIS IS THE FACT. DOOLITTLE IS THE BEST PIXIES ALBUM . AFTER ALL WE CAN SAY , PIXIES IS THE BEST INDIE BAND. THIS ALBUM HAS VERY FUNNY&amp;CLEAVER SONGS , YOU ARE GONNA LOVE KIM DEAL&amp;FRANK BLACKIS.
B00003CXN4|5.0|Although I do not think Traffic fits as the &quot;best movie of the year&quot;, it is definately worth paying for. It is a raw, fast paced movie about drug trafficing, staring actors like Michael Douglas, Catherine Zeta-Jones, Benicio Del Toro and many others, especially my favorite TV actor, Topher Grace of That 70's Show. The casting involved in this movie is the best I've seen in a long time. It is one of those rare movies, all of the actors are perfectly casted to their characters! I think this movie stands out from others that way. If you're not really interested in the story, see it for the acting.
B000001DTM|5.0|U2 were simply amazing from 1983-1991. They made 4 albums which are all incredible. Achtung Baby, probably their most visionary, really cemented their place as a band who could completely change their image and pull it off. They changed from being a stadium rock band into an experimental, almost industrial band on Achtung Baby. Hearing Zoo Station for the first time after Joshua Tree is quite a trip. What is most amazing is that is just as good as Joshua Tree which is a fabulous album. The songs here are literally amazing. Bono is lyrically perfect and each song is quite separate but also work together; A very difficult thing to do. Mixing industrial sounds and electronica with songs like One and So Cruel is just ingenious. The Fly is just fabulous. Ultra-Violet is also great. People think One is great and it is a good song but I think that is more of an eighties era sound than the rest of the album. The most important thing is the production of the album. If there could be an award for the best produced album, this would be near the top the list. It just leaps off the speakers and sounds so fresh after 10 years.  U2 is so dynamic in its ability to reinvent itself so many times and pull it off effortlessly.  On of my favorites.
B00004U0OQ|5.0|This album is awesome it's the best one by White Zombie except La Sexcorcisto passes it up so if u like Rob Zombie or just one white zombie song get this or the one that has the song on it so buy this one and La Sexcorcisto.
B000001FA4|4.0|This is a really hard album to pigeonhole one reaction.  It just goes all over the place.  It contains Pride and Bad, two of the best U2 songs to date.  It contains the an instrumental piece that is quite amazing for its time.  U2 really set a standard for pop music in this album.  Edge's guitar (which is missing from U2's newer work) resounds through almost every track and is the backbone of the songs.  It is Edge's guitar which separate them from the pack.  The distinctive echo heard on Pride and Bad and Wire is almost a seminal sound.  If it wasn't for the last 2 songs on the album it would be a classic.  U2 missfires here but the soundscapes created and the the resonating guitar make this a great album worth hearing again.
B00003CXE7|5.0|I really loved this movie, you should buy it. The end.
B000001FS3|5.0|For any band to have a stretch of albums like U2 did from War through Achtung Baby is quite amazing.  No other band except for maybe Led Zeppelin put four albums out that showed their maturity from each one and were as successful.  The Joshua Tree is the most successful album and their best.  The first three songs are easily the best ever.  They capture the emotion, power, and sonic excellence that embodies U2's music.  As we progress through the album, the songs are just as good.  In particular, Trip Through Your Wires and One Tree Hill are absolutely amazing.  One Tree Hill is second to Bad as my favorite U2 song.  The album just flows so well from its majestic beginning to its quiet, somber ending.  Unlike Unforgettable Fire and Achtung Baby, there is not one misscue on this album.  Every song works and is brilliant.  Also, what makes a great album is its ability to last over time.  Joshua Tree sounds just as fresh as it did 12-13 years ago.  It doesn't sound dated like Unforgettable Fire does.  VH1 chose wisely when it picked Joshua Tree as No. 15 Album of all time.  All in all, it is an incredible album full of 11 great songs that flow perfectly from one to the next.  If you are going to own a U2 album or any album from the 80's, get this one.
B00000099Y|5.0|The perfect mix of Anger and Integrity
B00000273M|5.0|I love this band! I grew up on the Bangles' music during the '80s. This band was so inspiring for all young girls, showing them that women can rock with the guys. My only problem with this cd is that 95% of the songs were sung by Susanna but then again the majority of their greatest hits had Susanna on lead vocals.<br />Their cover of Simon and Garfunkle's &quot;Hazy Shade of Winter&quot; really showcases the band at its best with the women all harmonizing. The remix version of &quot;I'll Set You Free&quot; is even better than the original version found on &quot;Everything&quot;. Another favorite is their cover of the Grassroots &quot;Where Were You When I Needed You?&quot;. I love singing along to that song.<br />Overall, good cd. It covers all of the Bangles' hits. It can't disappoint for any '80s fan.
6304169558|1.0|&quot;Realistic special effects&quot;? Take a look at a REAL tornado on video someday and then you'll see how phony the tornadoes in Twister really are. The way they move is wrong, the kinds of damage they do are wrong, the skies are wrong, the clouds are wrong, the winds are wrong, the sounds are wrong.... Since there's no other reason to watch this movie, go get one of the excellent Tornado Video Classics videos instead.
B000051VWW|3.0|She's back! To my surprise Sade kept her style. To me it sounds like a continuation from her 80ies albums. I still like those albums better though. Nevertheless, buying this cd is definitely not a loss or hardly as dispappointing as Toni Braxton's new cd.
B00000IQ4Q|5.0|Blade was an excellent vampire movie, the best one since Bram Stokers Dracula, but these two movies are entirely different. Blade has great special effects, plenty o' action, and a reasonably good cast.<br />Wesley Snipes plays as Blade, the good vampire who kills the bad vampires. Steven Dorff plays Frost, the bad vampire who wants to kill the good vampire, Blade. The plot flows together nicely and does not seem disjointed like some other vampire movies of late. The end fight scene is one of the coolest fight scenes that I have ever seen, any action fan will agree that the two do a good job of portraying their hate toward each other, and mock each other during the fight.<br />Overall this movie is fantastic from beginning to end. Highly recommended to anyone who likes action/horror movies or vampire movie fans.
0694003611|5.0|This is the only book that my wife and I have been able to read hundreds of times to our three children.  It engages the child in  a unique and evolving way and is really a joy for all.  I give it to all my friends with new children.
6302194296|5.0|Based on the classic novel DRACULA by Bram Stoker, NOSFERATU was the unofficial adaptation that was almost lost forever due to the efforts of Florence Stoker who won a legal case when the producers of the film failed to get official clearance from the Stoker estate to adapt the classic novel. Thankfully, the movie was preserved &amp; stood the test of time. NOSFERATU stands as one of the most remarkable achievements in cinematic history. F. W. Murnau created a hauntingly eerie yet beautiful film. Max Schreck's interpretation of Count Orlock is one of the most horrific creatures in horror film history. He does not portray a charming, handsome, seductive vampire that horror fans came to associate with. He portrays the vampire as an evil, sinister creature of hell, a living embodiment of disease &amp; decay. His vampire looks like a human bat, not the suave, erotic vampire popularized by Christopher Lee. <br />The movie itself is a triumph of light &amp; shadow to convey the atmosphere of horror. It is made even more haunting by the fact that the movie is a SILENT MOVIE. It's like watching a nightmare.<br />NOSFERATU is to be seen &amp; savored by all fans wh olove the horror film genre. Highly recommended.
6304140428|1.0|I finally gave in and rented this movie since so many people rave about it? I DIDN'T find it revolutionary or darkly beautiful. I just think that maybe I &quot;don't get it&quot; as one reviewer suggested. I find Elizabeth Taylor vile and I find myself wanting to slap her hard throughout the film. I simply lost interest in their rantings and (gasp) turned it off. For the life of me, I cannot understand how someone could call this &quot;the best film ever made&quot;. They must have seen very few and/or poor quality films to make such a grand statement.
B000056VIY|4.0|J.Lo is an exceptional cd. Groundbreaking it's not. But fun it is. While lacking good ballads J.Lo does offer exceptional dance beats, if only Jennifer could sing.... Oh well, can't have it all. But, this cd does deliever
B00002Z88D|5.0|S&amp;M can be described in one word - brilliant.It's a masterpiece of an album.If you're a budding Metallica fan, then start with this one first.If you're a hardcore one, then what are u waiting for? Go and get it now.<br />        Let's get one thing straight here though.The symphony is not there to 'sweeten' the music to suit conventional tastes. Metallica music is always filled with power and emotion.If anything, the symphony has just helped express that power. Each song is so meticulously symphonised that it brings u to ur feet. The orchestra's melodies and counter-melodies provide the right effect and mood.'Master of Puppets','One' and 'Enter Sandman' are classic examples. Just listen to these songs, coupled with the sound of the roaring crowd, and you'll see what I mean. The sheer energy of the songs, together with the soul-stirring melodies of the orchestra, create an atmosphere you're not likely to forget in a hurry.<br />          The album is produced and recorded exceedingly well. James, Kirk, Lars and Jason are at their best. Michael Kamen proves that he is a maestro of the 90's. Apart from the songs I mentioned earlier,other excellent songs are - 'The thing that should not be','Fuel'(One of their best),'Hero of the Day'(soft but still good),'Nothing Else Matters'(haunting melody),'For whom the Bell Tolls'(heavy - a classic),'Wherever I may Roam'(great - heavy with that typical Metallica trademark) and 'Sad But True'( superb Hammet solo )<br />            If i have any complaint against S&amp;M it is this -too many songs from 'Load' and 'Metallica' were included. 'Bleeding me','Of wolf and man' and 'Outlaw Torn' are great songs but just imagine if, in their place, 'And Justice for all','Harvester of Sorrow' and 'The Unforgiven', were present.Anyway, the album is still a masterpiece.If you haven't bought it already, then BUY IT NOW!
630575067X|1.0|Take the original Star Wars and remove chemistry between the characters, remove the senses of adventure and realism, and don't allow the actors to act, and you have Phantom Menace. Watching this, one would think that Lucas had never seen the original three movies. He literally took everything that made the first movies great and threw them out the window. I don't know how any director could have a movie with such top-notch actors and wind up with such a lack of feeling, but I guess a control freak like George was able to do it. To top it all off, we learn that that the ability to use the Force, which we previously thought was mystical and spiritual, is really due to things called midichlorians in the blood. What?!?  And forget about Haley Joel Osment, the boy who played the Spoon Kid from the Matrix should have played Anakin. This movie is a poor successor to one of the greatest sci-fi movies of all time. It plays more like a parody than a prequel.
B00003CXMG|5.0|This is one of the best movies that I have ever had the pleasure to watch, and is definitely Cameron's best and most personal project to date. Fantastic! I thoroughly enjoyed this movie! As someone who is both a music nut and a sucker for a real heart-warming story, I found myself smiling throughout the whole movie. For me, the real test of a movie is the old, &quot;will I buy it when it comes out on DVD&quot; test. In a word, ABSOLUTELY!!!
B000002UDB|5.0|This is one of the greatest albums ever done, period! There just is not a so-so track to be found here, the entire collection is just superb! This belongs in your collection, trust me!
B00000K19E|5.0|Just about the greatest movie ever!
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Never in the history of recorded music has so much been said as  in this collection. Every song here has been loved and cheered since first heard. Buy this... 80 minutes of superb acomplishments await you!
080017948X|5.0|A great movie.  I've seen it over a dozen times.  I love the plot... an arrogant guy who gets the chance to find out the tru meaning of life... to &quot;Live everyday to the fullest.  It is so cute seeing Bill Murry become a honest descent person.  I highly recommend this movie!!!
B00004ZEQX|4.0|This version of &quot;House by the Cemetary&quot; is the uncut version, copied by Diamond Entertainment from the Japanese Laserdisc. It is a reasonably good looking transfer except for the occasional greyscaling and evidence of filmgrain. It is one of Lucio's best combining elements of &quot;The Shining&quot; and &quot;Hellraiser&quot; with a truly creepy feel. The earlier video release from Vestron video had reels 2 and 3 out of order. They have been put back correctly making the story all the more interesting. A great buy if you're a collecter. If not you may want to wait for Anchor Bay's version coming April 24th. This film scared me as a child and still retains a lot of it's eerie feel that time and many other horror films have ruined with less stylistic displays of the same idea.   PS - If you wait long enough after the film ends, you see 5 seconds of the end of the trailer and &quot;Laserdisc stop side B&quot; will appear.
B00004UEDQ|5.0|Well my girlfriend twisted my arm for ever to watch this movie.  I finally gave in and I was VERY mich suprised.  It was a really nice decent movie, I recommend it.  You just might earn some brownie points with your girlfriend.
0792842723|4.0|It's incredible to think that Brosnan has been waiting to be Bond since the days of Remington Steele.  Now he's not only Bond, but ready to turn the series into a new direction.  The new villains are just merceneraries who aren't going to explain their evil plots (&quot;since you're going to chopped to pieces by my robot-laser and fed to my vat of bionic pirahna, why don't I just tell you?&quot;).  And while this Bond does come equipped with gadgetry (Desmond Llewlyn is here), he does best when using his own resourcefulness (in which he commandeers a tank and systematically tears apart bits of St. Petersberg).  Brosnan can be a bit cold, but there's also the realization that the world itself is pretty cold, mostly from desperation - the directors set much of the film in bleak, post-Soviet Russia.<br />In this outer, Bond encounters the beautiful Xenia Onatopp (Famke Jansen), a lead to a mysterious cell of Russian Mafia.  Xenia's theft of a new British super helicopter is bad enough. But when the theft of the chopper - unique in its immunity to electromagnetic-pulse - coincides with an EM pulse attack on a Russian &quot;Star Wars&quot; facility, Bond knows that the helicopter is only one step in a biger plan.  Picking up the pieces in Russia, Bond must confront the darker world of the post-cold war, and must even rely on some old enemies (Like Robby Coltrane as an ex-KGB agent who's killed just about everybody but Bond who still carry the PPK).  He must also confront the traitorious 006 and learn the secret of &quot;Goldeneye&quot;, a Russian space-based weapon that can paralyze whole nations.  (&quot;Goldeneye&quot; was supposedly Ian Fleming's carribean villa).<br />Too much of the action is frantic, and seems to interrupt those scenes for thinking and planning.  Much of the fun of the film comes from watching Brosnan adjust to Bond.  But most of the fun comes from the two Bond ladies - Jansen as a cold-blooded killer with cybernetic thighs, but also Izabella Scorupco as Natalya, a brilliant scientist who proves she can be equally tough.
0792841344|5.0|Just a quick note about PHANTASM - A classic from the 70's. I actually saw it in it's original release at a DRIVE-IN back in the day. The TALL MAN is my favorite horror movie baddie still. If you are a horror fan, you owe it to your self to see this one. It can be confusing at times, but is a great example of the genre. Reggie alone is worth watching. Fear the Sphere!
0553472151|5.0|Hercule Poirot, planning to do some sightseeing in Istanbul, is called back to France on urgent business.  He books passage on the Orient Express, and becomes an earwitness to a murder in the adjoining sleeper compartment.  A desperate criminal attempting to escape some unknown retribution has been stabbed twelve times in his sleep.  The train becomes snowbound and Poirot is asked to solve the mystery while the passengers await rescue.  It begins as a locked room mystery with all the possible suspects possessing ironclad alibis.  Poirot labors mightily in unraveling the Gordian Knot.  As the plot unfolds, the circumstances become more and more bizarre, until at the end, Poirot makes perfect sense out of everything.<br />Poirot's insights appear more intuitive than logical, but he proves to be a shrewd guesser.  He doesn't seem to have the deductive powers of Dupin or Holmes, but he makes a quite satisfactory detective nonetheless.<br />The audio dramatization published by BDD was excellent.  I had a long drive on a business trip, and the miles went by much faster as I listened to the story, staying several steps behind Poirot throughout.  It proved so good that I listened to it again on the way home.<br />One quibble about Christie's work.  She wound up giving a very logical explanation for almost all the improbabilities that occurred in the story, but she (or at least the audio version) overlooked one very salient feature of such a stabbing.  There would have been bloodspatters all over the victim's sleeper and probably trailed down the hallway of the sleeper car, and the killer would have been unable to dispose of his/her bloody clothing.  In reality, Poirot should have been able to solve the mystery by following the killer's blood trail or canvassing the train for the bloody clothing.
0061002860|5.0|All right so apparentely previous reviewers are descendant directly from &quot;Sherlock Holmes&quot;, otherwise me thinks they are perhaps stretching the truth when they say, &quot;they guessed the murderer early on in the story&quot;. Ms. Christie is quite simply at  genius level with the twists and turns in this yarn. I could not put this one down and neither will you. Order, read, and enjoy. one of the greatest writers of our century.
B000002UJQ|5.0|I'm a somewhat newer Radiohead fan, I've only been really into them for a few months, but so far they've amazed me. I bought OK Computer thinking that I was only gonna like &quot;Karma Police&quot; and &quot;Paranoid Android&quot;, I was wrong. After only TWO weeks I went from liking 2 out of 12 songs....to 11 out of 12 songs! This CD just blew me away and I immediatelt went out and got The Bends and KID A, which equally kicked and now I'm hooked on Radiohead. TRUST ME, this CD WILL NOT disappoint.
078322608X|5.0|In typical Terry Gilliam style, this movie is a visual feast of dark images of a decaying world.  The cleaver script engages the viewer by questioning what is real and what events might be the result of &quot;Mental divergence&quot;.  Mind you, this film is not for everyone.  I would only recommend it if you enjoyed David Fincher movies or Dark City or other movies of that perspective.  The cast is incredably strong, and the musical score adds to the surrealism of the film.  I highly recommend it.
B000001ELP|3.0|OK, I'll admit it.  I like this record.  It's got some great material on it.  Escape from The Island, for example, is an instrumental masterpiece.  However, this should have had another band's name on it.  KISS has tried to broaden themselves in the past, and that can be a good thing, but it wasn't this time.  The album opens with flutes, and then into a quiet ballad.  Not what KISS fans expect when the last album that Bob Ezrin produced for KISS was 'Detroyer' (an absolute masterpiece).  At least Bob redeemed himself 10 years later with 'Revenge'.  In short, if you get this album, keep an open mind.  It's not what you'd expect from 'The Hottest Band in The World', but it's still worth a listen.
B000050FEN|5.0|First, there is so much improvement in this DVD over the previous DVD version, which one had to flip over half way through the movie.  The sound and visual quality is also much better.  This is a very powerful movie with many cleaver juxtapositioned themes: good and evil, culture and savagery, violence and beauty.  The credit sequence in itself is a work of art.  The acting is strong, and the script has the potential to shake you to your core.  All of these elements, along with Fincher's touch, make this one of the best psychological thrillers around.
0684853523|5.0|Stephen King emerges as wonderfully iconoclastic in this gem. Striving to avoid pretense, he's ironically written a classic ... &amp; maybe that's part of the point he keeps making about truth &amp; honesty: you can't be great until you just be. He's beautifully truthful &amp; honest here. I laughed out loud. I was inspired. I was struck how well he conveys simple but very hard to express concepts, such as intuition. I loved his idea about writing as telepathy. I was surprised how gripping his account of his near-fatal crash was. Though focused on fiction, this is well worth a read by ANY writer or would-be writer in ANY genre. There's much for the non-fiction writer. This joins William Zinsser's &quot;On Writing Well&quot; &amp; Strunk &amp; White as my favorites. If you haven't read much Stephen King, this also could inspire a read of several of his other books.
0767805712|5.0|After studying the theatre I have come to truly appreciate how well written Gattaca was.  Visually, it is quite innovative in its combination of a vintage look and a modern feel.  My only criticism would be the acting, which at times becomes vague, but the chemistry keeps the movie moving in slow moments.  The soundtrack itself is a work of art in itself.  This movie combined elements of innovative visuals, a strong script, and a beautiful score to create one of the best scifi films in recent history.
B00000K31Q|4.0|Well first let me say this: As a movie-loving Teen I actually don't like teen movies a lot because often they don't seem real and 30 year old actors playing teens is just ridiculous. 10 things however surprised me very much cuz it really felt believable to me and it was one of the first romantic movies I actually thought was romantic. 10 things renewed my faith..<br />THE STORY... is losely based on William Shakespear's Taiming of the shrew. Julia Stiles is Kat, the girl who doesn't want to date... but her sister Bianca wants to. So here's the problem: Their father came up with this rule: &quot;Bianca doesn't date... until Kat does&quot; The shy new guy Cameron falls for Bianca the day he arrives. Now he has to find a date for Kat to get to her. Heath Ledger's character gets paid to ask Kat out but the inevidable happens... he falls in love with the shrew...<br />THE CAST.. is young and fresh. I've seen Julia Stiles for the first time since The Devil's own and was totally amazed by her. Heath Ledger is the perfect man for her and those two together seem so real. There's real chemistry there. His &quot;I love you, baby&quot; performance is one of the highlights of the entire movie (along with Julia Stiles' dancing performance)<br />THE DIRECTION... is pretty conventional but that doesn't matter because this is not a visual movie. It's about the characters and their relations so I guess it is best that it is kept very simple. There are some pretty cute songs in the movie which want to make you to buy the soundtrack. There's almost no score but the source music is pretty amazing...<br />THE DVD: Shame on Touchstone! The DVD comes with less than none Special features and sound and picture quality are mediocre.. This movie would have deserved a little more treatment for DVD adaption. SO... I'm a guy and I really loved the movie although it is a &quot;chick flick&quot;. But, hey we can get emotional, too...
0767817710|2.0|WARNING: This is a shortened/censored version of the film (at least compared to the one we have seen in Europe
0887307280|5.0|I sometimes wonder if the people that give low ratings to this book even understood a word of it. When people complain about the lack of a specific HOW TO in it, I have to wonder how much of a baby they are.  No, this book will not hold your hand. It will not 'do it' for you. That's not it's purpose. What this book does is get you to think about your business more than work in your business. As he says, &quot;Work ON your business, not IN it.&quot; For those that complain about the lack of concrete steps - he included a quote from Ford. Ford said something to the effect of, &quot;I have other people that know more than me, and that do more than me - which frees me up to do something more important: Think.&quot; For the people that are willing to think more - this is THE book. <br />~ jayse<br />PS - complaining about him trying to promote himself?? Give me a break! Haven't you read any good business books? I would never trust anyone that talks about good business and selling techniques that failed to try to sell me something more. I barely noticed it. <br />PSS - no, I never met the author or the publishing company. I just sincerely found this book to be amazing, extremely entertaining and thought provoking.
B0000399WI|5.0|You have to see it!!!!! There is a God!!!!!!!!! You will also remamber what treasures of life realy are !!!!!!!!!!!
B00004XONN|5.0|I know this will only be read by REALLY dedicated fans because it's the 1200th or so review, and I already reviewed this cd yesterday (on my first impresssion).  I'm the 48 year old who referenced it to THE BEATLES.  I've been listening to it all day.  This is just incredible music, so strange and so meaningful.  I feel as if they're talking to my subconscious.  It seems as if radiohead stays in a state of pure intensity while making this cd.  Whenever I expect something to happen, it happens--it just seems like pure intuition, all the way down the line.  I just keep thinking, how long can they keep it up.  I have cried through most of it.  I've heard reviewers reference Pink Floyd.  To me, Pink Floyd was all about your head. This just seems deeper to me.  Musically, I find similarities to the band Yes--does anyone remember them?.  This seems like language on another level--something much more primitive.  It just takes your heart and your body in its hands and plays with it.  I think that if you give this a chance you'll be moved in a way that will feel deep and meaningful and memorabale.
B000002504|4.0|GG takes me to places no other band can.  This disc is an important work.  As already mentioned, &quot;The Advent of Panurge&quot; and &quot;Raconteur Troubadour&quot; are two of the best prog rock songs ever composed and performed.  Although not the typical 9-minute pieces associated with prog rock, these two tracks alone make this disc worth getting--much has been written on them, so I'll focus on the rest.  They are supported by tracks that feature some of the most instrumentally and vocally interesting music to be classified as prog rock.  Many fans were introduced to GG via this disc; although I'd start with Free Hand.  According to the liner notes, &quot;A Cry for Everyone&quot; was inspired by the philosophy of Albert Camus.  Great play between keyboards and guitar.  &quot;Knots,&quot; a madrigal-influenced composition, layers some great vocal harmonies and contrapuntal constructions.  &quot;Boys in the Band&quot; leaves the vocals alone to push some dynamic and complex musicianship to the front.  Theme and variation rings clear with occasional diversions and time changes to keep things interesting--virtuosic.  A keyboard diversion that will take you soaring.  A Renaissance-like sound (the band, not the era), &quot;Dog's Life&quot; I think was the band's shot at having some fun.  Liner notes say it was a &quot;backhanded tribute to our roadies.&quot;  Taking a slightly more melodic turn with &quot;Think of Me With Kindness,&quot; GG uses softer vocals and light touches on the piano.  Nice ballodic effort.  The final track, &quot;River,&quot; sounds like typical GG.  The lyrics seem more like they were written by Jon Anderson.  I'll leave you with GG's own description of this one: &quot;We have tried to create several atmospheres within the boundaries of one song by using the various electronic devices at our disposal in the recording studio.&quot;<br />Should you get this disc?  Absolutely.  Will you like it?  Many people say it takes two or three listens andthen they're disciples of GG.  I fell in love on first listen.  But then again, the disc starts out with two tracks that can't be beat.
B000003TA4|5.0|When I was a young lad of 13 or so, Smells like Teen Spirit hit the sceen!  We all know how it effected music, so I'll only say tht compared to the top40 music of before, it was heaven.  No, Kirt isn't the best song writer, and no, the drumming isn't the best out there.  Really, the Beatles weren't great musicians apart.  What they had and what Kirt had was the ability through pop music to influence, forge, and remake the music of the day.  I love all the hits, but it's side two of NeverMind that I have really liked.  Writing a song, story, or poem should be from the soul.  Kirt did this very well and now we are stuck with a musical repeating cycle of the same stuff.  That's the big problem, I hear so many sound alike bands.  Kirt inadvertantly created a simular situation to what he was trying to overcome.  One wonders how he would look at the alternative music of today.
B00004VVNB|4.0|Terrific film that brings back memories of my childhood!  I won't go into a detail about the film as I just wanted to mention how the DVD compares to my Laserdisc of it.  First thing I noticed right away is that it is NOT as   W    I    D    E    as the laserdisc picture.  Why on earth would they do this?  I thought the whole idea of the DVD format was to preserve the original theatrical experience!!  I did a direct a/b comparison between the two using a switcher box and I measured it with a ruler.  It seems that on my 20 inch screen the DVD is about 1 inch &quot;taller&quot; than the laserdisc, meaning that there is some cropping taking place.  Needless to say I feel cheated!  However on a positive note the colours are much more brilliant and detail is of course much higher on the DVD (and fewer artifacts) over the laserdisc.  The supplements are also excellent !!!   Listening to Michael York comment on the film was very enjoyable!!
B00000K19E|5.0|How can I start....THE MATRIX IS THE MOST BEAUTIFULLY STUNNING MOVIE THAT I HAVE EVER SEEN!!!! Yes, believe the hype..THERE ISN'T ANOTHER MOVIE THAT EVEN COMES CLOSE TO THE BRILLIANT SPECIAL EFFECTS!!!  I heard the hype so I went and rented the VHS edition of The Matrix(the DVD was out). I watched it 7 times in the last 3 days. I discovered something new every time I saw it.   The first time I watched The Matrix I was so stunned by the special effects that I really didn't follow the story. The second time I watched it I learned a little about the story but was still stunned by the special effects. After watching it 7 times I finally learned that the story is just as brilliant!!    I suppose the best way to describe The Matrix is &quot;YOU WILL BE IN AWE!!&quot; And this coming from myself who really doesn't like digital special effects.<br />  NO CHEEZY EFFECTS HERE FOLKS!!!!<br />I ordered the DVD version of The Matrix. I can't wait to get it!! If the VHS version is this good- I know that the DVD will be awesome!!<br />   BELIEVE IT!! THE MATRIX IS ALREADY A CLASSIC!!! IT IS AS GOOD AS EVERYONE SAYS- BUY IT NOW!!!!!
0807014265|3.0|Jewish German psychiatrist, Viktor Frankl, fathered the \\"Third School of Viennese Psychiatry,\\" known \\"logotherapy.\\" This book introduces his philosophy as he tells the gripping account of his three years in the Nazi death camps World War II.<br />Frankl wrote seventeen volumes in German on the principles of logotherapy which he weaves into this short book, so it is difficult to summarize his philosophy in a review! Nevertheless, most basic to logotherapy is Frankl's strong conviction that man is responsible. I agree. Unfortunately, the great defect of Frankl's system is the lack of objective ground given for this responsibility! Humans are responsible, yes. But to what or who? Frankl fails to answer this. Logotherapy is then essentially a humanized moralism-better than the nihilism which was bred by Neitzsche,but still short of what men really need.<br />The following paragraph represents the strength and contribution of logotherapy to the field of psychiatrics: \\"We who lived in<br />concentration camps can remember the men who walked through huts comforting others, giving away their last piece of bread. They may have been few in number, but they offer sufficient proof that everything can be taken from man but one thing: the last of the human freedoms - to choose one's attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose one's own way.\\"<br />This is also the essence of the proactivity which Stephen Covey commends in Seven Habits of Highly Effective People, the book in which I first learned of Frankl. In and of itself, this concept is good. But concepts cannot be divorced from a world-view. And a world-view which isn't built on objective reality is faulty.<br />According to Frankl, the basic motivation in man is \\"the striving to find a meaning in one's life\\" - notice he says a meaning, and not meaning. He didnt' believe it was possible to define meaning generally for all people: \\"The meaning of life differs from man to man, from day to day, and from hour to hour. What matters, therefore, is not the meaning of life in general but rather the specific meaning of a person's life at a given moment.\\"<br />Frankl's attempt to relieve the \\"existential frustration\\" of human beings fails to deliver right here; for though a subjectively perceived meaning may help a person endure suffering (as it did him), this meaning may have no objective ground in reality, and thus be REALLY meaningless after all, leaving the person deluded and deceived. Frankl says, \\"self-actualization cannot be attained if it is made an end in itself, but only as a side-effect of self-transcendence.\\" But is not self-transcendence impossible if there is no objective reality which is transcendent?! Logotherapy leaves us to ourselvs after all.<br />According to Frankl's philosphy, one can discover meaning in life in one of three ways: \\"by doing a deed, by experiencing a value [such as love], or by suffering.\\" Unfortunately, logotherapy fails to connect deeds, experiences, or suffering to anything objective; God is virtually absent.<br />Having said all of this, commendable in the book is Frankl's conviction that liberty be balanced with responsibility:  \\"freedom is in danger of degenerating into mere arbitrariness unless it is lived in terms of responsibleness. That is why I recommend that the Statue of Liberty on the East Coast be supplemented by a Statue of Responsibility on the West Coast.\\" True.<br />I also commend Frankl's rejection of pure naturalism:<br />\\"there is a danger inherent in the teaching of man's `nothingbutness,' the theory that man is nothing but the result of biological, psychological and sociological conditions, or the product of heredity and environment. Such a view of man makes him into a robot, not a human being. This neurotic fatalism is fostered and strengthened by a psychotherapy which denies that man is free.\\" Thus, Darwin and Freud both suffer from Frankl's analysis.<br />Of interest is Frankl's description of logotherapy as a technique, where he discusses \\"anticipatory anxiety\\" and its cure, \\"parodoxical intention.&quot; This sounded a lot like reverse psychology to me!<br />I'm not a psychiatrist or the son of a psychiatrist,but I am a pastor, a theologian, and an amateur philosopher; and in my judgment, Frankl leaves us with some helpful principles, but they are like a beautiful superstructure with no foundation, and thus, shaky. Man's search for meaning will ultimately fail if it does't terminate in the purpose for which human beings are created,namely, \\"to glorify God and enjoy Him forever.\\" Though Frankl has some good thoughts, I still prefer Saint Augustine who prayed to God: \\"Thou hast made us for thyself, and our hearts are restless until they find their rest in Thee.\\" That is where meaning in life is ultimately found.que, where he discusses \\"anticipatory anxiety\\" and its cure, \\"parodoxical intention.&quot; This sounded a lot like reverse psychology to me!<br />I'm not a psychiatrist or the son of a psychiatrist,but I am a pastor, a theologian, and an amateur philosopher; and in my judgment, Frankl leaves us with some helpful principles, but they are like a beautiful superstructure with no foundation, and thus, shaky. Man's search for meaning will ultimately fail if it does't terminate in the purpose for which human beings are created,namely, \\"to glorify God and enjoy Him forever.\\" Though Frankl has some good thoughts, I still prefer Saint Augustine who prayed to God: \\"Thou hast made us for thyself, and our hearts are restless until they find their rest in Thee.\\" That is where meaning in life is ultimately found.
B00003CX95|5.0|William Wallace once said, &quot;Every man dies, but not every man really lives.&quot;  You have not lived until you see this movie.  Braveheart is the best movie ever.  Mel Gibson takes you through one of the most powerful stories told in modern time.  His story of a commoner turned savage turned hero is the highest calibur of entertainment available.  If there is one movie to have in you DVD collection, it's Braveheart.  FREEDOM!!!
0425098478|1.0|If your supervisor frequently puts his hand on your shoulder, looks you sincerely in the eye, and tells you how your work makes him feel, there's a good chance he's read this book. If that's true, you've probably experienced firsthand its destructive effects. Take steps immediately. The only known cure is to threaten to sue your boss for harassment.<br />There is almost nothing to redeem this book. It encourages managers to think of their worst instincts as virtues. The style of writing is simplistic and dull. The dialogue is filled with inane platitudes. There are no insights in the book that shouldn't already have occurred to a third-grader. And the paperback edition, at least, is far too insubstantial to prop open a window.<br />When I first read the book, I supposed that it must have been meant as a parody of shallow pop management books. My supposition was reinforced when I discovered that Dr. Spencer Johnson, one of the authors, has also published &quot;The One Minute Father,&quot; a title which I defy you not to misinterpret. If you're forced to read &quot;The One Minute Manager,&quot; taking it as a parody will ease the burden. But don't let any aspiring managers in your organization get their hands on it.
6303593666|5.0|\\"Triumph of the Will\\" is Leni Riefenstahl's infamous propaganda masterpiece that has been both applauded and condemned -- misunderstood and manipulated. Despite the attempts by politically correct film critics to simply dismiss Riefenstahls work as \\"fascistic crap\\" - Triumph Of The Will remains a beautiful, poignant dedication to what could be best described as the \\"last gasp\\" of classical Europe. The photography is simply stunning and the fluid-like movement of the various sequences provides a sense of continuity rarely paralleled in modern film. <br />One of the reasons Riefenstahl's work has simply not \\"faded away\\" like the dozens of other German and Italian propaganda films of the era, is because Riefenstahl had an acute, sensitive understanding of her subject matter. She tackled her work as an artist, not a politician. Without the trappings of an agenda, Riefenstahl allowed herself to explore on film the hopes and aspirations of her country - who after losing almost 2 generations of men during the First World War and suffering a decade of humiliation and economic deprivation, saw itself as a phoenix rising from the ashes to reclaim its past - a past that had produced Goethe and Nietzsche, Mozart and Wagner. <br />Although not a member of the Nazi Party, Riefenstahl was one of many European artists of the era who embraced the National Socialist ideal of \\"cultural regeneration\\" - or, a rejection of modernism in favor of a return to the values and ideals of classical Europe. Riefenstahl realizes these ideals in her film by subtly juxtaposing National Socialist Germany with the pageantry and heroism of ancient Greece and Rome (with flavors of Germanic mythology). <br />By and large it would seem that most members of the public and self-proclaimed \\"film buffs\\" have never actually seen this film or at best only viewed portions of it.  Why is Triumph of the Will important? Not because it is a \\"bizarre\\" cinematic look at totalitarianism, but because it is the only occasion in the history of film that Western civilization was captured AS it was actually changing - as desperate and as painful as that process was. That said, Riefenstahl proves herself a masterful director with a flair for cultivating and building upon abstract and larger-than-life themes. She is at once experimental and bold, technique-driven and sensible. Like her contemporary, the classical sculptor Arno Brecker, Riefenstahl allows herself to celebrate the future with a colorful eye on the past. <br />Watch this film and you are watching history.
0393316041|4.0|Mr. Feynman, much like your favorite college professor, intertwines interesting scientific theories and observations with humorous anecdotes.  Through Mr. Feynman's odd mannerisms and skewed way of looking at the universe, the reader learns that coming at a problem straight-on is not necessarily the best way to come to a solution.<br />Obviously, some of the chapters (stories) are better than others.  A few will make you laugh out loud, potentially embarrassing you in an airplane, and some will cause you to scratch your head and wonder why they were included.  <br />Recommended for anyone that comes across problems on an everyday basis and needs reminding that thinking &quot;outside the box&quot; is important and can be fun.
B000023VR6|5.0|Dr. Dre continues to be one of my all-time favorite rappers, and this cd is great for any fan. My fav. songs are Still Dre, Next Episode, &amp; Forgot About Dre, featuring a great cameo from Eminem. Snoop Dogg also makes some great cameos on a lot of the songs. If you like rappers like Jay-Z &amp; Ice Cube, you'll love this cd, but if you like corny kiddie rap like Will Smith, stay away!
B00002MZ2T|5.0|This album explores all the pain and sadness one can feel after a breakup, or loss of any kind. Darren Hayes' voice can literally move you to tears, or instantly make you smile. Daniel Jones' background music, is astounding. For anyone who dismisses these guys as only balladeers, give the entire cd a listen. The songs range from despair, to teasingly fun, to looking forward to the future.<br />I love every song, that I can't give just one or two that are particularly perfect. They are all perfect. They all touch your heart and soul. What a talented duo.
630027120X|4.0|The Mission, directed by Roland Joffe is a film that will challenge your historical knowledge.  This film targets a naive audience, such as myself, and hopes to spread the truth of what happened a long time ago between Spain, Portugal and the Guarani Indians. Robert DeNiro plays Mendoza, a Spanish slave trader, whose life takes a drastic turn that will leave you surprised long after the credits. This film entails a battle between the work of God versus the power of law. In this film, unity provides a sense of hope for a better tomorrow. Beyond that, chances are taken that may cost lives.  The Mission will reach out and grab your attention, but more importantly it will leave you thinking you may not know all you should about our history.  This film will leave people with much to wonder and little to forget.
B000002JS6|5.0|ACDC is the must under appreciated rock band of our time. If you can honestly listen to this CD and not give them credit as being one of, if not the, best rock band ever, you obviously cannot appreciate true music.<br />Rock music is about power, emotion, and energy. ACDC is all of that wrapped into one. This CD features some of their most memorable songs like Hells Bells, Back in Black, and the unforgettable You Shook Me All Night Long. Probably their best CD, there is no song on the disc that won't have you dancing, banging your head, or whatever you see fit to do to dance to this music. Personally I do both, and am proud of it.
0684867621|5.0|I love Stephen King, I've read probably all of his books at least 2 times.  When I got this book for my birthday, I read the inside flaps of the book and thought I wouldn't like it.  I expected a supernatural story with vampires and ghosts and other stuff like that (but, hey, doesn't all Stephen King fans expect that).<br />I started reading the book.  It is about a 9 year old girl named Trisha, who lives with her brother and mom, her parents are divorced.  Her brother is constantly arguing with her mom because he wants to live with their dad.  Trisha's mom is always taking Trisha and her brother on family outings, despite Trisha's brother's complaints.  This is where it begins.<br />They're hiking in the woods in Maine, and Trisha decides to go pee.  Her mom and her brother are fighting so she walks off without telling one of them.  She goes off and then gets lost trying to find her way back.  I was stuck in the book thinking about what would happen to Trisha.<br />I felt sorry for her and was hoping for her to get out of the woods, but I won't tell you if she does, you have to read that and find that out yourself.  Stephen King does an excellent job of writing a real life terror story.  It made me think about various endings during the time I read it and when I was finished, I finished it in about 1:30 hours.  I recommend that you buy this book and read it.
6302763835|5.0|When scientist Leo G. Carroll begins experimenting with a growth forumla in an attempt to end world hunger, he feels he's doing the world a favor, but after an accident at the laboratory releases a rather large tarantula, that feeling soon changes as the body count rises and the tarantula continues it's rapid rate of growth.  John Agar and Mara Corday star as the Dr. and assistant to the scientist and in one of his first roles, you can catch a quick glimpse of Clint Eastwood as a US Air Force pilot.  The film is just one of many that followed the successful film, &quot;Them!&quot; and attempted to cash in on the giant bug rage, while not nearly as good a film, it is both entertaining and if you happen to have a case of arachnophobia, it can be unnerving at times!
B000003TA9|5.0|There are two camps of Sonic Youth fans, those who like the more experimental, avant-garde albums of the eighties (which were ground breaking and innovative) and the albums after they ascended to major label status starting with Goo. I like both periods actually and they have in my opinion yet to put out a bad recording, including the much underrated NYC Ghosts &amp; Flowers from last year. But I am going off on a tangent so lets get back to Dirty. With this album, the songs are much tighter, confined to a much more conventional pop song format. While this got cries of &quot;sellout&quot; and &quot;mainstream&quot; in my opinion Sonic Youth have always maintained their artistic integrity and it even shines through on this album. This album and Goo are recommended for the uninitiated before you plunge into more headier fare like Confusion is Sex or EVOL. Sonic Youth still reigns supreme. Simply one of the best. Utter genius from a band that was and still is ahead of their time. Enjoy.
B00004XONN|4.0|Though short on the guitar, people have come to expect from them. It is still great.  Very moody and ambient.  Their use of electronics is groundbreaking for a alternative band.  #1 is my favorite track.  I would recommend it to someone who wants to try something new and experimental. Probably not as good as their previous CD's, but still very good.
B000020617|5.0|At a time when great rock and roll doesn't seem to be very fashionable, Dave Grohl and his Foo Fighters are making some that ranks with the best of all time. All of the songs are great, but I think my 2 favorites would have to be &quot;Aurora&quot; and &quot;Breakout&quot;. If there is any weakness in the songs, it might be that the lyrics to some of them are somewhat vague, as if the words were thrown together just for effect, but I admit that most would consider that nit-picking. The Foo Fighters are easily the best band in rock today.
B00003CXPC|2.0|In today's professional sports, there are a lot of football players who take ballet to improve their leaping skills and speed rates, but I don't understand the entire point of this movie. I really like the character who portrayed Billy: he was a real emotional and solid character that you really had to enjoy. But, going from a sport that is about fists to a sport that is about grace made him look like somewhat of a wimp, and I don't think that was his role. Billy Elliot was to be a real winner, someone who has his mind set on success and no one has a remote chance of getting in his way. I would say that that character quality was addressed, but the movie tried to make him look like a kind of weirdo, not a sparkplug. The idea of this movie was good, but most of the movie showed him being looked at as feminine, which ruined the whole cause of the movie. <br /> The one pleasant surprise was that he didn't quit boxing because of an injury or peer pressure for the most part. All in all, it had problems staying on the correct topic, which is unfortunate and really disabled the entertainment level.
0137549202|4.0|You cannot go out in the field of DSP without having heart of the names Oppenheimer &amp; Schafer. I used the book as guiding text during my studies at the university and I frequently found the answers to my questions. In case you feel comfortable with calculus of complex variables, this book may be considered for selfstudy. If you are not familiar with advanced mathematics, perhaps you should think twice before buying this book. However, if you are professionally active in the area of DSP, you must have it in your library since it inspired many of your collegues in developping powerful applications.
157492589X|4.0|&quot;Lonesome Dove&quot; works very well at depicting the lives of farmers who had the not-so-easy life. The products of their lives are dove deeply into successfully, each character facing dramatic problems that make us care. Though not a farmer, this is very convincingly real and believable, at the same time unpredictable.     With a movie this long, you don't notice how long it is because it sucks you into it, and is one of the better westerns that the public has ever seen.
B000002O1Q|5.0|Streets of Fire is one of those movies where the movie itself may be mediocre, but the soundtrack is incredible. Fire Inc's &quot;Nowhere Fast&quot; and &quot;Tonight is What It Means To Be Young&quot; are classic examples of 80's rock and &quot;One Bad Stud&quot; is a great combination of rockabilly and swing.<br />One thing that is notable about Streets of Fire is the debt that many Japanese animation fans owe it... Streets of Fire (and it's soundtrack) were the inspiration for the anime classic _Bubblegum Crisis_.
B0000007BI|4.0|I am a rock/popster. What am I doing here you may ask? Well I listen to music for the melodies and this man was the master of sublime uplifting music. But this requiem differs from the masters usual light happy arrangements . Angels hovered over the bed of the great man as he breathed his last while dictating his final piece to his student. ( so the story goes ) Full of darkness and seriousness and strength , Mozart was understandably nervous about his impending doom and the requiem represents this . After breathing his last, the piece was apparently finished by Mozart's student Sussmayer and while perfection is left to the man 's own parts, his friend and student did stay true to Mozart's intentions as well as he possibly could . A fitting and sometimes even scary farewell from ( in my opinion ) the most ingenious composer of all time . Mozart took a peak at the heavenly realms and translated the beauty into his music .  The voice of God ?  Oh yes absolutely .
630204135X|5.0|God, where do you start?<br />For the young Bergman, it was a guy playing with a two-pronged hairpin that also looked like it had one prong. Well, he talks about this in 'After the Rehearsal' and again in Chapter 4 of the 'Magic Lantern', as it implies the illusion/magic of the reel (think ?The Face', whose silent performer-'hero' shares a surname with Elisabeth in this film)... and also the idea of conflation - the idea that characters in Bergman's films are not opposites but complements.  I mean, who else sees the squire not the knight as the true hero of the 'Seventh Seal', as he actually helps people instead of moaning?...  Or take 'The Silence', where the two sisters are so different but equally self-obsessed?...  Or indeed 'Persona'...<br />The two merging into one... The search/struggle for identity... <br />The VAMPIRE  la Dreyer  la - in turn - 'Seventh Seal'...<br />Psychology (the babies' hands - remember Bergman's obsession with his childhood) and the inadequacy of traditional psychological methods - cf. that smug summary at the end of 'World of Mariopnettes' or the SCRIPT of 'Persona'...<br />The religious/existential dilemma (the crucifiction - remember those harrowing shots in 'Seventh Seal' and 'Winter Light')...<br />The sheer aesthetic beauty of it all (the depoliticised Brechtian alienation effect)...<br />A life-changing film, anyone?
B00004XOWM|1.0|... than listen to this CD. I can't give a detailed analysis, because I've only heard a few songs from this CD, but I feel that those few songs were enough... dear god were those few songs enough. I won't even get into how Fred is a sell-out; I think we all know that already. I'll simply talk about what many people, including myself, consider to be the worst album of the year musically. &quot;Brown Sugar Starfish and the Polish Sausage Flavored Water&quot;, or whatever it's called, is a bad CD overall. Fred Durst's voice is so annoying I don't know how anyone could stand to listen to more than one of his songs without wanting to hit him in the face with a shovel... muchless a whole CD of Fred's whiny voice trying to rap. The music is bad, Fred's voice is bad, and the lyrics are absolutely horrible. I believe Fred's main goal as a songwriter is to see how many cuss words he can get into each song, which is pretty pathetic. I believe the song &quot;Hot Dog&quot; is a good example of this. The main word in this song, which is repeated many many times, is a four letter word that starts with and F and rhymes with fluck. In the song, Fred even boasts about how many times he has said that word. Maybe this song would seem cool if I were still in elementary school and just discovering profane words, but it doesn't appeal to me at all as a high school student. In summary: Bad music, horrible vocals, and childish, meaningless lyrics are all you'll find on this CD. If you like that sort of thing, then by all means buy this CD! CIG
6300182282|4.0|Every few years I pull out this video, and enjoy it again. It is fun watching George and Doris grow up over 25 years, and seeing them realize their full potential. <br />However, what I enjoy even more are the relationships between Doris and George and their spouses. We never meet the spouses, but we hear as George and Doris talk about them---the good things and the bad things. The spouses become real people and we watch over the years as George and Doris' relationships with them grow and change. I found myself really liking George's down-to-earth wife, from her accepting comment: &quot;When I married an accountant, I always thought his eyes would go first. . .&quot; to the way she turned a potential social faux pas with an ambassador into something quite different(to George's embarassment!). And then there's Doris' bewildered husband...
B00003CXFV|2.0|The Hollywood push for Roberts as best actress seemed to come when word leaked out that Ms.Roberts swore with gusto during this picture. Yes, that she did, albiet poorly. I am a Julia Roberts fan, However if you want to see her shine buy Notting Hill, if you want dramatics see &quot;Sleeping with the Enemy&quot;. This movie offers nothing more than a few profanity laced diatribes, Roberts in clothes that are so tight you almost wonder if the director is poking fun at the real woman being portrayed. She has no chemistry whatever with her biker boyfriend, her best chemical reactions are with Mr.Finney, a man several decades her senior. That chemistry is what offers a thread of saving grace, as Mr.Finney and Ms.Roberts are wonderful together. Rent this if you need to see if the hype is right, but spend your DVD dollars on a movie you know you will enjoy.
B00004U2A1|4.0|Evil Dead 2 is one of the best sequels I've ever seen.  First of all, how many sequels are made just to make fun of the first one? Okay, Scream 2 and 3, I'll give you those, but the whole Scream series owes much to the Evil Dead Trilogy.  My personal favorite scenes are, first and foremost, the scene where Ash's evil hand breaking the dishes over Ash's head, and then dragging his body toward the butcher knife.  When I first saw that, I could not stop laughing.  And then when he traps the hand in the trash can, stacking heavy books on top, and the top book is &quot;A Farewell to Arms&quot;.  My other favorite scene is when the deer head and various pieces of furniture and appliances start laughing at Ash.  But Ash shows his dry cool wit with such one-liners as &quot;Groovy&quot;  &quot;Here's your new home&quot; and my personal favorite, &quot;Swallow this.&quot; And the featurette &quot;The Gore the Merrier&quot; had lots of funny moments.  The only reason it gets 4 stars instead of 5 is that while it may be good, Army of Darkness is the best of the Trilogy.  Thank you.
B0000007BI|5.0|I am a rock/popster. What am I doing here you may ask? Well I listen to music for the melodies and this man was the master of sublime uplifting music. But this requiem differs from the masters usual light happy arrangements . Angels hovered over the bed of the great man as he breathed his last while dictating his final piece to his student. ( so the story goes ) Full of darkness and seriousness and strength , Mozart was understandably nervous about his impending doom and the requiem represents this . After breathing his last, the piece was apparently finished by Mozart's student Sussmayer and while perfection is left to the man 's own parts, his friend and student did stay true to Mozart's intentions as well as he possibly could . A fitting and sometimes even scary farewell from ( in my opinion )the most ingenious composer of all time . Mozart took a peak at the heavenly realms and translated the beauty into his music .  The voice of God ?  Oh yes absolutely .
B00005221M|4.0|This is my all time favorite film (with the best movie soundtrack I have ever heard), I must have seen it over 15 time and I still look forward to watching it again... However, what were they thinking when they edited the last fighting scene between Magua and Chingachgook? They could not have done a worse job... in my opinion by making it less 'violent' they have spoiled the film's for those who have seen the original. There were scene alot worse through out the movie (when Magua takes the heart... need I say more?) so why edit the most memorable scene of thes the film.<br />On the positive side, this film has an extremelly good soundtrack, the music is so atmospheric... Anyway, the DTS is a real bonus as this soundtrack on DTS sounds fantastic.<br />On the whole, if you've seen the original you'll be annoyed at the ending. However,if haven't seen this film you'll like it very much, especially with the DTS soundtrack.
B00004XOWM|1.0|... than listen to this CD.<br />I can't give a detailed analysis, because I've only heard a few songs from this CD, but I feel that those few songs were enough... dear god were those few songs enough. I won't even get into how Fred is a sell-out; I think we all know that already. I'll simply talk about what many people, including myself, consider to be the worst album of the year musically.<br />&quot;Brown Sugar Starfish and the Polish Sausage Flavored Water&quot;, or whatever it's called, is a bad CD overall. Fred Durst's voice is so annoying I don't know how anyone could stand to listen to more than one of his songs without wanting to hit him in the face with a shovel... muchless a whole CD of Fred's whiny voice trying to rap.<br />The music is bad, Fred's voice is bad, and the lyrics are absolutely horrible. I believe Fred's main goal as a songwriter is to see how many cuss words he can get into each song, which is pretty pathetic. I believe the song &quot;Hot Dog&quot; is a good example of this. The main word in this song, which is repeated many many times, is a four letter word that starts with and F and rhymes with fluck. In the song, Fred even boasts about how many times he has said that word. Maybe this song would seem cool if I were still in elementary school and just discovering profane words, but it doesn't appeal to me at all as a high school student.<br />In summary: Bad music, horrible vocals, and childish, meaningless lyrics are all you'll find on this CD. If you like that sort of thing, then by all means buy this CD!<br />CIG
B00003CXDG|1.0|This move can be summed up in one word:Horrid. Another big budget action pick that stretches belief to the limits and flounders because of plot failure. I saw MI:1 because of Jean Reno, Jon Voight, and Ving Rymes. Even with these great actors that movie was tripe. MI:2 continues in that vein. Despite my dislike of the first, the critics were kind to this picture and I, mistakenly was lead to believe that this plot would be, if not good, at least decent. I was mislead. The plot is so overblown that it moves off in paths only tangentally connected with the opening premise. The acting, even Rymes, is horrible and the directing is even worse. John Woo may have had a distinct vision when he burst on the scene, but it is now apparent that it is myopic at best. All his calling cards are here: Black leather coats flapping in the breeze, pigeons fluttering in the background of action scenes and enough slow motion to choke a horse. If that were not bad enough the fight scenes are so overly dramatized that, even a Woo fan, has to wonder how ordinary humans with stand this type of pounding and live, never mind with no visible ill affects. This movie is just Hollywood trash, so discard it like you would an old pizza box, because it is just as empty.
B000002JOH|4.0|The song &quot;Walk&quot; expresses to me that every once in awhile, people get on your nerves, and you just want to tell them to step off!  I feel strongly that this song says exactly that.  The whole Vulgar Display Of Power album is hard, heavy, and relates to everyday life.  It's not about religion, it's about the terrible things that people do in life, sometimes to other people, and to themselves.  I give it a high rating of 4 because Pantera shows the emotions in their songs that others may think are too risky to elaborate on.
B000031XCR|5.0|I love this CD I listen to it every day and I never get tired of it. It has a combination of different sounds. My favorite song are &quot;My Heart Will Go On&quot; and &quot;That the Way It Is.&quot; I have many favorites. You should get this Cd it is great.
0066620694|5.0|I have read a number of technology oriented business books, and this one is perhaps the best.  It applies well thought through analysis to non-obvious theories and comes out with valuable insight.  It is well written and easy to follow.  I also find that is comes up often in dicussions.
B000001FTQ|5.0|If you were to distill the best of U2's music from their entire carreer into a single record, it would be the live version of &quot;bad&quot;.  It is a rarity with respect to all pop music in that it is a very restrained performance with near studio polish, combined an energy that builds to the proportion of a stadium of people.  This record is a demonstration of U2's signature mix of cool intellectualism and warm romanticism.  It justifies my pretensious acolades.
078324228X|5.0|That Mr.washington was again only nominated for an Oscar, and not the recpient is a shame. This movie was wonderful from go, and those who qubble over the legal details and law officer portrayal need to step back and watch the movie unfold. Mr.Washington is intense and convincing as Mr.Carter, and I was impressed with the depth of changes he convayed as the film went on. Moreover,the brief boxing scenes look, sound,and feel more real than any boxing movie ever made,save for Raging Bull. The plot is spliced into many parts because the real story is just as intricate. Did the director ignore some facts and embelish others? More than likely,however this is BASED on a true story, not a documentary on Mr.Carters life. If those who quibble feel so strong about the left outs, than why is there no foul cry about the lack of prison life portrayed. Surely that was a sorrid way to go through 20 odd years of your life, yet Carter is portrayed with the right mix of hope,dignity,and bitterness by Mr.Washington. Buy this movie for all it does right, and it will lift your spirit.
B00004RFCM|5.0|Although I did not begin watching Sex and the City at the beginning of the first season, I have seen a few of these episodes before and I could watch them over and over again. I have also read the book by Candace Bushnell after becoming a huge fan of the show and I loved it as well. The person in charge of casting is simply brilliant (and fabulous!) Keep up the fabulous work. PS. Love, love, love...Chris Noth!!!
0679746048|3.0|I'm left feeling like I've only been told part of her story, and while the part she told was often quite good, the part I feel the book lacks strikes me as even more important, and I feel she got fuzzy when she approached it<br />Good points:  interesting, witty, clear portrayal of life inside a mental institution and inside the head of a mental patient; she very clearly delineates the different characters, each has an obvious and unique personality and their interactions are interesting; also, shows how vicious and unhealthy and non-restorative mental health professionals and overall life on a ward can be<br />Bad points:  I felt the one character whose character was NOT nearly so well explained as the others or explored from a wide perspective was hers; it's like, she left that to all the diagnosing and hospital note pages, but she never seems to really hit on the core of who she is in the same way she characterizes everybody else.  Also, I don't know why she didn't get into it, but she barely even touches upon her family issues, it's like, they're all but non-characters, and I think that's a major minus for the book.<br />Along these lines, by calling the book \\"Girl, Interrupted\\" and saying her \\"musical\\" life was interrupted at eighteen, it implies her life (which at that point was her family life) was okay and that she was really the victim of the mental health field.  Well, I would agree that she was the victim of the mental health field, but I would say they were actually the secondary victimizers - the real ones were her family, and by her not exploring that aspect in the slightest she simply lets them off the hook, and confuses the reader as to who's primarily at fault.  Even a few clear paragraphs or pages of scenarios about the sick truth of her family (and don't tell me they're not!) would have improved this book immensely.<br />Finally:  it strikes me that lacking the real oomph to explore her family issues and out them, kaysen turns the tone to a sort of semi-comedy, almost like she's making another futile protest against unlistening nurses and doctors.of semi-comedy, almost like she's making another futile protest against unlistening nurses and doctors.
B00005613Q|5.0|This album rocks.  It is so easy to listen to and gets better every time you give it a spin.  A pure pleasure !!!
B000050XEI|3.0|Let's face it, the wait wasn't worth it for this one.  Enya says that she goes to great lengths to work on her compositions, providing layers and harmonies that are very pleasing to the ear.  I really wanted to like this CD as much as others, but found that the music was rather dull and uninspired.  I did play cuts 2 and 3 on the radio, but other than those, the CD sounds like the background material on many of her other releases.  If you are a die-hard fan of Enya's then by all means go for it.  If you want to try out her music go for &quot;Watermark&quot; or &quot;A Day without Rain&quot;, not this one.
B000006E4C|3.0|Many other reviews comment generally on the beauty of this piece.  Here are my concise views and recommendations: -The new Reich ensemble recording on ECM (and also on vinyl)..., but slow and less organic than others available (e.g. the ECM recording).  The sense of the overall tapestry of the work is diminished by the close miking one hears throughout.  Certain little blips or phrases are artificially highlighted for too long.  Too bad, because re-recordings of other works (such as Music for Mallets, Voices, and Organ) also seem to ephasize individual instruments above an overall wash from the ensemble without picking up on little bits of phrases from one instrument too much. Recommendations: --For a first listen, the ECM recording is essential.  It preserves the sense of this piece occurring in a performance space.  Having heard the piece live twice, the role of reverb and the concert hall is considerable.  Only the ECM recording comes close to hearing this piece live. --If you want a dead-on reading, with maximum clarity of each line, I recommend the Ensemble Modern recording.  Their performance is closer to what seems the natural tempo.  Their mixing establishes the interplay between the parts very clearly without &#34;artifically&#34; highlighting certain parts too much, as seems to happen in Reich's second recording.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Who thought director David Fincher would ever be able to best his career over the amazing Se7en? Well, I didn't. I wasn't expecting this to be any good. But it was more than good. This film was turned out to actually be masterful, hip and expertly crafted.<br />Brad Pitt and Edward Norton are both confident and experienced actors. Here they prove that they will carry on to be some of the most watchable character actors of our time. Pitt is extroadinary as Tyler Durden, a guy with a twisted philosophy, and Norton is amazing as Jack's body parts, or, in simpler, the narrator. We never know until the largely unexpected end which is possibly one of the greatest twists in film history. Helan Bonham Carter also proves she is one of the most capable British actresses at the moment.<br />Prepare to be blown away with this incredible flick overflowing with brains and thrills.<br />Fight Club: A+
B000056VIY|1.0|Hey Jennifer:  MOOOOOOOOOOO The best lyric ever:  &quot;What I need from you is not available in stores&quot;
0316548189|4.0|A vivid story of a great man. This book contains a point of view that we tend not to look at. It is a long book but every page of it is worth reading. It also has some interesting histotrical facts. A good use of language and a real page turner
0790734060|5.0|If you've ever wondered what Mozart was like you've got to see this film. Even if Mozart was not like the character in this film you'll still think that Mozart should of acted like Tom Hulce. The movie is filled with Mozarts music and the acting is great. It will have a place on your shelf as one of your favorite.
1558908374|2.0|I remember seeing 101 Dalmatians back when it was first released in 1996, and I was sure I'd enjoyed it. What bought back the memories was seeing a review of it in a magazine, so, I decide to go and rent it from the video store. Well, second time round, 101 Dalmatians was a a total let-down and I think I must of been drunk to like it the original time I'd seen it.<br />Glenn Close is very watchable in her fall-into-bucket-of-poo state, but the rest of the team are largely miscast in roles which have put cheesier smiles on their face than you can imagine. The dogs are pretty cool, as they are in the sequel, but this film remains entirely pointless, it's just the dogs doing exactly what the animated one's did, except they don't speakm, and Cruella been a touch more likeable than in the Disney version.<br />Sometimes entertaining, but unnecessary and annoying.<br />101 Dalmatians: C-
0792844793|1.0|Someone needs to tell David Lynch that the way to get subtlety and metaphors across to your audience is not to hit them over the head with it. Blue Velvet is brilliantly acted by nearly all involved, with the exception of Laura Dern, who manages to deliver one of the worst performances I have seen in a long time. One of the chief ways of making Blue Velvet an effective movie was for the director, Lynch, to make a noticeable difference between scenes in light and scenes shrouded in darkness. This would convey the theme of what lies beneath suburban America. However, in the light scenes, the dialogue is so ridiculously contrived, that it is impossible to care at all about the characters involved. Here, Lynch has made a movie with something to say, unfortunately the way in which he says it is uninteresting and at times, pitiable. The actors in this film are excellent, and to me represent the only reason anyone should ever see this movie. The characters created by Rosselini, Hopper, and Mclachlan are played with genuine feeling and emotion, something rarely seen in modern cinema. These actors, however, are left with a script that is struggling to make sense of itself. Many have said that Blue Velvet is one of the most significant films ever made. If Lynch had managed to pull of a halfway interesting approach to a fascinating theme, I might be inclined to agree. However, the script is atrocious, the direction and technical aspects of the film poor, and the story, honestly, is not at all interesting. Some reading this review will charge that I simply &quot;didn't get the film&quot;. The problem isn't that I didn't &quot;get&quot; it--I did--but that the film was so poorly made that by the end, I just didn't care.
B000056N8X|2.0|I, myself, have been a avid Highlander fan for quite some time.  I love the first and second one...the third a little less.  Endgame seems to land somewhere in between them.  The movie tells the tale of the two main Highlanders, Duncan and Connor Macleoud.  In this one a source of immense evil has come for their heads and they must stop it at all costs.  The movie flip flops back and forth at times.  Going through the two of their lives from early Scotland to Germany during the war.  As a fan, I want to say I was let down.  I love Christopher Lambert and Adrian Paul does a decent job during the film.  The one thing that saves it were the greatly planned out sword fighting sequences.  But still, I felt like I was watching an elongated episode of Highlander on USA.  Check it out if you're in the mood for some action.
0140177396|5.0|Time after time steinbeck has been able to tell a story and capture my attention with great words which flow off the pages. Mice and men is a great story of two men and their lot in life. You'll laugh and cry as you read this tale. And it will challenge you to ask questions you never though were there to ask.
B00000K31Q|4.0|I wasn't really too keen on seeing 10 Things I Hate About You, because I had previously seen She's All That at the theater - which looked exactly like this - and it wasn't exactly impressive. But, wow, 10 Things I Hate About You was a pleasant surprise!<br />This movie will be the cast's high point. Julia Stiles messed up with Down to You and Heath Ledger put a wrong foot with The Patriot. But, at least we can look back in a couple of years time and remember there delicious on-screen presence. The script is imaginative and laugh-out-loud funny, and there is alot of touching, romantic parts of this film which actually give it a subtle side, providing the audience with alot of chuckles as well as tissues. In short, this wee gem has more than 10 things to love about it, and less than 5 to hate.<br />Although flawed, 10 Things I Hate About You remains extremely recommendable teen fun which all interested film-goers should rent on a Friday night.<br />10 Things I Hate About You: B
B00000K19E|5.0|Back when The Matrix was released on DVD, it was THE DVD to own.  It is still very impressive, and simply a &quot;must have&quot; in any serious DVD collection.  The movie itself is a wonderful meshing of popular culture and religious themes, the acting is superb, and the action is thrilling.  As a computer professional, I am particularly drawn into this film, and can't help but love the way that this movie elevates a talented computer hacker to super-hero status.<br />The special effects are ground breaking, to say the least.  But more importantly, these effects are used solely for the purpose of telling the story; they are not gratuitous in any way.  No effects are included that don't make sense within the context of the film.<br />The matrix is one of a small class of films that successfully tells a story on many levels simultaniously.  Fight Club is another movie that pulls this off brilliantly.  For the first part of the film, you are not quite sure what is going on, or who to believe, or who to trust.  The characters are enigmatic and larger-than-life.  Once the secret is revealed (what &quot;the matrix&quot; is and it's implications), the previously enigmatic characters are developed more fully, and the main character (Neo) begins to grow and change.  His life and purpose from then on closely parallels that of Christ, including the fact that, in order to reach his full potential, he must die and be resurrected.<br />If you have been living in a cave for the last two years and have not seen this film, I strongly recommend that you at least rent it and decide for yourself if it speaks to you.  But watch it several times before making up your mind, so you can fully appreciate all of the layers and aspects of the story.<br /> Movie: Story -&gt; A, Action -&gt; A+, Effects -&gt; A+<BR> DVD:   Transfer quality -&gt; A+, Extras -&gt; A, Feature utilization: A+
B0000074FL|5.0|to the reviewer, &quot;iv&quot;, it's not john sykes that plays on this killer disc, it's snowy white, get it right!
0140186409|5.0|In his own way steinbeck has captured the true picture of what was going on in a time of great suffering. This story has forever captured what our grandparents went through. Listeb to the voice Steinbeck has called uo from the past and experance the true story of suffering and survival.
B00000J2KX|5.0|The late Stanley Kubrick made some of the best pictures we have ever seen. His 1980 project, The Shining proved to be a big hit with the critics, and also proved that Stanley can do anything: comedy, drama, thriller, war, and in this case, terrifying and classical horror.<br />An exceptional script from Stanley and his impressive co-writer are one of the key elements in this movie. It's engaging, it's intriguing and it has never been done before, making it a truly original film as well as a horrifying one. The actors are quite amazing, Jack Nicholson in particular in the most underrated performance of his career, and kiddo Danny Llyod manages to be believe every time, he follows Kubrick's instructions expertly as expertly as Scatman Crothers, an underrated actor with something about him that makes his characters so immensly watchable. The only actor who was pretty miscast was Shelley DuVall, who jumps on everything Nicholson says and comes off more as a child awaiting her suspension from school than a trapped, terrified soul. Other than that, Kubrick's direction and Nicholson's shouldering of the film make it one of the most engaging horror films of all time.<br />The Shining is a must-see for all Kubrickian's, as well as most horror fans who look for more in films than just gore and jump-frights.<br />The Shining: A
0812567110|5.0|A tale of beuty, love, innocence and cruelty.  Wilde did a wonderful job of telling the story of young Dorian Gray, a timeless beuty that never shows his age and whose face never displays his sins.  He betrays close friends, is fuel for many a suicide, is down right cruel and unfeeling to any of his numerous loves, is selfish and self immersed; yet his young, beutiful face never shows a trace of ill being.  Being in a room with him, drowns anyone with pleasure, peacefulness and charm- it is impossible to look at his face and believe that someone so sweet and innocent in looks would commit any of the evil he is rumored to have done. Instead of himself being affected, a portait of him as a young man endures the strain of his uncouth behavior.<br />This timeless tale, set in England at the turn of the century, would be an excellent story line for any modern novel and would make a wonderful movie.  Wilde's writting style is proliferic, poignant and delightful.  It captures the language of the time period, yet was easy to read and easy to relate to.  Wilde conveys the evil of the aestetic world and how it can drive one to stop at nothing for fear of losing it.  And though he hints at such controversial topics such as drugs and homosexuality; it is neither detailed nor graphic; and is only slightly touched on.  Throughout the novel, Wilde creates an image and lets the reader fully develop it for himself.  I absolutley adored this book and highly reccomend it to anyone.  Not for a moment did I think it dull, or too wordy.  It is a very easy read (which is difficult to say of such a classic), and incredibly enjoyable.
0792151712|1.0|This movie is all sex. After seeing Leo Dicaprio's version of &quot;Romeo and Juliet&quot; I decided to watch Titanic. First, this movie was waaayyy too long it got boring and dragged. The only part that was good was when the boat started to sink because thats where the action was. Second,there is too much sex in this movie..which should be rated R instead of PG13. I brought my 11 year old cousin to watch with me, thinking that it was going to be decent enough..well i was wrong.  Rose and Jack meet each other for a day and all of a sudden the next day they instantly fall in love and have sex...and more sex..and more sex...and more sexx. So much sex in movies nowadays, and Titanic just adds to the list. They had sex more than one scene throughout this movie.I was so embarassed to bring my 11yr old cousin with me.Well after watching LeoDicap in &quot;Romeo and Juliet&quot; Titanic is exactly like this. After watching various versions of Romeo/juliet movies, I wanted to leave..there is no originality in this movie, in fact I think its even stupider than any Romeo and Juliet movies. The only thing why I think people came to see this movie is because it had the ship &quot;Titanic&quot; in it or leo. Yes the costumes were great and the acting and scenery/effects were ok too, but it was the plot, the story, the bad script. And what the heck kind of dialogue is &quot;Never let go..&quot; creative dialogue? HA! This isnt what I call a true romance movie..A true romance movie wouldnt need so much sex in it like Gone with the Wind-not a single sex scene and just MORE THAN ROMANCE with a man, but hardship of war and a woman trying to survive, and the dialogue is something out of a novel..very beautiful/poetic. I also recommend you watching &quot;Untamed Heart&quot; (original characters, creative plot, SOMETHING DIFFERENT, NOT AN ORDINARY ROMANCE MOVIE) or check out &quot;You've got Mail&quot; a romance movie that doesnt drag, isnt long, nor not just an instant I love you movie..the characters fall inlove, they didnt &quot;instantly&quot; want each other/something creative. Titanic is a wannabe Romeo/Juliet movie that is only good once, a second time just drags.This movie isnt something you want to treasure. Not to mention they left out some real-life passengers in this movie that was important to Titanic. This movie is mostly fiction, dont count on any part of it being true..except that the ship sank.
B00000K19E|5.0|Yeah, yeah, everyone has asked himself, usually as a child, whether life is just a dream, but this movie takes this banal concept and runs straight up walls with it!  Breathtaking scenes and unbelievable special effects give this movie gloss and the coolest look of any movie in recent memory.  There's a huge reason why everyone buys this movie when they buy their first DVD player: it screams to be viewed in surround sound and crisp images.<br />And if the special effects reviews don't sway you, the acting will.  These actors LIVE techno cool, in their full-length leather coats and sunglasses, even the shocking way they appear after they &quot;go down the rabbit hole.&quot;  They inhabit their characters in ways few action movie actors bother to do.<br />You MUST see this - and you'll want to see it more than once, a good reason to make this a purchase and not rent it.  Although the concept and look may be too weird for the more conventional viewer, everyone talks about this movie.  You'd better see it just so you can join the conversation.
B00000J7J4|5.0|leave it up to carlos to put together a neat little package that combines his heavenly guitar playing with the likes of other great talents such as rob thomas, dave matthews and everlast.  there is not one bad tune on this disc!  simply fantastic.
B000002LGA|5.0|If you didn't speak english and heard this album, you'd be struck by the incredibly beautiful melodies and might even think it's an album of love songs. When you layer on top the tragic imagery that Lou's lyrics create, you realize it is an album of love songs. But the love is tainted like a spiked hit of heroin. This song cycle tattoos Gotham City on your eardrums in the same way the movie Taxi Driver stamped the Big Apple all over your retinas. Both capture a town that can't be pinned down and hold it up to the light so you can examine its horrors, lost souls and exquisite flaws. And in the end, like a walk through the mean streets at midnight, I'm left feeling strangely invigorated. And glad that I live in California.
B00003CWL6|5.0|Finally an Oscar winner with some teeth!  I watched this movie several months ago, and approached the whole thing with an open mind, which was probably a good idea as this is not a conventional film in many senses, that's maybe why it's so good. It's the story of a normal dysfunctional suburban family, could be like many others. But the lead character suddenly, rebels, breaks the stereotype and in doing so refuses to be downtrodden anymore. If you like it's about the rise and eventual fall of this anti-hero and how anyone of us in the that situation could do the same. It has the feel of a few other recent movies following a similar track; Fight Club would be another example of this, another one of my favourites. As with this film it asks the question \\"Do things have to be this way? And why should we live as others would see us and want us to be\\" Definitely a refreshing change from the usual strain of mainstream movies, and the fact that this film was awarded an Oscar is proof of that.  It's not a bitter movie, as the story may suggest, it just emphasises the things around us that over time we may have forgotten. The main character if you like awakens from a slumber of the last 20 years to finally see and appreciate the simple things around him which can give his life purpose. It's a simple idea, but then the simple ideas make the best movies, and this is one of the very best. Watch it whenever you can, it's a simple complicated story of human nature.
B00004Z4WQ|3.0|This would be a great movie to watch with a large group of people. THere are far too many, shall we say, disgusting parts to actually sit down and watch this one on your own. While Scary Movie does have its moments (The I know what you did last summer (or Halloween) scene is great), there are enough other problems to overshadow the funny parts. Had they left out most of the sex jokes, it would have been a much better movie.
B000002ADT|5.0|This is another classic jazz masterpiece and  probably one of the most beautiful jazz albums ever created.  This Davis craft is quiet, subdued and introspective yet energetic.  It features Miles with John Coltrane, Bill Evans, Cannonball Adderley and it captures one of the most simple and synchronistic group improvisations ever recorded.  Miles, with his trumpet, speaks to your soul in a most musically articulate, pure and creative way.  Kind of Blue  takes you beyond listening.  This is spontaneous jazz you FEEL.
B00003CXN4|5.0|I wanted to see this film on opening day.  It's been a while since then, but I finally got around to seeing it.  It's one of the best films I've seen in a long time.  The three storylines came together almost seamlessly, creating an epic film of the war on drugs. The great camera work added an edge to the film; it helped put you &quot;there&quot;.  The different locales each had different hues, also a nice touch.  Benicio Del Toro was also magnificent. The best part of the movie, however, is the one storyline involving the teenage girl.  The harsh reality of  drug addiction is displayed here in incedible realism.  High-class teens are the target here, as told by one of the kids in the film.  He couldn't be more right. Watch the film and you'll understand.<br />The references to the school and locations in Cincinnati are true-to-life as well...just a nice little extra for those of us who live around here.<br />Great film.  That's all I can say...
B00004W55E|5.0|What can I say, except powerful.  This album is one of the best that I have ever heard.  Her voice is so wonderful and so unique...made for lyrics such as those in the song, &quot;I Forgive You&quot;.  She touches the heart.  She not only expresses her individuality on in this album...she helps me to exprss mine!
B000002C2E|5.0|In my opinion, clearly Dylan's best work ever.  When Blood was relased, it took people time to realize the greatness behind it, and I feel the same with this album.  Maybe not tomorrow, or even next year, but in the future people will look back at such songs as &quot;Not Dark Yet&quot; and &quot;Trying to get to Heaven&quot; and realize what great music there is on this album.  Finally, Dylan's VOICE is what adds to the greatness of this album.  The tired, burn-out, kinda sad tone, I believe no one could sing these songs as well as he did
B00004Z459|5.0|Not like others I havent heard the single, one step closer, but From the reviews on this cd, I decided to give it a try and bought it. no need to say, this cd is the only cd I'm playing in my car, home, comp whatever. It's absolutely incredible cd, various styles which combine together to one masterpiece cd. The two vocalists idea proves itself no doubt, I think it's a corner stone in the contemporary music, in this genre specifically. All the 12 tracks each are amazingly good, but my favorites are, 4.crowling.5.runaway.1.papercut.2.one step closer...anyway you got the idea, the whole cd is good. Purchase this MUST have cd now! I just hope Linkin Park already started working on their sophomore release.
6300185311|4.0|I am a newcomer to Doris Day films. An 80's child, I grew up thinking she was the queen of cheese based on things I'd heard about her films. I'm so glad I took my best friend's advice and checked her stuff out. This particular duo, Hudson, Day, and Randall are now on my fave list for comedy. The comedy here is real - not chock full of unnecessary sexual connotation and scatological references. Don't tell me films about people who are already married and trying to stay together are boring. Hudson and Day are proof of that. The script in this film is great - far more original than anything I've seen lately. Hudson is a hypochondriac who mistakenly believes he's been diagnosed with only a few weeks to live. The film's play on hypochondriacs is great in and of itself - right on the nose about this type of personality! His task to find a new husband for Day weaves a great web of complicated misunderstandings that leave you rolling. The film is full of great detail. I particularly like the way the filmmakers actually found someone to make Rock Hudson look small and puny - the scenes between Hudson and his wife's &quot;future husband&quot; are hilarious. My husband almost choked watching this hulk of a man trying to climb out of a fashionable little sports car. Ladies, my 27 year old husband liked this film as much as I did. I don't think any man could sit through the conversations between Hudson and Randall without a good laugh. I highly recommend this trio for anyone ready for a good script, and a good laugh.
