0375826726|1.0|Even though Eragon was poorly written, I still liked the story.  Eldest was quite bad, but somewhat tolerable.  So when Brisingr came out, I was willing to give it a chance, after all, I had already invested my time and hard earned money on the last two books.  I honestly thought that Paolini was going to get his act together and write a fun-filled final book.  But no, lo and behold we get a really, really, long and boring book, lacking on all aspects.      In addition, to my utterly disappointment, it was not even the originally promised last trilogy book, it had been converted into a never-ending commercial let's-try-to-make-some-quick-money endeavor, called the Inheritance series.  What a shame, he could have saved this story.      Seriously, reading this material was quite painful. After about a fourth into the book, I just started skipping whole pages, since all but about the same amount was all that needed to be written in the first place.  There were long narratives of nothing important, just garbage.  The fight scenes were awful, the dialogue poor, but Eragon's whinning was worse.  Only the last 20 pages were important.      So now I am torn, not just because I don't even now if I will purchase the last book or not, but if I will even read it at all.  My recommendation, skip this book completely and just wait for the last one if you are really intent on finding out what happens at the end.
B000YJ85VS|5.0|This was an excellent read.  It was entertaining and moved very fast.  He provided a lot of information about how we thought and the ways we thought.  If you are even remotely interested in how the human mind works, this is an excellent read.  We are not the rational animals that we think we are and this book points out all of our lovable quirks.
B00008EY65|5.0|Ok....with Golden Army, um Hellboy II for those unaware, just under a month away from it's DVD release I thought it would be nice to go back and review the one that started it all. First I got to tell you I love Hellboy Comics and if you have never sat down to read one of these gems or a TPB (Trade Paperback...again for the unaware)...then you really are selling yourself short.  You need to get past that whole comics are for kids hang up. Because while Hellboy comics are fun and the way most comics should be produced, but arent (hint hint Marvel and DC)...they are most assured not your child's fair. Anyway....back to the movie. First off How can a movie be anything less then great when you mix Demons, Nazis, Chic's in flames, Monsters, End of the world, and for a lack of a better word...a very proper english talking and walking fish stick. I won't bored you with some long drawn out review discussing camera angles and lighting....there are those reviews here keep scrolling.  I'm here to tell you without spoiling the plot...if you haven't seen it....then buy it.  Do you like scary movies with a touch of humor? Do you find yourself after watching a \\"Super-Hero\\" flick that was good, BUT you found it lacking...too many unanswered questions??  Or a Superhero flick that felt like you were watching an hour and a half toy ad??....Well, get ready for something completely different!  You will enjoy Hellboy...it is an Amusement Ride for your brain.  A well thought out movie with very good character development, and on top of that excellent acting.  The movie doesn't leave you lacking, the special effects are A+ and you don't have to wait 30 to 45 minutes into the movie before you ever see the main character.  Anyway....Rent it, Buy it, Download it.....just take the time to see it. You won't regret it.
B000001ESJ|3.0|This is the record where Rush officially became a progressive rock band. And of all the Rush albums I have, this one has to be the least consistent, albeit not the least successful. If we ignore the first three records, this one has Rush's most successful (Xanadu) and least successful (Cygnus X-1) extended compositions. It also has one of their most memorable (Closer to the Heart) and one of their least memorable (Madrigal) songs. Add a pretty good opener (the title track) and another average track (Cinderella Man) and you have the definition of a three-star album. I am glad that I got this, because the good stuff makes it worth the price of admission. XANADU in particular is just marvelous and worthy of all the praise I've seen heaped upon it by Rush fans over the years. However, if you're new to Rush, any of the next three records (Hemispheres, Permanent Waves, or Moving Pictures) would be a better place to start.
0375703764|3.0|It was odd..... very odd....  Couldnt stand the footnotes by that johnny guy though
0375826726|5.0|I read 2 reviews of this book after I ordered it, and was not really looking forward to reading it. The reviews I read were somewhat negative. I am currently in the middle of this book, and find it as fascinating as the first 2. Christopher Paolini, for his age, is a wonderful writer, and I am a die-hard SCI-FI/Fantasy reader.  This book grabbed my attention from the minute I picked it up, and I have no trouble with Eragon constantly feeling guilty over killing, I think any normal person would have feelings like that, and if they didn't, then they're not human!  Keep on writing, Mr. Paolini, your books are great!
0307346617|5.0|Loved it, even more-so than the survival guide.  Would recommend to anyone who likes anything(especially zombies).
1596434252|5.0|The title is misleading, as it implies that the number three is included. It is not.<br /><br />A careful inspection of the book shows that all 26 letters are included here (including the often overlooked 'Q'). In addition, they appear to be in the proper order, including LMNO.<br /><br />For anyone needing a complete directory of the alphabet, with the added benefit of learning the order, this book is highly recommended.
1400049628|5.0|Im confident that I could protect myself from the innevitable undead plague now!!!!11!Thanks Max Brooks! d(^__^)
B000NVIXDW|5.0|I guess I have totally been lost in this world. First I was way behind on cd collecting, forgot The Motels altogether and Michael Buble is fantastic. I have been hearing someone perform Michaels song Everything and Im hooked, fascinated to collect everything by him as a recording artist without trying to hear more of his music. Im finding myself in days and months to come and adding another chapter in my book of my life, Im moving on and going forward, not backwards. Doing it with The Motels and Michael. I want Everything.
B000OPPBEQ|5.0|Awesome set of movies on blu-ray...      \\"Most standard dvd players nowadays have a feature that lets you upscale a standard dvd to 1080p. So you can enjoy your old dvds in maximum resolution on a high definition television. You can find the standard dvd versions of these 3 movies, and buy them for about $40 grand total. So you would be paying an additional $40 to own this blue-ray set. It's NOT worth it!!!\\"      just fyi upscaling does not compare to blu-ray AT ALL, it barely helps old dvds... sorry but if you believe that than your either in heavy denial or ignorant.
B00192KCQ0|4.0|So the long awaited, Death Magnetic, is now here. In previous discussions about the upcoming release of this album I found it hard to get excited or even care until somebody told me that Metallica was supposed to be returning to their old form. After purchasing the album and listening to it a number of times already...I have to say that the rumor was right. This album freakin' ROCKS! After years of disapointing, sub-par releases from Metallica, they are finally back.  This latest release is a nice combination of ...And Justice For All meets the better parts of the original Load album.           One thing you notice right away is the song structure and length. It seems back to the roots of nice heavy, memorable riffs and great solos, accompanied by the gritty vocals of Mr. Hetfield. In the recent past, the songs seemed to just be random, experimental guitar playing with melodies that never really flowed together (a few exceptions). These songs on Death Magnetic flow baby! And they are longer, with most songs tracking in at between 6 and 9 minutes long.          With a few of the tracks like All Nightmare Long, This Was Just Your Life, My Apocalypse, and The End of the Line, you could almost swear they were previously unreleased tracks from ...And Justice For All. The heavy guitar sounds from that album are replicated nicely in the new offerings.         Also back is the long instrumental. Suicide & Redemption is a nice track with killer riffs and solos everywhere. Don't expect something as good as Orion though.          Now this album is great, but, yes there is a small but, there is no truly amazing stand out, 5 star, songs like on Metallica's earlier releases. (ex. Fade to Black, Master of Puppets, One, ect.) However, most all of the songs are as good as the next best tracks on the earlier albums. One way to put it is that the album consists of a lot of 4 star songs that kick your [...].          One other small negative to mention is that even though the drums sound better on this album than on St. Anger, Lars still sounds a wee bit like he is playing in a tin can as opposed to the nice heavier tone of the drums on And Justice For All & Metallica. A small gripe, but the drums could sound better. They are played great however.          I can't say enough about how pleasently surprised I was by this album. I felt a flame rekindled that had not been there for nearly 15 years when I listened to Metallica. I am one of those who thinks they started declining after the Black album, though some songs on Load were great. Reload, meh, it was okay I guess, and St. Anger was pretty close to just being bad. But, better days are here for Metallica fans. If you don't have it already, pick this baby up and crank it to 11, and be careful of those neck injuries.    I say 4.5 stars for this one.
0375826726|4.0|I really enjoyed brisingr and my hopes are high for the next book. Yes the plot moves slow, but that's understandable considering where the plot is actually going. Some have said that there is no plot at all...which would be the case if this were not intended as a 2-part book. There is no grand climax but it was clear before publication that the climax will not be until the next book...which is where i find my disappointment. I fervently believed this should have been the final book as we were promised it would be from the beginning. After movie 6 to harry potter was moved to next summer just to make a few extra bucks, i firmly believed that was the cause for this book being split. That said, i think all things in the book were relevant to where the plot may be going, but only if Paolini can tie up all the loose ends.     My biggest fear is that many of the sub-plots will become another 'severus snape' from the potter series...that is, tied up with one small chapter that leaves the reader wholly unsatisfied and disappointed after investing so much into that character. if paolini can tie up all the loose ends in the next and FINAL book, then this book will have been very relevant and i'm glad the series was extended. otherwise, i'd like my time and money back.
B000KKPN5C|4.0|As versatile as the SB-600 is, the SB-400 is a much less intimidating start to flash photography for the beginner. Using the 400 opens your eyes to the possibilities of bouncing and diffusing the flash. When used in the manual or priority modes on the D40 (and D40X), it is also a great introduction to manual flash settings. With this inexpensive flash, you can learn to bounce, diffuse, and balance ambient lighting.<br /><br />Once you are done with this, you can then go on to Strobist-style off-camera flash photography and spend all that money on the 600s and the light stands, etc.<br /><br />NB The SC-28 cable allows you to take the 400 off camera but it more than a few bucks.
B0015FML06|5.0|I was so happy to see this was finally released on DVD - great quality! It brought back memories of watching the concert for the first time in junior high. The CD/DVD come in a little hard-cover book with info/photos of the band/concert. Pretty cool!!
0141439610|5.0|Wilkie Collins (1824-1889) was a good friend of Charles Dickens. Dickens asked him to contribute a serial to the journal \\"All the Year Round\\" of which he was the editor. This all occurred in 1859. The result is one of the first of the so-called \\"sensational novels\\" so fetching to middle class Victorian readers.<br />  The Woman in White takes gothic elements and entwines them into a mysterious web of intrigue set in a middle class typically English landscape of nineteenth century life.<br />  The book is told using the multiple narration method. Most of its over 600 small print pages is told by the artist Walter Hartright. Walter is hired to teach drawing to two half-sisters at an estate in Cumberland. He falls in love with the blonde Laura Farlie while he becomes good friends with the plain sister Marian Halcombe. Laurie disappears one night and is placed in an insane asylum by her evil husband Lord Percival Glyde. The motive is to receive Laura's sizable inheritance. Glyde is assisted in his evil plot by Count Fosco an Italian aristocrat. Fosco is one of the most fascinating bad guys in English Literature. He is witty, well-educated, rotund and has several exotic pets such as white mice, a cockatoo and canaries. Laurie is kidnapped and replaces the mad Anne Hathrick in the asylum where she is eventually rescued by Walter. Walter weds Laura and Marion remains a spinster.<br />  The plot is very complex featuring forged marriage records, abduction, duplicity and murder<br /> Twos are important to Collins. There are two evil men in Fosco and Glyde; two good women in Marian and Laura and two estates-Limmeridge in Cumberland and the sinister Blackwater Park the residence of Percival Glyde.<br />  The book also has many interesting minor characters presnting a realistic portrait of life in upper middle class British society. The plot will keep you guessing and the various narrators keep the reader alert. Not all the narrators tell the truth!<br />  The dullest person in the book is Laura! Walter is, in my opinion, a ninny for not marrying the much brighter and more loving Marian Halcombe.<br />  Collins style is similar to Dickens and his novel will give you many hours of reading pleasure.Walter is, in my opinion, a ninny for not marrying the much brighter and more loving Marian Halcombe.    Collins style is similar to Dickens and his novel will give you many hours of reading pleasure.
B001DHXT1G|5.0|I love this movie! It had a lot from the TV series; it had a Frankenstein feel to it which was beautiful!  This film truly captured the Incredible Hulk.   We finally get to see Hulk as the lover, the hero and the monster!  It's just sad that the movie did not do well enough to do a sequel.  So to all those who made this film possible,   thank you for bringing one of my favorite superheroes to the big screen,  the way it was meant to be experienced!
B0019X3ZZY|1.0|Half way through this movie, I became sick and disgusted. I pull it out of the DVD player and cut it to small bits and threw everthing in the garbage.<br /><br />The movie is \\"Bruttus\\" (ugly)! And should remain ban.
B001DTPZNY|5.0|For nearly two decades, I heard fanboys whine and complain that a fourth Indiana Jones picture would never come. Then something changed... the movie got announced, and then fanboys didn't want it anymore. Granted, much of this was backlash against Indy creator George Lucas for his less than stellar Star Wars movies. Not that I can entirely blame them, when you put something on as high of a pedestal as the original Star Wars and Indy movies, anything new is bound to disappoint.     Now, what I'm trying to say here is that a lot of the people went into the film with a preconceived notion of what they wanted and expected, be it the astonishing or the damning.    That wasn't so with me. I went in only for the love of Indy. I love the characters, and I expecially love the film world's blend of the historic and the fantastic. But I did go into the film with 3 criteria under which I would find the film enjoyable.    1) Does Harrison Ford still pull off the roguish archeologist? That would be a resounding 'yes'.  2) Does the film deliver the action? Another 'yes sir'.  3) Does the film have the same wit and charm that the original films did? That would be a 'hell yes'.    Because for me, an Indy film isn't about the macguffin, or the effects, or even the beleivability, it's about the character and, beleive it or not, having fun.    But... I guess we really have to discuss those things we well.   The macguffin: The Crystal Skull plays a very similar role in the film as the Ark of the Covenant or Jones Sr.'s Diary... it's obtained fairly early on, and much fighting is done to repossess it. I thought they did a decent job at trying to groud it's alien nature in factual archeaology (the Nazca Indians referenced in the film really would bind their infant's heads to elongate their skulls in honor of their gods, and really did create giant pictographs in the earth that can supposedly only be seen from the air) which, as far as I can tell, is the first time an Indy film has used actual archeological facts as clues. (Could be wrong on that, though. Maybe there really was an extremely old Sir Richard and a crystal that can create a laser to point you to the true location of the Ark.)    Then again... much like I feel that the true macguffins of the Last Crusade to be Jones Sr. and his grail diary rather than the grail itself, I'm of the personal view that the true macguffin of this film is in fact Marion. In essence, she was what he had to find, to save, and to discover the secret of. The real point of the film I feel was to get to that ending, to get Marion and Indy back together and solve the biggest flaw in the original series, which was that when the Last Crusade was set after Raiders, it ended the series with Indy and Marion apart...    The effects: Some excelled, some faltered. Which isn't really different than some of the rest of the films for me though. Unless you really, really thought the large snake and rhino horn from the Last Crusade train chase look realistic, and that the leap from the lion's head wasn't THAT distractingly bluescreened in.    The beleiveability: About on par with Temple of Doom, to be honest. I know that's not the most beloved Indy film, and maybe that's where the problem lies with this one for many. As fas as I'm concerned, surviving a nuke in a fridge is just an extreme take on TOD's surviving falling from a plane in a rubber raft. And the alien thing, which I know rankles the 1/4 of people who didn't like this movie, I personally find to be about as likely as, say, a fast mine cart race with no apparent propulsion, or an immortal knight, or a cultist that can somehow bypass your ribs to rip your heart out, or the notion that people in India really eat monkey brains, or that a man can survive falling several stories by falling through a series of awnings WITHOUT breaking his ribs, or that after several centuries of disuse, the boobytraps in a forgotten temple will all still work and do so without fail. (Let's face it, the movies aren't that realistic to begin with. Complaining about anything unrealistic in an Indy film is like complaining that there's some sort of sugary substance on your Frosted Flakes.)    I should probably wrap this up now, huh? To sum up... Ford was Indy again, and no matter what else happens in the film, that's what you should be happy to see.    4.9/5 Stars.
B000LPS47U|5.0|I bought this movie based on the recomendation of a clerk at a dvd store(just like bubba ho tep)and again im glad i listened to him.this movie has everything a horror fan like myself and others love...lots of gore, the story is great and it keeps your attention.jeffery combs shines in this movie and this is gonna be the movie he is remembered for.the director does a great job of convaying everythings thats happening with out confusing the veiwer.if your a fan of horror on any level just this movie out,its one of those dvds that belongs in everyones collection and im glad i have it mine so i can enjoy it over and over again.
B00003CXBH|4.0|I was interested in seeing \\"The Mission\\" when it first came out.  I didn't realize that it would take over 20 years before I finally was able to take it in.  It seems to have aged well but, then, most historical epics usually do.  I was overwelmed by the magnitude of the cinematography.  The falls that we revisit often in the film were worth the price of admission.      The film tells of an historic event in which Jesuit priests created some missions in an area around Brazil's southeastern border.  The time was around 1750 during which Spanish and Portugese settlements were expanding and civilizing.  The Jesuits expand their missionary work to a remote area as we start following the story.  The underlying motives of the settlers and the priests are in conflict and Rodrigo, Robert DeNiro's character, is a man who switched between the two factions.  We get the general idea as to what will happen.  The same thing always happens in these circumstances.  After a lot of talk and frontier diplomacy, conflict ensues and the film ends with a sense that the next generation will have to regroup further into the jungle.    Much of \\"The Mission\\" was quite compelling.  The dialogue between the priests and the Cardinal was interesting at times and predictible at other times.  I was bothered by the director's failure to consider that the children that had significant roles in this film did not age.  It left the impression that the incredible transformation from \\"savage\\" to converted and cultured took place in less than a year's time.    This is a movie that makes many people mad at \\"civilization\\".  It really is hard to figure out who are the good guys and, I believe, that was intential.  It may be that there isn't more than one who fits that title.  Maybe that's too many.
B00009YXHN|3.0|I bought this movie because i love the first reanimator.i saw this wasnt directed by stuart gordan but i was gonna watch it anyway.its a good movie but the story lags a few times.the gore and stuff are good though but this dvd version is the absolute bare bones,although i hear there a special edition you can buy used on amazon.i recomend this movie to fans of reanimator because it expands on the story on the first and you can see what happens to the characters after the end of the first film.its not a bad movie just not a classic like the original.
B001FBSMW6|5.0|I love Keane's two previous albums and their overall sound and feel. You can imagine how surprised I was to buy Perfect Symmetry and pop it in my CD player to hear \\"Spiralling\\" (which I've never heard before) I was a little disappointed (Where did my old Keane go? This is so 80's!) but I gave it a chance since I spent $10 on it. After listening to it for awhile, the CD has really grown on me. I now really like \\"Spiralling\\",\\"Playing Along\\" and I LOVE \\"Love is the End\\". If you take time to listen to what the songs are saying, the old Keane is in there. You just have to listen!
630460291X|5.0|I loved this movie when it came out. I had to have it...I am fan for romantic movies.
1569474680|1.0|Sorry but this book is a joke. Not worth the paper it is printed on and certainly not worth the money I paid for it<br />You have a worm of a woman who wants to flee her husband and mother-in-law with her new born baby. To avoid the control they assert she concocts a convuluted story that her baby has been abducted and replaced with a stange baby. Nobody acts like they believer her.<br /><br />The husband turns into a sadist (some scenes are just too childish to swallow): he won't allow her to go to the bathroom, he makes her undress in front of him, he makes her eat on the floor without utensils like a dog.<br />The effect is more comical than psychologically thrilling. The husband is just not believable in what he says or does.<br /><br />Then you have a clever detective who, after a couple of meetings, becomes obsessed with the wife. Again, unbelievable.<br /><br />The whole story comes across as if it is written by an eighht grade girl, in maybe 1975, who wants to WOW her less intelligent peers.<br /><br />Sorry but this book is so dumb and I am so sick of wasting money on bird cage liner.<br /><br />I beg you to get it from the library if you must read it.
B000WTBMBK|5.0|There was once, a long time ago, a cd called The Orb's Adventures Beyond The Ultra World. Well, ever since I did not hear any cd that came close to the fantasy and imaginative way of making music like that.   It is like reading a good book and in this book i see before me a little human.  This little person is carving his very own cathedral in a distant place and underground where no one could find him. A beautyful cave it has become made from grey'ish marble where the material doesn't reflect so much the bright source of light that seems to be coming from nowhere.  The beauty of this music is the contrast between the dark atmosphere and the text which is not much but very to the point with hairraising innocense and beautyful effects on it.  Adding this cd to my collection, the whole collection seemed to make more sense all over suddon so yes, dive into the deep and don't forget to come back.
0060763280|5.0|Who spilled the beans???  Well the one and only author of \\"The Secret of the Millionaire Mind\\" spilled the beans, that's who!  Once you read this book you'll discover once and for all what The Secret of a Millionaire Mind really is!!!  Most significant information for transforming your life, and taking the next step to move forward into manifesting your prosperity!    Judging by the high numbers of people that are purchasing this book I would have to say that \\"The Secret of the Millionaire Mind\\" is not a secret anymore.    I'm most certainly thankful that I heard about this book!!!    Another great book is:     Nexus: A Neo Novel, an enlightening novel by Morrison & Singh    [[ASIN:0978107004 Nexus: A Neo Novel]]
B001CD6FKI|5.0|Wow! This film was everything I wanted it to be. I remembered see the horrible trailers and still being drawn in to see it. Unfortunately I didn't see it in theater because I allowed my boyfriend to talk me out of it, NEVER again! I saw the film in Blue-Ray and ate it up. I won't summarize the film because you can find that info. elsewhere.     First of all the imagery was out of this world, and I think it should have been. This film is literally a cartoon come to life, so the colors are very saturated and intense, but for me it wasn't distracting, it let me know how this film was going to be approached and it allowed me to leave the real world behind and enjoy what was unfolding before me.     The characters, ALL of them, where so endearing. So people said that they were two dimensional, but I didn't feel that way at all. I don't feel that people need to 'fall' and realize their mistakes to be real. I love the fact that Speed is true to himself and what he believes in and fights for that. I love that Trixie loved and accepted Speed for who he was. That his parents where adults and allowed their kids to have their own lives and believed in them. And Spritle and Chim-Chim were fun characters, they were never annoying to me. I love the fact that you have good-good guys and bad-bad guys. I feel that America movie industry is turning more dark in theme and America loves it and wants it to go that way. This feel is very uplifting and inspiring for me and because it breaks the mold people get mad.    I think the film was PERFECT in its length, nothing should be taken out. To understand the characters and why they make the decisions they do, you need that interaction with them, I LOVE all the races, they are visually stimulating and have enough on-the-edge-of-your-seat action. I think it is strange that people say they could sit through it all because I see people and hear people set through TV show marathons, or watch shows that are 1 hour shows back to back all the time.The music is perfect for the film, it gets your motors running, excuse the pun. It allows you to know what is going on, which characters to look out for and such, but with out being in your face about it. It intensifies the drama and the action. Great all around.    I think this movie should be seen at least once, if it doesn't grab you then fine, but at least give it the chance it deserves. I believe this movie will become appreciated more and more as time goes by. I feel like it's legs where cut from below it before it had a chance to prove its self because of poor marketing, bad release date, and people just adverse to it, not knowing or having seen it.    *stand up and pumps fist* GO SPEED! GO!
1591396190|5.0|[[VIDEOID:28085811]]Jake Olsen's review was made as part of a critical review assignment for the Fall 2008 Honors Colloquium on Creative Destruction at the University of Nebraska at Omaha, taught by Art Diamond.  (The course syllabus stated that part of the critical review assignment consisted of the making of a video recording of the review, and the posting of the review to Amazon.)
B001C08RHA|4.0|sound effects are expectedly (in this day and age) superb, the visuals are top notch, especially for a movie that involves a lot of \\"metal\\".      if I can nitpick, there was that scene where Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr.) appears on a magazine cover (I think it was Newsweek) as he turned 21, and the magazine cover title says \\"Tony Stark Takes Reigns at 21\\".  It should be \\"reins\\".  I find it hard to believe Newsweek, even in a movie, would commit such misspelling.    I do have a problem with the reactor on Tony Stark's chest, though.  This is the one that requires suspension of disbelief.  Since it is right in the middle of his chest, what happened to his breastbone/sternum?  what keeps his ribcage up?    In his first test flight, he gets slammed into the wall, but shows no ill-effects. apparently, not even the reactor sitting between the upper and lower halves of his sternum gets rattled.    For all his genius, he cannot hack into Obadiah's computer and needs to send Pepper on a spying job.    For all their leading edge technology, Stark have no technology for removing shrapnel from a man's chest?     He gets shot down by a tank! If all tanks are that good at shooting flying objects, we'd have no need for separate anti-aircraft guns and missiles.  Ironically, in the next shot, the tank misses when Iron Man sidesteps the shot. Wow.    Filmmakers must hate the F-22 Raptor.  In both \\"Transformers\\" and this movie, the performance of the plane is rather disappointing.
0385483821|5.0|[[VIDEOID:28061371]]Ross Olsen's review was made as part of a critical review assignment for the Fall 2008 Honors Colloquium on Creative Destruction at the University of Nebraska at Omaha, taught by Art Diamond.  (The course syllabus stated that part of the critical review assignment consisted of the making of a video recording of the review, and the posting of the review to Amazon.)
B001BJ690Y|5.0|Strike what I said in the title. This IS the best Quentin Tarentino film. This is the film he left his Blockbuster Video career behind to make. This is better than Pulp Fiction, by far. Every character is engaging, and the story is layered well, and laid out in the best possible way.<br /><br />My only complaint with this Blu-ray Disc release is that they didn't take the opportunity to give us Region 1 folks the uncensored version of the Bride's fight with the Crazy 88s. In the Japanese version, this scene is in color. In America, they made it black & white to cut down the gore level to R-rating standards. You'd think that Blu-ray would be the ultimate version, especially this long after the movie's initial release, but NOPE. It's the same version you'll get on DVD; Just better looking.<br /><br />It's still amazing, though. Get both volumes and make an evening of it.
031606792X|4.0|It cannot be easy to love someone that is just as likely to kill you as he is to kiss you, but the release of Breaking Dawn, the fourth installment of Stephenie Meyer's Twilight series, by Little, Brown and Co., reinforces that young love can last under the most strenuous circumstances.     When her story began, 17-year-old Bella Swan had just moved to the cloudy town of Forks in the Olympic Peninsula when she met the mysterious and seductive Edward Cullen. Drawn to him despite his odd demeanor, Bella's tenacity soon uncovers his secret: Edward is a vampire, living with his \\"family\\" among mortals though the scent of human blood is painful to resist. Bella and Edward's mutual attraction proves too tempting and they begin a dangerous journey as they attempt to sustain a relationship that could become deadly at any moment.     The Twilight series is the Harry Potter of the fantasy romance genre. Like J.K. Rowling, Meyer's wildly successful first novels have reached millions. Her books have taken girls of all stages of life away from the excesses of the modern world and taught them to love reading again. This skill came in handy as readers across the globe tackled the 754 pages to find out what became of the star-crossed lovers.   As part of her promise to Edward, Bella prepares to become \\"Mrs. Cullen\\" so he will allow her to become a vampire. The wedding is beautiful and surprisingly uneventful. The real trouble starts after a blissful honeymoon is cut short and can only end with a battle for their right to live from the high authority of the ancient vampire clan known as the Volturi.     The bigger twist, however, is in narration. After three books based solely in Bella's mind, her best friend/werewolf Jacob Black returns to give the readers a literal piece of his mind. The appeal of Meyer's writing style lies in her flawless characterization. The distinct flow of dialogue and thoughts make up for the lack of action that accompanies the struggles of the supernatural.So when chapter 8 is introduced, not with a single word to accurately summarize the scene as Bella's chapters do, but with an assessment: Waiting for the Damn Fight to Start Already, readers can delight in a fresh voice.    Even without the page reading \\"Book two: Jacob,\\" the reader becomes instantly aware, and often amused, at the change in voice. His \\"book\\" does not include a table of contents and the preface begins with the cynical quote \\"Life sucks and then you die,\\" and continues to interject his commentary, \\"Yeah, I should be so lucky.\\"     Adding to the broader spectrum is a (finally!) clear look into the world of vampirism. Vague glimpses into magical society are expanded upon as readers explore their world by experiencing bloodlust for the first time, meeting a diverse cast of Carlisle's friends with strange new powers and even learning vampire politics.     Breaking Dawn could be categorized as a disappointingly idealistic fairy tale if the characters didn't have to sacrifice so much to get to their happy ending. There is a consequence for every action, and there is never a sugar-coated way out. Decisions have to be made that tear people apart to keep a greater good alive. Bella and Edward have to choose whether they would die together in a fight they cannot win or divide their new family in hopes they can save a few members.    One thing to remember is that this story works because it includes vampires. It would be unwise to use Bella and Edward as a model for a healthy relationship. Single-mindedly following after a teenage (well, technically) boy you've just met and then deciding he will be your soul mate for all eternity is not something that usually works out in this realm. Enjoy this tale for the addictive piece of fiction that it is.     The series has a wide female fan base because the books focus on the romance between Bella and Edward. Girls will relate better simply because Bella is the heroine and the book is written through her eyes. Thereare violent situations associated with the vampires and wolves protecting Bella and a little cursing sprinkled throughout the book in addition to a very light and tasteful illusion to what happens on their honeymoon. Even so, the book is tame enough to be enjoyed by readers young enough as thirteen.   These books are all about an impossible relationship that the characters risk everything to make possible. Breaking Dawn is great because it follows the series by throwing every possible danger at Edward and Bella to test their commitment to each other, justifying their love when the couple conquers that menace.     What's more, Meyer saves the biggest threat for this latest book, one that expands the focus from the narrow watch over Edward that Bella gives to the entire mythical community, vampire and wolf alike. Excitement is inevitable as the potential for a war brews and anticipation for the climax of this book easily eclipses the other three.     Then, in a book with so much potential to be the best in the quartet, Meyer proves a tease by over-simplifying the conflict resolution. The final page concludes with Bella and Edward's happily-forever but the threat is not gone. Temporarily tied but not gone. \\"The end\\" should read \\"to be continued.\\" She gives readers a fantastic Twilight fix but the book will deprive you of the satisfaction of a finished series.    At its conclusion, Breaking Dawn is a vivid storyline that begs to be reopened. She already began a draft of Twilight through the eyes of Edward called Midnight Sun but after an early draft leaked on the internet she has put the project on hold indefinitely.
0316779237|4.0|Try to imagine David sitting next to you, bathed in the twinkling glow of the tree, telling these stories to get the full effect.
B000WMEAKC|5.0|Colorado-based band OneRepublic had a hit single long before the November 2007 release of their Dreaming Out Loud album. In April 2007, music man Timbaland came out with the CD Timbaland Presents: Shock Value, featuring a remixed version of a song the band called \\"Apologize.\\"     Knowing the song that flooded the airwaves and officially made the five members a hit, however, does not mean you know OneRepublic.     The band was officially formed in 2003 by singer/songwriter/musician extraordinaire Ryan Tedder, who came fresh from the music production business under the tutelage of Timbaland. When OneRepublic began, they struggled for success and, according to their official website ([...]), almost quit after a failed contract with Columbia Records. The band attributes their perseverance to the encouraging audience they gained on MySpace. When Timbaland created his Mosley Music Label with Interscope, he signed them on as his first rock band.     OneRepublic lives in the mellow neighborhood of alternative rock somewhere between The Fray and Coldplay. It would be enough if all the band had to offer in Dreaming Out Loud was their seamless sound. But the unique energy put into every track is what keeps the album from sounding like 13 versions of the same song. \\"Tyrant\\" has a frantic anger that seeps through the stereo while \\"Won't Stop\\" is a light-hearted song with a softer melody.     The original version of \\"Apologize\\" is a testament to their dedication to creative sound. Castanets, string instruments, and the clapping of hands to keep the beat make the song that of somber regret rather than the dance hit it's become.      Not only does singer Tedder have an amazing range that he controls masterfully, he uses it to pour soul into every song. The simple, often confessional, rhymes he sings convey sincerity. By the end, I felt as if I'd just finished reading his journal.      My favorite song on the CD, \\"Come Home,\\" is a slow, sad song about someone longing for their better half who is away fighting the war. Tedder's lyrics are sweet and innocent as he wonders why solving hate is so hard. It's very easy for me to get choked up when I hear \\"right now there's a war between the vanities, but all I see is you and me, the fight for you is all I've ever known, so come home.\\"     \\"All We Are\\" admits in a determined voice that it takes time to get love right. Nothing can stay the same but there is no reason to give up because we know how good it can get if we stick around long enough. It isn't a fairytale about the perfect relationship, it's about the devotion it takes to stick it through.     This band does not need to swear or be obscene to be heard so it's safe to share with Grandma but still fresh enough to listen to in the car with the windows down.    Listening to Dreaming Out Loud is almost a spiritual experience. There is a soulful song for every mood that skips the theatrics to get to the crux of the issue. Almost a year later, I can still listen to this CD on repeat and feel a different appreciation for it each time.    OneRepublic unites us by sharing the most basic human emotions: love, excitement, helplessness, regret, and determination, and showing us that we aren't so different after all.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|Spectacular footage pulls out all the stops. The idea of sending out teams to record wilderness before it disappers is both tragic and typically human. The documentary captures many \\"never seen before\\" moments not likely to ever be seen again like the polar bear killed by the walrus. Not every episode has blood and gore, many glory moments are glorious time lapses or breathtaking helicopter passes, but every show takes the viewers to the ends of the earth - literally. The bonus footage of the film crew emphasizes the scale of the memorable project.
0375826726|3.0|Brisingr was good, but not quite up to previous standards.  I think Paolini had too much to say for three books, but not quite enough for four.  So, three ended up padded with too much detail.  The making of the sword, for instance, seemed to go on and on and on and...
0307346617|2.0|This book is alright not many stories stick out of my mind. The details are nice it's just to forgettable. I don't remember most of the book and when you think about it, that doesn't make a good book. If a friend has it borrow it but don't buy it. Get this instead: [[ASIN:1400049628 The Zombie Survival Guide: Complete Protection from the Living Dead]] from same author but better
0394800192|5.0|This book was in GREAT condition!  It arrived quickly and I am very happy with my order.
0316066524|3.0|Couldn't hold my interest. Typical of a good wordsmith who is preoccupied with his own mind. He lived inside his own head where he played and suffered. I realize he committed suicide, someone should have helped him open the door to his own interior preoccupation so he could come out and play. Easier said than done, I know, but reading his mental wanderings is exhausting.
0307383415|2.0|This is a well written book by very articulate and insightful man. Growing up with his white mother and later with his white grandparents, the author appears to be absorbed by his \\"blackness\\" and by the continuous process of finding himself.  He definitely does not dwell on his \\"whiteness\\".      It is quite apparent that the author is drawn to his African roots to \\"try to understand\\" his ancestry.  With his father procreation habits, there is apparently plenty of opportunity.  While reading about his \\"identification\\" with Malcolm X writings, one can clearly see the racism of the author's views.      After reading the book, I found myself wondering what exactly were the dreams of his father.  Apparently he was generous and wanted to provide for everybory.  This, however, is quite common attitude among alcoholics.      It is clear, that the author sees the world through Africa.  It appears that in his view most problems of the world are caused by greedy white folks.  Given the level of education he received, I am amazed at his total lack of understanding of what Western Culture accomplished and how it was done.
B000VL9XE2|5.0|I am no good at writing reviews. I'll start with that. Anyway I had no idea what this album would be like. Never listened to DEP before and just kinda picked it up on a whim based on the fact that they are \\"mathcore\\" on wikipedia. I got something so much better. This to me is amazing Technical/Experimental Rock/hardcore/metal (whatever). I love the album starts off quickly with Fix Your Face and Lurch then slows down into Black Bubblegum and Sick on Sunday (old school fans apparently hate that? heh, too bad). The pacing is pretty much amazing like that all the way through...hardcore into awesome industrial-esque? into another hardcore song.<br />On first listen I was like \\"wtf everything is so short with these weird parts in between the songs\\". Second listen \\"this is sweet\\". Third listen, no thoughts, just rockin out.<br />I can't speak to old school DEP fans...I can't speak to fans of whatever genre this is supposed to be in. But if you are like me that you like hard stuff and like it when an album changes pace on you and keeps you on your toes while still delivering some amazing technical guitar work and awesome screams (yes with, god forbid, SINGING mixed in as well), then I would most definitely check this out. I can foresee this being in my car's cd changer for quite a while.
0684865130|3.0|By wrapping his story in the context of war, Heller amplifies our tendency to treat others as a means to an end and to interpret our surroundings as intentionally hostile to our own objectives.      Does Heller say more than this?  Probably, after all, he introduces a lot of colorful characters, albeit most superficially.  But it takes a lot of patience to wade through his oxymoronic prose and roundabout narrative style.  At times I found this entertaining; at others I did not.  It was probably during these latter instances where I missed the book's other messages on love, capitalism, war, sex, and everything else that others have gleaned from its pages.  Admittedly, war is tragic, and sometimes life seems pointless and self-defeating, but as Major Danby explains near the end, sometimes we just have to focus on objectives larger than ourselves.     In short and in an attempt to imitate Heller's style, I would describe Catch-22 as a comical and tragic book that uplifts and depresses you.  Its constant absurdity is transcended only by its momentary seriousness.  Would I read it again? Parts of it, most definitely.  The whole thing, probably not.
B0018QOIXU|5.0|Being a stereotypical gay teen, I LOVE & idolize artists like Madonna, Britney Spears, Jennifer Lopez, Jewel, Cher... the list goes on.   So listening to something so acoustic like this is occasionally out of my norm, although i do love listening to contemporary and oldies.   It took me about 5 times to absolutely fall in LOVE with the emotional \\"Chasing Pavements\\" by watching the touching music video.    19 is defiantly a standout of 2008, the lyrics are poetic and moving, the rhythm and overall feel of the album is completely gorgeous.     If Adele doesn't get nominated or as a matter of fact wins the following at the '09 Grammy's, I will have lost ALL FAITH in the Academy.    BEST NEW ARTIST  BEST SONG- Chasing Pavements  BEST ALBUM  BEST FEMALE VOCAL     Adele, if you are reading this you should know that you have created one of the most touching albums, AND I COMPLETLEY ADORE YOU!!!!!     Every song is an absolute dream, and her voice, Oh my god!! it's soulful, it's powerful, it's everything that a diva is made out of!    ADELE I LOVE YOU    19 by Adele-(1000!!/10)  THIS ALBUM IS A MUST LISTEN!!!    My Top 5 (it's really hard to choose but)...     1.Chasing Pavements  2.Melt My Heart To Stone  3.Make You Feel My Love  4.Right As Rain  5.Cold Shoulder & Hometown Glory    AHHHH It's so hard to choose favorites because the whole album is Gorgeous!!
B00005JPO1|5.0|We saw this movie when it first came out.  I have to rate it a five-star because of the entertainment value, especially.  After reading the previous reviews, which made me think if a movie is clean, lacks constant swearing, lacks blood and guts, then it is of less value.  The reason I like Indiana Jones movies is because they lack all of that bad stuff that really decreases the value of a movie in the long-run.  This movie made a fine continuation of the previous stories, and I found it to be something I would enjoy watching over and over again. I thought the special effects were great.  Cate Blanchard added a new dimension to Jone's nemesis-style enemies.  Karen Allen came across as her usual character, though better.  She matured this character well through this movie.  This one proves you can have a thoroughly entertaining movie without all of the tiresome, aforementioned junk that permeates most movies nowadays.
B00021R7CG|5.0|Remember watching this when it came out on tv...and have wanted to find it and have it in my collection ever since!!!!
0316153834|3.0|Well written with good dialogue and good character development.  Some things were predictable, like the defense lawyer getting killed and the newspaper reporter being the killer.    The plot was good and the story moved along well.    A good read.
B001F2W4Y2|3.0|Hey, what a surprise...Black Ice is a pretty good CD. I am enjoying the tunes a lot more than I thought that I would. And 15 songs...wow.<br /><br />The CD starts off with a bang with Rock and Roll Train and ends with a rocker with Black Ice. In between you have that familiar Brian Johnson era, AC/DC sound.<br /><br />It great see and hear all the original boys that recorded the classic [[ASIN:B000089RV6 Back in Black]]. One might say that the boys are Back in Black for Black Ice, no? While Black Ice is a solid rock album, it is so what you would expect.<br /><br />Back in Black was a magical comeback after Bon Scott's death. [[ASIN:B00008WT5G For Those About to Rock]] was great. After that, AC/DC's music was good, but more like \\"background party music\\" good versus \\"man, this album rocks\\" good. Sure there were some standouts on their post 1981 releases...but nothing close to the (Producer) Mutt Lange days. Black Ice has not bucked their trend of good, but not great, CD releases.<br /><br />So if I were AC/DC, and I was to release a CD, I'd make an exclusive deal with a major retail outlet where the outlet had to buy enough CDs to have the disk go Platinum from the get-go...without really ever selling enough CDs to earn that status.<br /><br />Don't go rushing around to Wal*Mart to try to get your copy. However, if you have a party coming up and want to put on something that everyone will think that they've heard before, but really just makes a good, familiar background sound, Black Ice might just be your fix.
B00005Q4CS|5.0|Elegant and melancholy, Requiem is an unsettling drama that is as beautiful visually as its subject matter is depressing.<br /><br />Each scene is excellently framed and contrasts in lighting, colors and settings allow the film's mood to parallel the highs and lows of the character's circumstances. As their predicament spirals out of control, and they shed the last vestiges of dignity and restraint, the film hurls you into their darkness - a chasm of moral bankruptcy, hopelessness and decrepitude.<br /><br />Requiem approaches the material with an objectivity that often feels brutally cold, but it handles the characters with a tenderness that makes their already mournful fates emotionally crushing for the viewer. The film does not offer us the comfort of a happy ending, so don't expect to go home smiling.<br /><br />The movie ultimately ends on a note that is starkly (and unavoidably) anti-drug, but this is not a preachy movie with some hidden moral agenda. The objective here is not to highlight the evils of drug use, but to mourn the human cost, weighed in hopes dashed, lives derailed and loves forsaken. This is after all, a requiem, a rueful ode to dreams buried and lost forever.<br /><br />The Directors Cut DVD is the only version you should consider buying. It contains the full unedited version with mature material that was removed from the watered down theatrical version. Not a movie you'll watch often, but one that will always resonate when you do. Highly recommended.
B001GN6WVQ|4.0|This product is great but your price is WAY OFF!!  A new one at the store (and I have checked a number of them including Toys R Us, Target, Walmart, etc.) is only $399.  I usually trust Amazon not to rip people off, but the price of $649 is ridiculous! The item is still in the stores, so don't by it here!
1401359418|4.0|Have you ever wondered why some people seem to be much luckier than others? Why do people believe that a piece of jewelry or clothing can bring good luck? Why do they feel the need to avoid things that they consider harbingers of bad luck? In this delightfully written book, Dr. Richard Wiseman shows that good mental health - not superstition - determines good luck. He highlights four of the fundamental psychological principles that lucky people instinctively follow to generate good fortune in their lives. He promises that by keeping a \\"Luck Journal\\" and following the exercises and questionnaires in the book, you can gauge and nurture the source of luck in your life. This book reveals how good psychological habits and positive action can bring good fortune into your life. Wiseman presents his thoughts in a fun way, with entertaining anecdotes. getAbstract recommends this fresh self-help book to those who want to improve the quality of their lives or, in other words, get lucky.
0446579939|5.0|Great book.  A little different from others he has written; but, it doesn't disappoint.  Highly recommended.
B001AX9DT0|5.0|This album is amazing from start to finish. He is absolutely brilliant. He could sing the phone book and it would blow me away but the wait was definitely worth it. Some of his best work yet. A gret variety on this cd and a good change from his past albums. I can't get enough of it!
B001DE29SS|5.0|The first time this came out on DVD was in 1998 I believe. The new release differs in the sense that it's a cleaned up print and that it's also enhanced for 16x9 televisions, where as the original wasn't. If you watched the original on a wide screen TV it was letter boxed. As far as special features go for this one, there's about 3 new featurettes that are less than 10 minutes long as well as some home movie footage of Charlie Chaplin and of course a trailer.    Unfortunately there are no deleted scenes. I suspect that this release has come out only due to Robert Downey Jr's rise in popularity again. But it's good to see it on DVD with a cleaner print and enhanced for today's televisions. I have given this a 5 star rating because it's a good film none-the-less and a must watch for fans of Chaplin.
0385340990|5.0|Juliet Ashton is on a promotional tour for her recently published book. Life in 1946 London has its challenges but thirty-something Juliet is a buoyant young woman. She receives a letter from a Guernseyman named Dawsey Adams who is in possession of a book of essays by Charles Lamb that had belonged to Juliet; he wants her help in obtaining a biography of Lamb. Their correspondence blossoms and she grows fascinated with the story of Dawsey and his friends, their island's occupation by German troops during the war, and the group they call [[ASIN:0385340990 The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society]].<br /><br />Eventually Juliet travels to Guernsey to dig deeper into the islanders' stories, intending to write a magazine article -- which expands in her mind to a book, if she can find the center around which to write it. She finds that center in Elizabeth McKenna, accidental founder of the Society, now gone to a wartime prison for harboring a runaway \\"slave.\\"<br /><br />Authors Shaffer and Barrows tell the story entirely in letters written by Juliet, her publisher and friend Sydney, her old school friend in Scotland, the people of the island, and assorted other characters. The action is well-choreographed and the book is full of humor and pathos. Everyone wants to tell Juliet stories of the long, hard occupation, the pain of the children being evacuated, and the entirely human need to brighten the dreary days with novelty -- the Society of the book's title.<br /><br />Books in letter format have the disadvantage of holding the reader slightly at arms' length from the characters; we only learn what they tell us. These characters are loquacious and open, which is a good thing, but the constant switching from one voice to another takes its slight toll. The plot is well laid out though the development of the more complex themes suffers from constant shifting first person; perhaps a half star off for that, rounding to five which feels right because of the enjoyment it brought me. I listened to the unabridged audio download from Audible, read by a cast of five; this was very well done and made the characters come to life very quickly. Recommended for your light read of the year.<br /><br />Linda Bulger, 2008ed to the unabridged audio download from Audible, read by a cast of five; this was very well done and made the characters come to life very quickly. Recommended for your light read of the year.    Linda Bulger, 2008
B001E95ZNI|4.0|Outlaw Randall Bragg (Irons) and his gang do whatever they please in the Old West town of Appaloosa, but all that is about to change.  The town leaders have had enough of him, and decide to bring in gunman Virgil Cole (Harris) and his associate Everett Hitch (Mortensen) to clean things up.  As marshal, Cole demands some leeway to take care of things his way, and that is granted by the town.  Soon, Cole and Hitch are able to stage a midnight arrest of Bragg at his hideout, but getting justice is not that easy.  Bragg's men are out to get him back.<br /><br />Not many westerns make it to theaters these days, but \\"Appaloosa\\", Ed Harris' second directorial effort does not disappoint.  The leads all produce real characters that are not perfect people.  There is an understated humor that keeps things from getting to heavy, and everything in the film looks authentic.  \\"Appaloosa\\" is an entertaining film that will satisfy any thirst for a fresh western.  I recommend it.
B000V6BE6C|4.0|This was the first Avenged Sevenfold cd that I actually liked. I listen to some of City of Evil, but wasn't really into it. When I listened to this album I was suprised at how enjoyable it was. I do enjoy hard rock and heavy metal, but I hated the vocals on the older Avenged Sevenfold albums. The music itself is still pretty heavy, with the exception of a couple of songs like Afterlife, and Dear God, which actually are my favorite songs from the album, but it's all pretty good. I guess some fans of the older Avenged Sevenfold won't like this cd, and will badmouth those of us who only like this Avenged Sevenfold album.
B001E75QGG|3.0|First let me just say that if you've never seen any of the Indiana Jones movies (what are the chances?...slim to none?) that you should see them before you dive into Crystal Skull. Why? Because if Crystal Skull is your first Indy experience, you'll wonder what all the hype was about. Crystal Skull is a fairly good adventure, but it's mediocre at best when compared to its Indy predecessors.<br /><br />In Crystal Skull Indy's on a mission to return a stolen relic to its rightful resting place (familiar, no?). But unlike the first three Indy movies, Steven Spielberg has gone wayyy over the top with the \\"yeah right\\" moments and the CGI special effects...to the point of distraction! It seemed like almost all of the action was noticeably filmed in front of a green screen....Which wouldn't have been too bad if wasn't so darn noticeable.<br /><br />Don't get me wrong...Crystal Skull was a fun story and I was thoroughly entertained watching. I just found myself rolling my eyes a bit too much in disbelief. So I'd recommend starting with [[ASIN:B0014Z4ONE the first three movies]] before you jump onto the Blu Ray train to the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull.<br /><br />It certainly isn't necessary to see the first three movies in the series in order to fully enjoy Crystal Skull. But it will give you some history prior to jumping into a 4th in a series, and it won't be time wasted as they are all excellent films. Here's a little bit on each:<br /><br />Raiders of the Lost Ark was stunning for its time (1981). No surprise with George Lucas and Steven Spielberg at the helm. Raiders holds up as one of the best action movies to date. Indiana Jones searches for and tries to protect a powerful relic from getting into the wrong hands. Viewers get thoroughly entertained with a fast moving, suspenseful and thrilling ride.<br /><br />In Temple of Doom (1984) Indy inadvertently finds himself thrust into village overrun by an evil cult that commit human sacrifice and child slavery. Ironically, while the themes in Temple are much darker than its processor, Spielberg actually 'dumbed it down' a bit (with a good amount of slapstick and other silliness) in order to keep the film attractive to wider audiences and also to attain the first ever PG-13 rating (instead of an R).<br /><br />The Last Crusade (1989) brings in the great Sean Connery as Indy's dad, and together they fulfill a lifelong dream (more the Dad's dream than Indy's) of finding The Holy Grail. Strangely, Last Crusade got hit with a PG-13, but it was much lighter than Temple of Doom, and it went back to a more Lost Ark kind of action film.<br /><br />So my recommendation is get familiar with (or brush up on) the Indiana Jones movies that made Indiana Jones a household name before you venture to the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull.rker than its processor, Spielberg actually 'dumbed it down' a bit (with a good amount of slapstick and other silliness) in order to keep the film attractive to wider audiences and also to attain the first ever PG-13 rating (instead of an R).     The Last Crusade (1989) brings in the great Sean Connery as Indy's dad, and together they fulfill a lifelong dream (more the Dad's dream than Indy's) of finding The Holy Grail. Strangely, Last Crusade got hit with a PG-13, but it was much lighter than Temple of Doom, and it went back to a more Lost Ark kind of action film.     So my recommendation is get familiar with (or brush up on) the Indiana Jones movies that made Indiana Jones a household name before you venture to the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull.
B000002G8L|5.0|Eric Clapton's Just One Night is a classic live album. This is not one of those greatest hits live albums. This is just Clapton rocking out and kicking butt on the guitar. The whole album is great! I saw where a couple of people gripped about Wonderful Tonight being on the album, I think it's a great song. All the songs on Just One Night are great. This is a live album that other live albums should be compared too.
0345495004|5.0|We read this book for our book club, and we mature women all agreed it was a very good book.  We liked the historical pictures, newspaper clippings, and the fascinating insight the author delved into concerning the architectural works of the brilliant Frank Lloyd Wright.  While loving Frank, and walking away from all she had by way of traditional motherhood and marriage, Maymah portrays a woman who is progressive, yet scandalized.  One of the better books for a provocative discussion over coffee, for those of us who lived the women's rights movements, and still bemoan the glass ceiling... still discussing women's issues, as we venture along the way to the next rural homemakers club!
1582701709|4.0|Such a great book I am planning on getting several for Christmas gifts - I just finished reading it and am already seeing small results from changing the way I channel thoughts and feelings - I am looking for more changes in near and distant future as I re-read this book over and over!!
B000F8O35U|5.0|I bought this as a gift for my 23 year old daughter. She was young when this first came out and somehow we don't have the VHS tape anymore. This will bring back fond memories for her.
1400049628|2.0|I'm a hopeless geek when it comes to anything zombie-related. My review is biased accordingly. OK, that's out of the way.    As a movie maker or writer, there are two basic approaches to zombie \\"fiction\\": horror or comedy. It's not really fiction, by the way, as the zombie apocalypse is \\"reality yet to occur.\\" Mark my words, my pulse-possessing brothers and sisters, mans' arrogance ensures that the spiritually weak, the haughty, the foolish unbelievers will all perish in unimaginable agony, torn and devoured by festering hands and rotted teeth...Dang it! Sorry for the digression. Where was I? Oh yeah...    I disliked the book for a few reasons. First, there's no fear factor. Yeah, yeah, yeah I know. It's not supposed to be scary. It's written in a serious survival guide format. Unfortunately, serious more often than not translates to dull. It's dull. Zombie material should NEVER be dull! Second, it's not zombie funny (see Revenge of the Living Dead or Stubbs the Zombie video game for very good examples of zombie funny). The humor in this book really reads like it was written by a junior high school kid. There are many instances where Brooks will suggest something like, \\"People who do XYZ will just become a walking buffet for the zombies.\\" Maybe that's funny. I just found it to be a mood breaker.    I would have preferred a survival guide along the lines of   1. Very serious and \\"factual\\" (mock research, photographs, schematics, statistics, etc.)  2. Very scary narrative. Perhaps a survival guide in a personal diary written by a survivor  3. Something truly comic.  Who doesn't laugh at the zany antics of zombies shambling about?    In short, I was quite disappointed. I give Brooks two stars for the great idea, but nothing more due to lousy execution. If he writes a follow up, sadly, I'll buy it anyway.
0810979772|5.0|My son got the \\"Diary of a Wimpy Kid\\" for his 11th Birthday. He loved it and he is not big on reading! I have since bought him the whole collection and he reads everynight!
B000K7UBTI|4.0|I liked this one. Got it for a birthday present and just got around to watching it. I liked the animation and the story. It was a little long for me, but I thought it was a cool story and it was fun to watch just because it looked pretty. Iron man critics may take issue with the fact that the suit development part of the story will differ from the current major motion picture release and probably from the acutal comic books, as i have not gotten around to reading those yet. solid moive though, younger kids might not get it, i am not 100% sure though.
B001E7X4M4|3.0|I thought i could rely on Unearth to provide intense pounding metal but, I didnt hear that in this album. The March is more melodic and slower then their previous stuff.   I didnt feel like slamming my fist through a wall when hearing this therefore its below par but, it has its momements.
0525478183|5.0|Another fantastic book by Green.  Although on the surface this seems like it is similar to his other books--a nerdy but smart and kind guy loves a beautiful and mysterious and enigmatic girl, and the boy must go on a journey to discover more about her and ultimately about himself--it is still fresh and unexpected, and different from his previous books (also great).  This was a laugh-and-cry book:  you will do both often.  The ending left me breathless.
0439023483|2.0|Maybe I'm reading below my age category here, but I guess I've been spoiled by all the fantastic 'children's' literature that's hit the market over the last few years.  Mortal Engines, Abhorsen, even Harry Potter - all very good books and series.    The Hunger Games is not a very good book.    And that's unfortunate, because the premise is cool - a sort of retelling of Stephen King's 'The Running Man', but with kids as contestants.  It's too bad Suzanne Collins can't pace a story to save her life.  Reading this book, it seemed to me that she was either so light on background info necessary to furthering the reader's understanding of the plot and the world the plot is set in that I was beyond confused, or she bogged down in needless, redundant detail.    I really can't recommend this book.
B00000JPH6|5.0|It's a Jim Henson movie, that's really all I have to say.  If you havn't seen it, you should.  This is a must see.
B00005JPAO|3.0|I want to say up front that Helen Mirren's performance as Queen Elizabeth II in this film is first-class, just superb. In fact, this is the most redeeming facet of the movie.<br /><br />The story is this: Here, we have an intimate glimpse of Queen Elizabeth II (as well as her husband, the Queen Mother, and Prince Charles) during the window of time just before and during the week or so period of time after Princess Diana was killed in a car crash in Paris. The focal point of the movie is the hostile reaction of the British people toward the Queen's cold attitude in regard to Diana's death.<br /><br />I need to say up front that I'm a fan neither of The Royals nor of the late Princess -- but I AM interested in hearing all about their endless peccadilloes. In fact, this actuality was one of my disappointments because I thought that this film was about the Queen's entire reign, and it's not. Still, I can't rightfully criticise what the film is NOT about... I just wish that the title had been more explicit.<br /><br />In any case, right away the Queen and the Windsor-Mountbatten family are portrayed as pretty heartless and rotten, at least by American standards. Following the death of Diana, Prince Charles is also served up to us as a spineless flip-flopper and a witless wimp... okay so far.<br /><br />At that point, newly-elected Prime Minister Tony Blair begins advising and urging the Queen to relent on her silence and isolation and share in the grief of the British people over Diane's death, a pill that the old sourpuss finds almost impossible to swallow. Still okay so far.<br /><br />Then, at a turning point in the movie, the producers elect to REDEEM the Queen, just because she came out and sniffed the flowers under extreme political pressure and duress. There was not the first bit of actual remorse in that woman's heart (neither in the film nor in reality!) So, WHY did the film-makers decide to attempt to make her look like a normal human being? I surely have not figured it out!<br /><br />So, in summary, I found this movie to be manipulative, although I must assert that this device was completely lost on me. I hold the Queen in no higher esteem now (post-film) than I did when she was acting like a witch the day after Diana died, (or even before that.)<br /><br />As far as the cinematography and the continuity of the film, it was superb. The Producers also shrewdly used some actual footage of Diana and others which was sprinkled throughout the movie. There's a lot of nice scenery in this flick and some really terrific acting. Overall, I was okay on watching this film all the way through but I would not watch it again. With some trepidation, I would slightly recommend it to others.d this movie to be manipulative, although I must assert that this device was completely lost on me. I hold the Queen in no higher esteem now (post-film) than I did when she was acting like a witch the day after Diana died, (or even before that.)    As far as the cinematography and the continuity of the film, it was superb. The Producers also shrewdly used some actual footage of Diana and others which was sprinkled throughout the movie. There's a lot of nice scenery in this flick and some really terrific acting. Overall, I was okay on watching this film all the way through but I would not watch it again. With some trepidation, I would slightly recommend it to others.
1416594884|4.0|I enjoyed A Most Wanted Man, but readers who are put off by ambiguous or ambivalent endings may find the book rather off-putting.    The three main characters are all, in some way, trying to atone for the sins of their respective fathers by doing the right thing. Over the time required to achieve their goal, a triangle (more of infatuation than love) develops, in spite of cultural and generational gaps. In the end, their plans are thwarted, as are the efforts of the local German intelligence officer who is trying to determine what exactly is going on between the three.    As often happens in LeCarre's work, much space is devoted to setting up the main characters. Oddly enough, however, by the end of the book, we are no more certain of Issa's character than we are at the beginning. I think we can assume he is who he claims to be and wants to do what he says, but don't really know if he was ever an actual terrorist or just a small-time crook.    In the end, greater forces crash onto the scene and it's clear that Issa, Annabel, and Brue have all been used as bait to draw out someone who may be financing terrorists networks.    LeCarre fans will enjoy this book. My 4-star rating owes to the fact that I am rating it against other LeCarre novels, not against all espionage novels or general fiction.
B001DDBCUK|5.0|Loved the movie and wanted to add to my collection of the series.  When my girlfriends get together we watch them all.
1416594884|3.0|A Most Wanted Man sets forth the complexities of addressing terrorism.  Of course, one of the ways Le Carre establishes the complexities is to use an utterly confusing number of agencies and characters...which does not really help the reader.  I started the book, wasn't gripped by it, and set it aside for a number of weeks.  When I picked it back up, I started all over, and still found it more of a chore than anything to read.  While the plot is interesting, and did have some intriguing twists, I found the characters very frustrating...they found each other much more engaging than I did.  I didn't see anything appealing, let alone loveable, in them, but several fell in love with each other, after the most minimal contact.  If looking at the airport bookstore for something to read on the plane, this would do in a pinch.  And may even cause you to sleep through your flight.
0812550706|5.0|I don't use awesome for hardly anything, but I loved this book. I've re-read it off and on for years, and I don't re-read many other books.    Ender is a young boy who is sent to a military-strategy school to learn how to win battles. The book follows his training experiences as well as his journey to learn about, understand and destroy humanity's greatest threat(with a twist).    A great classic in science fiction.
B00005R62K|5.0|Stained Class is one of the greatest albums ever made by Priest and the one that made them famous for Better by You, Better then Me. The Classic Congressional Death song.
0375826726|4.0|I enjoyed this book as much as the first two. I was a little disappointed that it didn't finish the series. (There's a fourth book coming later).    Eragon continues his adventures, learning about himself, his brothers (there's a surprise in this area) and improving his skills.     Paolini's strengths definitely are in the area of imagination. His use of language is extremely smooth and never gets in the way of his story. Every scene feels immediate and real. Although it's close to 750 pages, it's a quick read, because it's so gripping.     A must-read series for the fantasy lover.
B0018AK9RA|4.0|Judas Priest's first foray into Concept albums is a great compilation of songs for the new millenium.
B0006Z2KYI|5.0|Just a wonderfully funny movie - Jack Benny is great and of course, so is Carol Lombard. It has twists and turns - and turns out hilarious!
B001C08RHA|4.0|I didn't know a lot about Iron Man but I like action/adventure movies and decided to give it a try.  It totally blew me away.  The special effects were awesome and the plot was great.  Robert Downing Jr. was an excellent Tony Stark and I loved Gwenneth Paltrow's character.  All the acting was excellent and I'm really happy I bought this movie.  I'm really looking forward to the next one.
B001HDYK6Y|5.0|Big fan of keane and have been looking forward to this album. Fresh new sound may be turn off for some that appeal to the sound of \\"Hopes and Fears.\\" Hot songs like \\" Spiralling, Perfect Symmetry, BetterThanThis\\". Check it out!You will not be disappointed.
B00005JPO1|4.0|I absolutely loved this movie.  I thought Harrison Ford reprised his role as Indiana Jones perfectly.  Shia was excellent as his son and Marion was great too.  Some have thought the story line a little far fetched but I would remind them that all of Indie's stories haven't exactly been realistic. This movie fits right in with its predecessors and is a lot of fun.  I hope they make more.
B0013FNC38|5.0|Me (48) and my husband (69) were pulling into our driveway when the song \\"I'm Yours\\" came on the radio.  We stayed in the car, listened to the song and felt happy.  I had just been diagnosed with breast cancer and this song let me forget for a few minutes.  We knew we had to have the whole album and have loved every song on it!  I think I want \\"I'm Yours\\" playing as they wheel me into surgery.  It puts me in a happy place! Thank You Jason for such a wonderful, eclectic album and introducing us to some new music (we've been stuck in a 1970's and earlier time frame)!                               Best to you,                                Angel
1592289444|5.0|Well written, intense, story of survival, grief, pain and the courage of men hanging on for their freedom.  Once started, you cannot put it down.
B0012GN31O|5.0|What an incredibly tight band.  So refreshing to hear, since there's so many OK-mediocre bands out there.  This band stays on beat, doesn't rush, and is in tune.  The solos blow you away.  And Michel on piano is unbelievable - what chops !   The only thing that comes close is the other 5-star band, Gordon Goodwin's Big Phat Band.  If you like serious big band jazz of this age, this is a must-buy.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Ever since ...And Justice... Metallica has jumped thru music with different albums... Load being my favorite.  This is a great album.  Cyanide rocks!!!  Any Metallica fan should enjoy.
B0013BNY2Q|3.0|There's no doubt that R.E.M. were feeling the pressure to get back to being a rock band after their past three releases.  So for the first time since 1996's New Adventures in Hi-Fi, the band has delivered a pure rock record.  Peter Buck's guitar screams and shreds like it hasn't done in years and there is actually a drummer instead of a drum machine and looped beats.  All of that is fine and good.  But you get the sense while listening to Accelerate, that Stipe and company were primarily concerned with rocking out and they let the songwriting take a back seat.  The album is by no means bad.  Several tracks are fast and furious as the title indicates.  But there are no classics here, no songs that are going to return the band to the superstars they were in the 90's.  And this album is not even close to their 80's output as some have suggested.  R.E.M. need to disregard what popular opinion dictates and continue to blaze their own trail.  That is what made them truly great in the first place.  While Accelerate is a solid rock record, it still ranks near the bottom of the bands canon.  If they can bring the songwriting up on an even keel with the music, they might still have a rebirth yet.
B000002KB8|3.0|I myself am a Black Sabbath fan.  I find music I like and listen to it over and over... some I come to like.  This album is the beginning.  I call it \\"the intro\\".  This album preceded 3 of the greatest albums ever created.  Its interesting and cool to see how the greats began.      If you are interested as far as a fan is concerned.  Buy this album.  N.I.B. is a great song... but, if you are in it for \\"Iron Man\\"... you may be disappointed.    If you really believe Korn and Limp Bizkit qualify as a couple of the greats... please go away, you don't deserve to touch a Black Sabbath album.  Show a little respect for the people who got where they are without releasing pop music with a grundge pedal.    Enjoy all who will.  I thought it was decent enough to add to the collection.
B000H7JCG4|4.0|the plot is well written, but the show is too old for me to truly enjoy it.
B0012Q732O|5.0|Fun action movie.  I was able to follow it easilly although I have no familiarity with the comic book.  Excelent CGI's.
0307455874|5.0|The subtitle of this book, \\"Thoughts on Reclaiming the American Dream,\\" could not be more appropriate.  Obama's great gift is his ability to inspire a sense of optimism in the notion that America can still be great, that its promise is still alive, that we don't have to settle for the moral compromise of the past as a guide to the future.  His hope for America--as a land of freedom and communal responsibility--is beautifully conveyed throughout.  In addition to being a cogent thinker, Obama is a gifted writer.  Whether discussing policy or describing a moment with his daughters, his voice is engaging and genuine.  Obama's vision of a better world is clear, and the world he portrays is one that I for one want to live in.  The alternative--the reckless, regressive path we are currently on--is unthinkable.  In November, we will either be on our way to realizing our greatness as a nation or further along on our way to the complete dissolution of the American dream.
B000WGWQG8|5.0|This set makes history come alive.  Wish I could have learned my history this way when in school.  I liked the way it showed the first lady, Abigail, as the strong and important influence that she was.  We don't hear enough about the women who forged our country
B001DDBCUU|4.0|A glass of wine, a blanket to curl up with, a quiet house and this movie will make for a perfect 'in' evening.  Being a \\"sex and the city\\" junkie, I saw this at the show when it first came out.  I enjoy this DVD as much the second, third and fourth time around.  For anyone having the collection of DVD's, this rounds out the series and makes it complete.
B000002J1Y|5.0|Great album, not the better sound Eddie Offord could get after the superb studio sounds he got before this, but wait, wakeman's solo on Close to the edge is way better than on the studio album.<br />Soundwise Keys to ascension 1 is the best recorded Yes yet, and also live at Montreux has great sound.
B00008RWB3|5.0|WHAT AN INCREDIBLE BOOK..JUST STAY WITH IT & IT TAKES ONE ON A JOYRIDE RIGHT UNTIL THE VERY LAST WRITTEN WORD.
B00007H1Y2|4.0|How did Ry Cooder escape my notice for so long?  My wife noticed a song off this album playing on a jukebox and immediately took notice.  When we arrived at home we ordered the cd hoping the album reflected the song we heard on the jukebox... and it did.  That sexy, surf guitar sound blended with the latin rhythm made for a wonderful album.  It reminds me of some the music in David Lynch's Twin Peaks: Fire Walk With Me movie.  The kind of music you might hear at One Eyed Jacks.  Well worth a listen.
B0019FOC5E|5.0|I enjoyed the movie Mamma Mia very much, so I wanted the sound track, which I bought.  It was very good except I was disappointed that the songs at the end of the movie were not included in the CD.
B000F1IQNM|5.0|I was able to preview this movie and decided I wanted to purchase the DVD. I found the movie for next to nothing here on Amazon, and bought it used (I paid under $9.00, shipping and all). I have had no problems with the DVD, it works great. It is a wonderful movie and it was probably one of the cheapest movies I have ever purchased. My 8 yr. old daughter expecially likes this movie.
B001DDBCUU|2.0|Not bad, but glad I didn't pay to go to the movie theater to see it.  Good to watch once.
1577312082|1.0|I found this book to be beyond wordy. THe atempt to be profound seem to be the message not the words themslves. Many others have said the same without so much fluff.
1400079276|5.0|... and weird is what you get, with Haruki Murakami. But this novel is not merely full-blown weird; it' s about the  meaning of Weird, not just in the modern sense of 'bizarre' but in the root sense also. 'Weird' is an Old Norse word meaning something like \\"the uncanny ability to influence Fate.\\" The root of the word \\"will\\" has the opposite meaning: \\"the canny ability to resist Fate.\\" While I doubt that Murakami had any reference to old Norse cosmogony in mind, this novel Kafka on the Shore can be read as a contest between Weird and Will, as they relate to Fate.<br /><br />But don't think it's not 'weird' in the contemporary sense also! Any novel where cats talk, ghosts co-exist with their living personae, and Colonel Sanders and Johnny Walker make appearances in odd corners of Japan has to be accepted as bona fide weird. What saves Kafka on the Shore from mere literary contrivance is the sense one has that all this weirdness is integral to Murakami's mentality, that he's not just trying to diddle the reader's  weirdness tastebuds but that he has genuinely weird but pertinent perceptions to report.<br /><br />Murakami fits into a tradition of phantasmagorical writing in Japanese. His obvious literary forefather is Soseki Natsume, author of \\"I Am a Cat.\\" In fact, Kafka spends several afternoons reading Soseki Natsume, as well as Tanizaki and Lady Murasaki, during the course of the novel. I suppose this notion of Murakami as part of a specifically Japanese literary tradition is utterly insignificant to English readers, but it does matter to anyone who wants to get to the core of Murakami's sensibilities. Like Yukio Mishima, Muarakami seems curiously unskillful at elements of Japanese literary style; his vocabulary of kanji (Chinese pictographic characters) seems spotty, while his inclusion of 'outside' words will strike Japanese readers as impure. The English translation conveys some of this stylistic awkwardness by its choice of odd American slang to express items that are squarely Japanese.<br /><br />In the end, I read novels chiefly for diversion. For enjoyment. Don't you? I found this freakish novel quite diverting. Engrossing. I could hardly put it down to fall asleep at night. Whatever you might make of its content, you'll find yourself dragged into its weird unreality.<br /><br />[Postscript, two days later: If you are the kind of reader that judges a book by its ending, you'd better knock two stars off my rating of Kafka on the Shore. The last 30 pages of the book are utterly unworthy of the imagination that created the earlier scenes. But you might say the same thing about the endings of almost every Dickens novel.]Japanese.    In the end, I read novels chiefly for diversion. For enjoyment. Don't you? I found this freakish novel quite diverting. Engrossing. I could hardly put it down to fall asleep at night. Whatever you might make of its content, you'll find yourself dragged into its weird unreality.    [Postscript, two days later: If you are the kind of reader that judges a book by its ending, you'd better knock two stars off my rating of Kafka on the Shore. The last 30 pages of the book are utterly unworthy of the imagination that created the earlier scenes. But you might say the same thing about the endings of almost every Dickens novel.]
B0017V7GLC|5.0|This is Ladytrons best collection of tunes, period.  Once you hear many of these songs you will not be able to  extricate them from your joy center in your brain.  Lovely torture it is. You will love it; these bested any  effort of previous cds.
B00104JONO|5.0|I am not ashamed to say that I am an adult who LOVES High School Musical. I went to see the midnight show with my younger sister and 2 of her friends and it was well worth being sluggish at work this morning. The songs don't have quite the same sing along quality as those in the first 2 movies, but they're still enjoyable. The story feels more fleshed out this time around. My favorite scene in the movie featured Troy and Chad dancing in a junkyard singing the 'Boys are Back'. I liked the newbie Rocket Man. He's no Zach Efron, but he might be worth watching in HSM 4.
0375826726|4.0|I have followed the Inheritance series from book one and Paolini has managed to create a fairly interesting and amazing world in his stories about Eragon, Sapphira, and their circles of friends and enemies. Though I as many had expected the third book to be the ending of the story, though it obviously is not. So it is with a mix of a small dissapointment, but big expectations I will be awaiting the fourth book in this series. Nevertheless the book is still well worth the read, though a little more sophisticated, but also more brutal, than the first two,  it can sometimes border on the edge of boredom when too many details about a situation or environment are described in lenght, but regardless it manages to keep readers captivated and hungering for more from start to finish. Recommended!
B000YENUI6|4.0|Viggo Mortensen and David Cronenberg are a match made it film heaven, this film follows on the heels of the great \\"The History of Violence\\", which was riviting as well.  Cronenberg's movies can be almost hyper violent and this one has a harrowing scene in which a bare Mortensen does battle with two Ukranian thugs, I mean let's face it, this guys movies are not for the squimish.  I like Watts and Mortensens chemistry, Viggo does dark and mysterious better than anyone in film, and Watts, though her character is unbelieveably naive, does her best with a sort of thankless role, this movie is really about Mortensen and his relationship to mob scion Kirill and to Russian mob boss, Mueller-Stahl, who is fantastic as usual, he's chilling as this family head, who dispises his son, Kirill, but yet cannot help but indulge him, he is his spawn afterall.  The movie is set in the mysterious Russian underworld in modern day London and the city real adds character to the film.  Eastern Promises gives an interesting look at the Russian mob, it's seeming obsession with Tatoos and its inner workings.  The film takes some interesting turns and has a nice twist, really as in, \\"The History of Violence\\", this film rises and falls on the performance of Mortensen.  Highly recommended, but not to the faint at heart.
031236198X|5.0|This is a DIFFERENT book. It made me see myself, my subordinates, colleagues and bosses in the characters. It fully utilizes fable \\"tools\\" to guide us through the process of change. Choosing the pengiun, that resourceless creature, was very intelligent in order to prove that change is ALWAYS possible - when there is a will there is way.
031606792X|5.0|I know, I know... I'm just as sad as the rest of the world that has fallen madly in love with Stephenie Meyer's Saga. Why have I fallen so head over heels?? The book is written so simplistically that you can tell it was written for younger adults.  There are holes in the plot lines and the ending of the books, as well as character composition, BUT what saves these books is her ability to capture \\"the teenage\\" years and raw emotion. It is this that makes this book more REALISTIC.    I hungrily read through these books in 3 1/2 days. I was totally and utterly captivated- awe struck. I am now reading them again and enjoying them just the same but with a greater sense of anticipation as I get to re-encounter Edward and his family and watch Bella slightly mature and develop.    Meyer captures the all to unpleasant and intoxicating emotions of being a teenager discovering things for the first time. Bella's encounters with Edward made me remember back to the days of smelling hair to make sure I smelled good or feeling the butterflies when I would see my husband (YES, we are high school sweethearts. Married 7 years now) and all the emotions I would feel when he leaned in to kiss me.  She makes you feel what Bella feels. She makes you feel the angst and the desire she has for Edward, the fear for her child, the love... she makes you feel the unexplainable feelings that Edward goes through to keep from \\"eating\\" Bella, his frustration when he can't be with her.    I think too, people are so captivated by these books because of the  deep desire to belong runs that through them- something everyone relates too. This and the need to find someone that you need, love, and want to protect at all costs and to have those things returned- finding your \\"soul mate\\".  This coupled with the idea of eternal life ... what can be said. If we all were able to find our soul mates and know that we have the rest ALL time to be with that person (religion aside here folks), what would we give up? Ifthere were no repercussions, not damnation? Or to know that you could keep your child with you that long and KNOW that no harm would come to them? The thought is utterly intoxicating.    Aside from the wonderful realistic characteristics she has given her book, Meyer has been criticized for entangling one to many mythical creatures in one set of stories.  My thoughts on this: IT'S FICTION, she can do WHATEVER she wants. Is or rather was that not the reason people love to read? We read and watch movies so that we can escape the confines of everyday life.  So, she put a werewolf (which is not really a werewolf but shape-shifters and if any one knew anything about Native lore, they would know that shape-shifters are VERY common. ) and a vampire *Swoons over Edward* together. BIG deal! Witches and vampires have been mixed, werewolves and vamps, etc... COME ON the combinations that have already been put together are so numerous that its ridiculous to criticize  someone for fiction. UNLESS its bad fiction,  then they need to learn from their critiques.    We'll have to see if the movie proves to be as good as the book. I LOVE the cast... well most of them. I think they created a pretty good cast. Edward and Bella's characters were cast perfectly! The only complaint is for Esme's character and this may not be a valid complaint as I can't really remember what kind of description was given for her but her character seems to be a little older than she is supposed to be??
B00005K3OT|5.0|\\"Chocolat,\\" in my view is all about grace.  The most gracious, and therefore, most appealing characters, are surprising, because their histories do not necessarily lend themselves to producing such winsome people.  The characters who should be gracious - because they have \\"sort-of\\" connections with the God of grace, are judgmental, legalistic and mean-spirited and wound-too-tightly.  Hence the tension in this film is nearly palpable.  I recommend it highly.
1416562605|5.0|4.5 out of 5 stars    Hmmm, well, I happened to get this book from the library on the Saturday before the Booker Prize was announced \\"just in case.\\"  When The White Tiger was revealed as the winner, I was really surprised. Not only did it have the longest odds to win, but I had recently read The Secret Scripture and not-so-secretly hoped it would win.  In fact, the committee admitted these two were the main contenders and that the decision was not unanimous.    To be honest, I kind of groaned when I heard Adiga's book was the winner.  I don't have a love affair at all with the Booker prize winners that I've read, so I was a little skeptical that I would enjoy this one.  But, being the trooper that I am, I thought I'd give it at least 40 or so pages to see if it could capture my interest.    Surprise, surprise; it did.  Not only is it a scathing indictment against India's treatment of its poorest citizens, it also manages to be a clever black comedy.  This is exactly what the prize committee chairman revealed as the reason behind its decision.  So which book did I like better, The White Tiger or The Secret Scripture?  It's really comparing apples to oranges.  They're just not the same type of book at all.  They both are worthy social commentaries on the authors' home countries, but just written in a totally different style.  While Sebastian Barry's prose is lyrical, Adiga's is biting (and comical).  They both work spectacularly, just in different ways.  I can definitely see why the committee had a difficult decision on its hands, and either one would have been a winner in my book.
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|This is a very good album from Coldplay.  My favorite track is the lead single \\"Viva la Vida\\".  It is very spirited song.  Chris Martin's vocals are excellent on this track.  The guitar playing by Jonny Buckland is so good on the track \\"Violet Hill\\".  Will Champion provides a steady strong drum beat throughout this entire disc.  \\"Life in Technicolor\\" is an excellent instrumental track.  The boys of Coldplay show that a song can still be great even without lyrics with this track.  \\"Strawberry Swing\\" is a song about simply enjoying life.  This is a very sweet song. \\"42\\" is another highlight here.  The piano playing by Guy Berryman is slow and pretty here in the beginning.  The pace of this song really picks up after the piano playing.  I like the musical arrangements of the track \\"Lost\\". This song sounds very uplifting to me.  Lovers in Japan is an upbeat track that I like very much.  \\"Death And All His Friends\\" is a beautiful song.  The musical arrangements are perfect on this track.  This is an excellent album with great music.
B000R7HY0K|5.0|[[ASIN:B000R7HY0K Grindhouse Presents, Death Proof - Extended and Unrated (Two-Disc Special Edition)]]<br />Quentin Tarantino is the ULTIMATE. He is my generation-director. In fact I introduced my Dad and Mom to Quentin-films. I have been his DIE-HARD FAN right from RESERVOIR DOGS. In Death Proof, Quentin dons the cape of Director of Cinematography also. Kurt Russel has come a long way from his 'Snake Plisken' days. You see Death-Proof, for TOTAL & COMPLETE ENTERTAINMENT.Especially the CAR-CHASE in the second half of the movie. What's happenning guys! The girls are all GORGEOUS. And the MUSIC!!! WOW!!<br />Even 'Sin City' pales besides this movie. Even if you are not a 'fan', if you have seen KILL BILL and enjoyed the film, never ever dream of missing Death-Proof.
0060882611|5.0|This book is a great size for a read along or for the children to follow. This is a wonderful story. All children should read this.
B0019X3ZZY|5.0|A masterpiece, one of the great films of world cinema.  Pasolini brilliantly fuses De Sade's \\"120 Days Of Sodom\\" with Nazi/Fascist ideology.  Watching the film along with Criterion's supplemental material, I think the giant powerful theme of the film becomes clear---that all power is fundamentally, innately, irredeemably pathological.  Pasolini was a disillusioned Marxist who finally saw that no political system could root out this fundamental pathology of human nature.  He sees all power as inevitably corrupting & that the logical conclusion of unchecked power is the mass-murder jamborees of the Nazi death camps, Stalin's gulags, Pol Pot's killing fields. His images shockingly prefigure Abu Grahib.  He thinks any power of one individual over another has an inevitable sexual sado-masochistic charge to it.  For him no system of government can rise above this innate pathology.  At worst we get these horrific mass murdering miltary dictatorships, at best we get \\"democracies\\" that give us scary, incompetent, power-hungry egomaniacs like Bush, Cheney, et al. (And he wouldn't find the Democrats much better.)  As a previous reviewer pointed out, Pasolini's view is blunt, bleak, unironic, an unmitigated kick in the face.  And profound.
B00005JKED|5.0|This is a rough film that depicts some elements of the drug law enforcement culture and the streets, etc.  Not for the light-heart type person, but well written, and strong acting roles, etc.
031606792X|5.0|I thought Breaking Dawn was a perfect conclusion to this series. Thanks goodness for happy endings. Tolkien felt all farie stories (I broaden that to fantasy) should have a happy ending, and I whole heartedly agree. This series was so full of wonderful characters, that it was great to imagine their next steps in life (or existence). Before I read the book, I saw reviews that were upset that there wasn't more hardship or loss like most teenagers feel at some point in real life. Then again, if we escape to something as far from reality as vampires, shouldn't we have the benefit of a happy ending? This series was creative, compelling, and thoroughly enjoyable. Best of luck to Hollywood in trying to effectively retell this series!
B000MQC9H4|5.0|Great Christmas Holiday DVD for the times we live in!  Cameron Diaz, Kate Winslet, Jude Law and Jack Black are outstand in the picture!  Truly a classic romantic comedy that's worth watching throughout the year, not just a Christmas!
B00005CDNJ|5.0|Superb rendition of some of the most beautiful songs of one of the best rock bands of all time.
0618918248|5.0|I had not read any of Richard Dawkins' books before and so I was surprised at how well-written the God Delusion was. This is not just some angry rant; it is a very well-researched, very well thought-out and planned. I highly recommend it to anyone and everyone.
0446579939|2.0|I have read the reviews by others here, and I am most definitely in the minority.  But then, everyone has their own opinion.    I found the book somewhat tedious.  Initially, I liked the development of the main character Logan Thibault, as well as the antagonist, Keith Clayton.   I thought the development of Beth, the love interest was quite a bit weaker.  During some of the chapters developing her character, I found myself scanning and skipping along, rather than absorbing the detail.    The development of the characters of the antagonist and the love interest vacillated in the story telling.  In the case of the antagonist (the love interest's possessive ex and father of her son) the author paints him first as a sleeze and then later gives him a decent side, and then back to sleeze again, etc.  Very confusing.  The love interst character repeatedly switches from being a solid, thinking, quality person to one who flips easily to an irrational/emotional side.  Again, disconcerting.  One of the late scenes describes her anger at being supposedly duped by Logan.  Thereafter, with almost a one sentence reason, she almost instantly reverses herself and goes by to make up after just trashing Logan's life.  Either a bad scenario or unrealistic writing.    Finally, the ending just leaps from the exciting danger scene to an epilogue type conclusion, in which the author jumps from the danger scene to several months later, leaving the reader in the dark as to what happened in the interim and how.  In the final page (literally), we find that the antagonist died but has miraculously become a beloved father, and, at the same time the protagonist survived.  No explanation of the fact that the last time we saw them they were both together, and in the same immediate danger, or how things proceeded from there.    I had not read any Nicholas Sparks books before; I tried this one to see how it would go.   Based on the reviews I have read, I'll try one more but this time I think it willbe one of his earlier efforts.  I am wondering if reading Sparks is like reading Robert Ludlum's writing; which initially was good but ultimately became a caricaturization and lost its originality.
B0000TB01Y|5.0|I loved this CD and not only ordered one for myself, but ordered some for gifts.  The music was wonderful and we are all looking forward now to seeing the play.  What a great deal I got from Amazon.com.  Why would I shop any where else.
0061122416|4.0|This little gem of a book transforms you back in time as you set out on a journey with the little shepard to find his treasure. It's and inspiring, cute book that I coudln't put down. The book is written in a way that makes you reflect on your own life throughout it. I would recommend this book to anyone!
B000R7GKQE|5.0|Great season. Fantastic characters and plot. Very good show. Can't wait to get the next season. Highly reccomended.
0375505091|5.0|When I got the book I was surprised by the size and how heavy it felt in my hands. I was even more surprised with the work inside. Annie offers us, the viewers, a very nice conception about photography when she does not separate her family and friendspictures from her professional assignments. Its all part of her life - It might get confusing at first but as you leaf through the book you start assimilating more and more of her conception - The pictures do give you feelings, after all, thats what photography is all about. Love the book.Great work.
B0011HF6GE|5.0|I love this CD so much, my boyfriend introduced me to it and it is so soothing.  There is not one song that I do not love.
630218021X|5.0|This is one of my favorite movies.  The music is great.  The acting is great.  For me, everything is great except that it also has many sad scenes, however we have to understand that it is an interpretation of the life of Tchaikovsky.
0375826726|5.0|My husband bought this for all the kids who wanted to read it - they have read all the books - and enjoy this author.
B000EQHHJW|5.0|This is one of my favorite operas.  The production of this opera film is great. Outstanding!  I would recommend this movie.  For me, this is a collectible item that all opera lovers should have.
1881273156|5.0|This is such a simple concept and very easy to put into practice.  If you have a horrible marriage or just a so-so marriage, read this book to immediately start improving your relationship with your spouse.  My husband responded so quickly I was amazed.  Not knowing our respective love languages previously was the whole problem for us.  Now that is all in the past and we couldn't be happier.  (My husband has still not read the book, so he's not sure what hit him, but he is reaping the benefits from me and returning the love to me in the way I need it.)
B000002BHE|5.0|Out of all her albums this one has to be my favorite. just saw her live in Portland. You wont regret purchasing this one!
0792156684|5.0|Great movie with lots of extras to view, James Camerons movie is well worth watching over and over.  Especially all the work he went thru too bring us this wonderful, true, exciting story.
B001IUG3CU|3.0|I remember back as a college student in the 80's when church groups and the PMRC were pressuring chain stores like Wal*Mart (when they were still a regional chain in the southwest) to stop selling those \\"Evil and Satanic Heavy Metal Albums\\"...LOL! How things change after 20+ years! Sam Walton's probably (rock &) rolling in his grave to know that his supercenters have posters of Angus Young all over his stores.  AC/DC used to scare the hell out of parents, churches and teachers back then. Now gangsta rappers are the ones that frighten parents, while the old rockers are selling everything from cars, motorcycles, soda pop, beer, credit cards and video games ..anything to stay in the spotlight and make some more cash.  That said, It's amazing that AC/DC can roll through so many famous producers (Vanda/Young, Mutt Lange, Bruce Fairbarin, Rick Rubin) and wind up sounding the same as they did when they started back in the seventies. Gotta give them credit for sticking with something that works, though it has lead to some very complacent hit-or-miss albums over the years.  But the big difference is that \\"Black Ice\\" is a more consistent album than their last two CD's. Brenden O'Brien's production work here reminds me a lot of Bruce Fairbarin's work on \\"The Razor's Edge\\" and several Aerosmith albums. The production is slick, shiny, easy on the ears, and highly listenable compared to the raw production of \\"Ballbreaker\\" and \\"Stiff Upper Lip\\".  And thankfully he got Angus and Malcolm to write a couple of good songs here and there. So \\"Black Ice\\" winds up to be AC/DC's most radio-friendly and best work since \\"Razor's Edge\\".  Brian Johnson's voice really sounds great on this album. I cant tell if there's some Pro-Tooling EQ production magic here, or his voice just needed a long break after \\"Stiff Upper Lip\\" where it sounded too horse and raspy. The bluesy \\"Stormy May Day\\" is a nice surprise, for a change Angus or Malcolm plays some SLIDE guitar, I've never heard that on a AC/DC album before.  And dare I say this, on some tracks AC/DC sounds more like a Power Pop group than a Hard Rock band on tracks like \\"Anything Goes\\" and \\"Wheels\\". But it just shows how much these guys (especially their guitar sound) influenced not only Hard Rock and Metal, but also left their deep mark on Punk, Alternative and even Top 40 and Country-Pop.  To wrap it up, \\"Black Ice\\" is another good but not a classic AC/DC album. It starts out strong, but like most of their albums loses steam near the end, with too much slow and dull filler tracks like \\"Decibel\\" \\"Rock N' Roll Dream\\" and \\"Rocking All The Way\\" dragging it down before the title track finishes it off. It would have been a better CD had some songs been left off.  Diehard AC/DC fans will love \\"Black Ice\\", and it gives the band a reason to hit the road. If you get the chance go see them live. But if you're new to these Rock legends, pick up \\"High Voltage\\", \\"Highway To Hell\\" and \\"Back In Black\\" first to hear them at their peak.
159562015X|1.0|Every now and then you get a gem of a suggestion from these reviews. I know that readers comments have been invaluable to me in the past, so in keeping I will share this one with you.  Buy this book instead:    Styles of Thinking: Strategies for Asking Questions, Making Decisions, and Solving Problems (Hardcover).   Only available through Amazon resellers. Published in 1982, but a timeless & fascinating book of self discovery. It has the most insightful testing in the final chapter.  Best wishes.    .....Grafton Reed
B00003CXCW|4.0|A classic movie which i need to see about once a year. The camera work is excellent and the story line is believable. An excellent example of what hollywood used to produce.
0132350882|4.0|This book is well written. It covers wide areas as naming up to concurrency. It is full of examples and should reside next to every developer. In contrast to Ford's the productive programmer is is more code centric which most reader will like.
0375826726|4.0|I thought the content of this book was pretty good and written very well. I guess I liked the pace of the story better in the second installment Eldest compared to this one. The storyline seemed a little slow and there wasn't much action. With the new developments in this book I am excited to read the last one because I'm sure it will be much more exciting.
B000XPU5NY|4.0|I saw Genesis in concert last year(2007), and it was a great show, and a nice way to say goodbye to my favorite Prog-Rock band. I have seen them many times in the 80's and 90's. This CD is a nice farewell to all the fans. The guys are getting old, but they still put out a great bunch of tunes. I must admit that at first I was dissapointed in the musical arrangements, but after a few times listening to the CD, I realized just how long Genesis has been making music, and it was cool that they changed some things up a bit, even if it was to help Phil hit the high notes. I recommend this CD as a historical farewell from a great band. Check out Genesis \\"Seconds Out\\" (1976-77)for the guys at their peak. BEST LIVE CD EVER. Thanks Tony, Peter, Chester, Phil, Mike, Steve, and Daryl for the decades of great music!
B000BSNPRG|3.0|Bought this after buying the Black Symphony. No comparison for me. Guitar wasn't dominant enough. Lacked grind and punch.Keyboard dominated.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Let me preface this by saying I have been a fan since the beginning.  I remember the first time I heard Kill Them All back in 83, like it was yesterday.  I still get goose bumps!  Anyone reading this I will assume is a fan so I will not go into St. Anger.  However, I will say I liked Load and Re-Load as contrary to some of the other reviews.  Now, on to Death Magnetic.  This is the album I have been waiting for from these guys.  It is raw yet refined, angry yet tender.  I never would want to put a band in a box and Metallica has proved time and time again that they will never be put in a box.  Their sound shapes and grows as they grow.  This is a great album and I am looking forward to their next one.  Way to go Metallica!!
B0008ENICU|5.0|This old version with Norma Shearer , Joan Crawford, Rosalind Russell and Joan Fontaine it is much better than the new one  showing in theatres now.   A must see.
6302767741|4.0|Bought video for .77 cents, plus shipping, excellent deal. Although video was used it was in good condition.  Would use this vendor again.
0930289234|5.0|I have read a lot of reviews, and I just wanted to put in my 2 cents incase it helps anyone out.<br /><br />the book starts out very interesting.  It gets a little boring in the center.  It ends strong.<br /><br />All together it is a brilliant piece.  Be careful with the bad reviews.  Many of them didn't finish the book.  They just quit in the middle.<br />The end is worth it.  Its an amazing piece.  [[ASIN:386607607X Watchmen]]
B000002I97|5.0|When you are 22 and just out of the army like I was in 1971, finding John Prine was like finding someone who could see inside your soul.  I don't know if I have ever experienced such sadness and such whimsy all in one hour of listening.   I think he used his whole life in this album, from his army experience, his Kentucky roots, and even his mail carrier days in a poor suburb just outside Chicago's city limits.  I wonder if on his route in Maywood, Il (he was my brother-in-law's mail man) he met not only Donald and Lydia, but maybe even some old folks who were just waiting for someone to say 'Hello In There'.  This is an album you feel every bit as much as you listened to.
B001DDBCUU|5.0|This move has been a \\"fabulous\\" gift for all fans of SATC like me. The girls are grown-up; they are not the single gals at the city any more and redefined the meaning of the age. The movie has a message; despite of the great fashion, love story and great spots. The plot is great; it's amazing that after six seasons and one movie, there are so many stories to tell. The only thing that I can criticize to the movie is there was no \\"BIG\\" enough. I'm waiting anxious for the sequel. I want more...
0131103628|5.0|This book is the very first book any person that is into C programming should read. Cherish it and keep it in a preferential place.
0739368044|5.0|These books are awesome. I am not finished with book 3 yet but so far the quality of the story has only become better as the author weaves you into a spell of Dragons,elves and humans. Very good story line ,very well written.
0307269752|5.0|This is the best crime fiction I have read in many years. It's a real thriller with well-drawn characters you become very involved with and won't forget, and at the same time takes on big issues of power, justice, morality and corruption in a country we always think of as the model of propriety. Very well written, it is a book you won't want to put down once you get started. I can hardly wait for the forthcoming books in the series.
B000WGWQG8|5.0|It's obvious why this television series won so many awards.  It's amazing.  I only wish that taking history in school could be as interesting.
B00002SWEM|5.0|The perfect story for the most amazing performers in Latin America and the Caribbean. A must have.
1416594884|3.0|The Cold War is over, replaced by the War on Terror, and Le Carre has moved with the times with this novel of intelligence agencies falling all over themselves in attempting to catch a very curious person, who may or may not be a terrorist.<br /><br />Issa is the curious man, supposedly a Chechen, and he bears obvious signs of very ill treatment by those prison officials he has fallen afoul of. He's also an illegal alien, arriving in Hamburg, Germany by most unofficial means. To top this off, he claims to be the person who has the right to claim a very large, possibly money-laundered, bank deposit, but at the same time he's apparently so addled by his experiences and religious convictions that he won't make a forthright claim to the funds.<br /><br />Befriended by a lady lawyer who often works to normalize immigrant's status and by the bank owner who has moral qualms about that deposit, Issa is very soon the target of not one but at least four different intelligence agencies. It is in the actions and portrayed thought processes of the people in these agencies that Le Carre's strength and message becomes evident, as it quickly becomes evident that these agencies care little about whether Issa is really a terrorist, but merely want to be able to prove that they are winning the war on terror by snagging yet another `terrorist', regardless of what the evidence really shows, and as usual picking on someone who does not have the wherewithal to defend himself. The portrait painted here goes much deeper than just the incidents of this book, and strikes some sharp barbs into the entire craziness of a world of frightened people who will seemingly do anything to ensure their own security, or at the very least not look closely at the means used to supposedly secure that peace of mind. The mind-set of the people who work for and control these agencies is very well, and quite frightfully, portrayed. It's a point that several recent books have made, but so far it doesn't seem anyone's listening, as the abuses of personal rights continue to happen with little public outcry.<br /><br />Characterization is reasonably well done, especially so for the banker and lawyer, but I remained puzzled by the depiction of Issa himself, as he never seemed to resolve into a human that made sense (but that may have been Le Carre's point). The setting and language are good, with some excellent descriptions that also frequently made small satirical points. There's not a lot of action, but the story doesn't (and shouldn't) lend itself to that kind of thing - which might be a problem if they ever decide to make a movie out of this.<br /><br />What I was not very pleased with was the ending, finding it far too abrupt and with too little closure of various sub-plots. It seemed the ending was designed to force home Le Carre's message point, to the detriment of his dramatic buildup to that point, which had been excellent. I really wish he'd continued the story beyond this point, and let us see just what the fallout of all the book's prior action was.<br /><br />--- Reviewed by Patrick Shepherd (hyperpat)as the abuses of personal rights continue to happen with little public outcry.     Characterization is reasonably well done, especially so for the banker and lawyer, but I remained puzzled by the depiction of Issa himself, as he never seemed to resolve into a human that made sense (but that may have been Le Carre's point). The setting and language are good, with some excellent descriptions that also frequently made small satirical points. There's not a lot of action, but the story doesn't (and shouldn't) lend itself to that kind of thing - which might be a problem if they ever decide to make a movie out of this.     What I was not very pleased with was the ending, finding it far too abrupt and with too little closure of various sub-plots. It seemed the ending was designed to force home Le Carre's message point, to the detriment of his dramatic buildup to that point, which had been excellent. I really wish he'd continued the story beyond this point, and let us see just what the fallout of all the book's prior action was.     --- Reviewed by Patrick Shepherd (hyperpat)
0385340990|5.0|I kept hearing about \\"that potato book\\" and how much I'd love it.  My SIL gave me a copy for my birthday and all I can say, now that I've finished it is, \\"Oh what a marvelous book!\\" Having just finished a re-read of 87 Charring Cross, I was even more enamored of the plot device of letters and telegrams, etc to tell the story. So much about this book appealed to me-- from the characters, to the setting and the retelling of a dark period in our history. I love a book that captures me and carries me away, and when I come back, my spirit is refreshed and I am more knowledgeable on a subject, too. Brava Mary Ann Shaffer and Annie Barrows. And thank you.<br /><br />One of my favorite reads of the year, and in this, I am happy to follow the crowd of other readers. How can you go wrong with a book about books, or a relationship that begins with a name written inside a used edition of Charles Lamb??
0061537934|5.0|I couldn't put this book down.  I read it in one day.  I laughed and I cried, sometimes at the same time.  If you love dogs, you will love this book. This book looks at life (one family's life in particular) from a dog's perspective.
0312427646|4.0|A clever little book, as much about the joy and discovery of falling in love with reading and books as it is about the quirks of politics and hangers-on about the throne. (I suppose there's a term for all those folks, but in the relief of having my mother come through surgery with flying colors, my brain is mush.)<br /><br />There were several times that I thought the Queen spot on in her observations about books. I wonder how closely the character of Elizabeth II in this book runs with the real gal. Behind closed doors she may be passionate about her books and a closet BookCrosser!
0061537934|5.0|Simply, an outstanding book.  I have been an avid reader since the age of 6 (and I am over 50!).  This is really one of the best books I have read.  Why?  Well, whether you are a dog lover does does not really matter since Enzo is quite the philosopher; the story has twists and turns that get you hooked to the point where you can't put the book down; and it also very adroitly addresses and, in a very nice way, offers some answers to many major life issues.  I hope to read more from this wonderful author.
1592332803|5.0|Such a great cookbook for anyone, vegan or otherwise.  The recipes taste the same and even better then their non-vegan counterparts.  Personally I love the Banana Chocolate Chip Muffins, The Chocolate Cake, the German Apple cake, and the list goes on.  Your family and or spouse will really enjoy this book!
B001C08RHA|4.0|Great plot, even if you never read the comic book you up to speed from the begining!
B00000DD1S|5.0|This is the most spiritual free jazz I've ever heard.  It's almost free jazz infused with gospel.  The titles of the songs are almost all spiritual in nature (Holy Ghost, Our Prayer, Divine Peacemaker), and when Albert Ayler blows his horn, you feel he's touched by the divine, that the music is coming straight from Albert's soul to our souls.  Ayler is as good as Coltrane, Coleman, or Brotzmann, but he goes to a level that they don't, as he finds a deeper, more profound music than those immensely talented gentlemen do.  Coltrane's free jazz period was magnificent, and there was a spiritual element in his work (like Ascension), but Ayler seems to really feeling it more.<br /><br />The tracks Truth is Marching In and Our Prayer are exceptionally moving, and the invention of the musicians on all tracks is nothing short of amazing.  Anyone free jazz aficiando has to put this album in their collection, or their title of free jazz aficiando will be revoked.  Ayler doesn't get as much name recognition as the above musicians (especially Coltrane and Coleman), but he deserves to.  His contributions to jazz are just as astounding as anyone's.  If he only had lived a little longer.  Ayler's story is a tragic one.  He ended up killing himself at a ridiculously young 34 years old.  Such a pity, but the music here lives on, and it's astonishing nearly 40 years after it was recorded.
0930289234|5.0|Watchmen is arguably the most important graphic novel ever written. It established the medium of the graphic novel henceforth as one to be taken seriously and placed alongside film as the new pictorial artform in which complex stories with rich thematic material could be displayed upon a reticulated grid of visual images. And so a new cycle of American pop can be regarded as having begun with its appearance in 1986 (the graphic novel itself was, by then, only a decade or so old, beginning with Richard Corben's Bloodstar in the mid-seventies).<br /><br /> However, within the larger and already (by 1986) very long running cycle of the mythology of the comic book superhero, Watchmen belongs to the end of the particular development that began in the 1930s with comic strip heroes like Buck Rogers, Flash Gordon and Tarzan. For the main theme of Watchmen is that the universe of the comic book hero is coming to an end, and so Watchmen represents, as it were, a vision of its Kali Yuga or, in Wagnerian terms, its Twilight.<br /><br /> Watchmen, the first serious graphic novel (after Frank Miller's Dark Knight Returns, that is) opens up a window into the twilight of the superhero universe which had begun with its Golden Age in the 1930s, its Silver Age in the 1950s and its \\"Bronze Age\\" during the Marvel Renaissance of the 1970s. During the 1980s, with the appearance of The Dark Knight Returns, Watchmen and Neil Gaiman's Sandman, the universe of the superhero entered into its sunset years, for all three works are based upon a serious questioning of many of the basic premises of the comic book universe taken for granted by its creators.<br /><br /> One of those premises is that superheroes do not die. Another is that they do not grow old and retire. Another is that they are not psychotic, but sane and rational individuals whose ability to discern good from evil can be generally relied upong. And still another is that they always (eventually) win the battle against evil.<br /><br /> In Watchmen, Alan Moore discards all of these premises, for the story begins like a classic noir novel with a murder and then proceeds to spend the rest of its narrative investigating the causes of that murder. In this case, the murder in question is that of a superhero named Edward Blake, a.k.a. the Comedian, who has been found dead, while the superhero known only as Rorschach has decided to investigate. Rorschach does not have a face, only an ever changing rorschach blot, and his investigative methods immediately demonstrate to the reader that he is a psychopath and a sadist, for he tortures people in order to get information out of them, and takes pleasure in murdering those whom he believes to be criminals. Rorschach discovers that there is a plot to do away with superheroes, for his former acquaintance Dr. Manhattan soon exiles himself to Mars in shame as a result of learning from the media that his superpowers have given cancer to all his friends and former lovers. Adrian Veidt, formerly the superhero known as Ozymandias, who is the head of a huge transnational corporation known as Veidt Industries suffers an attempt upon his life; and Hollis Mason, the former and earlier incarnation of a Batman look - alike known as Nite Owl is murdered by an angry mob. Rorschach himself is arrested and put into prison.<br /><br /> In the universe of the superhero as envisioned by Alan Moore, we are introduced to a series of wash ups, sell outs and retirees. Dan Dreiberg, the recent incarnation of Nite Owl, is fortyish and has hung up his costume; the mysterious, Silver Surfer - like Dr. Manhattan works on physics projects for the United States Government (prior to his murder, the Comedian had also been employed by the U.S. Government, who sent him out on routine missions to topple Latin American dictatorships). An official bill known as the Keene Act, furthermore, has recently been passed, which outlaws all superhero vigilantism.<br /><br /> The call for the retirees toreturn to action comes when Laurie Jupiter walks out on her superhero husband Dr. Manhattan and goes to stay with Dan Dreiberg (the second, and most recent, incarnation of Nite Owl). The two fall in love and become nostalgic about their former status as superheroes and soon decide to break Rorschach out of jail and find out who has been killing off their friends. Eventually the trail leads them to the former superhero Ozymandias, a.k.a. Adrian Veidt, who is a sort of cross between Howard Hughes and L. Ron Hubbard, for Veidt is one of the richest - and also most intelligent - men alive, and from his fortress of solitude located at Antarctica runs a corporation that manufactures superhero action figures, toys, games and also a self-help cult called the \\"Veidt Method,\\" a sort of Tony Robbins - style pep talk designed to make any man into an effective fashioner of his own destiny.<br /><br /> When Nite Owl and Rorschach travel to Antarctica in Nite Owl's Bat-mobile style air ship, they confront Adrian Veidt and discover that he had killed the Comedian because the Comedian had already figured out Veidt's master plan of ending the Cold War by launching an attack on New York City in an effort to bring the nations together. Veidt has designed a bizarre giant monster with tentacles and has learned the technology of teleportation, and decided to teleport this giant monster right into the middle of New York City, instantly killing off half its population. By the time Nite Owl and Rorschach have confronted him, they learn that this event has already taken place and that Veidt's plan has been successful, for Russia announces its intent to withdraw from Afghanistan immediately and call off hostilities towards America. Dr. Manhattan, hitherto at work on building his own fortress of solitude on Mars, materializes at the last moment for a showdown with Veidt, but once he has realized the success of Veidt's plan, he disappears into another dimension, vowing to leave humanity behind and work on creating his own worlds.<br /><br /> Veidt is successful and the Cold War ends. The superheroes retire for good. Dan Dreiberg and Laurie Jupiter marry (Rorschach has been killed in the battle by Dr. Manhattan) and all is well that ends well.<br /><br />So what's Watchmen really about and why is it so great?<br /><br /> Watchmen is about the conflict between globalization and the local mythos of the New York - centric cult of the superhero. Superheroes were called into being during the Great Depression in order to defend the cosmopolis of New York from attack by mythical beings from the astral plane. It is a local and very particularly regional myth born, grown and shaped within and for the city of Manhattan.<br /><br /> But former superhero Adrian Veidt, the novel's villain, is the head of a transnational corporation - that is, a corporation that is not wed to any particular geography -- Veidt Industries, and intends to wipe out his former superhero friends so that they will not attempt to forestall his global plan of ending the Cold War. We note that not only is Veidt successful in ending the Cold War, but he is also successful at ending the entire world of the superhero, for by the story's conclusion they have all disappeared into retirement, death or alternate dimensions as the direct consequence of the success of his plan.<br /><br /> Also take note that Veidt attacks New York from his fortress of solitude which is located in a sealed off glass dome on the continent of Antarctica, so it is very much as though New York were being attacked by planetary energies.<br /><br /> Alan Moore, as a British artist sensitive to changes in the ether, is here dramatizing before our very eyes the coming death of the superhero mythos at the hands of transnational globalization, for the two are apparently completely at odds with one another. The myth of the comic book superhero is local to New York, for it was born in the 1930s prior to the globalization forces that World War II brought into being, since one of the end results of that war was the launching of the Russian satellite Sputnik into orbit in 1957, which effectively globalized the planet by placing it inside a dome of electric technology. (The superhero was designed to protect New York, not the entire planet). Just as Adrian Veidt places a simulated tropical environment inside a glass dome at his fortress on Antarctica, so we have placed the entire planet since Sputnik inside of a technological dome. That very act already announced the end of the superhero mythos, since it relativized New York's importance on the global stage to that of merely one city state amongst many others all now gathered together under the single umbrella of global capitalism.<br /><br /> Insofar as the superhero fails to adapt himself to the new global circumstances - James Bond, for instance, is a new adaptation, for he is the world's first truly global hero - his mythology and way of life are in trouble. The downloading of superhero comics into celluloid narratives, furthermore, is not the beginning, but rather the ending, of his popularity, for once the download is complete - in about one more decade - interest in superheroes will wane and eventually vanish, exactly as predicted by Moore's Watchmen.<br /><br /> Finally, let us not forget that Moore's novel has already made at least one prediction that has come to pass, i.e. the assault on New York City by a giant monster with tentacles in the form of Al Qaeda with its delocalized network of sleeper cells distributed over the planet.<br /><br /> The moment of the supreme popularity of a cultural form marks the advent of its disappearance, not the height of its development. This is known as a \\"sunset effect,\\" - the most elaborate suits of armor, for instance, came in during the 16th century, just when armor was made irrelevant by the arrival of gunpowder - and Moore's Watchmen is a text that can be set aside as marking the senescence of the New York cult of the superhero.<br /><br /> Watchmen is a mighty, Wagnerian achievement and has so far not yet been surpassed in the history of the graphic novel as a medium.<br /><br />--John David Ebert, author of \\"The New Media Invasion.\\"nd work on creating his own worlds.<br /><br /> Veidt is successful and the Cold War ends. The superheroes retire for good. Dan Dreiberg and Laurie Jupiter marry (Rorschach has been killed in the battle by Dr. Manhattan) and all is well that ends well.<br /><br />So what's Watchmen really about and why is it so great?<br /><br /> Watchmen is about the conflict between globalization and the local mythos of the New York - centric cult of the superhero. Superheroes were called into being during the Great Depression in order to defend the cosmopolis of New York from attack by mythical beings from the astral plane. It is a local and very particularly regional myth born, grown and shaped within and for the city of Manhattan.<br /><br /> But former superhero Adrian Veidt, the novel's villain, is the head of a transnational corporation - that is, a corporation that is not wed to any particular geography -- Veidt Industries, and intends to wipe out his former superhero friends so that they will not attempt to forestall his global plan of ending the Cold War. We note that not only is Veidt successful in ending the Cold War, but he is also successful at ending the entire world of the superhero, for by the story's conclusion they have all disappeared into retirement, death or alternate dimensions as the direct consequence of the success of his plan.<br /><br /> Also take note that Veidt attacks New York from his fortress of solitude which is located in a sealed off glass dome on the continent of Antarctica, so it is very much as though New York were being attacked by planetary energies.<br /><br /> Alan Moore, as a British artist sensitive to changes in the ether, is here dramatizing before our very eyes the coming death of the superhero mythos at the hands of transnational globalization, for the two are apparently completely at odds with one another. The myth of the comic book superhero is local to New York, for it was born in the 1930s prior to the globalization forces that World War II brought into being, since one of the end results of that war was the launching of the Russian satellite Sputnik into orbit in 1957, which effectively globalized the planet by placing it inside a dome of electric technology. (The superhero was designed to protect New York, not the entire planet). Just as Adrian Veidt places a simulated tropical environment inside a glass dome at his fortress on Antarctica, so we have placed the entire planet since Sputnik inside of a technological dome. That very act already announced the end of the superhero mythos, since it relativized New York's importance on the global stage to that of merely one city state amongst many others all now gathered together under the single umbrella of global capitalism.<br /><br /> Insofar as the superhero fails to adapt himself to the new global circumstances - James Bond, for instance, is a new adaptation, for he is the world's first truly global hero - his mythology and way of life are in trouble. The downloading of superhero comics into celluloid narratives, furthermore, is not the beginning, but rather the ending, of his popularity, for once the download is complete - in about one more decade - interest in superheroes will wane and eventually vanish, exactly as predicted by Moore's Watchmen.<br /><br /> Finally, let us not forget that Moore's novel has already made at least one prediction that has come to pass, i.e. the assault on New York City by a giant monster with tentacles in the form of Al Qaeda with its delocalized network of sleeper cells distributed over the planet.<br /><br /> The moment of the supreme popularity of a cultural form marks the advent of its disappearance, not the height of its development. This is known as a \\"sunset effect,\\" - the most elaborate suits of armor, for instance, came in during the 16th century, just when armor was made irrelevant by the arrival of gunpowder - and Moore's Watchmen is a text that can be set aside as marking the senescence of the New York cult of the superhero.<br /><br /> Watchmen is a mighty, Wagnerian achievement and has so far not yet been surpassed in the history of the graphic novel as a medium.<br /><br />--John David Ebert, author of \\"The New Media Invasion.\\"
B000A6T1JU|5.0|RECIEVED THIS MOVIE FAST  PACKAGING WAS AWESOME    THIS IS A RARE FIND AND SELLER HAD IT  LOVE THIS MOVIE     ITS A MUST SEE    THANKS
B001DU8T6I|5.0|This CD is excellent for a first release. Demi is very talented and we love the JoBros in \\"on the Line\\".  We would love to hear more from this talented teenager.
0385340990|5.0|This is my favorite book of the year!  Like many of the other reviewers of this book, it made me smile.  I really want to go to the Islands to see where much of this book takes place.  Don't wait to read this book!  Pass it on and share the joy!
B001AJVR5M|5.0|This is such a great CD!  We love all the JoBros CDs, but this is their best to date.  The vocals on \\"Can't have you\\" and \\"Lovebug\\" are amazing. We also love the title song and it's message Nick shares with other diabetics. Buy it!
B001AW9DKK|1.0|These guys are left wing scumbags. They should stick to playing music and keeping their political views to themselves. We don't need their B.S. Just because you are rich and famous does NOT give you the right to spew your venom all over our country. Free speech. We all have free speech because of the SOLDIER! Never forget that! Too bad we don't ALL have access to microphones and thousands of people in arenas. Then we could show the other side. The right side. If the country sucks so bad, get the hell out of here! We don't want you! You make a fortune here and buy mansions etc etc etc and all you do is complain! Wah Wah! Life is tough aint it! Crawl back into your limo a drive somewhere far, far away!
B000WGWQG8|4.0|I highly recommend the John Adams series which brings history to life.  They have done an amazing job at creating a Boston of the founding era as well as Philadelphia and Washington, D.C.  John Adams was the first president to live in the White House which seems to have been surrounded by mud.
B00009027B|5.0|I bought this album 12 years ago and I've been listening to it over and over again. It was the first MDB CD I've bought and, after buying all the others, I still think it is the best one.    The harmony between the violin and the guitars are just perfect and Aaron's vocals sounds better and more melancholic than ever. I think this is a perfect album in all possible aspects.
B0019FOC5E|5.0|The movie itself is a decent musical. The music is great and definitely worth buying the CD or MP3 download.
0307387178|5.0|When one examines the short but eventful life of Christopher Mccandless it would be very easy to either dismiss him as an ignorant (possibly suicidal) fool, or an enigmatic icon of self reliance and non-compromise. Jon Krakauer, equipped with an understanding of searching souls born of experience, reaches the perfect equilibrium. He does not make the young man more than what he was, but he does not dismiss him as an idiot. Jon understands that Chris was thoroughly human, he wasn't all the things he set out to be, he was in the process of becoming, as are we all. This account is written with economy, lucidity and most importantly passion. For without passion, the driving force behind the wandering young man, it would be impossible to empathize with this enigmatic, restless soul.
B000E41MS6|5.0|I bought this DvD set for my husband for a Christmas present.  I haven't opened it yet,  but I know these videos are cool!
1582701709|4.0|This is a great inspirational read. You must maintain an open mind and accept a new way of looking at your life within the universe. If you live by the code of \\"what you do reflects upon you\\" than you will definitely find yourself in this book.
0895260131|5.0|I was so gripped reading this book that I couldn't put it down.He exposes the fact that when we see our Presidents and Prime Ministers calling Islam \\"a religion of peace\\" that they don't know what they're talking about.The contrasts between Muhammad and Jesus in every chapter are very telling.The terrorists aren't fanatics but merely those who take their Qurans seriously and all non muslims should know it.I'm also glad that he sets the record straight about the crusades and Islamic expansionism.It's a very useful read and one I heartily recommend.
0790733226|5.0|Looking back in time modern science fiction had one of its main scientists, writers, philosophers and visionaires in one name: Carl Sagan, the author of the novel in which is based the movie.<br /><br />The making of the movie gives a very near and sub-realistic intent in the searching of \\"green littles\\", all right that maybe means \\"live in Mars\\", \\"Aliens\\" or just \\"ET's\\" but in a very intelligent secuence. Jodie Foster who interprets the scientist Eleanor Arroway and in along the movie is the principal character (since the beggining when she was a child), gives a very strong image to those scientists who believes in science and in themselves.<br /><br />Another very strong mates in the movie are Matthew McConaughey as Palmer Josh, the religious adviser from the White House and the Arroway's semi-sentimental partner, but more impresive is how all the trama develops in a very realistic secuence and the world's looking for this kind of contact.<br /><br />But seriously Carl Sagan let think us about a vision who can happen maybe in the future, all the elements are teorically logical and his arguments are facts that could impact forever in the human kingdom history. Too seriuos is the history that Robert Zemekis and crew recluted a lot of existent talents with their own live characters as like in first place the same President of the United States Bill Clinton, Larry King, Jay Leno, Geraldo Rivera, Geraldine Ferraro, Kathleen Kennedy and others who plays their role as the same real life.<br /><br />But the rest of actors as Tom Skerritt, David Morse, James Woods, Rob Lowe, Angela Bassett (how you remembers me a lot to Mrs. Condoleeza Rice girl!) and John Hurt (impactant character for S.R. Hadden) gives more credibility to this genius and intrigant sci-fi state-of-art movie.<br /><br />Highly recomended to see this movie again and again, you'll never be bored, you'll be contacted.
B0018PH3L0|3.0|On the DVD box and on the cover, it was clearly marked  \\"English subtitle\\" as a feature. So we bought this DVD as a gift to a hearing impaired person.<br /><br />There was no subtitle. We were really disappointed.
0553583182|4.0|Book came in great conidtion, took a few extra days than others purchased.   And it is the BEST book I have ever read.
B001DDBCUU|5.0|I enjoy the movie as much as I enjoy the whole six seasons of TV shows.
0375826726|5.0|This is a great book. Paolini continues the story well, although some of the outcomes are expected. Some, however, I wouldn't have expected at all. Be warned though - the story doesn't finish with this book!
B000YEUUCK|5.0|when i orderet that product i dont havent blu ray player yet that i buyed later .When i first but Celine dion in to the bluray drive and wathed that CyberLink PowerDVD8 and clickit sound option dolby True HD 5.1 and when i heard  that sound it was crystal clear and the picture was 1080p and was beatiful and to crystal clear it was smasher for me. And then i looked standart DVD and thinked what a crap.Then later i ordered Indiana Jones and the The Kingtom of The Crystal Skull and same thing like celine dion.
B000A2W1X2|5.0|This is an excellent film, of a Period Victorian Romance, which I consider to be a favorite.  Quality performances by Sophie Marceau and stephen Dillane ... A Classic.
1427206465|5.0|Great Book!  A Long Way Gone receives a lot of criticsm as book b/c the author, whose second language is Englsih, wrote the book at a \\"low and simple\\" level.  As an audio book, the author's native accent and culture shine through really adding to the power, message, and personal connection you make with the story.  I loved it, and could not be happier that I purchased this audio book.  It's sad yet hopeful, and will twist your emotions.  Great book for just about anyone!
B0012QE4Q2|4.0|This was an enjoyable film that had substance but did not measure up to the, fine TV series, The Tudors.
031606792X|5.0|After reading all four books in the span of a week, I came to the conclusion that Breaking Dawn was by far the best in the series. It had the most wit, passion, drama, and creativity. I actually laughed and then cried aloud. Enjoy!
B00002Z88D|5.0|As a long term fan of Metallica this album was an interesting way to revisit all of the songs that have been screaming out of my stereo over the past 20yrs.  The best album they've put out since And Justice for All...
B000Q66PXE|5.0|Loved the series, hoping for season 3.  This is a great series based on history.
B00192KCQ0|2.0|I'll start by saying I've been a fan of Metallica for over 20yrs and have seen them live a handful of times, hence I think I qualify to provide a review...even if it's not a positive one.    Death Magnetic starts out strong, first few tracks show the boys can still play fast and loud...but half way thru the album you start to realize how noisy the rocording is...flashbacks to St Anger? yes... Also you realize that James is losing his voice.  He was never reknowned for his vocals but now I question whether the band not only needed a new bassist but maybe also a vocalist...  The song structures are not interesting and make you wonder if these are the same guys that wrote the Lighting, Puppets and Justice masterpieces...  Guitar solo's? Kirk is one of the best heavy metal guitar players out there, you would never know that from this album.   This album makes me ask why does the band still make albums and question if they should just quit? Anyone notice that Metallica did make much better music before they threw Jason out of the band?    I could accept the Black album when it came out, as well as few songs of their load, re-load, unload ect...but the past 3 studio albums have been a disaster..  St Anger would have been good, if they recorded it properly and I would think they would have learned their lesson there and recorded this album with the clean tones of And Justice for all...nope...more garbage.    Not their best work and not an album that will be remembered...
B001453LSI|4.0|The Cocktail clarity of Worrisome Heart will hopefully get fans to go back to the progenitors of this type of musical seduction.  Please refer to Helen Merrill and Bloosom Deary.  More recently,  I would suggest listening to all the music of supreme interpretive stylist Holly Cole.
B000000ZGO|5.0|I recently heard \\" By the time I get to Phoneix \\" on a local college radio show and was blasted away with the orchestration in this song. The funky horns with the hard rhythm and the smooth voice of Black Moses telling of a story of how is woman did him wrong. I enjoyed every cut on this disc a must buy for people who enjoy music from that Funky era.So don't walk on by......................Enjoy
0375826726|4.0|Brisingr is a very long book, weighing in at over 700 pages, it, IMHO, is better than Eldest by a long shot, but still didn't quite capture my imagination the way Eragon did. Some very important revelations are made which make all 700 pages worthwhile.      The first few chapters were a bit slow to me, and harder to get through, and there were other spots throughout the book that were a bit more work to read...the internal struggles got a bit old and I ended up wanting Eragon to quit whining sometimes and get on with the action. But those places did not ruin the rest of the book.     Overall 4 stars. But have book 1 on hand, you'll want to go back and reread with the knowledge you gain from Brisingr.
0446402389|5.0|Impossible to put down. I've given the book to five people who have had the same reaction. Bought the book for my husbands Kindle he had the same reaction. I won't mention any plot facts as each action leads to another element of the story. A must read for historical fiction or simple mystery lovers.
B00004XQ83|5.0|Bought this CD as USED but it looks and sounds as good as new.  This music is haunting, beautiful, or charming...depending on the specific tune.  This is really pre-country / bluegrass classical folk stuff.  You will either understand its origins and love it, or think it is stupid.
1569242739|5.0|Vegan Cupcakes Take Over The World is one of the best recipe books I've ever read. Not only is it amazingly detailed and clear but it is also funny -I found myself laughing at many of the commentaries and advises Isa and Terry give.  I recently became a vegetarian and I hope I can make the conversion to a vegan lifestyle in the future as I am not yet ready to make that change.  I identify myself as a vegetarian, however, if I can make food or buy a product that supports vegan lifestyle, I will buy it or make it. I hope it is not seen from vegan's and vegetarian's point of view as a hypocrite thing to do. I feel like whatever I can do to help out both lifestyles, I will do.  This is an amazing book. The cupcakes I've made have become pretty popular between my friends and people at my University. I've also had the chance to spread the word about vegetarianism and veganism (there's people here who didn't even know what it was). I am very happy and look forward to buying more of Isa's and Terry's books.    Andrea
B001D25MNE|5.0|The first disc is great, it's got all the classics in one place. But it's the second disc with the Electronic Battle Weapons 1-10 that really make this  boxset sweet. I think if I had  bought the standard one disc edition I would have been really dissapointed overall, because most of those tracks are on there other singles collection already. But I've been listening to the second disc constantly, it makes an awesome backdrop to my poi routine and for glowsticking.
1416594884|4.0|So Mr. Kakutani, the celebrated NY Times reviewer, wrote about A Most Wanted Man, the reader could see the ending looming a mile off. He was lukewarm about the tone of the book. Mr. Alan Furst, the celebrated modern Spy novelist, called it the best Le Carre ever.   And of course, when there are such diverse opinions from people good in their business, the truth is somewhere in the middle.   What is the middle?  Mr. Le Carre in his last few books, the very readable Absolute Friends and others (Constant Gardner and Mission Song)not in the same league, has demonstrated almost an Hollywood actor's left wing mentality. In a writer, such persistence is mark of being predictable. He is still read and revered for the Karla saga, the three books: Tinker Tailor and Smiley's People absolute masterpieces, Honorable Schoolboy, tolerable; and he has never been the same since Smiley's farewell performance in a little episode of The Secret Pilgrim, a book well worth reading.   Yet, A Most Wanted Man starts off in the classic thriller/spy tradition. An unknown young man, later known as Issa, seeking refuge with a young Turkish man and his mother. In a rather surprising way, when Issa, a non-traditional but devout Muslim, misppropriates a photo of Melik's sister about to be married and keeps it in his room, his indignation is totally ignored by his mother. These are some of the jarring notes that keep creeping up in the story. Another is the young ideal lawyer, Frau Richter, who picks up cudgels on behalf of Issa and then caves in so completely that it is beyond understanding.  But these are quibbles.   The main glue that keeps the book together is the telling of it. The writing is the best Le Carre has done in a long long time. From the way Tommy Brue hangs up his jacket on the back of the chair to how he receives the news of his daughter being pregnant, the words flow like peaceful leaves going downstream of a quiet river. There is nothing artificial about way Le Carre pens the novel. Its a natural. He's written this book like a Dickens on a leash. Even if one did not believe a word of the book, the pleasure of reading it is enormous.  It is post 9/11. The place is Hamburg, carefully selected to throw some grayness to the final ending. Mohammad Atta was in a cell in that country, Mr. Le Carre does not forget to make a sly dig at the British for the reckless bombing at the end of the war, and understandably, the German government is concerned.  The spies, spooks, gather. Tommy Brue is suitably surprised at the revelation of his guests that they are from MI5 and that his father and the bank were involved in some shady deals. He gives in too easily, same as Ms. Richter. Why? Just the mention of Terrorism?  Is that where Mr. Le Carre's mind is?   Middle of the book is a sheer revisiting of Smiley interrogating the secretaries of Circus, here it is Brue's major helper. Again, the character development is by a few well chosen words and one realizes how good the author is. Some of the interrogation, no, nothing like water boarding or any tortures, remind one of Crime and Punishment. There is no gore or shooting or descriptions given in many current books, which should belong to the horror genre. Mr. Le Carre effectively minimizes the violence of interrogation, of course what happens outside of Germany, especially in Russia, is a different story.   All that good work kind of gets spoilt by the ending. Not quite expected, as the NY Times said, but more disappointing like . . .  Is it a morality fable, straight novel or a spy book?  All of them, as the writer is not able to make up his mind. He needed to spend more time in the writing. There is no point in a book every year (like Christie for Christmas)when it sinks in its own indecision.   That is the opinion of a mystery/spy fan. On the contrary, this is such a forcefully written book, like a well cut/polished diamond, the brilliance of which depends upon one's point of view.  You have to read it.
0385504209|3.0|Everyone on the planet has felt the need to weigh in on this book, decrying it as blasphemy, screaming about whether or not the Knights Templars and the Priory were real, or, further, whether they had anything to do with the Sange Real or the Mergovian line, whether Christ died for our sins, whether He lived at all, etc.<br /><br />First, this is a work of fiction. People became so angered about the alleged premise here that they seem to have forgotten that Dan Brown wrote this book as fiction and sold it as such. Books like Michael Piaget Holy Blood Holy Grail cover whether or not any of this is real. But even accepting that Brown never made any representation and people take things like this way too seriously, this book got too much press. This is not a bad book. It's well-enough written, and relatively fast-paced. But it's not a GREAT book, and not even the best of Brown's \\"heretical\\" novels (an honour I would reserve for Angels and Demons.) If this book had been about anything in the world other than suggesting that Christ had a child, it would have been on the bargain rack in most airports behind the unsold John Grishams within a week.<br /><br />Remember, kiddies: Just because it's controversial does NOT mean it's great literature. (For further lessons on the medicocre-book-propelled-to-international-stardom-by-religion, please see The Satanic Verses) [close]
B000F5GNX8|5.0|What can I say?  Robert Downey Jr. and Val Kilmer nailed this one.  Their dynamic is really something special. The plot is quite good and has enough mini twists to keep you busy and into it.  Great movie, must own!
B000PST4XQ|5.0|This item came within two weeks with not a mark on it! It is perfect and much appreciated.
B000002JA8|3.0|This is a good album. I would not say that it is my favorite of all the Pet Shop Boys albums that I own, but it comes pretty close. It is nothing compared to Very, but I do think it is better than their latest, Fundamental (which is good in its own right). The Latin styles are attractive and the second half of the CD is even better than the first in my opinion. I would definitely recommend this album for fans, but I can't say how well the casual listener would like this particular one. Three stars!     -MH
B001CQONKY|5.0|I started watching this show since it first aired. My ex-girlfriend got me hooked immediately. The creativity doesn't seem to go away and the characters are really the best. I don't like CSI NY or Miami and I'm not a fan of those other crime shows, but I just can't get enough of this one.
031606792X|1.0|I thought this book was poorly written.  There was no plot except a girl getting knocked up from her vamp boyfriend and not getting an abortion when she should have because that baby had a 99.9% chance of killing her!  I also hated the daughter.  Sorry Twilight lovers, but I just wanted the Volturi to just kill her already.  The first book was good, but the other books went downhill fast and it was plainly boring!  Jacob Black is the only good character out of this book. DO NOT GET THIS BOOK!  Save your 25 bucks.  Get Eragon or something, that's a good book!
B0019CSXAM|5.0|This show is LEGEND... wait for it and I hope you're not lactose intolerant because the next half of that word is.... DARY! Yeah! I truly love this show. My wife and I have none stop laughs and once we start watching we cannot shut it off. We had forbid watching it in bedroom because we would stay up til the wee hours of the morning. I hope they continue with the show at least another 2 seasons. I really love it.
B000E1YVZU|5.0|RENT is the best musical out there. The rock opera mix is perfect, and it is a must buy for musical lovers out there. However, some may find the contents a little disturbing due to the fact that it is during the AIDS pandemic (IDK if that's what it would be called really). All in all..Great Movie.
031606792X|4.0|After reading the first 3 books in this saga, I had high hopes for the fourth installment. Sadly, it didn't wrap it up as I would have wished. Bella does became a Vampire (finally) but not without several missteps in my opinion.<br /><br />Bella and Edward finally tie the knot and do the deed, it's too bad that Meyer writes the love scenes as fade to black, but I guess she was keeping in mind the younger set that has been reading these novels. Still, Bella is human, not turned yet. So since Edward and Bella consummate the marriage she gets pregnant. When Edward realizes she is with child he is none too pleased, with-in a matter of weeks the baby inside her grows considerably, threatening her very life. He wants her to get an abortion to save herself, but she refuses and decides to keep the baby...meanwhile she enlist the help of Rosalie to make sure no one forces her to get rid of the child. It's at this point that the book takes a dreadful turn that sadly left me a little bit sick and depressed about where Meyers took the characters. First she has Edward fighting Bella at every turn to rid herself of the child (\\"it\\" as he calls it), then she has Bella trying to keep a baby that is clearly killing her and that she will give birth to in a matter of months -- not in 9 months. Not to mention Rosalie??? Who in each book before has been nothing much more than a total snob and brat, but now she is Bella's only protector and is dead set on making sure Bella has the child even though it is going to kill her. Jacob (the love struck Werewolf) shows up of course and is disgusted over Bella's appearance and decision to keep the child as well. Then there are a few chapters all thru Jacobs's eyes, which is very frustrating. Several chapters in, Bella begins to give birth - which how Meyers writes it reminded me of a horror scene from \\"Alien\\" when the bloody baby alien shoots from the man's chest (not pleasant). The intensity of the labor does actually kill Bella which forces Edward into making her a vampire in order to save her. She spends 3 days in a burning hell before she wakes up to a new world as a Vampire.<br /><br />Okay- now the book gets good...Her skills are unparallel; she has an enormous amount of control regardless of being a new born Vamp. Her child begins to grow in leaps and bounds as everyone falls in love with it, except for me, because the child reminds me way to much of Rosemary's baby - she can talk to you thru your mind, by showing you things - freaky! During all of this the head Vampires in Italy grow restless and decide that they would like to add some new blood to their court. They are of course very interested in Bella, Edward, and Alice who all have special skills that they wish to obtain by means of force if necessary, they use the birth of their child as an excuse to come check things out. For fear for their child and their life's they join forces with several other vampires and the Were's. This all leads to a show down where vampires and werewolves may battle it out in a last stand sort of way.<br /><br />First half pretty good, middle not that great, end awesome!making her a vampire in order to save her. She spends 3 days in a burning hell before she wakes up to a new world as a Vampire.     Okay- now the book gets good...Her skills are unparallel; she has an enormous amount of control regardless of being a new born Vamp. Her child begins to grow in leaps and bounds as everyone falls in love with it, except for me, because the child reminds me way to much of Rosemary's baby - she can talk to you thru your mind, by showing you things - freaky! During all of this the head Vampires in Italy grow restless and decide that they would like to add some new blood to their court. They are of course very interested in Bella, Edward, and Alice who all have special skills that they wish to obtain by means of force if necessary, they use the birth of their child as an excuse to come check things out. For fear for their child and their life's they join forces with several other vampires and the Were's. This all leads to a show down where vampires and werewolves may battle it out in a last stand sort of way.     First half pretty good, middle not that great, end awesome!
B000059LGC|5.0|Death on the Nile (1978)    A good mix of American and European actors.   Older audiences will recognize the cast of the day.     Mia Farrow   Betty Davis   Angela Lansbury (Murder She Wrote)--> who brings some humor to the story   Olivia Hussey (Romeo and Juliet 1968)   Lois Chiles (James Bond Moonraker)  Peter Ustinov   David Niven    David Suchet, the current Poirot of 2004, is definitely the better Poirot.     Maybe with a little CGI technology and reinacting, Suchet can be included with the 1978 film.   Far fetched? It worked with an episode of Star Trek: Deep Space 9. The cast went back in time to the days of Kirk and Spock in \\"Trouble with Tribbles\\" episode.
B0011UBDTK|5.0|I can watch the seasons over and over again! I love the girls journey to finding love!!!
B000H0SW58|5.0|this is a must have for any Pink Floyd fan, although video & quality are poor. I'd rather have this DVD than no DVD at all. If you really like Floyd's live performances, buy it
B001DDBCUU|5.0|This is an amazing movie! I think it will be their only but I would totally go for more sex and the city!
0375826726|5.0|This is the best one of the series so far. A great continuation of the story, with lots of twists and turns.
B001CBW18A|5.0|When i first got exposed to Slipknot in '99 i thought that this band was what i'd been craving for years, however; it never dawned on me that they'd be around ten years later. But thank God(umm i mean Satan) they are still here. It sounded like after the 3rd album, Subliminal Verses, that the inner turmoil would be the death of them. Maybe it was the side projects, the demand, or my opinion the sobriety that brought them back for this project. \\"All Hope is Gone\\" is by far the MOST incredible, bombastic, and finely tuned piece of work Slipknot has produced to date. This is their \\"And Justice for All\\" their \\"Seasons in the Abyss\\" or dare i say \\"Vulgar Display of Power\\". They have created a monster that will forever be an example of what a band can accomplish after uncompromised but successful album sales amidst an inner turmoil hell-bent on destroying them the way many bands experience through their own decadence. This is a statement, \\"Hey Maggots we're here to crush your skull again just when you thought we'd never return!!!!\\" the tracks are so tight, often melodic, but never ever willing to let up with its assault. the album begins with perhaps the heaviest, unrelenting, smack you in the face song on the album, \\"Gematria\\". the follow up, \\"Sulfur\\", opens with what would be fitting for an army of Satan's minions to rock out to on their way to fulfill the Apocalypse. The duplicity becomes evident in the chorus when Taylor hits notes not unlike a power ballad. But the conflict continues one track later on the hit single, \\"Psychosocial\\". Probably the best drummer in metal, Joey Jordison, provides an attack on the skins almost daring you to try and remain still. He destroys everything in his path throughout the album, killing every chance he gets! \\"Dead Memories\\", the Slipknot version of a ballad begins on the softer side, for them, and eventually build into a massive, pounding. \\"All Hope is Gone\\" never quits for a minute. it is the record that many of US Slipknot enthusiasts have waited for. I can only patiently wait to see these songs performed live when they hit the road next year!!!!!
B0019FOC5E|5.0|great versions, makes abba's songs renewed and \\"as good as new\\". Meryl Streep and all the cast touches with their way of singing
0446579939|5.0|This is another of his books that are hard to put down.  He knows how to real us in, and does a good job.  I have all his books and will buy all his new books.
1596434252|3.0|The main quibble I have with this book is the lenticular cover.  Not only is the direction of the lenticular film completely wrong (it's 90 degrees off), the design demonstrates a complete lack of understanding of how that technology works.  It ruins what should have been a great asset to the book - imagine if the title appeared in 3D.
B001BKG9SK|5.0|This the best CD/DVD I have heard in a long time. The music is wonderful, I always loved David Gilmour's guitar, I was mesmerizied!
0764137433|5.0|I have been studying Russian for 10 years.  Anyone from Beginner and up will find this book useful.  It is very good in showing motion verbs - uni-directional & multi-directional.  It can be used to find a pattern for any regular verb not already listed in the book.  It is especially useful in finding the irregular forms.  The 501 title is a misnomer.  If you know the verbs in this book you will be able to confidently speak conversational Russian.  The layout of the pages provides a clear and concise understanding of the relationship between the Perfective and Imperfective forms.  Each entry provides the accents which are so important to clear speech.  There is a dictionary in the back of the book which allows you to find words.  Used in concert with 5,000 Russian Words (another publication) and Katzner's Russian/English dictionary you are well equipped to learn and translate from either English or Russian.
B000ZMVAXO|5.0|Cool gadget, I put my sandisk in the aux. in and play along with  my favorite songs.
B000002GBB|3.0|This was one of the first albums I ever purchased back when I was a teenager. Some people knock Styx but I think the music is really good and has stood the test of time better than other rock music from the same period. I Purchased a foreign version of this album to see if it was mastered better than the American version, but it was identical. Styx's early recordings have been remastered, when will the big selling albums like this one be done?
B0001NBMEE|5.0|I was fourteen the first I saw this movie when it was broadcast on NBC Monday Night At The Movies.  Having fallen in love with the character when I was five [fifty-five years ago] and reading the comic strip in the Sunday paper, I was quite excited when it came on TV and not dissapointed.  Today, I got my copy of the dvd.  I don't care what anyone else has to say, the movie is still as dreamily perfect as I remember it.  I LOVE the bonus of widesceen.  The color and sound are so very good.  It is wonderful.
6305428042|5.0|Ordered for my granddaughter, close to Halloween, she love it, she got in the time stated. Everything fine.
B000OVLBFS|5.0|Tom Selleck is always interesting to watch and add in the fact that these films are well made, well written and well acted, one could become addicted to the Jesse Stone stories.  I wish there were more of them.
B0000AK7AA|5.0|Ordered for my granddaughter and had it shipped to her in Avondale, AZ. Everything was fine.
B001F2W4Y2|5.0|Its been 8 years since we've heard anything new from AC/DC and it sure is good to hear them again. I bought the LP version of this and i'm wondering why this was released as a double album when the total running time for the whole album is only around 50 minutes? Most of the songs are between 3 and 4 minutes long. I am impressed that the album was pressed with 180 gram vinyl though. It sounds super smooth with no warpage at all. I can't wait to see them on their Black Ice world tour! I already have my tickets! This could possibly be the last time.
0007152590|5.0|I recommend this to anyone in a committed relationship. My husband and I each had a copy, read the chapters at the same time then discussed them; it was part of what kept our marriage together. If there's a required reading for a committed relationship this is it.
031606792X|5.0|I highly recommend this and all other titles in this series.  This was a real page turner.  Loved It!!!!  Wish the series was longer!
B000002UDB|5.0|I HAVE MOST OF THE BEATLES ON LP'S - BUT NOW THAT I AM A SENIOR CITIZEN,  I GO FOR DAILY WALKS & TAKE MY \\"CD\\" WALKMAN WITH ME, THE BEATLES MAKE WALKING A \\"BREEZE\\" BY ENTERTAINING ME!  GLAD YOU ARE AROUND AMAZON!!!!!!
B001FB55TO|3.0|Happy-Go-Lucky chronicles several days in the life of Poppy (Sally Hawkins), an intensely cheerful London primary school teacher. As she takes driving lessons from a bitter instructor (Eddie Marsan), attends a Flamenco class, parties with her roommate Zoe (Alexis Zegerman), tends to a troubled student, and visits her married sister Helen (Caroline Martin), her irrepressibly sunny disposition affords her both happiness and a few unexpected confrontations.<br /><br />The authentic performances director Mike Leigh coaxes from his always talented cast is easily the most impressive thing behind his latest dramedy. However, the characters themselves are often so depressingly enthusiastic that the heavy realism between their conversations is lost to their ability to annoy general audiences not accustomed to such presumably unrealistic personas. Undoubtedly people like Sally Hawkins' Poppy do exist - but watching them in a film is not nearly as much fun as mocking them in real life.<br /><br />And real life is a subject closely examined in Happy-Go-Lucky. Constant attempts at realism are evident, especially in the way Leigh directs his actors - starting without a script, having the characters only ever interact with others as they would in the world of the story, and keeping the actors ignorant of any of the plot elements outside of what their characters would know about. And yet with all of the so-called realism, much of it is too hard to buy. Poppy's ability to shut out all of the negative influences on her permanently cheery disposition is commendable, but when she arrives in potentially dangerous situations, it borders on simplemindedness. Fear for wellbeing is something Poppy's chipper attitude doesn't account for, though it does provide a wide spectrum of her unbiased tolerance to all.<br /><br />Poppy's character is an infinitely intriguing one as her extreme enthusiasm and optimism rarely affects others in a predictable way. A bookstore clerk seems perpetually annoyed, a social worker charmed, her sister Helen reacts jealously, and her chiding taunts and jokes to the pessimistic Scott causes anything but the desired effect. Even with several negative responses to her delighted demeanor, she never allows such criticism to change her outlook on life and her accomplishments. In this world of eccentric characters that Mike Leigh has created, perhaps Poppy is the most normal of them all.<br /><br />- The Massie Twinsarmed, her sister Helen reacts jealously, and her chiding taunts and jokes to the pessimistic Scott causes anything but the desired effect. Even with several negative responses to her delighted demeanor, she never allows such criticism to change her outlook on life and her accomplishments. In this world of eccentric characters that Mike Leigh has created, perhaps Poppy is the most normal of them all.     - The Massie Twins
B00127RAJY|5.0|This is a great DVD you will see results fast! But it's hard! If you can't do any jumping than maybe this is not the right one for you (I kind of wish I would of known that) but I just do other things to keep my heart rate up when she is doing jumping jack etc. Good value 3 work out on my DVD.
B000X5SPBI|5.0|For me this is the best of the Supernatural seasons so far. With less episodes but with a lot of demons, vampires, ghosts, humor and of course great special and visual effects compared with previous seasons. Really scary episodes with the introduction of new characters.
0596101996|4.0|This is I believe the best book about basic Javascript on the market right now.    Pros:  Technically complete, solid writing style, understandable examples, no better intro books on the market.    Cons: Authors repeatedly show that they prefer class-based object systems, which Javascript is not.  Authors do not effectively teach advanced Javascript prototype-based object usage and in fact seem to view it as a nuisance to be avoided.  Authors don't regularly use closures except in section on closures.    I would recommend following this book up with \\"Javascript: The Good Parts\\" and making sure you fully grok how to use closures to avoid namespace pollution.
0060589469|4.0|For those who are unfamiliar with philosophy, this is a very accesible book with some nice insights.  It reads like a train (although you might want to pause once in a while to think about some paragraphs).    It is a bit outdated, and I have some personal remarks concerning a few topics.
0375826726|3.0|I loved the book. It explained alot of things from the first two and has the same action and magic as well. The only thing I have to complain about is how wordy it was. I found myself skimming alot to get \\"the point\\". I feel it could of been so much shorter if he didn't have to explain every tiny little detail. There would be instances where something was happening to Eragon and then you would read 2 paragraphs about something comletely off the subject of what was happening in the book. In my head that moment would be over by the time Eragon got back from wondering about a past memory. So I did skim alot. But for the most part I love the characters and how everything starts to make more sense. So enjoy the book for what it is :)
0756404746|5.0|Kvothe is a hero and a legend.  It says so on the back of the book.  Yet the story opens in a backwoods tavern and it takes us a while to learn who Kvothe is (or not, depending on how quick you are).  As he begins his lengthy tale, we realize that this book covers his childhood and adolescence; he is not yet the great hero that is lauded and derided in songs and stories across the country.  It leaves me wondering, how did he get to that backwoods tavern?  What happened?    We're not going to know yet, so let me review this book first.    Patrick Rothfuss has been hailed left and right as a fantasy god.  Very few people dislike this book.  I'm not one of them, I loved it.  I can tell I'll be reading it again when book two comes out next year.  In fantasy novels, I love two things; complex characters and complex worlds.  So it was important that I liked Kvothe most of the time and I found him to be a very believable teenage boy given a brain that is much too skilled for his age.  I wished the best for him even as I dreaded the worst, and the foreshadowing meant I always knew the worst was coming.  He is generally full of young hormonal male feelings, but as the story is told through his older self, they didn't get to me that much.  I found the world, and the history Rothfuss created, to be interesting and I can't wait for it to be fleshed out further.  I really hope Kvothe feels his Ruh blood and goes wandering about just so we can see a bit more of this world.    I don't think this book is the best fantasy ever written, but Rothfuss has a lot of potential.  This is excellent for a first time fantasy novelist and as I said, I just can't wait until the next two are released so I can find out what happened.  Firmly recommended to all fantasy fans and anyone interested in experimenting in the genre.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|That's what I wanted from my favorite band for some 10-15 years!!! The album that smells real thrash. A record that should have been appeared somewhere in 1989-1990 right between \\"Justice\\" and \\"Metallica\\". Cool sound, profound production, fast and rippy, incredible solos of leading guitar! Really good thing to recall late 80-s with strong fragrance of present day metal.
0446364495|1.0|I quote the great Meryl Streep by calling this book a crime against literature. I wish there were negative stars that I can give this awful concoction of pointless romanticism and inept story structure. The plot was minimal, the characterizations were nonexistent. For the life of me, I can't understand why this book was so popular. You have to give Mr. Waller credit for marketing. He knew what would sell, and apparently he spent all of an afternoon producing it. Now please, stop the madness and don't produce any more books like this one.
B001AGXEAG|3.0|I must agree with the few people who complained that this dvd was lacking in special features and whatnot. However, if you have never seen the movie at all, or enjoyed the movie but do not already have a copy, it's still a good buy. It's a great movie, no matter how it's presented on the dvd, and you do get a few episodes of the cartoon as well. I watched Beetlejuice as a kid, both the movie and the cartoons, so I probably would've bought it even if it was a poorly recorded VHS :) In short, don't expect it to be \\"deluxe\\", but I definitely recommend buying it (unless you already have a standard version of it).<br /><br />As for the movie itself, if you've never seen it, it's basically a ghost story that is purposely presented in a cheesy manner to be funny. If you're familiar with Tim Burton at all, you'll know he tends to stray from the norm. Don't expect to be scared; that's not what this movie is about. It's basically about a nice couple of ghosts who try to scare away the family who lives in their house, but the family isn't scared; in fact, they invite other people over and try to show off the ghosts - so the ghost couple hires a... rather disgusting guy to help them out, and things pretty much go downhill from there. Definitely and old 80s classic.
B0000509C4|4.0|The vignette style of Creepshow means people can can walk in and out of the movies without any trouble.  That said, don't watch Creepshow 3.  It's bad.  The first two are totally worth it.
B00003CXZ4|4.0|A lot of reviewers have remarked that the movie is confusing because it works backwards. Well, it does work backwards, but it's not confusing if you pay attention and don't talk all the way through it. If you really have trouble, just watch it all the way through again. It's a really good movie, and they do a good job of making everything as clear to you as it is to the main character, Leonard. The problem is... Leonard has short-term memory loss, so we see things from his viewpoint: bits and pieces, flashes of memory, etc. His life is confusing and hard for him to follow at times. If the movie were linear, it would be boring. The \\"suprise\\" and the \\"end\\" is really more like a suprise beginning, and... well, we just couldn't have had that twist if we'd have known what was going on all along.<br /><br />I bought the standard edition because a lot of people said the deluxe edition was cheaply assembled and over-priced.
0790744295|5.0|For Creepshow George Romero and Stephen King put together an amazingly hilarious series of stories together.  I love this movie all the way.  If you want to have fun on Halloween this is how!
B00005JPO1|3.0|I've never really been a big Indiana Jones fan (I don't watch many action movies to begin with) and when I found out Harrison Ford was making another one when he's in his 60s... well, I was skeptical.<br /><br />My mother and I rented this movie today and it was actually quite good. She's been an Indie fan for years, and we both enjoyed it a lot.<br /><br />I recommend you check it out for yourself, because there are a lot of people arguing over whether this one was any good or not...
B000RLCJ5Q|5.0|Just what I was looking for old school music on one CD instead of buying a bunch I did that in the past with vinyl and casettes I love the sound of my albums and casettes and if they still made albums I'd probably still be buying them
B000H6SXMY|5.0|If you like Friends a lot, you won't regret buying this package. End of story. I've owned it for a year and I still watch all episodes consistently. The purchase was well worth it.
B0014VPFTA|4.0|John Mayer's guitar and vocals both are stylish, smooth, understated, controlled and hugely appealing. Mayer is among the best working today.
0375836675|2.0|I just finished the Australian book titled \\"I Am the Messenger\\" by Markus Zusak; the first book I've ever read by this author, though one of his other books ([[ASIN:0375842209 The Book Thief]]) has received wide acclaim. The story is meant for older teens only, I'd say (due to strong language and mature situations) and is a complete departure from the sort of YA books I usually read. It got off to an amusing and very promising start when Ed, a teen drifting through life without any clear direction, foils a bank robbery. Soon after he begins receiving anonymous messages directing him to locations where he has the opportunity to do some good in the world. The book is very well written, and the situations in which the protagonist finds himself are occasionally horrifying, sometimes amusing, and in a few instances very touching. (All the scenes with Milla rather got to me, for instance.)<br /><br />Even though the character's actions---and the plot in general---continued to become increasingly far-fetched and unbelievable as the book went on, the story still held my attention. Well, right up until the big twist ending and reveal, that is! Literally within the last five pages, the author introduced an incredibly stupid and annoying deux ex machina plot device to solve the mystery of who exactly is sending the notes. This shoddy, lazy finish to the story had me ready to throw the book right across the room. I certainly had a lot of choice words to say about the conclusion (some of which I had learned from this very book!) which I cannot print out in this review. Ha!<br /><br />So, a mixed-to-negative review on this one from me. The good points of the book, and the writing skill of the author, were overshadowed by an increasingly convoluted and illogical plot progression in the second half of the manuscript, and a crappy, crappy ending. I'm still so ticked off by it, in fact, that I don't know that I'll bother to seek out anything else the author has written...
B000YABIQ6|5.0|It has the makings of a Mamet style with excellent plot development and outstanding characterization.
B000028U0Y|5.0|I'm a hugh Johnny fan and I dig this cd. I would recommend it to anyone who loves Johnny. Keep on rockin'.
B000KCHZK6|3.0|More of same - luckily I like Norah Jones.  I wish she'd branch out and explore different musical styles...perhaps more serious collaborations with other equally talented musicians.  I'd love to be actually listenting to her rather than just having her as pleasant background music.  She could do more, but I'm happy to add this latest to my collection.
B001GZ6QDS|5.0|One of the best movies in the history of the world!  Don't let anyone convince you otherwise!
B00005Y1UX|1.0|I still remember seeing the trailer for this movie when I was a kid.  It seemed so adult, so provocative.  Even at the tender age of ten, I recognized the inherent sexual power and enticement in the single image of Robert Redford leaning over a pool table and offering a man $1 million for a night with his wife.  Back then, I was desperate to see how the story ended, but my mother didn't let me go to movies like that.<br /><br />Fast-forward fifteen years to the time when I finally got around to watching the movie.  I don't know what took me so long, but in a way I wish I hadn't waited, because if I had seen the movie when I was a kid, I would have appreciated it a lot more.  Back then, I wasn't so picky.  Back then I didn't notice wooden dialogue that sounded like it came out of a Harlequin romance novel, or stilted, shallow acting.  I didn't notice gaping holes in the plot, such as the fact that the couple kept referring to their million dollars even AFTER they paid their lawyer 5% and the point had been belabored again and again that they didn't have $50,000.00 in their own money to bring the figure back up to a cool mil.  Back then I wasn't as discerning about screenplays and didn't tend to notice when one was poorly or inadequately written.  I never would have noticed the soft focus and lighting designed to keep Robert Redford looking younger than his 57 years, and the lazy soundtrack and tepid score wouldn't have come to my attention at all.  And of course predicting the ending was tougher for me back then, so I wouldn't have seen every \\"twist\\" in the plot coming from a mile away.<br /><br />Well as they say, that was then and this is now.  Obviously I noticed ALL of these things and they failed to impress me.  I found the entire thing forgettable.  And since I watched it on a film website, I am in no position to comment on the DVD extras.  Overall I can only recommend that unless you too are able to overlook these glaring deficiencies, you stay as far away from this disappointing movie as possible.ting movie as possible.
B000F6YW0S|5.0|This is one of the best classical guitar recordings out there and in my opinion one of the great recordings of Bach's music written for solo instrument. A powerful, straight ahead reading of the lute suites. At some point you stop hearing the guitar and start hearing just the music itself. Buy this one.
B00127RAJY|4.0|I plan to use this workout about 3 times a week this winter, when I can't get outside to run. I've done level 1 twice since I bought it, and it's a pretty good workout. I was a little sore the next day, and I was already in pretty good shape. I think I need to do level 1 & 2 to really replace my run though. Jillian Michaels seems a little uncomfortable at first, but then her personality (while not especially warm) does come through. She is very down to earth and encouraging without being phony or perky (both of which I hate!). The ladies working out with her are in great shape - especially Anita, who I've seen in other workout DVDs.
B001DDBCUU|5.0|loved the movie and the extra scenes that weren't on the theater version.  wish there were more!  would have loved more extras on the second dvd, but I'm sure they'll be coming out with another movie in the years to come.
B00004XPPE|5.0|Script is tight, handling is correct and the story taut.<br />Who would have known that a B&W movie would be so good.<br />There are no extravaganza stuff, no HUGE entourage for a president, etc.<br />Human emotions, and stuff.<br />And the ending is natural. Not some crappy heroic stuff where Bruce Willis saves the world.
B000003B6J|5.0|One of the most influential, powerful, and real albums you will ever hear in your life...they just don't make them like they used to. A testament to the 1st Amendment. A must have in your collection.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|i was a bit skeptical before buying it, not expecting the new Metallica to live up to their old form. But this CD (although it took me three times listening through it to get to this decision) is very good, most of the songs are reminiscient of early metallica style. All i can say is that i am listening to most of it everyday, and am enjoying it, and based on the CD i have actually gone ahead and bought a concert ticket to see them in Feb 2009.<br />Overall, this is a very good buy, worth it for any metallica lover.<br />Rock on!!
B00005KARJ|5.0|My grandkids love to watch this movie (and I love to watch it with them).<br />It has great animation, and funny as well as tender scenes.  When the mother elephant sings \\"Baby Mine, Don't You Cry\\" I always water up.  A great song from a great movie.
B000065DWH|2.0|I bought this enhanced edition thinking in would have more tracks ..actual songs...not so just a lot of verbal info from the artist about how the songs evolved ..really not what i was looking for!
B001DDBCUU|4.0|I loved Sex In The City when I saw it opening weekend in May. Its fun to watch it at home having drinks with your friends!!
B001ER4CTI|5.0|Frank Miller adaptations are on a roll. First we got \\"Sin City,\\" and now we have the story of three hundred Spartans who repelled a massive invasion.<br /><br />And the adaptation of \\"300\\" is a stunning one -- literally stunning, since it bombards the viewer with larger-than-life characters, smashing visuals and tight direction. It goes a bit too fast for its own good, but it's a truly epic film that takes the historical war movie to another level -- and the Limited Collector's Edition is as packed with extras as the film is with corpses.<br /><br />As the introduction tells us, the Spartans were the ultimate warrior people. Babies were inspected for weakness or faults, and killed if they had any; as they were growing up, they were taught and toughened by a savage regimen. Their only true hope was to \\"die beautifully\\" for their land.<br /><br />A Persian messenger arrives, telling King Leonidas (Gerard Butler) that the god-king Xerxes (Rodrigo Santoro) wants the Spartans to bow to him. Leonidas' response: shove the Persians into a pit. But before he can go to war, he must consult the corrupt priesthood of Ephors and their beautiful Oracle. She predicts that Sparta will fall and the gods forbid war at the approach of the Carneaian festival -- courtesy of a hefty bribe from a Spartan traitor.<br /><br />So Leonidas takes out three hundred of his best men, along with their nervy Arcadian allies, and begin trouncing the Persians. But they are being sabotaged, both by a hunchbacked outcast and by a treacherous councilor, whom Queen Gorgo (Lena Headey) is battling. And so at Thermopylae, Leonidas prepares for a final battle against the monstrous Persian Army -- knowing that their story of freedom will live on.<br /><br />This is not a \\"sensitive\\" movie where you have any appreciation for the bad guys -- it's a glorification of three hundred soldiers who died for their land and freedom. It just wouldn't work otherwise. It doesn't blindly adore the Spartans -- we see their darker side in their \\"weed out the weak\\" policy -- but it does appreciate them. They respect and care about each other, and Leonidas is as kind as he can be even to Ephialtes, the traitor.<br /><br />And it's done in a manner appropriate to its comic book origins -- grimy, bloody and epic, but with a stylized look that is almost like CGI. The battles are shockingly good, and full of fantasy-ish creations like the monstrous creatures or the silver-masked Immortals. Even a wall of corpses. But we also get some beautiful visuals as well -- roiling seas, sunlit battlefields, Spartan cities, and the drugged Oracle in her white veil.<br /><br />While the script gets a bit over-the-top at times, it's hard not to be moved by dialogue that can be darkly funny (\\"It's just an eye. The gods saw fit to grace me with a spare\\") or stirring (\\"He did not wish tribute, nor song, or monuments or poems of war and valor. His wish was simple: \\"Remember us.\\" That was his hope, should any free soul come across that place, in all the countless centuries yet to be\\").<br /><br />Butler and Headey are simply great as Leonidas and Gorgo -- they're both strong, passionate and fearless, and they both do a great job in their separate storylines. But the movie is filled with good performances -- David Wenham as the narrator, Dominic West as a disgusting traitor, Santoro as the decadent, arrogant god-king, and many others.<br /><br />The Limited Collector's Edition is basically a little treasure chest for anyone who is really, really nuts about the movie and wants everything having to do with it. The three discs contain (obviously) the movie with a director/writer commentary, plus a bunch of extras that were also featured on the two-disc edition -- featurettes on the Spartans, cut scenes, the history of the 300, making-of stuff, webisodes, picture gallery,ad stuff about Frank Miller.<br /><br />And then... we get the new stuff: the in-depth documentary \\"To The Hot Gates: A Legend Retold\\" and a dignital copy of the movie. There's also a big glossy-looking art book, photo cards, and an image in a Lucite block. Whew. This is almost TOO deluxe for its own good.<br /><br />\\"300\\" is a unique, stirring, stunning movie that pushes the action-movie envelope, and gives a thrilling edge to a real-life story of overwhelming power. A brilliant movie.and an image in a Lucite block. Whew. This is almost TOO deluxe for its own good.    \\"300\\" is a unique, stirring, stunning movie that pushes the action-movie envelope, and gives a thrilling edge to a real-life story of overwhelming power. A brilliant movie.
B001CISHU4|5.0|Well, like most people I had high expectations for this album after their previous album \\"With Oden on our Side\\" which was regarded by many to be their best work to date.  This album blew me away.  Granted it's not a dark as WOooS but it is WAY more melodic.  They have really taken their songwriting to the next level.  I love basically every track, though their are some that kind of stand above the rest, but all are more than worthy of many, many listens.  I personally have listened to the entire disc like 50 times already, it's like crack to me it's just so damn good.      Here's some ratings for ya :)    1.  Twilight of the Thunder God - 9/10  Nice track and a good choice for a single    2.  Free Will Sacrifice - 10/10  Excellent track, I find the riffs really catchy along with the humming or w/e in the background.  On top of that the lyrics are sweet, kind of in a similar vein to the title track of the last album    3.  Guardians of Asgaard - 10/10  Catchy as hell, will have you singing along for sure.  This will most likely become one of the concert faves and makes a good \\"theme song\\" for the band, much like songs such as Versus the World, etc.    4.  Where is Your God - 9/10  This track kind sticks out because it doesn't have the rolling epic feel of the other tracks, just straight up pummeling and it's good.    5.  Varyags of Miklagaard - 10/10  One of my favorite tracks, melodic as hell.  Song is about Varangian mercenaries that served the Byzantine Empire during the Middle Ages, they were universally renowned for their skill in battle and sheer ferocity.      6.  Tattered Banners and Bloody Flags - 10/10  THIS is my favorite song on the whole cd.  Basically chronicles the events immediately preceding the climactic battle during Ragnarok, Loki leading the dead to fight the Aesir, Fenris breaking free of his bonds, Surtr and the giants of Muspelheim riding over the Bifrost bridge and engulfing the middle world (midgaard) in flames, etc.  Would have really beennice if they actually including the battle in the lyrics but maybe they're saving that for a future song ;)    7.  No Fear for the Setting Sun - 9/10  This song really gets my blood pumping hehe, has a nice somewhat fast tempo and the chorus is memorable.  The solo is pretty decent as well.      8.  The Hero - 9/10  Another quality track, not much to really say about this one, basically about a mercenary wondering why people actually care for him as he lay dying from trying to defend them.    9.  Live for the Kill - 10/10  Awesome track comparing warriors to wolves basically and the cello bit near the end really adds a nice touch. Another nice solo in this song as well.    10.  Embrace of the Endless Ocean - 10/10  Second favorite song on the disc, will go down as one of their best songs.  This is by far the best track to close the album with.      In summary this album is nothing short of a masterpiece, while some may like WOooS better for it's darker atmosphere, I see this as their capstone album or the \\"album of their career\\".  If they keep pushing quality stuff like this they are going to cement their place as one of the best metal bands of all time.
B0000029AP|4.0|Although it came with a cracked case, I didn't have time to return before my husbands b-day, but he loved this and hasn't taken it out of his car since, it's been a long time since we heard a lot of these songs
0399226907|5.0|Eric Carle's books are very enjoyable for toddlers and young readers. Children enjoy listening to the stories and participating in the story. He is one of my favorite authors.
B000005RFQ|4.0|I must say I really hated this f**king record when I first heard it.    I thought that the lyrics were pure crap, and that it didn't sound anything like Sabbath.    I guess that was the point after all. ;-)    Like the title says, it will take time to adjust to it.    But it is WAY BETTER than anything out of the Tony Martin period.    This contains some of Iommi's best guitar work.    I love his tone on this record.    Too bad the tour was such a flop.
B00008GKEG|5.0|Seriously, I could have watched 20 hours of this fascinating documentary.  Sad that John's comments could come only from video tapes and recordings.  Time appears to have healed all wounds between the others and been replaced by nostalgia and the good fellowship of old mates.  The music videos were 15 years ahead of their time and great fun to relive.
B000UNYJXQ|1.0|Definition: Documentary: Giving a factual dramatized report of a subject or activity. (Oxford American Dictionary).  It is too bad so many people<br />are fooled by Michael Moore.  Moore creates his \\"own reality\\" by taking<br />film and editing it to fit his own agenda and propaganda.  \\"Sicko\\" is another of his biased films to advance his far left politics.  I suggest<br />the reader go to the library and read \\"The Battle of Ideas\\" by Patrick Symmes in the May, 2008 issue of \\"Harper's Magazine\\" about his many trips to Cuba over the years including 2007.  As regards Cuban health care, here<br />are some quotes from this article:  \\"Doctors leave the country, even for<br />South Africa or Haiti. They don't care where they go. ...There are hardly any doctors here now.\\"  \\"The hospitals are destroyed. They build one, but in days it falls down.\\"  \\"Cuba has a lot of ancient hospital equipment.\\"<br />\\"Afraid of being sent to a psychiatric hospital.\\"  \\"The police took him to a psychiatric ward and injected him with unknown drugs.\\"  What Moore showed in the film was for the priviledged elite and rich tourists in Cuba not the common people who must deal with conditions noted above.<br /><br />As to general conditions in Cuba, a few other quotes from the article:<br />\\"...the phone system is so bad that telegrams are still in common use.\\"<br />\\"Cuba has banned satellite dishes.\\"  \\"Fidel Castro had specifically denounced the Universal Declaration of Human Rights as counter-revolutionary trash.\\"  \\"In Cuba you can't have books in your house to lend to other people...in Cuba you can't have independent libraries because nothing can be independent.\\"  \\"Cuba routinely imported sugar from Brazil (2007)\\" - of course, once its main product.  \\"When you see a parade in the street, you would think everyone is a revolutionary. But tomorrow they'd all leave for France, Spain or the U.S., and you'd see they are not so revolutionary. We're hostages of the system. People wear masks, to fit in. ... The economic situation is worse, the food situation is worse, much worse.\\"  \\"Cubans are living in an era in which we have no present, and no future.\\"  There is much more in this approximately eleven full page article but conditions in Cuba are very bad, books are burned, there are at least 280 political prisoners and the people barely scrape by to just survive. The average income in Cuba is about $17.00 a month.  Michael Moore, not to mention Sean Penn and other leftists, should be ashamed.food situation is worse, much worse.\\"  \\"Cubans are living in an era in which we have no present, and no future.\\"  There is much more in this approximately eleven full page article but conditions in Cuba are very bad, books are burned, there are at least 280 political prisoners and the people barely scrape by to just survive. The average income in Cuba is about $17.00 a month.  Michael Moore, not to mention Sean Penn and other leftists, should be ashamed.
B000HC2LI0|1.0|Never received product more than a month later and no response from service department after email inquiry. Do not purchase anything from Royal Video. And Amazon claims no responsibility even though they list it on their site. What's the point?
6305313687|5.0|Most people have a list of movies that were recommended to them, and are immensely popular, but...they just never get around to watching any. For a time, I had quite a few myself: The Godfather, Pulp Fiction, Platoon, The Usual Suspects and American History X.<br /><br />One day, I decided to look at the last movie on my list. While it was generally regarded as a positive, uplifting movie, I was a bit skeptical about anything to do with racism: most films dealing with this subject tend to show us the perceptions of only one side.<br /><br />Still, I figured that I didn't have much to lose, so I bought a copy of American History X.<br /><br />---<br /><br />Now having seen this movie, I can understand why it's so highly touted: it's about something larger than just ethnic hatred and yet manages to highlight it's many flaws as well.<br /><br />We're first drawn into the world of the Vinyards - a white, middle class family living in a suburb that is slowly becoming more and more multicultural. The men (brothers Derek and Danny) are vehemently opposed to any foreigners or people of color, while the women (mother Doris and daughter Davina) have no problems with non-whites at all.<br /><br />An incident early on sends Derek to jail, and once inside, he learns some harsh life lessons. Fast forward a bit - Derek is let out at his parole due to good behavior. He returns home and sees things mostly the way they were, with the exception of his brother...<br /><br />The rest of the movie shows Derek work to resolve the issues he had, while also trying to protect his family from the people he once knew and called friends.<br /><br />This movie isn't perfect (there are some awkwardly placed comedic moments), but it does come very close. If allowed, i'd rate it 4.5 stars: as is, i've given it 5.<br /><br />Strong performances from Edward Norton (who became a frightening manifestation of hate, later on, a changed man), Edward Furlong (much improved from his Terminator 2 debut), Avery Brooks (excellent as always in authoritarian roles) coupled with sharp cinematography and a powerful message make this movie essential in any mature film owner's collection.<br /><br />Strange we haven't seen a Collector's/Special edition yet though :-).rp cinematography and a powerful message make this movie essential in any mature film owner's collection.    Strange we haven't seen a Collector's/Special edition yet though :-).
B001DDBCUK|5.0|If you liked the series, you'll absolutely love the movie!  It's not only a must-see, it's a must-have!
B000002KIK|4.0|Along with Technical Ecstasy, this album has been considered a dud by many critics due to the sounds and themes that were explored on it.    This mainly has to do with the fact that the band again were trying to ease off of the dark occult stuff that orignally made them so famous.    I think that the cover art probably threw off a lot of people as well.    Even Ozzy says that this is the worst album that Sabbath delivered.    I must disagree.    Although it does have some VERY WEAK filler on it (\\"Breakout\\", \\"Swinging The Chain\\"), it is still a very good record for these reasons:    1) Ozzy's vocals are very strong on this release - this gives a good preview of what was to come in his solo career (see \\"Shockwave\\")    2) Tony's guitar has the perfect amount of grind and crunch that wouldn't be heard once more until \\"Born Again\\".    3) Bill's drums are probably the loudest that they have ever been recorded.    I wish that the younger fans like myself could hear some of these songs live.    Oh well. :-(
B001DTPZNY|3.0|There is plenty of action to keep anyone entertain throughout the whole movie. But it has the sophistication of a \\"Tom & Jerry\\" cartoon. Example, Indy survives a nuclear explosion while on ground zero. A series of ridiculous scenarios as such takes away from an otherwise entertaining movie.
B000VLE3IS|5.0|I've bought Led Zepplin music since they sold it on vinyl...but the Mothership package - which includes 2 CD's full of kickin' music plus a lengthy DVD, and informational booklet tops my collection for best value!
0375826726|5.0|Deffinitely a brilliant continuation of the Inheritance cycle. When you finish reading, you can't wait for the final installment to come out. And I most certainly suggest this book, and the previous two, to anyone and everyone that likes an epic story that includes dragons and dragon riders, elves, dwarves, even a new race called Urgals that look like men but have horns like rams, and of course the evil king who also is a dragon rider. You'll deffinitely enjoy it. I guarentee it!
B0017MO10U|3.0|was delivered fast but looked like someone put the plastic on halfass, almost as if it was viewed first.
B000002GYI|5.0|Kraftwerk is music's natural anti depressant.<br /><br />They are my favorite group of all time! :-)<br /><br />They are SOOOOOOOO FUN and they are ABSOLUTE GENIUSES - ALL OF THEM - past, present and future members.<br /><br />I play the hell out of this record every single day.<br /><br />I can't get enough of it.<br /><br />It always puts a huge smile on my face when I hear it.<br /><br />It's hard to believe that this only came out a few months before I was born!<br /><br />I think EMI promoted this record better overseas.<br /><br />Warner Bros. had no idea what to do with it since they focused too much attention on Prince, Devo and the Talking Heads. It was a highly underrated and underground phenomenon in the US.<br /><br />It is truly a revolutionary piece.<br /><br />I think it should be included with every new computer that is purchased!<br /><br />The synths are so warm and creamy sounding - pure analog bliss!<br /><br />After you listen to this, go back and listen to \\"Kraftwerk 1&2\\"<br />and realize how much these guys OWN THE MUSIC BUSINESS!!!<br /><br />BUY THE DAMN CD!<br /><br />BUY THE GERMAN VERSION TOO!<br /><br />BUY THE VINYL (it sounds amazing!)!<br /><br /> LONG LIVE KRAFTWERK !!!!<br /><br />They are the MASTERS OF POP!!!<br /><br />**********FLORIAN, PLEASE COME BACK!!!!!!!**********
0887306128|4.0|If you have an interest in nonprofit organizations and governance, I highly recommend this book. It provides theory and application of tools that can be utilized in any organization.  Easy to read and to apply.
B000FO0AOC|5.0|A joy to listen to and it brought back memories. It was a gift for someone who love the artist and they enjoyed it wholeheartedly.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Metallica is FINALLY getting back to how they use to sound. This is a really great CD that I would recommend to any Original Metallica fan. The last few albums have been really crappy in my opinion...but this one puts them back on the map.!!
B000TM1CL0|5.0|I loved this show!  James Woods is an amazing actor.  The series was really starting to get interesting.  The characters were beginning to develop.  I really wanted to see what happened to Julie.  I loved Jeri Ryan too.  From Seven of Nine in Star Trek Voyager to a tough lawyer.  Shame on CBS! Hope they do the right thing and release season 2.
B001DDBCV4|5.0|I have been a devoted SATC fan for years, and I was excited about the movie, but I couldn't seem to banish the feeling of dread that kept lurking--you know, the dread you feel when you are afraid that something you loved has been ruined in its transition to the big screen? Well, the dread is gone--SATC the movie lived up to my hopes and left me satisfied--and wanting to go back to see it again!<br /><br />There are definitely some things I would change--like including more storyline for the girls other than Carrie, and giving the guys (especially Harry, who I always loved) bigger parts--but overall the film does a good job of picking up where the series left off (albeit 4 years later) and recreating the chemistry between the four women. And the movie deals honestly with topics like aging, marital problems, and breakups, as you would expect from SATC.<br /><br />I would encourage fans of the show to definitely see this movie. Even if you've only seen the show a few times but you've enjoyed other \\"chick flicks\\" check this out--there is a handy montage at the beginning of the movie to get you up to speed.<br /><br />This BluRay is excellent if you have an iPod Touch or iPhone, because there is a free \\"digital copy\\" in the box that you can load onto your device!  Also, the extended cut version of the movie includes a couple of cute scenes that weren't included in the theatrical cut.  They fill out the movie a little, and feature a few more minutes of the SATC guys.
1577314808|5.0|If you are ready, this book can show a completely new and better way to look at life = your life.
044661758X|5.0|I have read several of Michael Connelly's books.  This is among the best of American writing.  You cannot go wrong.  This is not pulp fiction.  In Borsch, Connelly has makes a fascinating character real.  The plot twists and turns.  Expect to loose some sleep because Connelly makes it come alive and you will not want to hit \\"stop\\".
B001DDBCUA|5.0|I loved the movie in the theater, but it is great to linger over it whenever I want to see those great girl friends and those great clothes again!
B0014XCMVM|5.0|As an accomplished orchestral performer with graduate degrees in music performance, I have always been impressed with Alanis' unique approach to popular music.<br /><br />It's my personal belief that she is one of the few entertainers in popular music who actually sounds like a musician:)  She obviously realizes that with the simpler fundamentals of popular music, she has less expressive musical devices to work with.  It is most impressive that she is able to take this limited palette of devices and accomplish so much, in terms of musical expression.<br /><br />  She has an excellent command (and understanding) of the chord progressions, and uses them to her full advantage.  It's really nice to hear someone in popular music understand what's going on musically, at all times.  In my opinion, this is the greatest popular music achievement in a long time.  It would be a shame if she didn't win a grammy....I wish that popular music wasn't judged almost solely on the basis of whether it's fun or not.<br />-Eric
0440234743|5.0|I received the book in fast time, it was in excellent condition and I am very happy with the service I got.
B001F2W4Y2|4.0|After 8 years, time to get things right. After a series of disappointing albums that failed to catch your attention and dull songs, \\"Black Ice\\" is here and to be honest it;s a great improvement over recent albums. There are a few tracks here that actually stand out from the pack.     I have yearned for the boys to mix it up. Yes we want some boogie, yes some hard edge blues rock, yes some true rockers but also we want some new epics and anthems. Black Ice doesn't deliver epics or anthems but does deliver a good AC/DC album that foot taps and rocks you.     Most tracks have been quite well written and exceptionally produced, they sound polished, refreshed and good.     However, my expectations of Ac/DC have waned over the years since BIBlack. the crafting of ace songs beyond the classics like \\"Let me put my love into you\\" and \\"Night prowler\\" have long gone. What we get now is pretty formula 3 to 4 minute foot tapping rock.     So to sum up depends where you are with the band, if your fanatical and got into them post 1982 you will probably rave to death over this album if you were there through the 70's up to back in Black before realising the band were churning out \\"b sides\\" and forgettable songs, you will probably view this album as the best of a bad bunch over the last 15 years or so. But having said that this is still a good AC/DC album, it just could have been far better
B000XUOIQ4|5.0|I really enjoy this movie and always have. It is colorful and the music is great. A wonderful family movie which is becoming slim these days.
B00005JPS8|4.0|The item arrived carefully packed, and played without incident,  The only issue I have is that it took a while to reach me which was not what I expected with a pre ordered video.
0375826726|2.0|I must of been the only one in the world who didn't now this was only the third book and the last book in the series. :-(    My wife has been buying them for my son's to read and I have enjoyed reading the first two books. While not top fantasy writing, I enjoyed enough to keep reading (plus I hate not finishing a series even it's not that best).    Where to start. I finished the book a couple of days ago. When I finished Brisingr, I was disappointed in the ending. I found myself getting more and more disappointed in the book and series.    I found Brisingr to be predictable, slow, contrived, and not compeling. I have no idea where Eragon's relationship is going with Ayra. There was too much time spent with leaders and getting ready for war. Big bad guy. Never around.     In the end, this book doesn't make me want to read the last book. I didn't find myself more attached to the characters. I didn't have a great sense of mystery or intrigue.
0521673763|4.0|Stahl's Essential Psychopharmacology is an excellent,informative tome on current medications.  That being said, the book utterly lacks any information on the differences in responses to these drugs along ethnic diversity lines, or gender differences, or interactions with commonly used herbs or supplements.  The topic of diversity and supplement usage is extremely relevant in today's world and knowledge of the these subjects will only increase our clients' comfort.
B00026ZG10|5.0|Arnie is best when the movie is: 1.) Campy, ex. Last Action Hero, Commando, 2.) Shear testosterone: Predator, Terminator, or 3.) when he surrounds himself with great co-stars: Kindergarten Cop, Eraser, and the focus here, True Lies.  Jamie Lee, Bill Paxton, Grant Heslov, Art Malik are all terrific, but Tom Arnold takes the prize in this one. Gib(Arnold), the perfect partner for Harry(Arnie), is histercal as he trys to keep Harry's two lives separate and them focused on their national defense assignments, even while firing off very funny lines about all that comes up.           Not to be missed by any Arnie fan and leave it to Jamie Lee Curtis to give a strip-tease that is both VERY sexy and belly-laugh funny at the same time!          I suppose, if you really wanted to be offended, a middle eastern person could be, but give it a rest, I'm Irish, and the Irish folks are the bad guys/ terrorists in Patriot Games and just flat out nasty-bad in Gangs of New York. Everybody has their \\"bad apples\\". Just sit back and enjoy a funny, action movie with secret agencies, used car salesmen and a pair of Harrier Jets firing Sidewinder missiles at a bridge somewhere in the Florida Keys.
0739368044|5.0|Paolini picks up right where he left off in Eldest!  Eragon learns some new tricks and more about his family.  I thoroughly enjoyed this book and highly recommend it (just make sure you have read Eragon and Eldest first) to everyone.
B0015AARJI|5.0|Good controller! It is weaker in the rumble than Dual Shock 2. Battery life is excellent.
B00005JPO1|3.0|Like everyone else I waited years to see this.  Life intervened, missed it at the theater, and had to wait a few more months to get this on DVD.<br /><br />While I loved the references to the earlier films (especially the \\"Raiders\\" warehouse with a cameo by the Ark itself) Spielberg went a little overboard with this.  The 1950s setting is contrived and forced. We get headshots of Marcus and Sallah on Dr. Jones' desk that are supposed to be contemporary snapshots, but are obvious stills from previous \\"Jones\\" films. The overall ambiance makes \\"Happy Days\\" a more accurate period piece.<br /><br />The worst part of #4 is that it's just plain boring.  No one cares about space aliens, er, inter dimensional beings.  The bad guys aren't really all that bad, and Cate Blanchett is just uncharacteristically uninteresting.  The last thing we needed of course was a young sidekick, and of course we get one (this is Spielberg after all).  The premise is that Indy is in his 50s, there's nothing wrong with that so why put in a gratuitous kid?<br /><br />There are some nuggets in here, but mostly it's fools gold. Sorry everyone.
0375826726|3.0|I really enjoyed the first two volumes of this series, and had looked forward to the third volume. Sadly, this one feels like it's been padded for the sake of making it big; for instance, I really didn't need a tutorial on how to make a samurai-type sword ... PBS did that recently, and better.    And the characterizations appear to me to be a bit thinner, and not as well-done; perhaps the author(s?) rely too heavily on the action scenes, and not enough on the character development.    I really hope that Volume 4 will be better.
B0018CMJSU|5.0|This Was the rebirth of the Godfather for me and it was worth every penny.
B000UNYJXQ|5.0|This is a must see movie for the entire country. If you are ill, or have ever needed medicial attention, see what is possible if America stops talking down socialized medicine.
0307383415|5.0|I highly recommend this book.  It provides a unique insight into Barack Obama's strong character.
B001DDBCUU|5.0|I AM ALWAYS VERY HAPPY WITH SARAH JESSICA PARKER'S SHOW AND THE MOVIE HELD MY ATTENTION RIGHT TO THE END.  IT WAS WELL WRITTEN, SURPRISE ELEMENTS WERE WELL IMPLEMENTED AND WE ALL GOT WHAT WE'VE BEEN WAITING FOR.  IF YOU ARE A FASHIONISTA, BE PREPARED TO DROOL AT ALL THE MARVELOUS OUTFITS THESE GIRL DON.  NOT A DISAPPOINTMENT FOR ME AT ALL.  I CAN'T WAIT FOR THE SEQUEL!
B0006GAOCW|4.0|This is actually a replacement copy.  We had bought a used copy years ago and watched it and watched it, but lo, it got scratched at the end and my daughter and her friends could never finish it.  We were happy when we found out that we could still get it.
0143143492|5.0|The audio of this book has been much more enjoyable for me than the written text.  Author reads well, has nice English accent.  I feel more conected to the guidance and thought provoking words.
B0000TB01Y|5.0|Item arrived as promised and in excellent condition.  For lovers of musicals, it is a great CD that would enhance any collection.
B0009NCQJ6|5.0|There is not much to say regarding the Bond group.  They make you want to dance and be happy.
0446619078|5.0|SINCE I JUST RECEIVED THIS BOOK & HAVEN'T READ IT YET, I CANNOT WRITE A COMPREHENSIVE REVIEW. BUT, JUDGING FROM THE OTHER \\"HARRY BOSCH\\" BOOKS, I HAVE ALREADY READ, I CAN SAFELY SAY THAT I WILL BE ENJOYING THIS BOOK, WHEN I START READING IT.
B001GQSY64|5.0|The people who slammed this kids' film were, guess what?  bitter adult Star Wars fans who have refused to recognize the saga has moved onto the next generation.  This is not a continuation of the live-action films, it is a computer animated interpretation of Tartakovsky's Clone Wars animated series, hence the super stylized faces and character designs.  It's a great way to get young children, like my nephew who has never seen a Star Wars movie interested in the idea.  Face it people, this is a kids' show and always will be.  If you want the darker, more realistic side of the saga, wait for the live-action TV series to come.  Relax, and enjoy the lighter side of Star Wars once in a while.
1416575464|5.0|This book is fantastic. Buy it just to take in its beauty and the great photos. You will definitely be inspired, it is a must have for any budding decorator.
0446579939|4.0|I have read all of Nicholas Sparks' books. While this one is not my favorite, it is for sure at the top of my list.
0375826726|5.0|An excellent time passed with the whole reading through the very last page. It's 100% worth the waiting time to get it from the US to Russia.
0525950079|5.0|Teriffic story - follow-up to Follet's \\"Pillars of the Warth\\" - well done    XTINT experience with this used book from an Amazon affiliate !
0739368044|5.0|Paolini has done it again.  This time he gave significant dimension to his most important characters (Eragon, Arya, Islanzadi, Brom and of course Saphira). I believe the reader would be greatly helped by first refering to the Alagasia documents found in Wikia ([...]).  This review of the land, elves, dwarves, dragons, urgals as well as humans will make Brisingr more exciting.  IT wouuld also help the reader understand the \\"players\\", who they are, where are they from and their position in world.    I am looking forward to the final chapter against Galbatorix.
B00169N0BK|2.0|Tried calibrating 4 times with same results...poor. Have used Spyder2 in the past with no problems but was hoping this would help me with print too at a reasonable price...but not to be. 2 rating is because it is very easy to use and a nice design but the bottom line is the calibration was way off so ease didn't much matter.
B000002UUH|5.0|I HAVE THE TAPE OF THIS, I GOT IT FOR XMAS IN 1982 AND IT STILL WORKS!!!!!! BUT THE CD IS EVEN BETTER, BECAUSE IT HAS 2 BONUS SONGS ON IT! SO THIS CD I GIVE IT AN \\"A\\"!!! THANK U!
B000LC55F2|5.0|Once again, Christopher Nolan sets the perfect mood for the \\"The Prestige\\" as he did in \\"Memento\\" and \\"Insomnia.\\" David Julyan's ever present musical score is also a perfect fit in this compelling drama.
B00009Y3L4|5.0|Liza at her absolute best.  Fantastic entertainment.  Joey Grey is phenomenal.  I can, and now will, watch this one over and over and over.
B001DTPZNY|2.0|I begged and begged for someone to take me to this movie while it was out in theaters....well, THANK GOD they refused to go. Somehow a quick decision was made at the video store to rent this turkey tenderloin. Let me first say that although Temple of Doom has long been considered the weakest member of the trilogy, I actually LOVE that movie...and to think that something like KoCS could take a lesson to the over the top performance of Mrs. Spielberg and incorporate it into the next installment so poorly blows my mind.  This movie is the culmination of several ideas from other movies (such as stargate?) and its consistent predictability had me rolling my eyes every few minutes and making fun of the dialogue.  What amazes me even more is that there are actually great actors/actresses in this flick. on the extra features one is quoted saying that she was \\"just so emotionally involved in the script\\" how is that even possible when what this movie lacked was any sort of real character development? To add to insult, the usual mythical/paranormal subtext of the plot being attached to alien innuendo covered up in \\"dimensional beings\\" is just horrible. i love indiana jones. i love the first 3 movies. buy the trilogy box set and let this turkey collect the dust that it deserves. this is NOT a memorable piece of cinematic history.
B000FC1AOI|4.0|P.S. I Love You is a heartwrenchingly sad story, but it is also one of moving on, dealing with grief, and allowing one's self to cry. It is a story telling us that love continues, even through death. Our true loves never really leave us as long as we never forget them.
B001DDBCUU|5.0|Quick shipment & great price!  I even love that I have the digital download available to put the movie on my iPhone!
B001DDBCUU|5.0|This movie is Amazing, much better than the standard movie, the extras are so fun to watch.
B000MZHW40|5.0|Very nice movie. Leo gave his best... overall good direction/story. Worth stocking up for personal collection.
B0014NDXGA|5.0|I couldn't be happier with the Tour V2 Pinseeker,  It is compact, lightweight,accurate and very easy to get distance to the pin or any other object on the course. What more could you want in a yardage measuring device?  Highly recommended.
B001DHXT2A|2.0|I don't get it. I thought that this version of the Hulk was supposed to be all that. Everybody griped about how bad Ang Lee's Hulk was and how this version was so much better. After all, with this Hulk you had one of the Hulk's old nemesis in the Abomination, which promised way more action. Also, with this hulk, you had not one but two credible actors in Tim Roth (Reservoir Dogs) and Edward Norton (Fight Club) albeit with an unknown director in Louis Letterier. All the critics raved that this Hulk had not only vindicated Ang Lee's so-called debacle, but that this Hulk almost rivaled the much vaunted Iron Man. So, I guess, I had to check the Hulk out for myself and see if all the salivation and sloppy oral service was worth it.<br /><br />It wasn't. First, the story was a cliche bastard, meaning that Marvel goofed. Anyone who's read the comic knows the true origin of how Dr. Robert Bruce Banner (not David damnit)became the Hulk. I won't go into a long explanation of how Bruce Banner became the Hulk, but it sure wasn't the way the writers of this movie portrayed Bruce Banner becoming the Hulk. I won't ejaculate on how counterfeit this movie was; instead, I'll stick to the merits of this movie--there were hardly any. I thought this Hulk would have more action. More action?!There were only two or three Hulk sequences in the entire film, and those sequences were abbreviated and inebriated. The special effects of this Hulk were less sophisticated than the special effects in the first (Ang Lee's) Hulk. Hulk looked like a big, green, veiny wad of rubber. Actually, he looked like an alien erection. If you've yet to see this Hulk, imagine this: choke down four sloppy double-cheese white castles, a jar of jalepenos, a bean burrito with guacamole sauce, an oxtail, a bowl of hot chili, and a couple of warm beers. A few hours later, take a crap, then turn around and look at what you did--that's the Hulk. Tim Roth and Ed Norton are great actors, but this movie proves that--no matter who's the star and no matter how awesome the intentions-- you need good writing. Take a look at the Batman franchise prior to Christopher Nolan. Batman was the Ocean's Eleven of superhero movies--a vehicle for big stars to get a lot of underserved publicity and to get an easy paycheck. Batman had gotten so putrid that George Clooney GEORGE CLOONEY played Batman. People have midget memories. Think back! Batman was camp fodder before Nolan took over and made it respectable again, or probably for the first time ever. Ang Lee tried to make the Hulk respectable and, to this reviewer, he did make this movie respectable, much more so than this dumb version of the Hulk which couldn't seem to make up its mind on what movie it wanted to sample. First, it wanted to be King Kong by taking the woman up to a cave overlooking the city, then he breaks out hollering and screaming like a damn idiot. Then, at the end of the movie, the Hulk goes away bouncing off of buildings a la Spiderman. This franchise needs an injection of heart and commitment, not more Gumby-like special effects. I'm tired of superhero movies.<br /><br />author of [[ASIN:0759609942 Gotta Be Down!]]s the star and no matter how awesome the intentions-- you need good writing. Take a look at the Batman franchise prior to Christopher Nolan. Batman was the Ocean's Eleven of superhero movies--a vehicle for big stars to get a lot of underserved publicity and to get an easy paycheck. Batman had gotten so putrid that George Clooney GEORGE CLOONEY played Batman. People have midget memories. Think back! Batman was camp fodder before Nolan took over and made it respectable again, or probably for the first time ever. Ang Lee tried to make the Hulk respectable and, to this reviewer, he did make this movie respectable, much more so than this dumb version of the Hulk which couldn't seem to make up its mind on what movie it wanted to sample. First, it wanted to be King Kong by taking the woman up to a cave overlooking the city, then he breaks out hollering and screaming like a damn idiot. Then, at the end of the movie, the Hulk goes away bouncing off of buildings a la Spiderman. This franchise needs an injection of heart and commitment, not more Gumby-like special effects. I'm tired of superhero movies.     author of [[ASIN:0759609942 Gotta Be Down!]]
0743289692|5.0|This book is a memoir about Ayaan Hirsi Ali's struggles with growing up in a strict Muslim home, and her gradual understanding of how her religion was abusive to the happiness and freedoms of women.  Born in Somali, and eventually becoming a member of the Dutch parliament before moving to the United States, she tells a brutal and straight forward story of what it was like living as a girl and later a woman under the strict rules of the Muslim Religion.  Despite death threats, she has not shied away from attacking the religion that she once believed so strongly in.  This book is a powerful exposure of what the lives of women are like in a very restrictive and controlling religion, that places women in a subservient role.  This extraordinary story has really made me stop and think, and re-evaluate my own current attitudes about Islam.  Many Muslim women, even in so called free thinking countries, such as Holland, are still living under strict Islamic laws that not only allows, but even encourages men to beat their wives, order genital mutilation of their daughters, and sometimes to even kill these women.  This book is so relevant to what is going on in the world today.  It helped me to better understand why we are so hated, to see that the roots of this hate are based in the original doctrines of the Muslim Religion, to understand that women who choose to wear the vail are not necessarily doing it because this makes them happy, but because that the culture tells them that this is the way to be pure, and the way to eternal reward after death.  I would highly recommend this book to anyone interested in women's rights, and the basic beliefs of people who literally follow the teachings of the Muslim Religion.  I believe in tolerance for religious freedoms, but I found this book very disturbing, and it has caused me to rethink some of my previous attitudes.  Free countries must guard against believing so strongly in religious tolerance that the cost of basic human rights is compromised.s compromised.
B00122M2QU|5.0|SEPULTURA (ARISE, BENEATH THE REMAINS) ANYTHING THAT MAX HAVE MADE ROCKS AND IS TRUE METAL. MAX'S STYLE HAS BEEN CALLED YEARS AGO DURING THE ARISE YEARS AS \\"DEATH METAL\\" I JUST CALL IT SIMPLY TRUE HEAVY METAL. INFLIKTED IS SO \\"MOTHER$$$$ING WICKED\\". I HAD SEVERAL PEOPLE SAYING THAT THIS ALBUM SOUNDS JUST LIKE THE DAYS OF BENEATH THE REMAINS AND ARISE AND IN SOME WAYS IT IS AS CLOSE IT CAN GET. IT IS MY FAVORITE ALBUM AND IF YOU LIKE ARISE OR THE LAST SOULFLY ALBUM, YOU'LL DEFINETELY LIKE \\"INFLIKTED\\". I WISH CAVALERA BROTHERS THE BEST IN THE ANY OF THEIR UPCOMING ALBUMS, FOR THEY ARE DEFINETELY A GREAT COMBINATION WHEN THEY PLAY THE DRUMS AND GUITAR TOGETHER-SOUNDS LIKE THEIR SOUL HAS COME TO LIFE....BUY THE ALBUM ITS EXCELLENT.
0345440927|5.0|Tracy Hogg helped me when my baby didn't want to sleep in his crib alone. He started to sleep all night long when he was 3 month old. I can easely undestand him and his necesities and the motherhood is so much easer for me!!!!!!!!!!!
B000002LIM|5.0|To tell you the truth, I'm a fan of three Batman scores: Danny Elfman's Batman and Batman Returns, Shirley Walker's Batman TAS and Mask of the Phantasm, and Hans Zimmer/James Newton Howard's Batman Begins and the Dark Knight. And when it comes to the classic gothic Batman, I go for Danny Elfman's score.<br /><br />\\"Batman\\" is one of my favorite scores. It has a rugged edge and mystical cosmos. The action sequences are the finest I've ever heard. \\"Batman to the Rescue,\\" \\"Attack of the Batwing,\\" and \\"The Final Confrontation\\" are the best ones yet. The famous \\"Descent into Mystery\\" shows that director Tim Burton's gothic style is a great accomplishment.<br /><br />And thank God there are no Prince songs here: If U2 and Seal made their \\"Batman Forever\\" songs back in 1989, then it would've been a perfect combination. But anyway, I love Elfman's music.<br /><br />Grade: A
1416575464|3.0|I'd never heard of the Domino magazine, therefore I began this book with no expectations, but it didn't surprise me that it seems to be sort of a collection of magazine advice. Rather than a step-by-step decorating guide for the clueless, it contains more general, wide-sweeping advice, such as how it's okay to mix and match.<br /><br />It's divided into sections (Entryway, Living Room, Dining Room, Kitchen, Bedroom, Bathroom, Office, and Kid's Room) and each section shows pictures of several rooms, each decorated in a different combination of contrasting \\"styles\\": Edgy Classic, Romantic Modernism, Vintage Modern, and so on. It gives a few reasons for why the various elements work together, then explains the basic categories of whatever the main furniture for that room is (eg: types of beds for adult bedrooms include Sleigh, Iron Canopy, Modern Platform, Four-Poster, Upholstered, etc). It then offers decorating tricks, such as how to mix and match items of different styles, or substituting unexpected furniture for standard pieces, as well as suggesting tips for renters or those limited to small spaces. At the back of the book is a section that describes (with illustrations) the basic kinds of curtains, valances, shades, sofa cushions, bed canopies, throw pillows, and upholstery trims.<br /><br />I came away with a few ideas for decorating our new house, the most promising being the suggestion of placing an old-fashioned dressing screen several feet away from our French front door, to create an entryway and offer privacy to the rest of the living room. Other than that, however, most of the decorating schemes in this book were nowhere near my style. Despite the authors' claim of wanting to open decorating up to the average person, I found the styles represented to be fussy or ultra-modern and unappealing to my taste. I could easily see these rooms in a New York townhouse or a loft in L.A., but not the average family home. Most of them lacked a sense of comfort, if that makes sense. But I'm aware that a lot of people like that sort of style, so there will be plenty of readers who find the designs in this book appealing.<br /><br />I give the book three stars only because, as I said, most of the styles didn't suit me, so I got very little out of it. It's worth reading if you're looking for a new direction to inspire your decorating efforts, or if you really like the kinds of styles represented within.makes sense. But I'm aware that a lot of people like that sort of style, so there will be plenty of readers who find the designs in this book appealing.<br /><br />I give the book three stars only because, as I said, most of the styles didn't suit me, so I got very little out of it. It's worth reading if you're looking for a new direction to inspire your decorating efforts, or if you really like the kinds of styles represented within.
034537410X|4.0|There is a lot of interesting information. The author hasn't verified a number of things to which he refers and some of the references are cursory, for example those to Castaneda's techniques.     I applied his procedure, starting with keeping a note book, etc. While I have several vivid dreams every night, probably as a result of remembering them by writing them down, none of them have been lucid. Perhaps it just requires more time and diligence.
B00005CDUE|2.0|Was ok. I was hoping for a better sound but it was a ok music.
B001DDBCUU|3.0|The movie was OK, but the soundtrack wasn't really what we expected. It was a little too obnoxious at times.
B001DDBCUU|5.0|I never would watch it. But my wife enjoyed it that was the goal was buying it for her birthday. I did not want to see it going to a movie theather so once I knew it was coming out it fell near her birthday so it worked out great.
B0019IB26I|5.0|I don't know why Amazon decided to use the review from People en Espanol for this album, but the reviewer must have either been high or drunk when he listened and wrote that review.  The music, John Mayer's arrangements of the songs, everything is pure perfection.  No need to repeat things other reviewers have already said.  Just buy it.  You won't be disappointed.
B001FBSMW6|5.0|When Keane released 'Spiralling,' the first track and first single from 'Perfect Symmetry,' on the Internet for fans to preview, I was--as any Keane fan would be--eager to download and preview the track. I quickly snagged the free file and listened, letting the sound fill my ears. After the last beats left my speakers, I was left scratching my head. \\"What ... is this?\\" I thought. \\"This is Keane?\\"    It would take another listen or two for my feelings to shift from mild disappointment to something much more positive. I had been conditioned, as a Keane devotee, to expect a certain sound, and it took a shift in perspective for what I heard from 'Spiralling' to really strike me as something decidedly fulfilling, especially as a Keane track. The sound of 'Spiralling,' and the rest of 'Perfect Symmetry''s tracks, is a dramatic stylistic departure from Keane's previous offerings, and it will take some time to warm up to for those expecting a repeat of those first two albums.    What Keane had done with their first single is take all the creative energy built up from their exploits throughout Berlin and Paris and channel it into something exciting and fresh. 'Spiralling' is something very different from the Keane sounds of old, but I found it to be a very good thing. After all, how can a band evolve and grow without taking risks and trying new things? Keane swung at that fastball and hit it right out of the park.    This same exciting 'let's go for it' attitude extends to the rest of the album.    Right from the get-go, Perfect Symmetry sounds like the boys of Keane sought to stretch out and just have fun. And that's what Perfect Symmetry gives you--a wonderful mix of fun, 80's-inspired electronic sound with the fit and finish that this band brings to an album. Fans of Keane's piano-centric sound need not worry--'Perfect Symmetry' does not dispense of piano in favor of synths. They have, instead, complemented the pure, acoustic sound of the piano, and it shines.    Many tracks, from the previously mentioned 'Spiralling' with it's fun, hard-hitting, relentless charge, to 'Again and Again,' are up-tempo and fun, a startling contrast from the dark, brooding tones of 'Under the Iron Sea.' That being said, the men of Keane have not neglected their talent for deep, moving ballads, such as with 'You Don't See Me,' which serves up a bit of softness to give you a break after the edgy sounds of the album's other up-tempo selections.    The perfect blend of the hard-and-fast and introspective sounds of 'Perfect Symmetry' comes with the disc's title track, which is an absolute masterpiece, which blends ever-building, harmonious refrains with a soaring, deeply-moving chorus that gave me goose bumps the first time I heard it. It is truly one of Keane's best songs, and--while just a teensy bit over-the-top at times--is the crowning jewel of 'Perfect Symmetry.'    Long-time Keane fans may have to take a step back and approach this one with fresh eyes, but this effort is well worth it. 'Perfect Symmetry' is not a revolution in the world of pop, but it certainly may be for Keane, and that's certainly enough.
B0007TKNIS|1.0|Never received.  Amazon sent to wrong address and I never got any notification.  Amazon really needs to work on their communication regarding PO boxes, street addresses, and how they are shipping the product so these errors get fixed.  I have had four of them over the past six months!!!  I have been a customer for a very long time, but hesitate to order anything further since they cannot coordinate their shipping with such a simple issue as PO boxes vs. street addresses.
B001FW2R5I|5.0|When Keane released 'Spiralling,' the first track and first single from 'Perfect Symmetry,' on the Internet for fans to preview, I was--as any Keane fan would be--eager to download and preview the track. I quickly snagged the free file and listened, letting the sound fill my ears. After the last beats left my speakers, I was left scratching my head. \\"What ... is this?\\" I thought. \\"This is Keane?\\"    It would take another listen or two for my feelings to shift from mild disappointment to something much more positive. I had been conditioned, as a Keane devotee, to expect a certain sound, and it took a shift in perspective for what I heard from 'Spiralling' to really strike me as something decidedly fulfilling, especially as a Keane track. The sound of 'Spiralling,' and the rest of 'Perfect Symmetry''s tracks, is a dramatic stylistic departure from Keane's previous offerings, and it will take some time to warm up to for those expecting a repeat of those first two albums.     What Keane had done with their first single is take all the creative energy built up from their exploits throughout Berlin and Paris and channel it into something exciting and fresh. 'Spiralling' is something very different from the Keane sounds of old, but I found it to be a very good thing. After all, how can a band evolve and grow without taking risks and trying new things? Keane swung at that fastball and hit it right out of the park.    This same exciting 'let's go for it' attitude extends to the rest of the album.    Right from the get-go, Perfect Symmetry sounds like the boys of Keane sought to stretch out and just have fun. And that's what Perfect Symmetry gives you--a wonderful mix of fun, 80's-inspired electronic sound with the fit and finish that this band brings to an album. Fans of Keane's piano-centric sound need not worry--'Perfect Symmetry' does not dispense of piano in favor of synths. They have, instead, complemented the pure, acoustic sound of the piano, and it shines.    Many tracks, from the previously mentioned 'Spiralling' with it's fun, hard-hitting, relentless charge, to 'Again and Again,' are up-tempo and fun, a startling contrast from the dark, brooding tones of 'Under the Iron Sea.' That being said, the men of Keane have not neglected their talent for deep, moving ballads, such as with 'You Don't See Me,' which serves up a bit of softness to give you a break after the edgy sounds of the album's other up-tempo selections.    The perfect blend of the hard-and-fast and introspective sounds of 'Perfect Symmetry' comes with the disc's title track, which is an absolute masterpiece, which blends ever-building, harmonious refrains with a soaring, deeply-moving chorus that gave me goose bumps the first time I heard it. It is truly one of Keane's best songs, and--while just a teensy bit over-the-top at times--is the crowning jewel of 'Perfect Symmetry.'    Long-time Keane fans may have to take a step back and approach this one with fresh eyes, but this effort is well worth it. 'Perfect Symmetry' is not a revolution in the world of pop, but it certainly may be for Keane, and that's certainly enough.
B000006YMN|5.0|I am a great ABBA fan, so was pleased to see this collection of songs by Agnetha alone.  Her voice is so beautiful and although many of the songs are sad and speak of her separation from Bjorn, it is beautifully done.  I especially loved \\"Maybe it was magic\\". Holds a special place in my heart! You won't be disappointed with this one.
B001BKXUOQ|1.0|Warning, this album has repetitive lyrics and crappy music. I was a huge slipknot fan at one point. I thought they were so unique and talented. I was wrong. Their first album is still great but everything after that just gets worst and worst. I blame OPETH. After listening to them, this band sounds sooooo bad. I do like the first song of the album because it sounds like it came of their first CD. By the way, I know mate kill feed repeat is their first album but that lame CD doesn't count.
B000CNESU8|5.0|The movie Zeitgeist showed excerpts from Network - this brought back memories of seeing the movie when my hormones were more important than my Weltanschauung. They will not make mainstream movies like this today as it lifts the lid on the machine. Today all corporations are intertwined if you've noticed how the elite are bailing each other out so they can maintain the 'system' it's also bad for business to show this, hell, someone might notice what's going on.     [...]    Perhaps this movie will be banned once the Nazis are in power which may be sooner than you think. It' something to show your children.
B001CIPU3G|5.0|I really disliked The Crusade. Everytime I listen to it it makes me sad. It had great music, great vocals all ruined by annoying lyrics and way too much melodic singing. Shogun is almost as good as Ascendancy. I enjoyed every track. Buy it!
B001DTPZNY|3.0|This is a good film. Though not as good nor does it hold the suspense, action, drama, and climax of the others, this still was a decent movie. The most far fetched scene and obviously unrealistic is in the beginning of the film when Indy hides in a refrigerator and escapes a Nuclear blast.  All the refrigerators in the entire town are blown to smithereens (as expected from a Nuclear blast), but somehow Indy's flies and bounces all over the place, and yet he emerges unharmed without a scratch on him. Unrealistic!!<br /><br />Besides this the film was decent and I purchased a copy and have watched it twice thus far. Wont watch it as much as the others, but glad I bought it.<br /><br />C+ rating
B00192KCQ0|4.0|I HATED the CD when I first heard it but after a few listens it is actually pretty good.    Although- a few of the tracks sound just like Pearl Jam.  I HATE Pearl Jam.
0756404746|5.0|People are always declaring that their book is the next Harry Potter, or that some author is the heir apparent to Tolkien, or similar laudatory praise. Most books that come with this kind of out-quote on the dustjacket fall flat. This one doesn't. Patrick Rothfuss is a master. Check how much the first edition, first printing hardcovers are going for, then get back to this book!
B000Y7ZHCU|5.0|I give credit where credit is due for Celine Dion--I was able to relive a concert in vivid detail!  I've never seen anything like it and they did a great job.  Particularly interesting too was the backstage pass (second disc) where you meet the cast as an observer during the production as well as follow Celine throughout the day from her house in the morning and back again at night. This is also a good opportunity to see creative director Franco Dragone's work--he so effectively creates a different world, as someone said, that you enter during the performance.  Enjoy!
B001DSNEJM|5.0|I rented this movie on Netflix, so got it the day it released.  I'm a Walker fan, but had prepared myself for a less-than-wonderful performance given it went straight to video, but I was delighted with what I saw.    Bottom line?  I really enjoyed this picture.  I'll be buying a copy of the DVD and will definitely be watching it again..  but mostly I JUST CAN'T UNDERSTAND WHY IT WENT STRAIGHT TO DVD!!  I found myself sitting on the edge of my seat during the movie, I went through a range of emotions.  There were no gratuitous sections (violence, love scenes or any other).  There was no fluff, the acting was very good - it was easy to forget these are actors and I got into the characters.  Weak points - the part of brother wasn't acted terribly well, a couple of parts of the story (but not the plot) were a bit weak, esp the premise around why he went back to a life of crime felt a bit \\"thin\\" to me - probably a result of rushing just a bit to get to the \\"real\\" story - post the lethal injection.    I hope others enjoy this movie as much as I did and talk about it - spread the word.
B00003CXCQ|4.0|The DVD arrived before the allotted time and was in great shape.  Would buy from them again.
0385340990|4.0|I'm using this book for my Book Review Club.  Our synagogue Sisterhood likes to use books that relate to the Jewish Experience around the world.  I chose the book because it's a new angle.  It's women, not an army, who are fighting back.  Booklooker
B0019FOC5E|5.0|IT IS THE BEST CD I OWN.  I play it everyday to inspire me and keep me<br /> HAPPY.  My family enjoys it too and we sing along to most of the songs.<br /> My sincere thanks to Rita Wilson and Tom Hanks for making this soundtrack<br /> and movie, it's the best.  Amazon keep up the good work in MUSIC.<br /> GO ABBA GO<br /><br /> A truly SATISFIED CUSTOMER
B001DDBCUU|5.0|this movie was great!!!!!! I watch it everytime I need to clear my head and just be me!!!
B001DDBCUU|5.0|I must admit I waited anxiously for this to come out on DVD as I wanted to know if they finally actually go through with it. To be honest I always thought Mr Big didnt deserve Carries unwaivering devotion and always thought she should have ended up with Aidan he was the far better man. But no one chooses who your heart longs for and in the end it was Mr Big who owned Carries Heart!! The scene outside the church where she beats him up with the bouquet was priceless. Amanda not telling her what she said to Big the night before the wedding until months later was so wrong. Her own jaded view of marriage nearly kept them apart. But without that scene the movie would have never happened. It really was very well thought out and written in tune with who the characters really were. In the end I was disappointed they didnt end up in there dream home but was glad to see the wedding went from being over the top to intimate and private as it should have been all along. Very well written and acted I thought. Loved it!! I think they need to do one more with them having children and with Samantha finally getting married and becoming a Mom too that is bound to be hilarious!! Glad to see Steve and Amanda back together as I truly think he has always been the \\"ONE\\" for her. Great acting on all their parts! Thumbs up!!
B0002TJGQS|5.0|Worked exactly as advertised in garage door opener.  Price of the 5-pack was less than a single battery at retail stores even with shipping, letting me change out batteries in both openers and still have spares.
B000P0J09C|5.0|This movie is one of the saddest movies about the Vietnam war ever.  I think what impacted me most was the choice of music for several of the scenes.  I don't like the \\"blood and guts\\" movies, but this one made a statement and the music was so very sad and in a minor key and it made the movie a visual and auditory event.
B000E1ZBGS|5.0|Always a favorite, Keira Knightly is perfect for the part and although no one can (in my opinion) surpass Colin Firth's Mr. Darcy, Matthew McFayden runs a close second!
B000R7GKQE|5.0|This show will keep you on the edge of your seat. it is exciting and full of mystery. I love this show and I Highly recommend it to anyone! It is like a scary movie every episode!
B000YIGNKE|4.0|I first viewed this movie last winter (2008) when the BBC released several new Masterpiece Theater productions. Although the screenwriters combined some scenes, dialog and characters, ostensibly to shorten the story for filmimg, and that bothers me as a Jane Austen fan, I still like the movie for its own sake.  Once I overlook its faults, there are several things I enjoy.  One of them is the atmosphere the filmmakers create, of hopelessness early on for Anne Elliot, as she is a spinster who erringly refused the hand of her one true love.  Her regret and loneliness are well-portrayed.  One gets the feeling that Anne has nothing to hide from the viewer, and that adds to her appeal.  But the movie, nearly as well as the book, also portrays Anne's rising hope and, in the end, her well-deserved joy.  Though a fabrication of the screenwriter's imaginations, the very final scene COULD very well have happened, and we want it to, for Anne's sake.   I have watched this movie three times in the last several months.
0439023483|5.0|It was the best book I ever read. seen I start read the first page I could not stop until I finish the  book
1400063515|4.0|You must have keen interests in economics, statistics and philosophy if you want to enjoy this book. If you do however, this book seems elementary to surviving, or putting it more positively, doing well in this fast and treacherous world. You have to illustrate a lot of the theory with practical situations in your daily professional or other life to get the point or to make it interesting sometimes. Some of the author's examples are poorly chosen; the \\"black swan\\" itself for instance: what was the big deal about the discovery of that bird? Certainly nothing compared to the dramatic events the black swan is supposed to stand for. WW I is another poor example of a black swan; the starting event was a surprise, but all the plans were ready. In summary: the book is 100% original and added-value, but could use a Bill Bryson make-over
0439023483|5.0|I absolutely loved this book!<br />From start to finish I couldn't stop reading it. Every chapter leaves you wanting to know what happens next and even after I finished the book it left me wondering.<br />It was great, I really recommend it :)
B000850IHW|3.0|This is good, but seems a little too laid back,some of their other works seem more interesting to me.
B000O77SRC|5.0|The original and the best in my opinion! See Alan Rickman in his breakout role and in his prime! Also, Bruce Willis still had some hair left! Hard to believe this movie is 20 years old.
B000OPPBEQ|4.0|Stunning Blu ray movie(s)video is clean, sharp and full of depth. Watched via my projector and ..WOW!!..way better than the dvd versions..A+  Sound/audio (dolby digital/ Tru HD)seems a tad low and not as \\"thundering\\" as the original dvd...all this means I had to crank up the volume a bit..anyway well worth the price.  I have not watched the \\"extras\\" in this set yet so I cannot rate those.
B000VLE3IS|5.0|The product is great, (no scratches, it was virtually brand new). Shipping was fast and easy.
B001C3KCSY|5.0|This album is a must have for any fan of KoL or alt/rock in general! I didnt think they could possibly top their last album, but I feel this one is even better and can be listened to straight through over and over again.
B000RT3RSQ|5.0|This is a Ry classic, I owned a 1/2 speed master on LP and it was great; the USA CD release never did this recording justice. UNTIL now. Re-mastering is great and now I can really enjoy this recording again.     I also ordered Bop Till You Drop and I am hoping for Borderline, and Crossroads to be re-mastered.     Great music, great sound! You cannot go wrong buying this import. Look for a great Rhino 2-CD set to be released shortly. This will be a great over view of this man's vast career.      Phil
B00005JPS8|5.0|A very well done movie, and looking forward to the next one. Iron man was one of the best as a kid, and this movie does it justice.   Great effects, Mavel Studio's knows how to make the action picture...  Robert Downey Jr. Continues to show his brilliance, and Gweneth is the perfect too tall Pepper Potts.  Buy this for a fast action packed movie, and enjoy. Nuff said true believer!
B001C08RHA|5.0|I never read much of iron man when i was growing up but after watching this movie i want to.  This movie was great and rdj was great in the roll. I am looking forward to the second movie.
B000002A3T|5.0|The Division Bell is my favorite Pink Floyd album. The production is superb, the sequence of songs is perfect; even my teenage daughter fell in love with it and used it as her lullabye CD, sending her off to dreamland every night. The thing that sets Pink Floyd music off from other rock groups, their atmospheric quality (mood music?), is capitalized on this album.  I also recommend the concert DVD [[ASIN:B000BTC5LW Pink Floyd - Pulse]] for a truly FANTASTIC visual experience of this music. The DVD includes concert footage from their Dark Side Of The Moon album, a real bonus.
B000R7GKQE|5.0|My daughter has been waiting for this one. a great show and great series. I've watch it with her and highly recommend this. Then next go get the third season.
B000W91RUG|5.0|This is a wonderful new show with a great cast of characters and wonderful story lines.  The comedy is \\"laugh right out loud\\" funny...something we all could use these days, when not much else is funny in our lives.  Don't miss it!!
1569242739|5.0|This book is amazing! I have made only 5 different recipes so far and all of them were fabulous!!!! Everyone Vegan and nonvegan loved them! The Lemon frosting is my favorite so far but I am excited for the coconut! WOOO GIVE ME MOREEEEE!!!! These recipes are to die for! Cupcakes are the best because you don't have to commit to a hole piece of cake.. especially mini cupcakes! The recipes are very easy to follow with ingredients that are very easy to find. Most, I am sure you will have in your average kitchen. Try this book I know you will love it!
0515141429|5.0|After reading my first Lee Child/Reacher book, I was hooked. Had to buy all 12 written. Still love the character, Reacher ranks right up there with Mitch Rapp.  The best part of the character, for me, is he always shows up at the right time, he's brilliant, and always lives. The action is tremendous and non-stop, just love it.     I wish Lee Child would write faster though, I can't wait for #13!     Patty
B00192KCQ0|3.0|I gotta tell you, I don't know if it is me or the music comming out lately in general. I am a die hard Metallica fan and love their live shows. I have every Metallica album and of course had to buy this for my collection. I may have to listen to this more to have it grow on me but C'MON this is Metallica. I shouldn't have to let it grow on me. I have not been happy since Load came out. Prior to that I loved about every song from Kill em all up to the Black album. I loved S&M but that was kind of a greatest hits with the orchestra.Give it a listen and see if u agree.
B000W967KQ|4.0|It is not a text book, it's just real world. Totally agree that the world is a brutal place and you have to protec yourself. A place full of negative people that use their lives self justification and never get ahead with positives and creatives ideas. It's a very positive point of view given by two successful bussines people. It's not just about how to make money, it's how to use your creative attitude to get ahead in life. I can recomend for people how likes to have the best into each one.
B0019CSXAM|5.0|What more can you say about \\"How i met your mother\\" other than great show, great fun...
B001DDBCUU|5.0|Well, what's not to like about this movie. All the memories of the hours spent with these women came back...and BIG...it just doesn't get better than Chris Noth!!!!!!
B0019T9FL6|5.0|Jennifer has a very beautiful and strong voice.  I love every song on this CD.  She \\"Goes To Church\\" on a couple of the songs.  I'm so happy for her.  She never gave up on her dream. You Go Girl!!!
B0007TKNL0|5.0|This was an excellent movie.  Gerard Butler is a great actor and also can sing very well.  Sorry Michael Crawford - but I enjoyed Gerard's singing better than yours.  He expressed more emotion. Throughout the entire movie you can understand how and what he felt and the hurt he has been through.  I only wish they would have left the song 'No One Would Listen' in the movie because he sung how he felt. Although the ending was different from the book, it was well done.  If I could I'd give it 10 stars.
B000002UAU|4.0|Influential and historical, no doubt about it.  However, I did not, nor do I now, feel this was the Beatle's best work.  It is perhaps the most unique album because of the time and the circumstances in which it was recorded. Very \\"arty\\" and polished.  Influenced countless bands in the seventies who perhaps even outdid the Beatles at their own game.  It is a decent album though, with some strong moments.  Lucy, Kite, and A Day are strong.  The rest of the songs are pleasant enough and you might find yourself humming some of them.  This is not a trivial album by any means even though there are better albums by the Beatles themselves and other artists. I do agree with some of the trashers out there that the Beatles were outdone by others, but I wouldn't go as far as calling them the Nsync of the sixties.  Some of our reviewers need a history lesson before they go spouting off.  The Beatles were NOT manufactured.  They were from working-class families, worked and toured for years in Germany and Great Britain before realising fame,and were a tight-knit dance band before they DEVELOPED *THEIR* composing ablilities. Nuff-said.
B001CN2WXM|5.0|This is a great film.  IT SHOULD HAVE WON THE ACADEMY AWARD FOR BEST PICTURE OF 1997 INSTEAD OF THAT NUDIE BOAT MOVIE.    Although not my personal favorite film of 1997, that honor goes to \\"Air Force One\\".    I am glad they FINALLY came out with this 2 disc special edition.  SHOULD have come out in 2007 for the 10th anniversary.    It was this film I learned about Russell Crowe.  Became a fan at once.  And, another SHOULD, he SHOULD have been nominated an Oscar as well.    The cast are perfect in their roles.    A flaw.  Did NOT need the nudity in the film.    There are good extras in this special edition.  They did a good job with this.     Now, the mistakes with the DVD packages.  Although it comes with a CD this does NOT make up for these mistakes to me  1.  NO chapter list  2.  No printed material on the film  3.  Badly designed how they input the discs inside the package
B000W8OM5Y|5.0|Braveheart, despite some historical inaccuracies, is a high quality movie with much more than simple entertainment value. It belongs in everyone's library, not only because it should be considered a cimematic classic, but because it imparts important cultural, political, and western sociological tenets which must not be forgotten by our modern 'take it for granted' culture. The lessons of history must not be forgotten lest we find ourselves doomed to repeat them. Mel Gibson's Braveheart is an excellent vehicle to impart these lessons. It's violent and bloody, it's romantic, it's realistic enough to make one sit up and pay attention. If you haven't seen it, do so. If you have but don't own a copy, buy one and watch it several more times. Our future depends on it.
0143143492|5.0|This is the most fantastic book that I bought in the last 12 months. We really can apply what we learn in New Earth! It worth!
B001GAOY5U|1.0|Well, for a movie that exists to \\"show off\\" the visual fun of \\"new\\" 3-D, it's a shame that the 3-D verson of this movie is in the old cheesy red/blue anaglyph 3-D (with red/blue glasses).  Those hoping for a cool 3-D HD experience or to relive the 3-D you saw in the theater will just have to keep waiting....
0143038419|5.0|This book really give me the chance to do some different in my life style! Beth teach us with her own history, so we can know about dificulties without live the difficulties! Fantastic!
B000FVQYYK|5.0|Thank you Stephenie Meyer for turning me on to Muse. Same as with her books, I am now obsessed with their music.  Even as I type this they are playing on my computer. I listen to their CD's constantly in the car, at work, at home, at the gym. Being a `thirty something' I feel a little silly with how obsessed I am with them but so it is and shall be.
B000AY74OG|4.0|We bought the movie for a trip to visit family and thoroughly enjoyed it.  Even my mother watched it with us.  I would have given five stars but the DVD version does not include a cartoon short feature with the penguins as we had hoped.
6301978587|5.0|I have all of Barbra Streisand movies on Dvd except for this one.  This is one of the biggest mysteries.  It probably is Barbra's best film ever and it is still not out on Dvd.  What are they waiting for?  I wish someone knew the answer to this question.
B000VZYXPC|5.0|I basically saw the Killers live before I'd ever really known who they were on the radio.  I recognized some of their big hits - Mr. Brightside & All These Things That I've Done - and said, \\"Oh, that's these guys\\".  As I heard and got to know their other songs, somewhat more introspective and personal songs from Sam's Town, I thought, \\"this is a really good band\\" and decided to buy all their CD's (2).  I've heard their new single, \\"Human\\" that's due to come out on their next album this Fall and I'm stoked.  It sounds like a continuation of Sam's Town, even though it's a little club'ish, and I don't club nor dance.  It's a great sound, 80's-esque but definitely their own.  I hope their around together for a long time, and that they maintain their individuality.  I'm shocked that Sam's Town is only $5.99 on Amazon MP3's.  It's a worthwhile download.  Not 1 bad tune on the whole album; even the intro and exitlude are catchy and worth listening to.  Enjoy!
1416562591|4.0|This is a well written and engaging story.  Very creative in the way the story unfolds and surprises from beginning to end.  Highly recommmended.
0807126063|5.0|The story in A Confederacy of Dunces revolves around Ignatius J. Reilly, a hypochondriac former grad student living in New Orleans with an obsession with modern culture and the Middle Ages.  The book made its way to press by Toole's mother sending it to Walker Percy (author of The Moviegoer) with a request that he read her late son's work; sadly, Toole committed suicide a couple of years earlier.    Most of the book concerns the utterly unemployable Reilly's attempts to join the working world.  As you can imagine, hijinks ensue, but everyone is different for having made Reilly's acquaintance.  The conclusion of the book is both completely fulfilling and, considering the weirdness of many of the characters, surprisingly hopeful.    The bottom line:  A Confederacy of Dunces is a great novel; parts of it made me laugh out loud, which is something of a rarity these days.  And it's not funny in a conceited, \\"look how smart I am that I get the in-jokes\\" kind of way; it's just a great story about the kind of person every English major in the world is one quirk away from becoming.  It's the classic tale of a person over-educated and sent into the world armed and dangerous.    A Confederacy of Dunces is readable, funny, and has something to say about the human condition.  I highly recommend it.
B001DDBCUU|5.0|Great flick if you're into the series.  It closed a lot of loose ends and I think I went through almost every emotion while watching.
0525478183|5.0|I first fell in love with John Green when he came out with the book LOOKING FOR ALASKA.  I was equally enchanted with AN ABUNDANCE OF KATHERINES. Last night, I finally finished John Green's latest and greatest addition, PAPER TOWNS.  Mind you, I have been trying to finish it for three days crammed between work, work, and more work. It got to the point that something had to give and it was going to be my work, because I just had to finish the book.  I read someone else's review and she said that she was tempted to skip to page 305, the last page, to see what  happened to one of the main characters, Margo.  I want this person to know I was tempted to but, alas, I did not peek either - I was so proud of myself.  Besides, waiting until the end made the book even more satisfying.<br /><br />Reading this book reminded me of the people who I went to high school with - the band geeks, the jocks, the Untouchable popular kids.  I knew people that were like Margo, Quentin, Radar, Ben, and Lacey.  Some I liked, others I didn't.  I get Margo's feeling of needing to get out of the paper town she lives in so she doesn't get even more sucked in.<br /><br />Would I have done it her way? Probably not, but her way led to some really funny dialogue between the characters and a neat little mystery to figure out.<br /><br />PAPER TOWNS pulls you in from the beginning.  One thing Green does so well is go into detail, painting rich layers seamlessly tying together the characters and their stories.<br /><br />We read a story about something that happened in Quentin and Margo's childhood and then skip forward many years to a time right before Prom, which Quentin will not go to for any amount of money offered.  Things get interesting when Margo shows up at his window dressed liked a ninja, insisting that he has to help her.  Mind you, Margo is Quentin's unrequited love, so you tell me, does he go along with Margo's adventure?  It only takes a little coaxing, but he sure does.  The night, as they accomplish all the things on Margo's list, who is hellbent on revenge, is pretty magical, not just for Quentin but Margo, too.<br /><br />School the next day was definitely interesting, for lack of a better word.  Quentin struggles to say awake in class because their adventure lasted to just about dawn, and then realizes that Margo isn't in school.  I am not sure if I would have gone to school, either, after all they had done the night before....<br /><br />The question will soon become - where is Margo?  She has seemingly disappeared, leaving clues for Quentin to find.  Will Quentin and his friends figure out the clues, and will they lead to Margo?  And if they do, will she be dead or alive?  You will just have to read the book to find out.<br /><br />It will not surprise me one iota if Green walks away with a few awards for this book.  Definitely another winner!<br /><br />Reviewed by:  coollibrarianchickthings on Margo's list, who is hellbent on revenge, is pretty magical, not just for Quentin but Margo, too.      School the next day was definitely interesting, for lack of a better word.  Quentin struggles to say awake in class because their adventure lasted to just about dawn, and then realizes that Margo isn't in school.  I am not sure if I would have gone to school, either, after all they had done the night before....    The question will soon become - where is Margo?  She has seemingly disappeared, leaving clues for Quentin to find.  Will Quentin and his friends figure out the clues, and will they lead to Margo?  And if they do, will she be dead or alive?  You will just have to read the book to find out.      It will not surprise me one iota if Green walks away with a few awards for this book.  Definitely another winner!     Reviewed by:  coollibrarianchick
B000084T18|1.0|50 cent isnt a thug,he got shot and snitched on many many many people on his raps  hes just another sell out like most people out in the mainstream,also not a good role model...nobody likes a rat    check out some real underground rap
0312379293|5.0|Archer speaks for himself.    He is one of the most interesting author.    Read all his books.    One is better then the next.    Hats off to Archer    Thanks   ann marie
B000068CNX|1.0|I would not recommend buying from this seller. I still have not received my order and this seller will not respond to any of my emails. Most likely I will not even be able to get my money back. :(
B001DDBCUU|4.0|I loved watching this movie. For those of you who thought it was tacky, get a life and a sense of humor to go with it!!! This movie is pretty much harmless. I found it funny, fascinating, and stylish, just like the original series. Sure this isn't gonna win any Emmys, but the good movies never really do. I'm sure i'll be watching this over and over again, because it's a good laugh and a movie that will have you thinking about your own life from time to time. In one way or another, we all somehow relate to the characters and/or situations in this movie. We can learn something from Carrie, Samantha, Charlotte, and Miranda. Nice movie.
B00007K02F|5.0|I loved the service. I ordered it and got what I expected. It came quickly and was in perfect shape!
0679411585|5.0|This book is excellent in writing, very easy to read - even for non native english speaking readers. I'm impressed with the level of detail and how the authors enabled me to understand (at least a fraction of) what they experienced in 1965.  I would recommend this book to anyone who's interested in the Vietnam War, or any war for that matter - especially in respect to the life of a soldier in combat and the lives behind the numbers...
0452289963|5.0|Everyone on the face of this planet needs to read this book.  Especially overly-marketized Americans.  This is stuff that rings so true, stuff we already knew, stuff we have forgotten along the consumeristic-lifestyle waystyle.  Thank God for this book. I am at peace with myself and the world after reading this book.  I want to read this book over and over and over!
B000G73U5Y|5.0|This is a great CD. Each song brings back so many great memories. Highly recommended!
1577314808|5.0|This book is better than I thought it would be.  I had read \\"A New Earth\\" previously so I expected this to not be much different.  But it was different!  And totally excellent.  I want to sleep with this book!
B001C08RHA|5.0|Great movie - true to form - sound, picture, actors - all were at their best!  Loved it!
1594489505|5.0|A very sad tale of those who were left-out in post-Soviet, war-wretched Afghanistan. I haven't read the \\"Kite Runner\\" but saw the movie and was quite disappointed with the quality of production. I hope that they do justice to the 2nd book if ever a movie is made on it.
0739368044|3.0|I am enjoying the book (CDs) but this is not the best of the series. I am disappointed that what should have been the third and final is now just the third.  This one contains a lot more fighting and death than the previous two.  I do enjoy the reader of this audio book. He does an excellent job.
0525950079|5.0|I read POTE several years ago in paperback and thoroughly enjoyed the book.  I received WWOE last Christmas and it sat on my bookshelf for sometime.  About a week ago, I picked up the book and haven't been able to put it down.  My interest is normally in science fiction and horror i.e. Stephen King, Authur C. Clark, Isaac Asimov, but Ken Follett has done an outstanding job with Pillars of the Earth and World Without End.  I've been spending anywhere from 2-4 hours a night reading this book to the point my wife was concerned that I was staying up to late for work the next day.  I'm probably down to my last 75 pages and will finish tonight.  Excellent plot and character development.  The different challenges each of the main characters faced during the time period was excruciating which caused me to keep reading.  Life was just plain brutal during the 1300's.
0812968255|5.0|\\"And you can also commit an injustice by doing nothing.\\" -- Marcus Aurelius, from Meditations    My sister loves this book, but I was never able to get into it until I found this translation. Marcus Aurelius wrote this for his own usage - it was never intended for publication, much less being seen by others. It was something he was writing in uncertain times, and it's an intimate view of a man searching for peace and self-mastery.     This grace and immediacy did not come across well in previous, more formal-sounding translations which seemed to imply that Marcus Aurelius was handing down maxims to a large crowd. Hays' new translation lets us get closer to the author, and also gain a deeper understanding of how badly Marcus needed this for his own sanity, and in turn, how much modern life needs his thoughts on being a decent person in an indecent world.    I heard about a subway mugging (apologies - I can't remember where I read this, but it was within the past 3 years) in which a young man intervened, injuring himself in the process and becoming hospitalized. When asked why he inserted himself into a situation which he could have easily avoided, he quoted from this book. Just go and read this. It certainly invited me to consider a more wide-ranging perspective and a greater awareness of the daily thoughts that distract us, and the possibility of thinking nobler, more solid thoughts.
B000002TQV|5.0|I can't complain.  It was exactly as listed: used but in good condition with all components of the CD.
0439813786|3.0|This short adventure holds many surprising turns and twists.  For any age, this picture book/adventure is good.  Peter Bell Tevis Jr. High School
0525478183|4.0|When Margo Roth Spiegelman beckons Quentin Jacobsen in the middle of the night--dressed like a ninja and plotting an ingenious campaign of revenge--he follows her. Margo's always planned extravagantly, and, until now, she's always planned solo. After a lifetime of loving Margo from afar, things are finally looking up for Q . . . until day breaks and she has vanished. Always an enigma, Margo has now become a mystery. But there are clues. And they're for Q.<br /><br />*sighs* I don't know what to say about this book. It had some flaws, and it could have been a bit better, but that didn't stop me from loving it.<br /><br />Let's get to the flaws first.<br /><br />1.) The middle, or second part of the book, was slow at times and sometimes it discouraged me from finishing it.<br /><br />2.) If you've read John Green's other books, then you know the protagonist of the book is just a regular guy, who falls in love with a girl who is out of his league. That was the case in this book. So, I already knew how it was going to end.<br /><br />3.) Quentin was a fairly boring character, one I had a hard time connecting with.<br /><br />Now the wonderfully, amazing things about this book.<br /><br />The novel was funny, amazing, wonderful, entertaining, and just plain awesome!<br />Even the (aforementioned) flaws couldn't keep me from loving this book. John Green's writing makes me you feel a range of emotions in just a few pages. He doesn't dumb anything down, like a lot of YA books do. The Margo mystery was well-constructed and well-written. Green really knows how to make the characters feel like real teenagers. They don't feel forced or fake. All the characters grew in this novel, especially Quentin. He really matured, and even though I knew how the book was going to end, I just couldn't help but feel sad for him. Overall, this was a humorous, amazing, wonderful, and a definite must-read for every teenager out there. And my review doesn't do justice to this book.<br />-Carol<br />[...]
B000VZUT64|5.0|This album was burned into my teenage DNA, along with the Montrose first album, early Alice Cooper & Grand Funk Railroad.  Too bad Trower unfairly got tagged as a Hendrix clone; while there are a few resemblances in guitar sound, Trower is definitely a separate and superb artist.  I couldn't get enough of him.    This remaster sonically shines.  There's more clarity here even on a 256k download than my original vinyl with a good cartridge.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|I first read about this album in Guitar World early this past summer.I knew this album was going to be good when I read that Rick Rubin was producing it.I was not disapointed in the least.At first,the style was very reminecent of their early stuff.But the more I listened to it,I realised that its a mix of old and new,blended perfectly.I was also very happy to learn that Kirk Hamett was playing leads on every song.While I liked Load,Reload,and St.Anger,this album marks a return to the Metallica that I know and love.The riffs are awesome,and the lyrics are quite intense.Every song on this album is great.Buy it!
B00192KCQ0|4.0|Death Magnetic is a wonderful attempt by Metallica to re-capture the metal power that drove them to create their first four albums.  I think that the album would have fit well between Justice For All and Metallica (the black album).  It's not Justice For All, but it happily is not like the commerically successful songs-for-radio black album.  The Death Magnetic songs are long and the riffs are many.  The first 4 songs offer glimpses of the original Metallica sound.  A sound that has been sorely missed.  To semi-quote Eminem: \\"it felt so empty without them.\\"
B001C3KCSY|5.0|Fantastic.. speechless really..maybe one of the greatest moments in recent music history. Moved me from beginning to end.
0307388921|3.0|I think Chuck Palahniuk has more funny ideas than he really knows what to do with.  \\"Choke\\" is so stuffed full of them that none of them have a chance to breathe.  A protagonist who pretends to be choking in restaurants so that strangers -- check.  A group of stoners and losers who work in a strict mock-Colonial village -- check. Seeing the world through the jaundiced eye of a medical school dropout -- check.  All of these elements appear in \\"Choke\\" and none of them are as funny or effective in combination as they could have been with a little authorial restraint.<br /><br />This novel was severely bogged down by Palahniuk's stylistic quirks -- phrases that are repeated for emphasis until the reader is sick of them, attempts to shock with explicit sex, and, in this case, a narrator who talks like a Valley Girl. For sure.<br /><br />It seems like Palahniuk's attention was divided as he wrote this. Too much of his energy went into trying to be transgressive and extreme. Denny and Ida Mancini could have been great characters, but they were overshadowed by Victor's not-very-compelling narrative voice.<br /><br />Grow up, Mr. Palahniuk, and try again.  I believe you have it in you.
B0007YMUZW|5.0|In my opinion, this is Adams best work.  A two CD set of beautiful songs inspired by the soul of the Carolinas, haunting, poetic and bluesy.
B00004TX5F|4.0|This movie is exquisitely shot and directed, and the display of baroque opera segments is stunning. There is much validity in the dipiction of late baroque music and performance practice. The opening scenes of a warning to the child Carlo Bruschi by a suicidal castrato sets the tone for the curtained emotions of the hero. Highly recommended and a must-buy for music history fans.
0061537934|4.0|this was a fast read, very clever premise. starts off a bit depressing, but push on for a great story!
B0002J4ZWS|4.0|[[ASIN:B0002J4ZWS The Shawshank Redemption (Two-Disc Special Edition)]]  In great condition, love the features... arrived super fast.
0743270754|5.0|For anyone who ever wished to travel back in time to experience the life and times of those who shaped our country, this is the book for you.  Doris Kearns Goodwin submerges us in the intimate details of the lives the of the political rivals and their families and the very volatile issues of slavery.  Her research is exhaustive and much could only have been gleaned from the beautifully written prose contained in private jounals, intimate letters, and political speeches. Some sections contained way more information than I was interested in, but for those craving all the details, they are all here.    This book makes you realize the importance of recording our histories for future posterity!
B0013BNY2Q|1.0|I have been a fan of REM's music for nearly 25 years.  Through the years, I've always looked forward to their next release.  They have put out a few clunker albums, but then again, what band hasn't?      When I found out there was going to be a deluxe edition of the album with the CD/DVD, I of course bought it the first day.      I anxiously opened this CD for the drive home from work and was immediately disappointed.  What had happened to the band I had seen numerous times live and CDs I've enjoyed?  The conclusion a friend of mine and myself (he is a long-time fan as well) is that they have run out of ideas.  I was one who even thought \\"Around The Sun\\" wasn't that bad (although I know I'm in the minority).    I've always found something on an REM release to \\"take away,\\" e.g., a great guitar riff, a great lyric, or the like.    This album suffers from poor production with over-saturated levels, distortion (unintended), unmemorable and lyrics buried in the mix (based on the poor writing, I can see why) and an album I, as a long-time fan, was ashamed to have purchased.  I don't plan on renewing my fanclub membership this year.      REM, you've let a long-time fan down.  If this is the best you can do, call it a day.  Meanwhile, listen to Automatic for the People or one of their earlier works for musical inspiration.
B000001ESF|3.0|The album opens miraculously. Cheesy sci-fi sound effects give way to a staccato guitar attack. There are really too many cool riffs in the Overture to count and it is one of Rush's best hard-rocking instrumentals. \\"Temples of Syrinx\\" - with Geddy Lee's vocals heading to the rafters - is just as good, if not better. This is easily the most resounding 7 minutes of music Rush would produce in the 70s. After that there are a few lulls (\\"Discovery\\" especially), but they don't bother me too much. One does get the sense that Rush has bitten off a bit more than they can chew. The story is fairly melodramatic, and if anything, the songwriting here isn't pompous or bombastic enough. Queen was always better at melodrama and one can only imagine what Freddy Mercury might have done with \\"Presentation\\" and \\"Soliloquy.\\" These are only minor complaints, however. As a solid chunk of hard rock, the 2112 Suite works quite well and, on its own, it would merit 4 stars.    The main problem I have with the album is that the second half doesn't come close to living up to the first half. \\"Something for Nothing\\" is the only track that really stands out here (but the version on ALL THE WORLD'S A STAGE is better). The rest of the songs rate OK at best.     Despite the fact that I am not in love with this album as a whole, I still recommend it for anyone who is just starting to explore Rush's back catalog. (I know, I'm going WAY out on a limb there.) I MEAN IT'S 2112 DAGGONIT!
B001G5ZKZS|5.0|I totally agree that this can confidently be rated a 5 before we even see it. True RUSH fans know it will be perfect. Every time I have gotten wind of a live DVD over the past six or seven years I get a little nervous. I fear that the powers that be will think there is too much live stuff coming out. Naturally there are going to be repeated songs. Anyway, from 1977 to 1997 I never missed seeing them live on their tours. Then I got sick and am now unable to go to the concerts. The fact that they have released a DVD of the concerts I have missed is fantastic. I just hope that continues, after the next tour another live DVD. True Rush fans will never tire of seeing the greatest musicians hitting the stage today.
0767821769|5.0|Delivery was as agreed and the dvd was in excellent condition.  I will buy  from this provider again.
B001GZ6QEC|1.0|How can this product have over 75 reviews and it has not even been released yet?  This is not a movie review forum, this review forum is meant for the PRODUCT (blu-ray vs other version).    Amazon, please assist in filtering this, such that when I look for reviews of a PRODUCT in future, I might actually be able to find the ones which actually do, rather than have to sift through hundreds of over-zealous fans' personal step by step synopsis of the storyline.
B0019FOC5E|5.0|i thoroughly enjoyed this cd - it was like seeing the film all over again and feeling the good vibrations.
B000005DQR|5.0|Moody, groovy, dead on. It's all about the space in between, the skip beat, the timing. Extrordinary phrasing and phasing. One color builds on the other, layers that create a single vison. You feel sound and hear the air. What great music to move down the highway at a high rate of speed. This is traveling music. Stare straight ahead and get this one.
B000067FP8|4.0|The DVD was new as promise, and I was very satisfied with the delivery time the next day.
B000002MY3|5.0|As I reflect on this time in my life when the album was written about what I was going through, it is amazing how well \\"God\\" put the writing together.  The pain is there, but more importantly it is a reminder of good times that make the pain worthwhile!  I was outed at 15 to a religous set of parents and things were shakey.  My youth pastor was my best friend that I trusted more than anything and told me it would go no further.  It's also amazing how it ties in with the \\"Evanescence\\" labeled albums that were left for me by someone who the person who stole it thought was dead and is not!  The two of them tie in...one about the harm caused when the media sexually exploited me to re-image Madonna from when I was 5 as an update as a sexually active young person!  \\"Evanescence\\" is about the harm I am being put through while they try to kill me because of their previous crime.  Bring me to life was actually a plea to PUT THEM TO DEATH!  Please pray for the country and especially more specifically for me as we are all being victimized but me at a much larger level by these people and the horrible hatred and harm, in incapeable hands that are not intelligent enough to raise a child let alone capeable of making sure the country is in good hands!  We all have our reasons to be here, we all have a thing or two to learn, we all need something to cling to...hopefully we will cling to the right things!  They have implanted deadly telepathic communication technology in me discussed in the song \\"This Grudge\\" on a later album that discusses them exploiting me from the age of 11.  I am dying from crime and the government placed by these people are siding with the crime in over 300 contacts!  Pray that on October 28th JUSTICE will finally start being served!  I am going to local court to start my way to the federal government!  GW Bush (genital warts), Condy looks like Rice (Condyloma is the medical term for Genital Warts) and my boyfriends Dick were removed from my butt when they implanted the technology, they raped me at 18 to devalidate the sexual exploitation of me at 11.  During that procedure they had me raped again and tried giving me a deadly disease according to the reports, but failed!  PRAY HARD THAT GOD WILL SAVE US FROM THE RELIGON AND THE HORRID PEOPLE IN IT AS A COUNTRY!  PRAY THAT SEPARATION OF CHURCH AND STATE WILL BE UPHELD AND THAT THESE HORRID PEOPLE KILLING IRAQI'S IN THE NAME OF RELIGON WILL BE BROUGHT TO JUSTICE.  GW Bush has admitted in the media (you can find it on youtube) that Iraq had NOTHING to do with 9-11 and that they have no weapons of mass destruction...however the group of religous crap trying to kill me do have a weapon of mass destruction etc!  PRAY AS A NON-RELIGOUS PERSON THAT THE CREATOR OF THE WORLD WILL WAKE UP AND SAVE US!lanted the technology, they raped me at 18 to devalidate the sexual exploitation of me at 11.  During that procedure they had me raped again and tried giving me a deadly disease according to the reports, but failed!  PRAY HARD THAT GOD WILL SAVE US FROM THE RELIGON AND THE HORRID PEOPLE IN IT AS A COUNTRY!  PRAY THAT SEPARATION OF CHURCH AND STATE WILL BE UPHELD AND THAT THESE HORRID PEOPLE KILLING IRAQI'S IN THE NAME OF RELIGON WILL BE BROUGHT TO JUSTICE.  GW Bush has admitted in the media (you can find it on youtube) that Iraq had NOTHING to do with 9-11 and that they have no weapons of mass destruction...however the group of religous crap trying to kill me do have a weapon of mass destruction etc!  PRAY AS A NON-RELIGOUS PERSON THAT THE CREATOR OF THE WORLD WILL WAKE UP AND SAVE US!
B0006A9FKA|5.0|I never knew such movie existed. Wow..........where have I been and what have I been missing~!!!! PERFECT movie for me. It has EVERYTHING I LOVE about in this one movie, fun, funny, romance, action, beautiful places, beautiful people, beautiful music, and classy British taste and creativity. NOTHING like American movie. I love European movies. PERIOD. Listed as my TOP favorites movie of all time now.
B000BC8STM|4.0|Now this video was from a few years back but Cher still knew how to wow and entertain and audence. This is a must dvd for all Cher fans.
0553381407|5.0|... having someone who stands by your side.    Perfect examples, broad life experience, no judgement, just a quest for the inner truth each one of us has deep inside.    I suggest this book to all those who need a neutral point of view, beyond common sense, religion, and even psychotherapy itself.
B00009V7PJ|5.0|I have always enjoyed Chere and this dvd shows her really enjoying pleasing her fans.
0385340990|5.0|First, there are the \\"novel\\" layers. The first spins a fascinating tale of the courage and ingenuity of a few Guernsey islanders who rise above the constant peril and near-starvation of the German occupation of WWII by inventing the literary society of the title. The other layer recounts the efforts of a writer in the 1960's to turn the story into a novel.  The layers are tied together through a love story and also through clever use of a structure as old as the novel itself.<br />  Like Richardson's \\"Pamela\\" it is an epistolary novel, or novel told through letters.  In the case of \\"The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society,\\" the letters are exchanged among the writer, her publisher, the islanders, and a couple of others.  The islanders write of their wartime experiences; the author questions them and is intrigued enough to visit Guernsey, from where she regularly corresponds with others to keep matters up-to-date.<br />  In addition to its merits as fiction, the novel is chock full of information regarding the political status of Guernsey and what life there was like during the occupation--to the best of my knowledge the only comparable source was the splendid, if all-too-brief BBC TV series \\"Island at War.\\"[[ASIN:B0006Q93F6 Island at War]]<br />  Just one little caveat: the first twenty pages or so lead readers to think the book is \\"chick lit.\\"  Well, it is that, but it is, in fact, so much more than the sum of its parts.  Gents, just go ahead and start in the middle.  You'll be glad you did.
B001DDBCUU|5.0|I have always been a big fan of the show and when the movie came out I was out of the country in Italy. Needless to say I had to wait to see the movie until I returned but it was woth the wait. I loved it. I laughed and cried. I was counting the days for it to come out on video and as soon as it did I ordered it. I have watched it twice since I got it. The commentary version with Patrick King talking about the movie is great too. Thanks for doing the show justice and giving it all the right moves - just like Carrie and the girls!
0736063684|5.0|This book is an excellent resource for people wanting to know how to customize their workouts to target specific muscles and muscle groups. The information is presented in detailed, accurate pictures with concise text.  It's not difficult to read.  Use it more as reference material than as a front-to-back read-through.  My young son has even learned some anatomy by browsing through this book.
080701429X|5.0|[[ASIN:080701429X Man's Search for Meaning]] One of the most important books I will ever read.  Life transforming.  Unable to put it down.  And, at the end of the day, spiritually uplifting.
B00003CWTI|5.0|Magnolia seems to get better each time I watch it.  After seeing it 3 times, I now realize it's a brilliant work and one of the all time classics for a drama.  The performances are just unbelievable.  All of the actors completely immersed themselves into their roles.  This type of passion is rarely seen in today's cinema.  Paul thomas anderson captured magic in a bottle and Magnolia lives on as a documantation of brilliant cinema. It is story driven and character driven and it is why Paul Thomas Anderson in my oppinion is one of the best directors and writers in Hollywood.
B000002PCS|5.0|This is a truly lovely soundtrack with many variations on the central theme.Knowing the story of the film is perhaps helpful. Rhapsody on a theme of Paganini is powerful stuff. The final track with Roger Williams playing the theme from Somewhere in Time reminds us what a wonderful musician he is.
B0018QOIXU|4.0|If you have several personalities, everyone will probably like at least one, or some of them, right?  This must be the theory applied by Adele and her collaborators when choosing the material and production for these 12 tracks.  Avoiding the stylistic consistency of Duffy's \\"Rockferry\\" and Amy Winehouse's \\"Back to Black\\" (Adele's 2 UK soul sisters), they opted for an eclectic variety which left me feeling, after hearing it for the first time, that it was the oddest album I had ever heard.  I want to say right off that Adele's talent is not in question here.  She has a strong, smoky, supple voice, and she wrote or co-wrote most of the songs on the album, so she's got the goods.  It was the lack of consistency that threw me at first, until I stopped expecting it and just listened to what was there.<br /><br />I don't care for the first track, \\"Daydreamer\\".  Not at all.  I find it too soft and mellow, devoid of any spark.  Thankfully, it only gets better from there.  The next one, \\"Best For Last\\", sounds a little like what a lounge singer might sing.  I like that.  Then, with \\"Chasing Pavements\\", we get something in the realm of normal pop music.  It resembles the retro style Duffy has cultivated.  \\"Cold Shoulder\\", grounded by a basic hip-hop beat and decorated with very inventive vocals and production, is one of the best tracks.  \\"Melt My Heart to Stone\\" has the general feel and spirit of Macy Gray's \\"I Try\\".  In \\"First Love\\", Adele's vocal blends sweetly with the accompaniment of what can only be (in my head, anyway) a humongous music-box.  \\"Right As Rain\\" and \\"My Same\\" abound in energy and would probably delight a Vegas audience.  Adele sings Bob Dylan's \\"Make You Feel My Love\\" better than anyone I have heard;  her sincerity of feeling for the song is very evident.  I think \\"Tired\\" could probably be a hit for the current Duchess of Pop, Fergie.  And finally, I like \\"Hometown Glory\\" for its solid, thick piano sound and the cultural/political implications in its lyrics.<br /><br />I hope I have given you some idea of this CD's variety.  Adele shows a lot of promise.  She has proven that she can sing just about anything and do it justice.  But I feel that for long-term success, she needs to narrow her focus a little and \\"define\\" herself a little, as they say on American Idol.  Otherwise, all of those different voices might just blur in people's minds and make her too vague to remember.hope I have given you some idea of this CD's variety.  Adele shows a lot of promise.  She has proven that she can sing just about anything and do it justice.  But I feel that for long-term success, she needs to narrow her focus a little and \\"define\\" herself a little, as they say on American Idol.  Otherwise, all of those different voices might just blur in people's minds and make her too vague to remember.
B0019OP0GU|2.0|I was dissapointed in this movie. There is not anything terribly inappropriate, although several comments are made about the girls' bust sizes and one of the characters wears low cut blouses. There wasn't much of a plot somehow and many dead ends. The youngest girl, Posey, turns into a brat and winds up getting her way in the end. There isn't much ballet in it at all and the title itself has nothing to do with the movie. If you're a ballet fan, you will only be dissapointed. It's really not a children's movie.   The movie did keep my interest and the cast and acting is brilliant, but. . . . . Watch it if you want.
0810995212|5.0|This is the best book available on one of the greatest illustrators of the early 20th century. The number of major  illustrations by J.C. Leyendecker in this book is worth the price of the book by itself. The text is wonderful and knowledgable since it is written by the two founders of one the best museums in New England. The text is a little off base, in my opinion, when it comes to the comdemnation of a homophobic environment of the first half of the twentieth century in the US. This is a small point overall when it comes to such a well researched publication. I'm hoping that the couple share their knowledge and skills with other less known Illustrators from the twentieth century. I'd love to see books like this on Austin Briggs, Bernie Fuchs, Bob Pike and others. Great book and well worth the price!
1596912863|3.0|As a fan of Jane Austen's work and an equally as big fan of Colin Firth, I thought that this was a cute premise for a book.  A great storyline and I did like the Jane, the main character that was searching for Mr. Right, but having trouble getting over her obsession with Pride and Prejudice's Mr. Darcy and Colin Firth.  Jane's aunt leave her a trip (in her will) to Austenland, perhaps in effort to get it out of her system.<br /><br />I did have a bit of trouble connecting with the characters because they were all pretending to be people in 19th century England, so it was hard to tell who was acting and who was sincere.  (as there was some of both)<br /><br />Also, Austenland kind of creeped me out as for some it seemed to be a high priced place that rich people vacationed at to have encounters outside of their miserable marriages.  It just didn't seem to be the magical place that it was painted as.<br /><br />The ended was a little silly, but ultimately cute.  I rather enjoyed reading it, but wouldn't go so far as to recommend it to anyone.  Just an average read.
B000C65Z1G|5.0|Part mystery, part love story, part political thriller, director Fernando Meirelles' THE CONSTANT GARDENER was one of the very best films of 2005.<br /><br />Ralph Fiennes and Rachel Weisz star in this adaptation of John LeCarre's novel that takes some effective shots at the international pharmaceutical business.<br /><br />Fiennes plays a rather passive British diplomat, stationed in Africa, and Rachel is his activist wife who too often sticks her nose into very dangerous situations that makes some highly placed politicians nervous.<br /><br />It's no spoiler to reveal that Rachel is murdered, since this event takes place within the first five minutes or so of the movie.  Virtually her entire role is seen in flashback sequences, as Fiennes thinks back on their relationship in his quest to learn who killed his wife and why.<br /><br />His investigation uncovers a sinister conspiracy between big business and members of the British government that will destroy millions of innocent lives if it isn't stopped.  Soon, Fiennes finds himself being stalked by the same forces that killed his wife.<br /><br />Danny Huston, Bill Nighy and Pete Postlethwaite co-star in this superbly acted and scripted nail-biter.<br /><br />DVD extras include deleted scenes and several \\"Behind-the-Scenes\\" featurettes, including a fine one on Le Carre.<br /><br /> Michael B. Druxman
B001DJ69E8|5.0|I'll be honest, the power and passion of this music keeps me focused when played LOUD in the office on late nights when I burn the midnight oil.  It keeps me alert and inspired.
B0014127BO|5.0|Another great Bryan CD. Great tracks, perfect voice... a must have for all Bryan fans!
B001AEF6CW|3.0|The Big Lebowski is by FAR my favorite film. It is the brainchild of the brilliant Coen Brothers who also brought the world \\"Fargo\\" and \\"No Country..\\". This, however, is not a fitting tribute to the tenth anniversary of the film. The \\"bowling ball\\" display piece is made of cheap plastic and does not close properly. Even the DVD's came scratched, something that is unacceptable for this price and product.   But that's just like my opinion, man,,,
B001CIPU3G|3.0|(I might get flamed, but I'm just being honest...)    Trivium.  It seems that people either love 'em (like all the 5 star reviews suggest) or hate them (like all the dudes hanging out on Harmony Central suggest.)  I decided to go past the hype and say \\"You know what, I'm gonna listen to this record and make a freakin' opinion on it.\\"    So the short version of what I have to say is that it isn't \\"The Blackening\\" in terms of what it does for the neo-Thrash movement, but it's still better constructed and planned for what I expected and I hope they continue improving toward the future.    The long version...    So I heard pieces of their previous albums and it just seemed kinda generic to me as far as metal went.  I couldn't really feel it out to being satisfied with it and just said it wasn't my cup of Starbucks.    Yet this new record gets released as a concept record... huh?  Isn't metal about a bunch of sweaty dudes with sweaty armpits in sweaty mosh pits?  That alone put the album in a more favorable light.      So I get down to brass tax and start listening to the record.  For starters, the singing sounds a lot better than I remember.  The screaming sounds tighter too.  Considering that a lot of the focus is on Mr. Heafy, I'm glad for him.  The songs seemed well constructed and there wasn't anything really unappealing to listen to about the music.  All and all, I'd rather hear these guys on the radio than half of the other bands that are on there.    So why didn't I score this higher?  First off, it seemed a little too overproduced for my liking and made me wonder if these guys preferred it or needed it.  It's nice for metal to sound as clean as it does on this record, but I've heard other productions that were less compressed that were more impressive to listen to.  Also, it's kinda obvious to tell who influences these guys (here's a hint:  two bands from the Bay Area, their names both begin with an \\"M\\" and they're on tour together this winter.)  That kinda brings some joy out of it.    But you know what, instead of writing them off, I'm going to take notes, probably check them out live, and see how these guys progress because they still have potential to pull off that \\"landmark\\" album (this one's decent, but it's unfair to expect it to be a Master Of Puppets or Rust In Peace.)  Is it condescending to say that?  Not really, considering  the frontman's barely drinking age and is singing and shredding for a touring band.  Could I do that as a 22 year old?  I could, but not professionally.  These guys are still young and seem to be finding themselves as they mature.  I wish them the best.    So who do I recommend this CD to?  Well, fans of the New Wave of American Thrash Metal, younger fans getting into metal for the first time because of how accessible it is, and people who like Machine Head, Pantera, and older Metallica but don't consider themselves music snobs.
B00006RINF|5.0|This is the bands most solid effort. Some of the others border on greatness while this one achieves it well.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Well if you like rock or know so one that does, I highly recomend (Death Magnetic) by Metallica. My husband love rock and Metallica, so when I found out they had relased a new cd I went straight to Amazon.com. There I found the CD I bought it. In 2 days it was delivered to my house. Just in time for my husband Birthday. Amazon you have excellent service and an over all of different iteams. Thank you Amazon for always being there for me. From a scale 1 to 10 I grade Amazon 10!    Vivian C. Gold
B00081U7HC|3.0|One of those movies you watch every time it comes on television because it's so cute, yet one of those movies you're almost ashamed to adore because it has almost no redemptive features; `Pretty Woman' has become an instant classic for almost no reasons at all.  Sure, it's cute, but so aren't a lot more respectable films.<br /><br />Oh yeah, I forgot; Julia Roberts is amazing here.<br /><br />So, that answers all questions doesn't it?  Why do we love this movie?  We love it because it gave us Julia, our beloved Julia.  She is charming and warm and heartbreaking and moving and memorable and sincere and we just want to eat her up in every scene.  The problem with `Pretty Woman' is that when you take Roberts' magnetism out of the equation you have a rather empty film that relies on clich&eacute;s to carry it across the finish line.  It works to an extent (in the fact that it is charming in that totally forced kind of way) but it is nothing spectacular.<br /><br />So Edward, a wealthy businessman, pays Vivian, a streetwalker, a large sum of money to pretend to be his girlfriend over the weekend while he attends some social events.  He falls in love with her and visa-versa but this poses a problem because he starts to question his ethics (business-wise) and his partners are furious and attempt to break apart the pair.<br /><br />Total clich&eacute;.<br /><br />The acting is also hit-or-miss.  Like I said, Roberts is luminous.  We all know that (she has the Oscar nomination to prove it), but aside from her there are only a few standouts.  Jason Alexander is a little overdone, but I'm not a fan of his to begin with.  Laura San Giacomo is decent, but underused so she is rather unimportant.  Hector Elizondo is wonderful, and totally chews up his few scenes.  Then there is the rather boring and uninspired Richard Gere.  I have never been blown away by this guy, and here he just kind of sulks there throughout the movie.<br /><br />Does this guy know how to evoke any emotion?<br /><br />He just always appears so sullen.  Him and Nicolas Cage; like seriously, why are they acting?  Gere may be even worse that Cage for me.  At least Cage as the perfection that was `Leaving Las Vegas' and `Adaptation' (how he pulled those off is beyond me), and what does Gere have?  Chicago?  I rest my case.<br /><br />Anyways, this movie is really all about Roberts.  The film is a mess really; plot-wise at least.  It doesn't make a lot of sense and it glorifies a profession that is rather insulting and degrading.  At least `Leaving Las Vegas' had the decency to create a likable character stuck in a gritty world.  `Pretty Woman' is so obsessed with being charming and likable that it insults the audience by expecting us to buy into this Disney World variation of prostitution.<br /><br />Oh well, the movie is a C- but Roberts is a solid A+.like seriously, why are they acting?  Gere may be even worse that Cage for me.  At least Cage as the perfection that was `Leaving Las Vegas' and `Adaptation' (how he pulled those off is beyond me), and what does Gere have?  Chicago?  I rest my case.    Anyways, this movie is really all about Roberts.  The film is a mess really; plot-wise at least.  It doesn't make a lot of sense and it glorifies a profession that is rather insulting and degrading.  At least `Leaving Las Vegas' had the decency to create a likable character stuck in a gritty world.  `Pretty Woman' is so obsessed with being charming and likable that it insults the audience by expecting us to buy into this Disney World variation of prostitution.    Oh well, the movie is a C- but Roberts is a solid A+.
B00004SU5J|4.0|Been listening to this for the last three weeks since I got it. If u like acid jazz with a driving bass/precussion backbeat and some incredible keyboard and flute work this is for you.    About 5 very solid tracks, coupla ok ones and one is kinda background music.     Flip on this CD in your car in the nightime, seems to sound better at night, and cruise down road with a head noddin' stone cold groove
B0018S6YO4|4.0|Some say that Rihanna is just a gimmick.  I actually had a debate with some friends recently on Rihanna and Beyonce, trying to decide who the better singer was.  Don't get me wrong, in all technical terms Beyonce has the better voice, but I hate the term technical for it has no emotion attached to it.  Technical is just a lazy term we adopt to try and give our opinions validity.  You either enjoy listening to Beyonce's blandly familiar vocals or you don't.  Honestly, she has pipes, but her pipes sound like everyone else's pipes.  To me she doesn't stand out.  Rihanna on the other hand has a voice all her own.  Sure, she may not be able to hit the Mariah octaves, but she has this sultry spunk in her voice that engages me much more than Beyonce.<br /><br />So, with that said I decided to give her latest album another listen and give it my grade.  I was meaning to do this with Beyonce as well, but I haven't gotten around to it yet.  I imagine my review for her album will start out pretty much the same as this one.<br /><br />So let's look at `Good Girl Gone Bad' track by track, shall we.<br /><br />`Umbrella' has such a catchy and infectious beat; one can't help but love it.  You just want to move to it, sing along with it, and a song like that is worth its weight in gold.  There's no question as to why this song has been adopted as the anthem of this past summer.<br /><br />`Push Up on Me' has a club ready beat complete with Rihanna's inviting vocals that drive the song from beginning to end.  The track may not be suited for listening to while driving in your car, but it is prime dance music; as is `Please Don't Stop the Music', which I was less than impressed with until I actually heard it played in a club and the beat took over my body.  Now I have a better appreciation of this track, for while I may not just sit and listen to this, I hope they play it every time I'm at a dance club.<br /><br />`Breakin' Dishes' may be the best track on the album, and like `Umbrella' the beat is so infectious that one cannot help but get lost in it.  Also, like `Umbrella', `Breakin' Dishes' is not strictly dancehall fun.  Sure, the song is tailor-made for the club, but I enjoy listening to this song in the car, at work, in my house; pretty much anytime it comes on I stop and enjoy.  `Shut Up and Drive' was one of the singles from the album that caught everyone's attention.  The rock-and-roll vibe to the song is a lot of fun and the lyrics are flirty and suggestive and a lot of fun to recite.  The song is just enjoyable, even if it is nothing short of pop fluff.<br /><br />`Hate That I Love You' is a nicely done ballad featuring Ne-Yo.  I like Ne-Yo sometimes, but his congested sounding voice can get on my nerves at times, and in my opinion Rihanna should have went with her real life leading man Chris Brown instead.  The song is a nice track, but it could have been better in my opinion.<br /><br />`Say It' is the first annoying track on the album.  I like the beat, which is bouncy and fun, but Rihanna gets on my nerves in this song.  It's just poorly constructed in my opinion.  I skip it.<br /><br />`Sell Me Candy' is kind of corny in parts but is ultimately engaging.  The whole bridge part saves the track, Rihanna's vocals caressing our eardrums beautifully.  It's a great club song (as you can tell, the album is littered with them) but it is also engaging enough to be listened to outside of the crowded dance floor.  `Rehab' is a nice club/ballad; Rihanna's vocals move softly against a beat that sounds lifted from Justin Timberlake's last album.  It's silky, and I like that.  It's an easy song to listen to, and it sounds fresh when placed alongside the albums heavier hitting balance.<br /><br />`Question Existence' is a strange track to say the least.  It was a nice effort, but ultimately I think it fails at what it sets out to do.  I carries a darker message when compared to the balance of the album, and the way Rihanna goes about it, the beat, the lyrics, the structure; it just doesn't quite work that well.  `Good Girl Gone Bad' is another deeper track in the vein of `Question Existence', and it fares better thanks to a more standard delivery; almost sounding soulfully folksy at times.  I don't particularly care for the track all too much, but it is not technically `bad'.<br /><br />The album picks up with `Lemme Get That', a island influenced track that thrives on hard hitting beats and Rihanna's sensual vocals.  Thankfully she embraced her background, bringing flare to this track that is not really seen on the rest of the album.  This is probably my favorite track here; for she brings the islands to the states with power, spunk and charisma.<br /><br />And then there are the three bonus tracks included on this version of the CD.  Of course we all know and love `Disturbia', or at least we all should.  It may not be as great as `Umbrella' but seriously, it's awesome.  `Take A Bow' is yet another attempt at the ballad, and Rihanna really should stay away from these (thankfully this album is club heavy as apposed to ballad heavy).  She doesn't have a very strong ballad voice, but her slinky accented voice is very comfortable with club hits.  Her duet with Maroon Five is a definite highlight, and she really seems right where she belongs.  Great choice; really.<br /><br />So, gimmick or not, Rihanna has the goods.  Yes, her songs don't broach any new territory (the majority are about relationships) but they are fun and fresh and enjoyable.  Her unique vocals are instantly recognizable, and it's nice to listen to someone who sounds like herself, and not a carbon copy of every other (superior) diva out there.Good Girl Gone Bad' is another deeper track in the vein of `Question Existence', and it fares better thanks to a more standard delivery; almost sounding soulfully folksy at times.  I don't particularly care for the track all too much, but it is not technically `bad'.    The album picks up with `Lemme Get That', a island influenced track that thrives on hard hitting beats and Rihanna's sensual vocals.  Thankfully she embraced her background, bringing flare to this track that is not really seen on the rest of the album.  This is probably my favorite track here; for she brings the islands to the states with power, spunk and charisma.      And then there are the three bonus tracks included on this version of the CD.  Of course we all know and love `Disturbia', or at least we all should.  It may not be as great as `Umbrella' but seriously, it's awesome.  `Take A Bow' is yet another attempt at the ballad, and Rihanna really should stay away from these (thankfully this album is club heavy as apposed to ballad heavy).  She doesn't have a very strong ballad voice, but her slinky accented voice is very comfortable with club hits.  Her duet with Maroon Five is a definite highlight, and she really seems right where she belongs.  Great choice; really.    So, gimmick or not, Rihanna has the goods.  Yes, her songs don't broach any new territory (the majority are about relationships) but they are fun and fresh and enjoyable.  Her unique vocals are instantly recognizable, and it's nice to listen to someone who sounds like herself, and not a carbon copy of every other (superior) diva out there.
B000V86OKG|5.0|I highly recommend this show. The dark humor accompanied by the compelling story lines have kept me and my friends hooked since episode one. The character of Dexter is also one of the strongest and freshest on TV.
0800177363|5.0|If ever I feel like I need a good cry (my wife is always saying I am such a girl, but I appreciate the need for emotional release) then this is one of the four or five films I readily reach for (the others being `The Elephant Man', `Million Dollar Baby', `Of Mice and Men' and the mediocre yet emotionally draining `I Am Sam').  If Ron Howard is the king of schmaltz then Penny Marshall is the queen, for she understands, like Howard, how to create a heavy-handed manipulative film feel natural and inviting.  This film slides down smooth as can be, despite the fact that each and every frame is designed to antagonize our emotions.<br /><br />`Awakenings' is based on the book written by neurologist Oliver Sacks.  The book is based on the true story of neurologist Malcolm Sayer who discovers that a drug called L-Dopa has the ability to release patients suffering from encephalitis (a sleeplike sickness), unlocking their minds and allowing them to interact with loved ones for the first time in years.  One such patient is Leonard Lowe, who has been suffering from encephalitis for thirty-some years.<br /><br />The film would have been less effective if acting giants Robert De Niro and Robin Williams hadn't been cast as the two leads.  Many have made claims that Williams was unfairly overlooked come awards season for his tamed and controlled portrayal of Malcolm Sayer, and while I loved him I have to agree with the Academy for choosing De Niro's heartbreaking performance over Williams'.  Williams and De Niro are perfect compliments, but De Niro is the more memorable revelation if you ask me.  As Lowe, De Niro is able to attach himself to our hearts, cycling through his newfound emotions as the drugs begin to work and he rediscovers everything he had feared he's lost.  This is such a marvelously constructed performance and De Niro, when you consider the competition, really should have walked away with that Oscar.<br /><br />The supporting cast is also at the top of their game; everyone from John Heard, Ruth Nelson and Penelope Ann Miller delivering memorable performances.<br /><br />The film is beautifully shot and directed, allowing the audience to really feel invested in all that is going on.  Marshall has a tight grip on the story and on our emotional response and she reins us in when needed and lets us loose when necessary.  The film has flow, a flow that compliments each scene marvelously.<br /><br />Be forewarned; while this film has its heartwarming and uplifting moments it is also tragically depressing and heartbreaking.  If you are not a crier, or do not like to cry then you may want to stay away from this movie; but if you appreciate a movie that can move you then this is a beautiful example of emotional purity at its finest.  The final frames may wreck you, but it may be just what the doctor ordered.  It's movies like this that validate our humanity, for if they didn't move us then it may be time to check our pulses.Ruth Nelson and Penelope Ann Miller delivering memorable performances.    The film is beautifully shot and directed, allowing the audience to really feel invested in all that is going on.  Marshall has a tight grip on the story and on our emotional response and she reins us in when needed and lets us loose when necessary.  The film has flow, a flow that compliments each scene marvelously.    Be forewarned; while this film has its heartwarming and uplifting moments it is also tragically depressing and heartbreaking.  If you are not a crier, or do not like to cry then you may want to stay away from this movie; but if you appreciate a movie that can move you then this is a beautiful example of emotional purity at its finest.  The final frames may wreck you, but it may be just what the doctor ordered.  It's movies like this that validate our humanity, for if they didn't move us then it may be time to check our pulses.
B000T9OP7G|5.0|Great purchase, love the bonus features.  Can't wait for the next season.  I must have for any Terminator fan.
B000N6TYLW|5.0|Ha sido un enorme placer poder conocer a traves de estas dos gandes mujeres mas de la cultura estadounidense... estoy enormemente complacido con Amy Sherman por darnos a toda esta gama de personajes...  Gracias por permitirnos ver una y otra vez a la familia Gilmore.
0375826726|4.0|Does a solid job of creating depth and breadth for the mythology of the Inheritance; good character development and growth, new plotlines are consistent with the past and show a path towards the finish.  You can't see exactly how he'll pay off all the storylines, but you don't feel like you'll be left hanging at the end.
B00005JNJV|1.0|BORING,IT'S ALREADY BEEN ON FOR AN HOUR AND NOTHINGS HAPPENED,I'VE HAD TO STOP EVERY 5 MINUTES BECAUSE I'VE BEEN SO BORED,THE ORIGINAL SERIES WAS SO LIGHT & FUN..THIS IS PAINFUL.
0307387178|4.0|it's been a couple of months i saw the movie 'into the wild'. at first, it has really touched me and i got fascinated with young irresponsible runway-from-everything-and-everyone chris macandless. as soon as i could i bought the book which i just finished. while reading it, i had the opportunity of learning the cruelty of a young mand who just woke up one day and found out that he simply didn't fitted into any place. albeit i'm still enchanted with 'alex', it should be remembered the suffering he imposed to his parents and, most of all, to his sister, who seemed to be the best proof alex could get of the very existence of all he tried to reach and to prove. who's right? maybe alaska.. but the story is great indeed.  andr g, Brazil
B001FBSMW6|1.0|I'm a HUGE Keane fan, but this CD is THE BIGGEST DISAPPOINTMENT I've ever got from a group....  Bad songs, bad arrangements, bad singing from Tom....WHY?  It is obvious that they did this CD because they want more money...  It has nothing to remind me the old Keane.  The only highlight on the CD, is the last song \\"Love is the end\\", which I thing is one of the best songs Keane ever written!!!!!!  It's 100% Keane.  The rest of the CD is a bad 80's pop band with very bad songs...  Tom Chaplin for me, is the best pop singer of the last 10 years, but on this CD he's singing with too much 80's vibrato.  Tim Rice-Oxley has completely changed his sound and he put guitars and bad synth sounds.  For me is one of the most innovative new pop keyboard players.  It's very sad that he did this..  I'm a musician, and I thought that Keane made a difference in pop music.  They compose \\"real\\" music, but now they're just another band with no personality.  I hope their next CD will be like the \\"old Keane\\".  I'm also disappointed that people rate this CD with 3 1/2 stars.  It's too much when the other 2 CD's of Keane are rated with 4 1/2 stars!!!!!  I give it 5 stars for \\"Love is the end\\" song, and 0 stars for the rest of the CD.    PLEASE DON'T DO IT AGAIN GUYS.....  YOU'RE TOO GOOD. YOU'RE THE BEST.  YOU DON'T NEED TO SOUND LIKE EVERYONE ELSE.  YOU'RE KEANE.
B00004Z459|3.0|well i thought it would be in a little bit nicer shape, some of the songs skip. but it was fast getting to me.
1592533868|5.0|This book definitely is the best quilling book I own or seen in stores.  The projects in the book range from simple to complex.  The workmanship is neat and exquisite, a great model to follow.  There are some techniques that I have not seen elsewhere that produce interesting effects.  The gallery of the author's work is wonderful and inspiring.  I hope she would publish a book on how to create those large, complex pieces of quilling artworks.  I'd like to try creating one of those heirloom-quality quilling artworks and proudly hang on my wall.  The \\"Art\\" of Paper Quilling is a very fitting title for the book.      Update:  The book has folded roses that are much prettier then roses in other books.  However, the directions on page 24 were not detailed enough for me to follow and produce a good looking rose like the ones in the book.  I emailed Claire asking for step-by-step instructions.  She replied with a video she recorded demonstrating the folded rose.  Absolutely wonderful!  Seeing it done once is a thousand times better then reading instructions on how it should be done.  After seeing the video, I was able to create folded roses just like the ones in the book.
B000CNESU8|4.0|The DVD was perfect, but the space that holds the DVD was broken. It didn't scratch it, but I can't put the disc back in the thing. A +++++ on the amount of time it took to get to me!
B001FB4W0W|5.0|I was instantly hooked from episode one. Anna Paquin as Sookie is sensational, Stephen Moyer as Vampire bill is totally hot. Their scenes together sizzle with chemistry. The whole cast is great. I've watched most of the other TV vampire shows and this one beats them all with intrigue, dark humor and sexy romance. Being on HBO gives the show license to be as edgy and steamy as anything I've seen. I haven't read the Charlaine Harris books the series is based on but I know Alan Ball is giving the show his lush and quirky perspective. I'm totally addicted and can't wait to see how each episode unfolds. Hopefully HBO will release the DVDs soon!
B0013D8LOU|5.0|When I watched Sweeney Todd for the first time I was afraid that I would hate it because of it being a musical but I was completely overwelmed by this magnificent film based on Stephen Sondheim's Broadway masterpiece and for fans of Broadway and Sondheim, it's hard to imagine getting a better adaptation than this. What suprised me even more was that I'm not even a fan of Burton's films. Here Johnny Depp and Tim Burton join forces again to bring this musical thriller alive and in the process Depp give one of his finest performances to date as the evil barber Sweeney Todd a wronged man whose lust for revenge drives him to murder.<br /><br />I was attracted to it's dark but beautiful story about the return of a barber who wants revenge upon someone, in fact this in my opinion is probaly Depp's best film and character he's ever done before. The gory throat cutting scenes were all suitable and made the movie even darker. The actors all managed to sing their parts beautifully and efficently which made the film even better. The special features are also very rich with detail and entertainment with rehearsals of the singing and also the making of the movie. Also the songs sung from Stephen Sondheim's Broadway masterpiece are very well done.<br /><br />The cast is perfect with Johnny Depp (one of his best roles to date) who plays Sweeney Todd the villianous barber with Helena Bohen Carter as the loveable Mrs Lovett, Alan Rickman as the evil Judge Turpin, Timothy Spall as Beadle and Sacha Baron Cohen (Borat) as a rival barber . All in all this is a classic in the movie industry which is defiantly is worth seeing!
0307269752|5.0|I bought this book after reading a review that it was the Europeon version of the Da Vinci Code this year. It is very well written and once you pick it up and get into the book it is very hard to put it down. I have bought it for several friends as presents and e mailed alot of my friends to buy it.  It is hard to find a good mystery novel with great characters and a really good story these days. If you really appreciate a good read, buy this book. You will be glad you did.
B0009QTS1M|5.0|In gladiator two of hollywood's best faces (Ridley Scott & Russell Crowe) join forces to deliver one of the most outstanding films of this century and took movie making to a whole new level. This 3 disc extended edition just made the movie a whole lot better too, with deleted scenes re edited and re cut just for this edition it's a must have for serious moviegoers. Here scenes that weren't fully explained in the original cut have been fixed with an extra 17 minutes of bonus footage.<br /><br />This film has plenty of intense fighting scenes with all the fights being fast, hard-hitting, uncensored, and very bloody, which is what they should've been like. And every single fight sequence is unique from the others. which will please most people, great characters like Crowe and Phoenix, authentic storytelling, believable special effects. This film also stands out in my mind as one of the most visual, image-driven action films I've ever seen. Thanks to Ridley Scott, practically every scene is jammed with wonderful detail and art direction. In conclusion this movie sure delivers on a wide range of aspects which have been explained.
1416594884|5.0|Afficiandos of the John le Carre spy novel come in at least three basic types.  There are many who savor a contemporary, stylish and intriguing plot with fully drawn (and inevitably fallible) characters.  There are those who simply appreciate good writing.  And then some who expect both.<br /><br />None will be disappointed by A Most Wanted Man.<br /><br />In this, his 21st novel, Le Carre returns to his roots: to a post-Cold War Germany and the internecine warfare of competing intelligence agencies (both domestic and international), balancing the conflicting consequences of illegal immigration, religion and the War on Terror.<br /><br />Le Carre's unique literary style - long, complex, descriptive word paintings (the antithesis of modern, crisp journalism and airport potboiler novels) - draws the reader in from the first page.  All his characters, whether principal players or bit parts, emerge fully rounded in all their capabilities and flaws.  Each is human, realistic and memorable.<br /><br />The plot is tantalizing.  Who is \\"this most wanted man\\"?  Whom are we to like?  Whom to trust?  Apparently innocent bystanders, struggling to survive in the new Europe and wanting to believe in their future, are drawn into the action and suffer collateral damage in a contest that is superficially about terrorism but in reality between competing, morally corrupt intelligence agencies - the cream of the espiocracy.<br /><br />Le Carre slowly, carefully unpeels his onion, layer by layer, to expose its inevitable, venal core.  However in his world of deceit, disillusion and bureaucratic testosterone there are ultimately no winners, no solutions, no happy endings.  Le Carre's world is not like that.
B00008WT5C|5.0|If you like any of the Bon Scott AC/DC, you need to get this CD. Worth every penny.
0439023483|5.0|From the first page, I was drawn into this story. I couldn't put it down, so thank goodness it wasn't too long or I would have missed out on a lot of sleep.  Suzanne Collins did an amazing job of telling the story through Katniss's eyes. It is not stop and full of energy. When I finally finished it, I was still up thinking about it for some time. I can't wait for book two to come out.  A must read for sure!
B000127LW2|5.0|I had given this show a 3 star review due to the somewhat high price, but my patience paid off and the price came down to a great $36.00, so I purchased it.
075640407X|4.0|I always read the negative reviews of books I liked. For one, I think people can be much more detailed about what they don't like than what they did. Second, I just want to know what made people dislike something I liked.<br /><br />There seems to be an overall theme amongst the negative reviews that Kvothe is unlikable--but most of these reviews contradict themselves. They don't like him because he's arrogant, but then also complain that he's too perfect to be realistic and has no flaws. I think Rothfuss's intentions were to make Kvothe's arrogance one of his biggest flaws. Imagine you caught on to many subjects in school very fast, were number one in your class and had a relatively quick wit. You'd probably be arrogant, too, as I know the smart, popular people in my high school were. And it's Kvothe's arrogance that constantly gets him into trouble.<br /><br />The theme of Rothfuss's book, to me, is the difference between the reality of a man's life and his actions, and the stories other men tell about him. That's why we begin with him in a quiet inn, then cut to local patrons telling wild tales. We are introduced to a character, The Chronicler, whose sole purpose in \\"life\\" is to find the truth about stories, to debunk myths and legends. But fantasy books *are* the stuff of myths and legends--dragons, fair maidens, faeries, wizards. So how do you tell the story of a renowned magical hero without the requisite exaggeration and outright lies? Without turning the hero into an unrealistic beacon of flawless unrelenting perfection? You tell both stories--the ones people want to believe, and the story that comes closest to the truth. And the truth is Kvothe is a rash, impulsive, sometimes selfish and very often stupidly arrogant man. These traits get him into endless trouble, which he sometimes weasels his way out of through his wit and talents.<br /><br />You are given Kvothe's many legendary titles (like Bloodless) and then learn the slightly less-than-mystical reason why he was given that quasi-true moniker. What's masterful about Rothfuss's work here, however, is that even when you tear down the myths about Kvothe and get to the \\"real\\" story, Kvothe still emerges a hero. If that is too unbelievable for you, if it's not realistic for a character to be truly heroic and truly talented and truly great despite his flaws, then you won't like this story. It's just not cynical enough for you.uasi-true moniker. What's masterful about Rothfuss's work here, however, is that even when you tear down the myths about Kvothe and get to the \\"real\\" story, Kvothe still emerges a hero. If that is too unbelievable for you, if it's not realistic for a character to be truly heroic and truly talented and truly great despite his flaws, then you won't like this story. It's just not cynical enough for you.
B00005JPSM|4.0|This is great fun.<br /><br />Where else would you find a main character that has a lot of baggage? Well... that is just about everywhere you look right...<br /><br />But where else would you find a main character who begins and her healing process with the death of a loved one and the hiring of a new chef?<br /><br />Makes for an interesting story...<br /><br />This is pretty good stuff. I don't think it will change anyone's paradigms about life but it makes for a good dinner time movie.<br /><br />I meant to give this 3 stars not 4 but I guess Amazon doesn't let you change that once you hit preview your review.(Or my browser is goofy)
B000FS9FCG|5.0|I'm sure this is some type of blasphemy but I have never heard nor do I care about the Graphic novel that this movie was based on...<br /><br />This has a Gatica, Fahrenheit 451, Aeon Flux, Ultraviolet, Appleseed (original not the new one though it is good too) kind of feel to it.<br /><br />This sort of distopian society built on the fictional beliefe that \\"everything is fine\\" is truly disturbing... but it isn't much different than America's economy, Social Security, or 401K plans that hold the promise of easy prosperity but have little else to offer... much like the distopian society of this film.<br /><br />So...<br />I carry this moving in my iPhone and have watched it many times during my travel time.<br /><br />I picked it up on iTunes for my phone, have it Tivo'd, and own the DVD... pretty extreme for sure. But you never know when you want to be reminded of the power of words...<br /><br />THIS MOVIE IS Friggin' awesome... \\"Agent Smith\\" (Hugo Weaving) from the matrix did another amazing acting job on this...<br /><br />More so than the matrix this film was moving and his acting was powerful and believable.<br /><br />This is a superb film and is a MUST own for any collector or enthusiast...<br /><br />Satisfying to the end... and climactic events in the movie are brilliantly foreshadowed, leaving you with a sense of cleverness when you watch the movie a second time!<br /><br />Seeing it will add a fond memory you will be happy to go to your grave with.<br /><br />(I don't plan on going to my grave very soon so I'll be happy to carry the memory of this movie for years to come.)<br /><br />Enjoy it ... story telling like this is one of the finer juices of life.<br /><br />If that doesn't sell you on this... Perhaps this will...<br /><br />Natalie Portman is bewilderingly smokin' hot in this film even with her head shaved wearing little more than a hospital gown she is absolutely stunning...<br /><br />In the beginning of the film she is very lovely... but carries her self in a manner that demonstrates a weak personality...<br /><br />But she undergoes a transformation that is both meaningful, demonstrates a different person completely and of course is CrAzY SeXy even with a shaved head...<br /><br />I hope you enjoy the movie, I did. And my wife did too.th meaningful, demonstrates a different person completely and of course is CrAzY SeXy even with a shaved head...    I hope you enjoy the movie, I did. And my wife did too.
B00133KFGW|4.0|The bad first...  The DVD has NO REAL extras... Added scenes are really it for additional content you may appreciate. (I don't count \\"Scene Selection\\" and \\"Language Options\\" as DVD Extras...) The DVD (not the movie) is why I gave this product 4 stars...    With that said... Here is the good.    There are 147 5 star ratings for this movie... and this movie is worth more IMHO. Here is my experience with this film.    Over a 2 week period:    My wife and I caught half of this on our Tivo.     Then we recorded it and watched two more times (on our Tivo).     Then we went and bought the DVD and watched it AGAIN, and each time we were reduced to blubbering tears of happiness... (Her not me... well I was a little choked up... but not as much as her.)    So the good in this movie demonstrates much of what is missing in our world today...    Faith, that things will be OK even when things look bleak.    Commitment, even when circumstances get in the way of being dedicated to an idea, dream, or a special person.    Serendipity, when many in our world feel like nothing good will happen to them. (Though they secretly hope it will.)    And Patience... something most of us just don't ever get to see on a daily basis...    This moving is truly deserving of the \\"Truly Moving Picture\\" award on the back of the DVD.    Filled with a stylized fantasy feel and satisfying wonderful this is worth your hard earned dollars.     Enjoy it...
B001DELWZY|5.0|In Gheorghiu's 1994 performance of La Traviata from Covent Garden (also on DVD), her singing of Violetta is fresh and captivating but you're aware that she's concentrating on the music (which is not a criticism). In this 2007 La Scala production, thirteen years more mature as a performer, she just lets loose while at the same time achieving extraordinary precision in her phrasing and in her interpretation of the role. Her performance can only be described as a \\"tour de force.\\" She performs the role as if she owns it. I've never seen \\"E strano\\" and \\"Sempre libera\\" sung with such unbridled confidence. The expression on her face during the curtain call to Act I tells us she knows she nailed it. Immodest, she is not (as another reviewer pointed out).<br /><br />But don't let that put you off because onstage, where it matters, Gheorghiu gives one of the most dominating opera performances I've seen. Every note is sung with clear intention. Her one minute \\"aria,\\" the cry \\"Amami, Alfredo,\\" accompanied by fiery orchestration, dominated by the timpani (which reappears with heartrending effect in the final bars of the opera), is worth the price of the DVD alone. It's a powerful and heartbreaking moment.<br /><br />As if Gheorghiu's performance were not enough to recommend this production, I think it offers the best threesome available in Traviata on DVD. As Alfredo, Ramon Vargas may not be as expressive an actor as, for example, Rolando Villazon, but Vargas creates a touching and vulnerable Alfredo and possesses a wonderfully rich and full voice. The word \\"burnished\\" is  more often used to describe a baritone, but it applies to Vargas' tenor voice. Just listen to his Act III duet with Gheorghiu, \\"Parigi, o cara,\\" and you'll hear that exceptional quality to which I refer.  He is far superior to Frank Lopardo who is on Gheorghiu's 1994 Traviata. Lopardo is so wooden onstage that he's not believable as her lover.<br /><br />Roberto Frontali is the best Germont I've seen on DVD. Germont is often played by baritones who are too young to be Alfredo's father. These otherwise fine performers appear stiff and uncomfortable in a role that requires them to play a much older man (Dmitri Hvorostovsky and Thomas Hampson come to mind, the former in the La Fenice Traviata featuring Patrizia Ciofi and the latter in the Salzburg production featuring Anna Netrebko). But Frontali is perfect for the role. His rich bass-baritone voice just rings out in \\"Di Provenza.\\" It contrasts beautifully with Gheorghiu's soprano; their duet in Act II is one of the highlights of the production.<br /><br />As always, the La Scala chorus is precise in its execution and beautiful in sound. It excels on all the La Scala DVD's I own. The concertato finale to Act II, with Gheorghiu's voice soaring above the chorus, is riveting.<br /><br />I guess the thrust of this review is clear: if you're an Angela Gheorghiu fan, this production is not to be missed. Add to that the stellar performances by Vargas, Frontali, the chorus, the orchestra under the baton of Lorin Maazel, and this is the best La Traviata currently available on DVD.by baritones who are too young to be Alfredo's father. These otherwise fine performers appear stiff and uncomfortable in a role that requires them to play a much older man (Dmitri Hvorostovsky and Thomas Hampson come to mind, the former in the La Fenice Traviata featuring Patrizia Ciofi and the latter in the Salzburg production featuring Anna Netrebko). But Frontali is perfect for the role. His rich bass-baritone voice just rings out in \\"Di Provenza.\\" It contrasts beautifully with Gheorghiu's soprano; their duet in Act II is one of the highlights of the production.    As always, the La Scala chorus is precise in its execution and beautiful in sound. It excels on all the La Scala DVD's I own. The concertato finale to Act II, with Gheorghiu's voice soaring above the chorus, is riveting.    I guess the thrust of this review is clear: if you're an Angela Gheorghiu fan, this production is not to be missed. Add to that the stellar performances by Vargas, Frontali, the chorus, the orchestra under the baton of Lorin Maazel, and this is the best La Traviata currently available on DVD.
B001F2W4Y2|4.0|After 8 years, AC/DC has delivered again! Great songs, great riffs and great solos by Mr.Angus and Mr.Malcolm. Rock n Roll Train is the highlight of the album; Excellent slide guitar on Stormy May Day by Angus.  Brian still has his voice, while Cliff and Phil are as steady as they come. As good as this album is, they will never match the greatness achieved on Back in Black, For those..., and Flick...
0800177975|4.0|It is neither your typical movie, nor Arnold's typical movie. It is silly, but pack with continuous action and comedy. So tune-up your expectations for a brainless, silly, and funny action-adventure film, and you can actually enjoy this one.
B00005JOHC|5.0|Got to be the funniest show I have ever seen.  A must have on DVD.
0439023483|5.0|Hunger Games was an amazing book, i read it because Stephenie Meyer recomended it, and it didnt dissapoint. The book starts off a little slow, but 50 pages in, you're hooked. I'm so excited for the next book in the series, Catching Fire, i think it will be released next September.
0765316897|5.0|I must admit that after reading Mistborn, I assumed that there was nowhere for the series to go but down.  Generally, when the first in a series is that good, the future installments many times are a bit of a disappointment.    I liked the Well of Ascension although it was a bit slower paced than Mistborn.  Because of this, I was not sure what to expect with The Hero of Ages.  I was hoping that the series was heading somewhere, as all too often, authors will keep introducing ridiculous premises to keep the books coming.    All that being said, I have to admit that I absolutely loved this book.  As other reviewers have said, everything fits together, and everything has been leading up to this.  I honestly was hooked from the very first chapter and could not put it down.  Although some may complain about the ending, I think it was perfect (and a little surprising to me at least).    Brandon Sanderson is without a doubt one of my favorite authors, and I can't wait to see what comes next (after the Wheel of Time book which I will not read since I gave up on that series years ago).    If you liked the first 2, get it now!  If you haven't read them, what are you waiting for?
B000MCH5P4|4.0|The biggest surprise for me is that Brad Pitt gave such an excellent performance, I am not one of his fans and find his acting rather flat, but in this one he comes alive and really shines. The story is an excellent self-examination of just how ignorant most of us are about the other.
B001BKG9SK|5.0|This is a must for every Floyd fan. A perfect example of just how great Gilmour still is. We can only hope to see him live again even if it is a small tour next year. A fitting tribute to Rick Wright, he will be missed.
B00005JMK0|5.0|PLEASE PLEASE put this little gem on DVD!  I'm 53 years old and want my daughter and grandson to be able to enjoy it! I first saw it on cable tv back in the 80's and have never forgotten it. Poor \\"Moles\\"....even in this cyber age I end up with problems like that. When I see all the junk that comes out on DVD I have to believe that SURELY someone will decide to revive an unforgettable movie.
B001I0Z43Y|3.0|I'm giving this a 3 because of it's potential.  I purchased 1 inserted an 8gb Sandisk MicroSDHC in slot 1, everything worked great for about an hour in my PSP.  Then it stopped working. Slot 2 would not accept a card at all due to a bad pin inside the adaptor.    I am going to RMA (hopefully they'll exchange it) mine, and will report back.    The construction is fairly poor due to the fact that this thing has to be fairly thin to accept the MicroSDHC, I guess.  If someone else has another Memory Stick DUO Pro to MicroSDHC that's not a photofast it would be nice to compare the construction.  I would not plan on changing the MicroSDHC cards after their initial insertion.
006135323X|3.0|The premise is interesting, but the writing style didn't capture my interest. A lot of repetition. Yielded some useful insight. Overall, worth reading, even in a cursory manner.
031606792X|5.0|love love loved it. sad there isnt another book in the series...yet. hoping for the completion and release of midnight sun.
0743297334|4.0|This is a book that unforgettably captures the essence of romance.  Developed while sitting in the bistros and watching as the world in all its colors flowed by  His stories are filled with the kinds of people you usually meets only in novels.  He uses honesty such advantage here. This is a portrait of an artist in full possession of his creative powers, full of the spirit,that made him a legend in his own time, and also ruined him as an artist and as a human being.
6305609713|5.0|Apocalypse Now is a masterpiece that every civilized person must see.  In that respect it is just like Citizen Kane, Taxi Drive, Chinatown and Casablanca.  There are scenes from the movie, and phrases spoken in the movie, that have entered our popular language.  If you do not know (i) \\"I love the smell of napalm in the morning\\"; (ii) how to hum the first few bars of The Ride Of The Valkyrie; and (iii) \\"the horror, the horror,\\" then you are not a member of our civilized society (plus you'll fail at any game of Trivial Pursuit).  This is a move that must be seen again after a few years as it grows better with time, like a fine madeira.
B0002KQNZO|5.0|In just one month tenorist Wayne Shorter participated in two classic Blue Note sessions, Lee Morgan's \\"Search for the New Land\\", and this ringer, Blakey's \\"Free for All\\", after one more session with this renowned group (\\"Indestructible\\"), Shorter left the group to join Miles Davis. But what a group.  Perhaps Blakey's best group since the Hank Mobley/Donald Byrd days, this album is perhaps their best.  Hubbard, in particularly, comes out as an arranger of note with his version of Claire Fischer's \\"Pensativa\\" and composer (The Core) plus Wayne contributes the fiery title tune and an hard hitting blues (Hammerhead).  All hands were on fire at Rudy Van Gelder's that day and the feeling is that of a group captured live!!
0761925538|5.0|Both books that I have received that are written by Robert Yin helped me immensely in re-writing my methods section in my dissertation.  Since I was new to case study research and this section was the major flaw in my dissertation, it helped me complete an intelligible and methodologically correct research design and methods section.  Excellent compliment to all of the case study research books by Robert Yin.
B000244EMO|5.0|This movie is a rare gem in the industry. Arnold Schwarzenegger leads an elite group of U.S. commandos into the deadly jungles of South America to find and rescue a group of government officials who've been kidnapped by terrorists. But soon another enemy comes on sceen, slaying Arnie's men one by one. The detail too on the Predator is outstanding for a movie that is 21 years old with great special effects especially the camoflauge scenes and camera work.<br /><br />Another great title to add you collection if you enjoy Arnold's movies. If you are looking for a good scare then this is the movie to get. This film is now available on a collector's edition if a wide range of special features including rare deleted scenes, never-before-seen outtakes and 7 beautifully detailed behind-the-scenes featurettes which covers just over 5 hours.<br /><br />And like most reviewers here, I highly recommend this for it's a rare gem, it's a classic compared to the science fiction/horror flicks around now. Definitely a collector's item and on DVD it's going to be a classic forever. I highly recommend this one. Pure entertainment for everyone.
B000005GW2|5.0|Not much to say, these songs, sometimes reedited by Chet himself, is ointment for the soul.  Ok. I am a bit sentimental, but it sometimes even yerk tears to my eyes, The fragile sound of his voice is just wat affects me.  Ok, standard songs, but so unstandard performed.  Happy, I found this CD.
B00012FXAE|5.0|Rarely do you come across sequels that surpass the original by a very long shot and this one does just that. James Cameron easily brings probably his best movie of his career to the screen while making the franchise a world wide million dollar hit. This comes with great action sequences, nerve wrecking tension and special effects with fantastic performances by Sigourney Weaver, Michael Biehn and Bill Paxton as well as boasting a lot more action than the original Alien which is still a fantastic movie.<br /><br />The extras are pretty indepth including Cameron's original story treatment and every from pre to post production footage and information.  Also you have the choice of choosing the original theatrical version or the new extended version. The theatrical version gives you the 1986 classic original and is great fun. But the extended is far more entertaining with making a difference of about 17 minutes with more story and character design and of course more action. This is great and the added are mostly for good reason, but occasionally it is unnecessary and may slightly damage the suspense. However both of the version are brillantly executed.<br /><br />This is by far the best out of the series followed by the original and also helped Sigourney Weaver walk away with an oscar nomination from a movie that will be a classic forever. However this is where you stop in the quadrilogy because three and four are ruined by poor storytelling and stupidity.
B000P12LWY|4.0|I started watching this on television, at the second last episode, thinking it was going to be terrible. This King Henry is not a red-head, not bearded and not middle aged. I did not expect 'fat', because he was still athletic when he started wooing Anne, but the real King Henry was nearing forty.<br /><br />I was very impressed.<br /><br /> \\"Henry's\\" acting was somewhat off the wall. The true Bluff King Hal was not angry or petulant all the time. In the next season, the acting is calmer and therefore more menacing - more of the intelligent, respected and feared monarch Henry VIII was.<br /><br /> The others (More, Wolsey, Brandon, Anne, Catherine): very well done.  The complexities of character: very well shown by script and actors (such as the conflict between Thomas More, the humane man, versus Thomas More, the smiter of heritics)<br /><br />The historical parts are skewed.  They are wrong in some facts and many details, and yet right in spirit.  Such as the part where Wolsey killed himself.  That's not historical ... yet it's plausible that he did, and his suicide was covered up.  The wildness, the menace, is there.<br /><br />Well worth buying.
B000E97Y6K|5.0|First of all I want to say is that King Kong is visually stunning through out the whole movie, from the 1920s New York to Skull Island and to the monsters on the island and especially Kong who looks stunning on the screen. One question that bothers me is that how the Academy Award Winner Peter Jackson came up with this brillant movie and managed to finnish it I don't know.<br /><br />Yes, there have been previous King Kong movies but this one is pure movie greatness and delivers where the others have failed. But where they fail is where Peter Jackson's take shines. There is an actual relationship between Kong and Ann, we actually understand why Ann cares so much for him. While Kong would try to impress her with roars and beating his chest, Ann would perform her vaudeville antics (to Kong's.. and ultimately the audience's delight). It is their shared moments of joy that solidify an unusual bond of friendship between Ann and Kong. Ann perhaps realizes that she is Kong's only friend, and hence his entire world.<br /><br />The cast was superb, with Jack Black (probably his only serious role ever) as Carl, Adrien Brody and the beautiful Nioami Watts, followed by an excellent supporting cast which delivered by making the movie believable.<br /><br />King Kong in my opinion is one the most beautiful movies ever made, where Jackson takes you to another world and puts you on a sometimes frightning adventure that is also heart warming at the same time. This shows just how great Peter Jackson is at being a director.
B0007Y89ZM|5.0|I've been watching & listening to The Eagles for more years than I'll mention. This is a great album! I've watched it many times, and just bought a copy for my son in Austin, who's really into music. He'll love it!
B0015DYIH2|5.0|There are books that are good.  This is the one that I did not want to put down until I was done with it.  It is full of emotions and actions.  I could not help but feeling all of the sadness and joy with the characters in the book.  This is a book worth reading again.
B000000H48|5.0|Looking over my past reviews I was surprised to see that I wrote reviews of all King Diamond albums but this one.  What the hell?<br />Well, with Halloween right around the corner, everyone should dig out their King Diamond albums for a spin or two(and if you don't own at least one King Diamond album, you'd best get with the friggin' program!).  As you may or may not know, Conspiracy is a sequel to the previous album, \\"Them\\".  The main character, \\"King\\" is still haunted(literally) by his dead sister and has been released from the booby hatch.  But the ghosts of Grandma, Missy and \\"Them\\" aren't about to leave him be and before you know it, he's back at the old house where he makes a bargain with \\"Them\\".  Throw in King's therapist, Dr. Landau and King's mother and you have.....a Conspiracy!  The story tones down the supernatural elements just a tad and focuses a bit more on the psychological angle.<br />The mistake I see made when people review an album that's a sequel to a previous album, is that they inevitably compare the sequel to it's predecessor in terms of it's quality.  This has happened with Abigail 2, Operation: Mindcrime 2 and Keeper Of The Seven Keys The Legacy to name a few.  That's kinda silly, coz a sequel in terms of story should really have no bearing on the music.  It's a totally different album altogether.<br />But in the case of Conspiracy, it makes a perfect companion to \\"Them\\".  It has a similar sound and most folks agree that it is just as good if not better than \\"Them\\".  King was definitely on a roll for a few years here.  Great catchy and heavy metal with a few prog touches here and there.  And of course, King's love em or hate em Scrotum-Caught-In-A-Paper-Shredder vocals.<br />If you dig horror stories, buy it with \\"Them\\".  But make no mistake, the album works 100% fine on it's own.
B001E780W8|3.0|Slipknot is a great band with great tone, but the new knot is (obviously) slipping compared with their earlier work.
0380730405|3.0|\\"Rebecca\\" has been on my to read list for years-literally. There was always something to get to first but recently I was in need of something absorbing and after I had read the first few pages it was apparent the lulling/draw you in writing style of Daphne Du Maurier fit the bill.<br /><br />To be honest I have no clue how to review a classic novel that has been reviewer countless times before my people much more qualified than I. So I'll be brief and base this on personal tastes only. I did enjoy this book but I have to say that all the hype about the incredible suspense of the novel seems a little unwarranted. To tell the truth I feel like I read another book altogether then what everyone else described. Especially when the ending of the novel is factored in.<br /><br />I loved the writing style, the language the author used and the descriptions. But I just didn't get the plot and to be honest I feel a little stupid about it. Does anyone want to explain it to me?<br /><br />Three stars. But because I did like the over all writing maybe I'll try another of Du Maurier's books.
B000YAA68W|4.0|I had not seen a real good animated movie in a long time. This fit  the bill even in its black an white form. This story of a Muslim woman living through a revolution and culture shock would be of great interest to a progressive open minded woman. It has many laughs as well. A perfect movie for the times. I don't think religious traditionalists would approve but a piece of work worth the scrutiny and dollar.
B001BPJJ9G|5.0|I saw this movie the theatre and loved it. It is a modern fairytale that explores some difficult and serious themes but never loses its sweetness. Visually, it is beautiful, with lush colors and sweeping panoramic camerawork. It was shot on location in over 20 countries over the course of four years.
B000FC10MU|4.0|the story is rich with several layers. It touches the senses like the increasing smell from the walking dead woman wko loses her job because of complaints. drags a little at the end when the stories are all wrapping up.
B00003CWRX|5.0|Watch this film for Russel Crowe's amazing transformation in to Jeffrey Wigand, a scientist and family man tortured with the knowledge that he helped cover up evidence of the disasterous health effects of cigarettes for the tobacco industry. It took me a good 10 minutes to realize that the man on the screen was indeed Crowe - he inhabited his character that well.<br /><br />Also watch this film because it is a rare Pacino role of the last 10 years where he wasn't just playing himself. The scenes with Pacino and Crowe make you feel that you are watching two real people trying to expose a massive coverup while protecting what they hold dear, and not just two big name Hollywood stars.<br /><br />The film does run pretty long, but you will be rewarded by two great performances with a number of excellent cameos. Not to mention the evocative imagery and mood created by Michael Mann.
B000ATQYT2|5.0|100 Snazzes on the 100 point Snazz-o-Scale. Perfection!    Please note this is my review on the movie itself, not any of it's Home Video Releases. I see there is much disappointment about the DVDs. I have it on good old VHS, which still works and still has \\"Love is Gone.\\"    A Muppet Christmas Carol is a superb adaption of the Dicken's Classic. Michael Caine plays Ebenezer Scrooge. There are a few other humans, particularly Scrooge's nephew Fred, but almost all the other cast are played by Muppets. Kermit the Frog plays the ever suffering Cratchit, Miss Piggy is his loving wife. In a stroke of genius, though it's a small part, Fozzie the Bear plays Scrooge's old employer Fozziwig, who runs a Rubber Chicken Factory. Statler and Waldorf are Scrooge's deceased business partners, the Marleys. Sam the Eagle, Professor Bunsen Honeydew, Beaker, Animal, and many others make appearances. The Ghosts are played by original Muppets. Past is a small child-like creature, glowing with his hair and gowns billowing in an unseen wind. Future is a huge dark shrouded creature with no face and long arms. The Ghost of Christmas Present is a wonderfully fun giant, who can change size at will, ages as Christmas passes, and in a very unique turn is absent minded because he is so consumed with the \\"Now\\" of Christmas.     \\"So this is Bob Cratchit's house?\\" Scrooge asks.  \\"Who told you that?\\" the Ghost of Christmas Present asks in astonishment.  \\"You just did,\\" Scrooge replies.  \\"Hm! Well I'm usually reliable!\\"    But the best part of all is Gonzo the Great plays Charles Dickens himself. Rizzo the Rat accompanies him, mostly for the food. But as Dickens, Gonzo quotes the book almost word for word at times and acts as an omniscient narrator. I know of no other Christmas Carol that features Dickens himself in it, even if he is furry and purple, and this a superb development.   -The music is great and the songs are a lot of fun. The songs are better and more enjoyable than Mister Magoo's Christmas Carol and catchier than Scrooge, the big budget version. The special effects are astonishing. When the Ghost of Christmas Yet To Come takes Scrooge into the future, the scene swirls into a tunnel and London forms around the two - a phenomenal effect. And when you think about it, almost every scene is a special effect, because there are Muppeteers operating the Muppets, or perhaps visuals or robotics. Add to that rain, snow, live animals such as a horse or a chicken, and it must have been an incredible undertaking.   -London itself looks astonishing; snow covered houses, street lamps, bricked pavement, activity everywhere, the buildings themselves are all stylized with hardly a straight line among them.  -Children will love the Muppets, songs, and humor. Adults will love the Muppets, songs, and humor as well! And everyone will love the great Christmas sentiments.    \\"Nice story, Mister Dickens,\\" Rizzo the Rat says at the end.  \\"Thanks\\" Gonzo replies. \\"If you like that, you should try the book.\\"   -A superb sentiment.
1603420398|3.0|Colors are attractive, but you can find just about the same motifs online or in crochet reference books. Save your money and buy the 201 Crochet Motifs book- it's more original.
B0004Z33EG|4.0|Vietnam vet John Rambo (Sylvester Stallone) runs afoul of the local constabulary while passing through a small town in Washington state.  Abused by a sadistic police officer (Jack Starrett), he becomes a fugitive, ultimately going on the offensive when Sheriff Will Teasle (Brian Dennehy) simply refuses to \\"let it go.\\"    The film starts out great but becomes a bit too routine toward the end, which features explosions galore.  Stallone's physical presence lends great authority to his role, and an impassioned monologue in the film's final moments ends the movie on a powerful note.  The gorgeous landscape of the Pacific Northwest provided an excellent setting for the action and was a major reason for my appreciation of this film.
006074815X|5.0|\\"Eye of the Needle\\" is the novel that got me hooked on the suspense genre.  This World War II thriller set in London and then a remote island off the coast of Great Britain is rich with spy lore, intrigue, fact-based characters, and features some of the most sizzling scenes ever depicted in a spy novel, as well as one of the most memorable grand finales ever to grace the pages of a thriller.<br /><br />This was Follett at his very best, and is well worth reading or rereading.
B000067J1H|3.0|An anonymous worker in an automobile company (Edward Norton), thoroughly stricken by ennui over his faceless consumer identity, rebels against society when he falls under the influence of the charismatic and subversive Tyler Durden (Brad Pitt).  Soon, the two are forming \\"fight clubs,\\" where men beat each other senseless, and spearheading an anarchistic guerilla group.    This film has a great first act and shows signs of becoming a first-rate indictment of our commercial culture (never mind the irony that it comes in the form of a big Hollywood movie).  Unfortunately, it derails about the time that Tyler Durden comes on stage.  From this point, it becomes progressively sillier, and what strikes many appreciative viewers as a primal cry of rage against conformity seems to me more like a temper tantrum with powerful explosives.  It fails to deliver a coherent message, but the high caliber of the cast and the skill of director David Fincher keep things watchable.
B0019CSXAM|5.0|What can I say, HIMYM yet again pulls out another great season.  They just keep getting better.  Barney funny as always.  Love the new character by Sarah Chalke.  She did a great job.  Britney was also funny.  Buy this season if you want some good laughs.
B00127RAJY|3.0|wow...I got this DVD yesterday & I barely made it through level 1. I am an avid walker & have lost a lot of weight but this dvd was KILLER. I could hardly move when I woke up this morning. I know I have to wait about 3 days before I attempt it again. I know it will work but its real tough.
B00104JONO|5.0|I am also an adult who went to see the midnight viewing of the movie.  I'm addicted, what can I say.  I thought that the movie was incredible and the music is maturing as the stars become older. You will get goosebumps when you hear how they end it with a slow mature edition of \\"We're All In This Together\\", and \\"High School Musical\\".  Though I'm excited about the HSM4 it will never be the same!
1878424777|5.0|I read the book first but am of the opinion that the CD version really made the material come to life and was easy to listen to in the car.
B001DELX08|5.0|A technical note. The on-screen menu lacks the customary \\"setup\\" choice that makes it easy to select subtitles and audio choices. However, if you start the opera, the subtitle and audio menus, including DTS HD, can be reached from the remote control of the blu-ray player.    The three leads Gheorghiu, Vargas, and Frontali give brilliant performances and 1080p combined with DTS HD gives the viewer a near-perfect sense of seeing the real opera from the best seat in the house.
0143143492|5.0|I tried reading the book but found it difficult to maintain my attention since the material is so dense.  However, the CDs are excellent and helped me understand better what the author was trying to convey.  I highly recommend it.
B000002JOF|5.0|I'd heard the title track, The Road to Hell, on the radio, but for some reason never picked up this CD until recently. This is a great 80s blues-rock concept album. I'm surprised I never heard any of the other tracks on the air, especially That's What They Always Say.<br /><br />Highly recommended - add this to your collection.
B001FBSMW6|4.0|Ok, forget about the Keane you used to know, only a handful of songs on this album sound like \\"the old Keane\\". But do you really hope to get \\"Hope and Fears\\" every time you buy a new Keane album?! Kudos to them for being bold and for making an album finally quite different from the previous ones (nothing wrong with the previous ones, but they're the past). And they did much better than their \\"cousins\\" Coldplay, who did the same thing (radically different, new sound with \\"Viva La Vida\\"), which in my opinion was a total failure for them (even though everybody seems to love it, but even if Coldplay would start to sing Hannah Montana songs the world would still think they're geniuses, go figure...). Excellent production, A-.
B000ZM1FXO|3.0|I didn't think to see the rating for this movie because I didn't think there was an R-Rated version.  I know this movie had to be made for everyone to be able to watch it, but having this rating brings the movie down.  I watched the unrated version and it had scenes in there that will make you cringe.  If you take away all of the evil that Caligula wrought, then you don't have the full essence of the film.  If you are going to watch this watch the original version.  A warning though, I thought it was almost a porno inside the first 5 minutes.  Really not suitable for anyone less than 18.
B001BKG9SK|1.0|David Gilmore and everything he does is superb.  I have been a Pink Floyd fan since 1973 and one of the first to buy, \\"Dark Side of the Moon\\"  I have nearly all of the Pink Floyd works both in CD's and DVD's, many, if not most have been purchased through Amazon over the years. I have provided other reviews on Pink Floyd and David Gilmore on this website, all of which are highly positive.  I believe this group was beyond their time, always have been, and always will be.  We were terribly moved by the passing of Richard Wright on keyboard and he will be dearly missed.  We pray for his family and may he rest in peace.  We thank you Rick for all of your valued contributions to Pink Floyd over the years and you will be truly missed.
0375826726|4.0|I absolutely loved reading this book. It quickly picked up from the second book and pushed on explaining a great deal more into Eragon's past. This is a great book to let your imagination run absolutely wild. I'm very glad the writer gave very distinct detail, but left enough for a reader's imagination. You MUST start with Eragon and Eldest before reading Brisingr because the story is a little hard to follow otherwise.     The only quarrel I had with this book and the second, is the scattered account of other characters happenings. The writer switched from Roran to Eragon, and a mess of other situations happening in the same timeline. It was nice to follow what other characters were doing, but at times, it did get a bit confusing.     Otherwise, I'm looking very forward to book Four!
1596912863|4.0|I usually don't read any of the Jane Austen inspired books but this one caught my eye in my local library.  Jane Hayes has been living with a secret for most of her life and through a gift from her great aunt gets the chance to live for several weeks the life of an Austen character.  Getting used to wearing corsets and empire dresses takes some getting used to but she manages it well.  The men, on the other hand, are a little more difficult to fathom and Jane finds herself divided between the pretend Austenland and the real world of today.  As well as the two men claiming her affections.  The ending is funny and so worth this written equalivent of a lazy afternoon spent in the warm sunlight of a time long ago.
B001DDBCUU|5.0|This movie is awesome, even if you dont think you like Sarah Jessica Parker and her gals. You will cry and you will laugh so hard that you are crying! Fab glamourous and Fun!!
0760748683|5.0|Since reading this several decades ago, it has been my first favorite book.  Only Shogun by James Clavill has been read as much as this volume!  I keep it close in my messanger bag for when I need my monthly fix of regency romance and forwright characters.
1569242739|5.0|I love this book! Have so far made peanut butter cupcakes, black forest cupcakes and oreo cookie cupcakes and all of them have been winners ! My husband ate 8 cakes in one night so they must be good. A batch of cakes never lasts longer than a day in my house. Great book, great cakes and no yucky animal fats anywhere in sight......divine! Grab the book as fast as you can and watch people fall over to be your friend!
B000UR9QHQ|5.0|This is a great Blu Ray disc from Anchor Bay,it's shaper than the Divimax release a few years back,and that one looked darn good,but this one is even better, Halloween like you never heard or seen it!!!,a great early Blu title from Anchor Bay,also recommended are Blu's of Dawn Of The Dead(it's the thearical cut),Day Of The Dead,and Evil Dead II.all these Blu's are great,I have em' all,and each one has great choice extras as well,lets hope that Anchor Bay releases other quality Blu's in the near future!!! \\"Recommendead\\"(Ha Ha!)!!! A+
B00003CXPD|5.0|Saw it tonight on TV.  Hollywood, inspite of all it's wealth and technology could never make a movie as full of life and beauty as this.  Definitely on my favorites list.
B000IVW25M|5.0|I bought this movie for my little granddaughter, she loves it.  I love buying things from Amazon, they are so affordable and easy to order from.  I will use them again and again.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|This album rocks!!!! Just about every song is great. This album makes up for all the crap that Metallica has put out for the last few years!
B00192KCQ0|5.0|It's really a great album, inspiring as well as revigorating... it's full of energy, concentrating quintessential streams of metallica works until now. There are memorable riffs that for sure will reverberate many years from now.
B001DMJ9R4|5.0|First live show I've ever seen of them (seen some youtube clips before), cause it's hard to get tickets for them in San Diego.  But this dvd is pretty impressive.  From the Organs in Critical Acclaim to them all singing in sync on Afterlife, to the video and strippers on Scream, to the older songs from Fallen and Evil, to the ending encore with confetti falling in the background, this is definitely worth the money.  They just have a different feel than a lot of bands live,  They seem more real, have a lot of fun and perform like it's not a big deal.  Not sure if this was a smaller venue or if it was the editing, but the dvd has the feel of your own personal concert.  And Crossroads on the cd is a sick track worth the money for that single alone.
B0000024LN|5.0|Muddy Waters and Whut belong on everyone's top 30 and the Doc belongs on everyone's top 10
B001CU1RRW|5.0|Several of Legacy's two-disc Essential releases have been upgraded with a third-disc and plastic-free eco-friendly packaging. In Bruce Springsteen's case, the original 2003 Essential set already included a third disc of rarities, and all three discs are reproduced here verbatim. The only difference with this 3.0 reissue appears to be the new quad-fold cardboard case. That said, Springsteen's Essential -- 1.0 or 3.0 -- is an effective overview of a career that couldn't be summarized to everyone's satisfaction in only three discs. Disc one samples tracks from 1973's Greetings From Asbury Park, N.J. through 1982's Nebraska, disc two samples from 1984's chart-topping Born in the U.S.A. through 2002's The Rising, and disc three provides odds `n' sods from throughout Springsteen's career, many officially unreleased anywhere else. The collection highlights seminal works with the E Street Band, solo recordings, hit singles, live tracks and soundtrack contributions, providing an overview that's musically inviting to Springsteen neophytes and debate-inducing to long-time fans. What's missing easily compares to what's here, but such is life with a compilation; there's not enough room to capture everyone's favorites, and Essential's producers haven't tried.<br /><br />By sampling in chronological order from Springsteen's releases, the first two discs compact twenty years into two hours, flashing through two decades of artistic development. The set opens with Springsteen's love of wordplay in full bloom, stuffing immense wads of vocabulary into the rhymes of \\"Blinded by the Light,\\" \\"For You\\" and \\"Spirit in the Night.\\" His poetry turns to romantic imagery on \\"4th of July, Asbury Park (Sandy),\\" and the E Street band's epochal sound finally comes to the fore on \\"Rosalita (Come Out Tonight),\\" \\"Thunder Road,\\" \\"Born to Run,\\" and \\"Badlands,\\" with Clarence Clemons' husky sax swelling alongside the band's propulsive rhythms. Springsteen's urban landscapes of last-chance lovers and desperate adolescents are cinematic in form and epic in length stretching well past the two-minutes-thirty of AM radio hits. Starting with 1978's Darkness on the Edge of Town the selections develop a sense of Springsteen's introspection and social conscious, including the class distinctions of \\"Badlands\\" and \\"Darkness on the Edge of Town,\\" the restless wandering and despair of \\"The Promised Land,\\" and the hard-scrabble fatalism of \\"The River.\\" Even The River's hit single, \\"Hungry Heart,\\" with the Turtles' Mark Volman and Howard Kaylan providing sunny harmony vocals, is based on themes of dissatisfaction and leaving. The darkness turned absolutely bleak on Nebraska's 4-track demos, with the title track's first-person rendering of spree killer Charles Starkweather, and the fatalistic crime and corruption of the grim, pre-makeover \\"Atlantic City.\\"<br /><br />Disc two opens with the similarly dark title track to Born in the U.S.A., but pumped up with a pounding, radio-ready rock arrangement. Like many of Springsteen's upbeat works, the lyrics are at odds with the music's anthemic qualities. Max Weinberg's drumming pounds out oversized studio beats for the nostalgic \\"Glory Days\\" and the synthesizer riffed \\"Dancing in the Dark.\\" Three years passed between the massive success of Born in the U.S.A. and its follow-up, Tunnel of Love. The latter album is a more personal effort, with Springsteen choreographing members of the E Street Band, rather than gathering them together for planned sessions. The album's title track comments on the unexpected complexities of married life, and the Brill Building baion-beat \\"Brilliant Disguise\\" expresses painful uncertainty and ambivalence.<br /><br />Another five years passed before Springsteen issued the 1992 album pair Human Touch and Lucky Town, and neither advanced his legend. As a songwriter, he still had something to say, but musically he drew from generic rock production. Of the two, Lucky Town is more engaged, and the two songs here, thetitle track and \\"Living Proof,\\" resound with poetic word craft and emphatic vocals. The following year's soundtrack contribution, \\"Streets of Philadelphia,\\" stripped Springsteen's sound to a drum beat and synthesizer wash. Its stark arrangement and subdued vocal reflect the emaciation of the film's protagonist, but also echo Springsteen's earlier themes of desolation, desperation and loss. Two years later he'd return to the Americana-themed works of Nebraska with the modern day dust bowl folk songs of The Ghost of Tom Joad. The confusion and dislocation Springsteen had expressed on Born in the U.S.A. turned to anger and bitterness, as a decade further along the problems of the underclass had been swept further under the rug rather than improved.<br /><br />Springsteen toured Tom Joad as a solo acoustic show in 1995 and 1996, and then went silent until a 2000 live reunion with the E Street Band. The reunion in New York City is documented here with the social documentary \\"American Skin (41 Shots)\\" and the optimistic and inclusive declarations of \\"Land of Hope and Dreams\\" that provide a contrarian's response to Woody Guthrie's \\"This Train is Bound for Glory.\\" The question of whether Springsteen and E Street would reunite for studio sessions was answered with 2002's The Rising, the full band's first album since 1984's Born in the U.S.A. The title song is a classic Springsteen anthem, with a sing-along revivalist chorus that belies the lyric's dire story of a firefighter's tragic climb of the bombed World Trade Center tower. The celebratory soul of \\"Mary's Place\\" recalls the band's early work, but without the dark undercurrents of \\"Lonesome Day.\\"<br /><br />While the first two discs survey Springsteen's albums, disc three provides the collector's bait of rarities, alternate takes and live versions unavailable on other official releases. The disc opens with a 1979 studio take of \\"From Small Things (Big Things One Day Come),\\" a tune Springsteen gave to Dave Edmunds and released in his own voice only on this set. It's followed by the Nebraska-era solo rockabilly \\"The Big Payback,\\" a raucous New Years live take of \\"Held Up Without a Gun\\" and a 1984 live cover of Jimmy Cliff's \\"Trapped.\\" The Born in the U.S.A. outtake \\"None But the Brave\\" offers a classic E Street memory of Asbury Park's 1970s rock `n' roll bars. The mid-90s drum-loop lined \\"Missing\\" found Springsteen experimenting, as did his falsetto vocal for \\"Lift Me Up,\\" the latter from the soundtrack to John Sayles' film Limbo. There's a by-the-numbers cover of \\"Viva Las Vegas,\\" a live version of the otherwise unreleased rocker \\"Code of Silence,\\" an off-the-cuff solo country-blues rendition of The Rising's \\"Countin' on a Miracle,\\" and Springsteen's stark title track for the film \\"Dead Man Walking.\\" The disc's greatest surprise is the otherwise unreleased post-Nebraska \\"County Fair,\\" an unusually sentimental ode that drifts away in an unresolved musical tag.<br /><br />Springsteen's short liner notes acknowledge that this set couldn't possibly please fans weaned on the original albums. There's simply too many emotional connections between times and places and people and songs to capture in forty-two tracks. Instead, the first two discs provide a convincing view of Springsteen's greatness, and a quick tour through many of the endless highlights of his catalog, while disc three offers up rarities that demonstrate what he leaves in the can is often more compelling than other artists' best work. All three discs provide a map to the additional treasures awaiting listeners who take on Springsteen's full catalog, and Bob Ludwig's remastering is particularly sweet on the earlier albums' selections. The set's 44-page booklet includes extensive production and musical credits, photos, and full lyrics for each song. If you're not ready to snap up Springteen's first eight albums plus The Rising, this is a great place to get a sample. [2008 hyperbolium dot com]Proof,\\" resound with poetic word craft and emphatic vocals. The following year's soundtrack contribution, \\"Streets of Philadelphia,\\" stripped Springsteen's sound to a drum beat and synthesizer wash. Its stark arrangement and subdued vocal reflect the emaciation of the film's protagonist, but also echo Springsteen's earlier themes of desolation, desperation and loss. Two years later he'd return to the Americana-themed works of Nebraska with the modern day dust bowl folk songs of The Ghost of Tom Joad. The confusion and dislocation Springsteen had expressed on Born in the U.S.A. turned to anger and bitterness, as a decade further along the problems of the underclass had been swept further under the rug rather than improved.    Springsteen toured Tom Joad as a solo acoustic show in 1995 and 1996, and then went silent until a 2000 live reunion with the E Street Band. The reunion in New York City is documented here with the social documentary \\"American Skin (41 Shots)\\" and the optimistic and inclusive declarations of \\"Land of Hope and Dreams\\" that provide a contrarian's response to Woody Guthrie's \\"This Train is Bound for Glory.\\" The question of whether Springsteen and E Street would reunite for studio sessions was answered with 2002's The Rising, the full band's first album since 1984's Born in the U.S.A. The title song is a classic Springsteen anthem, with a sing-along revivalist chorus that belies the lyric's dire story of a firefighter's tragic climb of the bombed World Trade Center tower. The celebratory soul of \\"Mary's Place\\" recalls the band's early work, but without the dark undercurrents of \\"Lonesome Day.\\"    While the first two discs survey Springsteen's albums, disc three provides the collector's bait of rarities, alternate takes and live versions unavailable on other official releases. The disc opens with a 1979 studio take of \\"From Small Things (Big Things One Day Come),\\" a tune Springsteen gave to Dave Edmunds and released in his own voice only on this set.It's followed by the Nebraska-era solo rockabilly \\"The Big Payback,\\" a raucous New Years live take of \\"Held Up Without a Gun\\" and a 1984 live cover of Jimmy Cliff's \\"Trapped.\\" The Born in the U.S.A. outtake \\"None But the Brave\\" offers a classic E Street memory of Asbury Park's 1970s rock `n' roll bars. The mid-90s drum-loop lined \\"Missing\\" found Springsteen experimenting, as did his falsetto vocal for \\"Lift Me Up,\\" the latter from the soundtrack to John Sayles' film Limbo. There's a by-the-numbers cover of \\"Viva Las Vegas,\\" a live version of the otherwise unreleased rocker \\"Code of Silence,\\" an off-the-cuff solo country-blues rendition of The Rising's \\"Countin' on a Miracle,\\" and Springsteen's stark title track for the film \\"Dead Man Walking.\\" The disc's greatest surprise is the otherwise unreleased post-Nebraska \\"County Fair,\\" an unusually sentimental ode that drifts away in an unresolved musical tag.    Springsteen's short liner notes acknowledge that this set couldn't possibly please fans weaned on the original albums. There's simply too many emotional connections between times and places and people and songs to capture in forty-two tracks. Instead, the first two discs provide a convincing view of Springsteen's greatness, and a quick tour through many of the endless highlights of his catalog, while disc three offers up rarities that demonstrate what he leaves in the can is often more compelling than other artists' best work. All three discs provide a map to the additional treasures awaiting listeners who take on Springsteen's full catalog, and Bob Ludwig's remastering is particularly sweet on the earlier albums' selections. The set's 44-page booklet includes extensive production and musical credits, photos, and full lyrics for each song. If you're not ready to snap up Springteen's first eight albums plus The Rising, this is a great place to get a sample. [2008 hyperbolium dot com]
B00030DEQE|5.0|I replaced my cheapie gigabit nics (Realtek chipset) with the Intel nics and the difference is like night and day under Linux. 50MB/s file transfers are now the norm. You can go cheapie on most other computer parts but don't do it with nics under Linux.
B000000OTU|3.0|Three stars for Aerosmith here. 1994's 'Big Ones' is a decent compilation focusing strictly on their MTV-era hits, 1987-1994, a nice, seven-year period.     With songs like 'Dude (Looks Like A Lady),' 'Janie's Got A Gun,' and 'Love In An Elevator' on this compilation, you can't go wrong if you want strictly Aerosmith's \\"big ones,\\" as in, big ones from 1987-1994.     But, in my humble opinion, the real highlight on 'Big Ones' is the track from the soundtrack of 'Beavis & Butthead Do America,' the hair metal-esque 'Deuces Are Wild.' That song is probably my favorite from Aerosmith's 1987-1994 Geffen Records period.    Still, the reason for the three stars is because this disc seems somewhat unnecessary in 2008. Back in 1994, it probably was a good idea, and it's sold plenty of copies, and believe me, I am NOT criticizing it. But, what I'm saying is, as opposed to this, which offers strictly Geffen years tracks, why not include something from the Columbia/Epic years? Sort of like 'Devil's Got A New Disguise' or perhaps the two disc 'O Yeah!'?     But, this probably is a good idea, because I'm sure there are plenty of Aerosmith fans who are strictly Geffen-era Aerosmith fans who can't stand their Columbia material.     Overall, buy this if you already own 'Gems' or 'Aerosmith's Greatest Hits' and you want a decent follow up to the record. Otherwise, unless you are a devotee of Aerosmith's Geffen years, this can be skipped.    The material is great, but many of the songs here already appear on 'Devil's Got A New Disguise' and 'O Yeah!: Ultimate Aerosmith Hits.' If you haven't bought this already, I strongly suggest you buy those two compilations instead.    Recommended only for the Geffen-era Aerosmith fan or the Aerosmith collector/die-hard fan.
0143038419|1.0|Everyone loved this book, and while I live my life to eat, pray and love.. She wasn't on the same page with me. She gives up on her marriage in the first chapter. Then she sleeps with a series of men. Who has money to travel to three countries, and have such a distaste for everything. I wanted to reach into the book and ring her neck. I find humor in everything, but this book just made me feel depressed. But, I should have known better.. I'm not in the Oprah book cult.
067101756X|5.0|I read this book shortly after it's first release. It is and was at the time considered somewhat dry and non-sensational. Many books offer more juicey tidbits and stories. But this guy was around in the early years and offers a limited but detailed diary like accounting for how he saw the Government approch a highly classified phemon. His account paints a picture of Several High level adjecnties hiding contacts and info. Re:<br /><br />Though narrow in it's scope he lays out knowdledge of how large tech companies with big contracts soon came into These \\"artifacts\\" and learning to reverse engineer them into such pivital items that quickly became the computor chip. All these companies are still around, ones that for a century have enjoyed large millatary contracts, and they guard their secrets better than Fort Knox. Nothing take presidence over the Millitary when it comes to the Governments ability to lock down info. And Anything that has a possibile millitary application gets poured over and exploited for decades before it it's applications are leaked out to the public by way of \\"New Technology\\". New for the public but not new to the world. All the cutting edge scientists get their needed monies for research and development from sources that are predominetly controlled by some government and sign away thier life in confidentiality agreements to get to play with the \\"coolest toys\\", turn over their results and possible applications first to be considered for in a word War. After the rest of the world hs caught up and it's no longer secret then they release the Tech. \\"soup de jour\\" to more profitable exploits, doing so gradually (every 5mos.) to get people to keep having to come back to keep up.<br /><br />Corso tries to methodically layout the early years from his perspective (his proven/traceable service record) what was becomeing a system of how these Top secret issues were being handled and basically probalby still are. Author Jim Marrs came out with his book ALIEN AGENDA around the same time and I found it a much more interesting overview on the subject. But again I find this a poiniet dossier and worth reading as one who wants to understand the roots of Rock might check out Old Blues, Beatles, and Stones music etc...<br /><br />Reguarding (comments) The deveations and \\"enhancements\\" that he may have made at his book signings embellesshment may be one way to look at it... However another wa to look at it is thus. Many writers with sensitive information to tell will many times not give full disclossure to all they know in their books. Everyone should know that. And many times authors will while speaking on a one to one basis, reveal more info. than they wanted to go on record ever saying... And young people need to hear and have access to the truth because they will have more opputunity to do somthing with that truth. Older folks when presented with somthing controversial even if they believe it tend to just sit on the info. rarely even discussing it with their peirs for feir of making waves or worse ridacule. the younger you are the less you tend to care about what other people think of you and that's when you have the most oppurtunity to persue wherever your intersts take you. Just cuase you write a book a bio or whatever dosen't mean that you still might NOT tell everything you know. Given he like 99% of people that write with authority on the subject of UFO and the like don't have any hard evidence short of copies of memos and the like. Besides anyone that claims to have anything in their possession will sure to be inidated with All Kinds beating a path to their door. And in this case I think he was revealing (in the book) more than enough to feel that he \\"threw\\" his hat in\\" in regaurds to giving info. and credence to the subject.he same time and I found it a much more interesting overview on the subject. But again I find this a poiniet dossier and worth reading as one who wants to understand the roots of Rock might check out Old Blues, Beatles, and Stones music etc...         Reguarding (comments) The deveations and \\"enhancements\\" that he may have made at his book signings embellesshment may be one way to look at it... However another wa to look at it is thus. Many writers with sensitive information to tell will many times not give full disclossure to all they know in their books. Everyone should know that. And many times authors will while speaking on a one to one basis, reveal more info. than they wanted to go on record ever saying... And young people need to hear and have access to the truth because they will have more opputunity to do somthing with that truth. Older folks when presented with somthing controversial even if they believe it tend to just sit on the info. rarely even discussing it with their peirs for feir of making waves or worse ridacule. the younger you are the less you tend to care about what other people think of you and that's when you have the most oppurtunity to persue wherever your intersts take you. Just cuase you write a book a bio or whatever dosen't mean that you still might NOT tell everything you know. Given he like 99% of people that write with authority on the subject of UFO and the like don't have any hard evidence short of copies of memos and the like. Besides anyone that claims to have anything in their possession will sure to be inidated with All Kinds beating a path to their door. And in this case I think he was revealing (in the book) more than enough to feel that he \\"threw\\" his hat in\\" in regaurds to giving info. and credence to the subject.
0582424623|5.0|When my brother recommended this book to me more than a decade ago, I perversely avoided it because, living in Japan and immersed in Japanese literature, the idea of Mr. Ishiguro's novel of an English butler struck me as too contrived to even deign to read. Living in a complex and ancient foreign culture, I doubted the ability of anyone not born in a country like England or Japan to assume its persona in a novel.<br /><br />But the name of the book and the author remained, as something of a reproach to my narrowmindedness, and as a kind of reminder that however much I might wish it weren't so, my brilliant brother with a million great books under his belt knew the difference between a fine book and an ordinary one.<br /><br />When I unwrapped the package that my father had sent, in it was a yellowed copy of Remains of the Day, looking even worse than I had imagined it would be. Slathered with a photo of Anthony Hopkins and Emma Thompson on the cover, and proudly announcing that it was \\"now a film from Columbia pictures,\\" all of my old prejudices rose in my throat and I pushed it aside.<br /><br />In a moment of pique I opened it to the first page, knowing that the first paragraph would reveal the feebleness of the author and the cheap Hollywood veneer of the plot. All I can tell you is that it wrapped me up and enfolded me in a cascade of beauty with which only a handful of books have ever entranced me.<br /><br />The story has been told a full 194 times in the reviews that precede this one, and I've little to add except the personal testimony that it is a deeply moving and gripping book. The love story here is so deep, and rich, and painful, that when Mr. Stevens says \\"my heart was breaking,\\" yours will too, if you feel anything at all. The sadness, melancholy, and quiet strength in every line of this book make it a towering monument in English literature. Every line has been chiseled, polished, pondered, and crafted with a beauty matched in modern literature only perhaps by Kawabata Yasunari's \\"Yukiguni.\\"<br /><br />You will cherish this book, and feel wiser about and more in love with the world around you for having read it.Yukiguni.\\"    You will cherish this book, and feel wiser about and more in love with the world around you for having read it.
B00005JPS8|4.0|I've heard--and read--so many disparaging remarks regarding superhero movies, as if they're somehow inferior to \\"real\\" movies--what is a REAL movie, anyway? A low-budget indie full of miserable people? I think the characterization in Iron Man, like the Spider-Man franchise, is very good. Robert Downey Jr. IS Tony Stark/Iron Man. No one else could have brought this character to life as he has. The supporting cast is excellent. The story is true to the comic book--or is it \\"graphic novel\\" now? I'm never quite sure! The story never bogs down. The special effects are spectacular. Marvel was wise to take the reins on this one.<br /><br />I only gave it four stars instead of five because I was disappointed to find, in all the extras included in the 2-disc set, there was no BLOOPER REEL!!!!
B0013FDM7E|5.0|I really liked this movie.  I've seen movies that seem to take forever to watch but I watched I Am Legend and it was full of action (and some sadness) and didn't keep me looking at the clock, waiting for it to be over.  I loved it, I cried so much at the end though.
B000VRSTEQ|5.0|Forget the negative reviews. This is a great collection of Aerosmith hits, post the \\"Sweet Emotion\\" era. Buy it and replace the ones you don't like with \\"Sweet Emotions\\" or \\"Walk this Way\\" or whatever.
B00127RAJY|5.0|Jillian is one of the best instructors I have ever come across, of course, once I owned the video, I stopped exercising. But I can promise you this, you WILL lose 20 lbs. in 30 days.  I actually lost 28 lbs. so I know when my exercise room is done, I will lose another 10 - 15 lbs. and look cut...that's the best part of the whole thing, you can actually see your muscles becoming defined with this video. I would give it a 10 star if I could.  The shipper got the video to me fast & cheap, and that was totally awsome!!!!!
B001CTA1T8|4.0|\\"Beverly Hills Chihuahua\\" will, I think, wow most kids, dog-lovers and those interested in a mildly diverting flick. It's short but seems long. The dogs talk but need better writers. A frequent visitor to Mexico, I was never as confused by Mexican geography as I was during this film. It kept introducing new plot devices and characters. A rat and an iguana pop up as do a whole army of Chihuahuas. I never realized there were so many varieties of them.<br /> At times the movie is cutesy, at others seeming to be about character-building. It's not violent. All of the dogs except one appear to be nice guys, uh, canines. If your kids ask you why your dogs can't talk, tell them the cat's got their tongue.
B001BKG9SK|5.0|Unbeliveable production, amazing set list, even life long Floyd and Gilmour fans have to add this one to the collection.
0061537934|5.0|I have never felt compelled to write a review of a novel before now. I finished this book in a marathon of page turning bliss and sadness. I am a dog lover and am fond of racing , but above all else I am a human. The spirit to fight and live is shared in this novel and attaches itself to every tear fallen and every race won. I will warn those who are sentimental this may be one to many heart felt tales compiled in one book. If you insist on picking this up you will be led by the tail on a voyage of unforgettable size. This book allows us to see how we are tied together and depend so heavily on another soul. Thank you Mr. Stein for this wonderful tale. I do not know other   how else to put this; my dog has seen me through some of the most unimaginable times and to this day stands beside me and reminds me of humility every day. She is a wonderful vessel placed her to help my family and I struggle and share in some of the most explosive times of both good and bad. You captured this so well and as her health fails I found the text very reflective. This book is a masterpiece and I believe deep within the text we can all learn about what is really important in our lives from the pages. It is as perfect as any novel I have read. You sir have delivered one very powerful and enduring piece of work. I recommend this one with gushing remarks just make sure your kleenex box is full.
B00166BL6Y|5.0|Even as a life time (OK since 1973) fan of Jethro Tull, this double CD stands strong on the liner notes, extra material, and the revisted strength of this live recorded set.
B000FC2ROU|4.0|Many thought provoking references and as much symbology. A little transparent but exciting and enjoyable.
B001HDWKMA|5.0|If you love Ray Lamontagne, you'll love this CD.  Heavenly.  He has a voice like no one else.
B000MGBTQ6|5.0|This review is for \\"Major League: The Turf Edition\\"<br />A TRUE COLLECTOR'S PRIZE EDITION!!!<br /><br />Amazon has changed its listings for the various editions of \\"Major League,\\" and I cannot say with any certainty that if you order this edition, ASIN: B000MGBTQ6, that you will actually receive the \\"Turf Edition.\\"  My recommendation is to contact the seller before buying.  So, if you order and get the \\"Turf\\" edition: lucky you!<br /><br />Having failed (I ordered and re-ordered it three times I believe) to get the \\"Turf Edition\\" when Amazon had it listed under a different code, I wrote my very first review entitled, \\"WARNING!!!! THIS VERSION IS NOT THE ONE YOU GET.\\"  Sometime over the last six months or so, Amazon finally de-listed \\"Major League: Turf Edition,\\" and added my review to the reviews posted for all the various versions of \\"Major League\\" except for this one.  The picture, as of October 25, 2008, shows the \\"Turf Edition,\\" so I am writing another review for this version; although my comments are strictly for the \\"Turf Edition\\" as pictured.<br /><br />I managed to locate a copy of \\"Major League: Turf Edition\\" through another source a few months after I wrote my review (which I have since edited as well).  The short story about this edition is that it is strictly a \\"collector's version.\\"  The only difference between the \\"Turf Edition\\" and \\"Major League (Wild Thing Edition)\\" is that this edition comes with an artificial sod covering on a slip case that goes over the box with the \\"Wild Thing Edition\\" DVD.  As a true fan of the movie and the Cleveland Indians, \\"Major League: Turf Edition\\" is the ultimate display version of the movie.  I keep my copy in an air tight bag, neatly displayed with other baseball memorabilia.<br /><br />For those not familiar with the film, here is a summary of \\"Major League (Wild Thing Edition), which I also own and have revised my review on:<br /><br />A Cleveland fan since 1959, the thrill of \\"what if\\" was great--and I own a copy of every version that I am aware exists.  But, this movie--no matter what version you purchase--is an outstanding show.  The performances by all of the actors show a sincere desire to make a great movie.  In particular Dennis Haysbert (perhaps best known for his role as President David Palmer on 24) as Pedro Cerrano is awesome, while Charlie Sheen gives his best comedic performance.  Wesley Snipes as Willie Mays Hayes, not quite as well known at the time, engrossingly demonstrates his ability to do comedy--he really needs to do more comedy.<br /><br />The baseball scenes are all believable and well shot; although more cameos by real players would have been even nicer.  Having been to many games, I think that the movie does a very good job of portraying what is is like to attend a professional baseball game.  Indeed, with Bob Uecker, I almost thought I was listening to a live game.  If you like baseball, Major League is one of the best--for entertainment, not drama--and I highly recommend it.<br /><br />Bonus features for \\"Major League (Wild Thing Edition)\\" include: 1) commentary by writer/director David Ward and producer Chris Chesser; 2) My Kinda Team; 3) Major League: A Look at \\"Major League\\"; 4) Bob Uecker: Just A Bit Outside; 5) An Alternate Ending with Filmmaker Introduction; 6) A Tour of Cerrano's Locker; and 7) a photo gallery.  How many of these bonus features are on the other editions, I cannot say; although I would hope that these and more are on the two disk edition (ASIN: B0019GO5AU).<br /><br />If this review was not helpful to you, I would appreciate learning the reason(s) so I can improve my reviews.  My goal is to provide help to potential buyers, not get into any arguments.  So, if you only disagree with my opinion, could you please say so in the comments and not indicate that the review was not helpful.  Thanks., this movie--no matter what version you purchase--is an outstanding show.  The performances by all of the actors show a sincere desire to make a great movie.  In particular Dennis Haysbert (perhaps best known for his role as President David Palmer on 24) as Pedro Cerrano is awesome, while Charlie Sheen gives his best comedic performance.  Wesley Snipes as Willie Mays Hayes, not quite as well known at the time, engrossingly demonstrates his ability to do comedy--he really needs to do more comedy.    The baseball scenes are all believable and well shot; although more cameos by real players would have been even nicer.  Having been to many games, I think that the movie does a very good job of portraying what is is like to attend a professional baseball game.  Indeed, with Bob Uecker, I almost thought I was listening to a live game.  If you like baseball, Major League is one of the best--for entertainment, not drama--and I highly recommend it.    Bonus features for \\"Major League (Wild Thing Edition)\\" include: 1) commentary by writer/director David Ward and producer Chris Chesser; 2) My Kinda Team; 3) Major League: A Look at \\"Major League\\"; 4) Bob Uecker: Just A Bit Outside; 5) An Alternate Ending with Filmmaker Introduction; 6) A Tour of Cerrano's Locker; and 7) a photo gallery.  How many of these bonus features are on the other editions, I cannot say; although I would hope that these and more are on the two disk edition (ASIN: B0019GO5AU).    If this review was not helpful to you, I would appreciate learning the reason(s) so I can improve my reviews.  My goal is to provide help to potential buyers, not get into any arguments.  So, if you only disagree with my opinion, could you please say so in the comments and not indicate that the review was not helpful.  Thanks.
6301971272|5.0|It's great to see this movie after so many years. The Digital Restoration looks really great. Super clean and sharp looking. This great movie can be seen many times because of the terrific cinematography (camera angles) and music by Ennio Morricone. Very nice interviews of Clint Eastwood, Eli Walach and others! The best DVD transfer of this film!!!
0345457684|5.0|'Altered Carbon' has a lot going for it. The plotting is dense and fast-paced, the dialogue snappy, the characters well-drawn, and the writing quite capable. Probably the most rewarding aspect of the novel is its very deep and well-developed setting. Morgan takes the idea of human immortality through storing consciousnesses separately from bodies, and plays with it to an astonishing degree of detail, exploring all the psychological and social repercussions that this technology would drag in its wake.    A master worldbuilder will fail as a novelist if his prose is not up to scratch; but Morgan is successful in this regard as well. The plot of 'Altered Carbon' is so thick that a second reading would be rewarding for fully comprehending it; and the high quality of the writing makes the prospect of such a re-read quite pleasurable. Some shrivelled-up nay-sayers may call science fiction and good writing oil and water; 'Altered Carbon' is a clear counterexample.    (I must mention my one pet peeve: like so many others in this sad age, Richard K. Morgan does not realize that a question must always end in a question mark.)
B000R7GKQE|5.0|i love the supernatural series and this season i thought was better then the last
B0007MWZEK|5.0|My first swivel sweeper just died after two years of hard use picking up animal hair and dust from the desert here in AZ.  I never had a problem with it and even though some of the reviews are negative, my prior experience with the product  to order my second one today.
B000HWZ5VU|5.0|Robert's first solo album is a must-have. The music still sounds fresh and his band had a definitely unique way of playing. The guitar player Robbie Blunt throws great ideas into the fold with Moonlight In Samosa and Slow Dancer being great achievements. As for Robert he is as passionate as in any Led Zeppelin album and obviously excited by the new soundscapes and possibilities his new music offered him. His singing is still in forward motion true to the spirit of his previous band and to think this was recorded a little more than a year after John Bonham's death makes it even more special and puzzling. I can't help but imagine a great Led Zeppelin album that never was... The remastered version is a definite upgrade and lets Pictures At Eleven show all its brilliance.
B001F2W4Y2|5.0|if you love ac/dc then you will definitely love this album. more of the great rock we expect from the thunder from down under.if you're not a fan ,then there is nothing i can say about this album.it's as cool as back in black.
B00005JNEW|4.0|The playing of the game was action packed and the ending was real something that would happen in real life.. things don't always go your way in life and this movie depicts this concept.  In addition, there was also a story besides just the football and what a lot of these school kids went through in thier home life.  Very realistic and I enjoyed it and have watched it more than once.  I recommend this movie to all....
B001F7XIJW|4.0|Well ... This one has pretty much blown my crotch clean off.  While 'From Mars to Sirius' had some promising sounds and riffage, it all seemed fairly samey in the end, being more a take-your-pick for me than a play-all-the-way-through album.  'The Way of All Flesh', however, has Gojira taking their unique sound, adding a few new tricks and forging a real crotch-explodingly fine album.  Also, it's actually about death this time and not freakin flying space whales.    Gojra's gigantic \\"harmonious jackhammers of woe\\" sound has really levelled up on this disc too, being fatter and more refined.  The guitar tone manages to pull off an amazing balancing act between open, rich, detailed texture and massive, fat, sheer weight AND tightness (although drummer Mario Duplantier having the precision of an atomic clock might be helping the tightness along a little).  Even more spookily, they're always densely layered, yet retain incredible clarity.  Surely by all known laws of physics, stuff that bottom-heavy should sludge out completely, but low, intricate harmonies are clearly audible in the riffage.    Joe Duplantier's vocals pull off even more creepy tricks.  He seems to have the ability to melodically cookie monster, and often harmonises to form this howling, thick chorus of death.  He's not afraid of the effects either, and the title track features a striking, inhuman vocoder-fueled requiem.    Bravo, french arseholes.  I want my crotch back.
B00004RFFI|5.0|Twister ranks up in my top movies of all time. When it first came out, the special effects were considered ground breaking and even jaw dropping. Years later the effects are just as incredible, effective and powerful as ever. Various kinds of twisters were created, and they are so believable. Every time I watch this movie, during the twister scenes my heart pounds and my eyes are glued to the screen. It's just so believable and so darn exciting!<br /><br />I have to disagree with the person who said the story line takes second place to the special effects. Yes, the special effects are totally remarkable, but this movie would be nothing without the great characters and complicated, moving love story. Throw in some first rate actors with tremendous appeal and you've got a winner. This movie holds your attention throughout and entertains on every level.<br /><br />Bottom line: I highly recommend this movie as a purchase.
B001DHXT20|5.0|The incredible Hulk brings back our green superhero, now masterfully played by Edward Norton. The first time we saw Edward Norton on the big screen he was playing a key role alongside Richard Gear in Primal Fear. Norton was so amazing in his performance that we have become fans of his.    Here, Norton plays Bruce Banner, a scientist that travels fast from place to place, avoiding detection by those who want to turn what he carries inside into a powerful weapon. We find him working and surviving among the thousands that live in the Fabellas of Sao Paulo, Brazil, where from a bottling company, he is in communication with a US scientist, attempting to eliminate the effects of the military experiment that has transformed him into an enormous creature, capable of anything, with a powerful force that can send automobiles into the air as if they were Frisbees.    Bruce is also learning the art of self control while receiving training on how to lower his heart rate through breathing and muscle exercises. When his heart rate is fast, he transforms, so we see him struggle to keep it low and to control emotions such as passion, rage, anger and love.    William Hurt plays the part of General Thaddeus \\"Thunderbolt\\" Ross, the man responsible for the project that has left Bruce in his present condition and who is after Bruce so he can make many just like him. The General also happens to be the father of the girl Bruce is in love with; Betty, played by Liv Tyler.    The General is unable to capture Bruce in Brazil and Bruce escapes. We see him next in Guatemala, where a farmer finds him shivering in the cold of the jungle and takes him into town. There we see a rather funny scene as Bruce acquires clothing that can stretch as he transforms into the Hulk and because he can't determine the size... he tests it against the bottom of a rather large female that stands behind him.    Next, he returns to the USA in search for a solution from the scientist he has been corresponding with, and when he finds him, he realizes that the doctor has kept samples and has test subjects that can progress the experiment. By now, the General has enlisted the help of an older soldier who seems to be capable of anything and wants nothing but to remain a fighter. This soldier confronted the Hulk back in Brazil and dreams of being able to fight against him, so he agrees to undergo experiments to see if he too can transform into a powerful \\"abomination.\\"    The scenes that follow are amazing, the fights a bit contrived, but the pace of this movie is wonderful as we go from place to place following the struggle between the two monsters. Hulk is simply a movie worth seeing and a wonderful resurfacing of one of our favorite superheroes. One of the most appreciated moments were when the producer provided cameo appearances by Stan Lee, Lou Ferrigno and Robert Downey, Jr. bringing all our favorite superheroes together. Don't miss it!
0375826726|2.0|I loved the 1st book.The 2nd was ok.This book is so so. I don't want to read  about a hero that feels bad about killing BAD GUYS and is sad when he has to eat meat
0345495004|5.0|Wonderful love story, makes you want  to go back to nature and live like they did, but keep the tissues handy, very sad ending. Amanda
B001DTPZNY|1.0|They might as well have made R2D2 and C3PO the main characters of this film.  It is full of bumbling attempts at humor and/or action that just constantly left me thinking, \\"Why aren't they (the heroes) dead yet?\\"    Though one of my favorite actors, Harrison Ford's career is probably over as of this movie.  Sad, considering that he did a pretty decent job with a thoroughly crappy script, crappy directing, crappy production.    The idea of bringing aliens into the Indiana Jones legacy didn't bother me one bit; I actually thought that was one of the better points of the movie.  Just the fact that the whole thing reminded me a lot more of the Keystone Kops than anything else...  Like Indiana Jones meets Ishtar...  SO LAME.  If you haven't seen this yet, don't bother.  It has all the worst points of Temple of Doom, cubed.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Although most of their fan-base feels that they \\"lost their touch\\" with 'Load', 'Reload', and 'St. Anger'...I, for one, liked those too.  But I also like their old stuff (except for '...And Justice For All').  'Death Magnetic' is really good and definitely worth buying.
B0002DB0FO|5.0|Everwood is one of those continuing series type of shows, much like a soap opera would be, except more sophisticated.  And, it is one of my favorites.  When I realized that it had come out on DVD, it brought back such warm memories just to think of it that I knew it must have been a very pleasant viewing experience.  It's not fast-paced or flashy, but frankly, that's what I liked about it.  It's family situations with introspection and a few surprises, and nicely done by all.
1600610234|5.0|This book is exceptionally well illustrated with clear lessons on how this master creates his art. It is a fantastic value and loaded with How-to's for anyone interested on how the design process flows. It's packed with fantastical designs and very inspirational. After going thru this book, you will want to pull out your markers and pens and attempt to create your own designs using Doug's techniques. The instructions are clear and once you get into the flow, the results are amazing. It's soft back so the value is wonderful and stays within the budgets of students and everyday people. I recommend it highly!
B00005JPS8|4.0|This is one of the few movies I've seen in theaters in recent years. I was entertained and impressed by the level of story, bringing back much of the joy of the Iron Man comic books I read when young. The action and CGI use wasn't merely there because they could do it; it was integral to the story development and contributed to the wild ride. The DVD's extras are great, explaining all the actors went through in preparation for the movie. Robert Downey, Jr. had to learn a different type of wire use as the director didn't want it to look like Peter Pan. It works well. I was eager to see the DVD and I wasn't disappointed in the least.
0439023483|4.0|An absorbing read. You can see the lineage from the Gregor the Overlander series. Of course it is marketed as a teen book. Since I believe most of us peak out at 13-14 in social development basics, it does make one examine our basic beliefs. Maybe even change some of them. I think it is at the same level as the Harry Potter series. Worth reading. I await the next in the series with interest.
B00008FROE|5.0|I think that this is the Stones' best!    An EXCELLENT mix of rock, rock and roll, blues, and country influences--this album is kind of a microcosm of the Stones' in general!    The musicianship is incredible, the songs range from naughty to poignant, and it is just hands down my favorite album (period) to listen to (I have been listening to it, almost exclusively, for weeks now!).    I think it is one of the best examples of the songwriting genius of Jagger and Richards, and the musical genius of the whole band (with Mick Taylor at that time [long replaced by the also very gifted Ron Wood]--a guitarist of great reknown even beyond his association with The World's Greatest Rock Band)    I think it will go (has gone?) down in history as one of the overall best rock albums ever!
B000002KDS|5.0|The Coop's second hit album following the breakthrough \\"Love It To Death\\" was \\"Killer\\". This CD does not do the album justice. Frankly I'm surprised there is no expanded version of this on Rhino. What gives? An enhanced-with-bonus-trax, remastered version of \\"Killer\\" seems like a no-brainer. This is a classic album with one absolute masterpiece, \\"Halo of Flies\\". I love during one line how the melody from \\"My Favorite Things\\" from \\"The Sound of Music\\" is detectable. Everybody into rock bought this album at the time. The music stands up so well because it is real and the original AC band was incredible. I saw them in 1971 at the Long Beach Auditorium and they were fierce live.
0345495004|5.0|The book was received quickly and in perfect condition!  Thanks  so much (and I really enjoyed the book!)
B000UNYJXQ|5.0|This video is amazing.  It is full of emotion-stirring imagery and accounts of all that is wrong with American Health Care...or the lack there of.  There is so much out there that we do not know.  This documentary brings it all to light.  Granted, these are some of the worst cases out there, but with over 25,000 entries submitted...how do you filter?  Regardless, these are all accounts that should not be in any system.  Especially if that system touts itself as the Best of the Best.  With so much wrong with the world today, or at least this country, it refreshing to know that there are people out there trying to fix it.  Michael Moore may be controversial...but you have to ask yourself, is it because he is nothing but a radical...or is it because he's telling us the truth that we dont want to hear?  This video truly leaves one 'sick' ...but it shows us that we have a long way to go, and there is a lot that needs to be fixed.  I recommend this video to anyone.  Time to wake up people!
B001FEM5T4|5.0|While looking for new folk guitar artists and songs to download (Emmylou Harris, Lucinda Williams, Ray Lamontaigne, etc...) Amazon listed this as one of the recommended items.  The album cover art first grabbed me, then the title. The two things appeared to me something not something a record label exec might have put together. I thought OK, this looks like an introspective, dark, personal, and reflective - my kind of music (at least the mood I've been in musically speaking).  I never heard of Fitzsimmons but after listening to the trial tracks, I liked the overall feel of the work and downloaded all the songs.  I love love love \\"If you Would Come Back Home\\".  I love the interplay of the guitars and the haunting piano work. In fact, that evocative interplay is what drove me musically to many of the tracks.  And Fitzsimmon's voice and words are the perfect accompaniment, or is that in reverse?  I guess structurally and technically speaking I love the weaving in and out of the instruments and his voice.  A very beautiful work in my opinion.  I'm very impessed at the quiet beauty fo this work.  I'm going to let this album sink in and then I'll look into his other albums, which I hope he'll enliven me down a different musical path...
B00008973A|4.0|The movie is great; however a sequence where BeBe is asked to demonstrate a solo is missing.
B000FQJAIW|5.0|I am also perplexed at the many whining reviews of this DVD set. I understand that LucasFilm had originally said that they would never release the original theatrical release on DVD, but they did, and we should be thankful, even if it isn't \\"perfect.\\" All the whining isn't going to persuade Mr. Lucas to restore the original to modern-day brilliance. I think it adds a bit of charm to the set. Like an old-time movie, which it is becoming, and plot changes or significant editing to the story-lines are not always good, but Mr. Lucas does have a right to edit his movies as he sees fit. And again: MR. LUCAS DID NOT HAVE TO RELEASE THE ORIGINAL, UNEDITED TRILOGY. I'm just thankful that they released the original with English subtitles.
0812932293|5.0|This is one of the most fascinating, inspiring, and funny books I have ever read. Branson's style is easy to understand (although there are a few British words), and the tale he spins is absolutely spellbinding. I was up until 3AM reading it because I literally could not put it down.<br /><br />In this book, Branson shares quite a bit of very personal information about his intimate relationships, as well as business details. I felt like he was confiding in me as though we are close friends.<br /><br />In addition, his sense of humor is wonderful. I found myself laughing hysterically more than a few times. It was entertaining that I went to the computer and ordered his other two books as well.<br /><br />The real value of the book is that he shows you that anyone can be as rich and happy and successful as he is. He explains his motivations, and shares his feelings with surprising candor. Through revealing the deepest feelings in his heart, and how he cares about people, you can see that even a billionaire is really no different from you or me.<br /><br />All I can say is this book is really great. You have to read it! Thank you Mr. Branson!
B001437DMA|5.0|I'm actually saddened  to see anything in the way of the disappointment of others in reference to this album.  This immediately became one of my favorites at first listen.  I really feel Joe put aside his expectancy of others and just let his inspiration flow for this one.  I was never at any point bored or waiting to get through a song to hear what the next track might offer as I have been in a couple previous albums.  Music is a language of the soul, you either understand it or you don't, you either connect with it or you don't.  There was reference made in comparison  to earlier albums  that for myself I could not agree with. The compared albums I didn't connect with as I did this one. This album is a language I understand and an inspiration of \\"soul groove\\" for me.  \\"Thank you Joe\\" Rock on,,,,,,,,,,,,
B001E75QGG|1.0|Not only was this a disappointment becauese of the expectations of the previous Indiana Jones movies, but it was a terrible movie when standing on it's own.    The key to an adventure movie is the abililty to allow the watcher to suspend disbelief... we can believe a hero can dodge a giant rolling rock, or swing across a bottomless pit by a whip wrapped around a tree branch, we can even believe that god, demons, and even aliens might exist... but we CAN'T believe a group of people will go over a niagra falls sized waterfall in an open boat/car (not once, but SEVERAL times) and survive without injury.  We CAN'T believe that an untrained kid can swing through the jungle from vine to vine and keep up with cars going 40 miles per hour (\\"befriending\\" a group of monkeys along the way??)  We CAN'T believe someone can hide in a refrigerator from a nuclear blast, be blown a mile and a half through the air, and land safely.  We just CAN'T!    This may have been the most disappointing movie in my lifetime, with Star Wars Episode 1 (and the bane of my existence, Jar-Jar) a close second.
B001CVCB9O|4.0|There are so many intriguing parts constituting the whole of Calexico that make its sound more an experience than a commercial product. John Convertino's drumming, the stormy, border-infused lyrics of Joey Burns, the duality of breezy subtlety and explosive thunder from the brass section of Jacob Valenzuela and Martin Wenk, and Paul Niehaus' dreamy, ultra-slick pedal steel and electric guitar can all have separate and successful solo avenues. Together though, they are Calexico, one of the best under-the-radar southwestern and alternative bands around.    Their previous release, Garden Ruin, was an attempt to consolidate their well-established musical experiment, and though lyrically Calexico continued to push boundaries, the fullness of their sound was stifled. Carried to Dust is a return to form, slightly more sorrowful than The Black Light, Hot Rail or Feast of Wire, but it is incredibly strong nonetheless. It's as if the chilled atmosphere of this album is symbolic of the desert in winter.    Calexico both captures and reinvents the haze and tumble of southwestern border music. Miles upon miles of highway, man-made lakes, illegal ports, migrants avoiding spotlights, living on the wire, and dreams of a new life are the stories and images of Calexico. Stories which often highlight the plight of those overlooked by most citizens, the invisible people quietly struggling to survive.    In addition to Two Silver Trees, standouts of the album include Writer's Minor Holiday, Inspiracion (with guests Amparo Sanchez and Jairo Zavala), El Gatillo, Slowness (with Pieta Brown), and Red Blooms.
0618871713|5.0|The book might seem tedious at first, but its worth reading to the end, do not give up halfway like i almost did. This is by far one of teh best books i have ever read. In no way a simple story, it weaves an intricate narrative, that gets to a huge level of personal details that leave you feeling like you know the author more than anybody else you know in your life.
0375842209|5.0|I loved this novel, and I must confess that I had serious reservations about it. I mean, it was hard for me to imagine being sympathetic with a German family in the midst of WWII. But I was wrong--the family is wonderful, the characters memorable. I especially loved the way the story was told--through the voice of Death. I definitely would recommend this novel. It's an anti-war book, which we certainly need right now.
B0010X73ZG|4.0|I have to say I've grown tired of monster films in recent years as they all seem to have one thing in common.....they suck! 'The Mist' is a great example of taking the best from the old and the best from the new and blending them together for a damn good thriller! The FX are very good, the atmosphere is creepy and the tension is high in this well acted deliberately paced horror/sci-fi throwback to the days of drive-ins! I couldn't help but think of my old PS2 game 'Silent Hill' a little watching this film, with it's thick mist and sirens hauntingly sounding in the background. The two disc DVD edition is especially nice with a cool black and white version on the film, plus enough extras to keep any monster fan happy for a while!
B001G60FVG|5.0|The story is poignant, original, fresh -- and the writing is beautiful. Although the premise is grisly, the story is hopeful and timely. A young girl is lured to her rape and murder by a neighbor who has preyed on others. As Susie watches her family, friends, and neighbors from her heaven we see the havoc that is wreaked on the survivors' lives. Although she cannot interact with the living or influence them, she cannot stop watching and hoping that, somehow, they will be O.K.  I highly recommend this book for all ages high school and up. (My teen book club chose this book for this month's book club read and I can't wait to hear what they thought!)
B000GRUS22|5.0|I have been a fan Enigma since I was 9 and have followed them religiously for the past 18 years.   This album has won a great recommendation from me which is why I'm writing this review.      Even  after listening to the latest album, 7 LIves many faces, I must say that A Posteriori is easily the best album they have produced so far.  The songs are intricate, dynamic, and sensual.  My favorite songs are \\"Feel Me Heaven\\" and \\"20.000 miles over the Sea\\" which give you the feeling that you've just left earth and the confinements of gravity.    Overall the CD has a very Nocturnal, Spacey sound.  When listening to A Posteriori, there are times I feel like I'm travelling to a mystical galaxy, other times, exploring a deep dark sea.  It really is a fun and adventurous album.    True there are some cheesy songs such as Goodbye Milky Way and Hello and Welcome.  I guess what I like about the album most is that it has a lot of dark tones, from the sinister sounding songs such as \\"Eppur Si Muove\\" to \\"Alchemist.\\"  It is truly the most unique and exquisite album of the Enigma reportoire.  Don't even bother with Voyageur, in fact you could avoid that one like the plague - utter catastrophe.    Hope this was helpful - rate me now!
B0011UBDTK|5.0|I did not buy this item from Amazon (but on ebay) but I would like to share my experiences in the purchase of this. The 1st time I bought I received a bootleg item from the seller, it was totally different and was not of Region 1 as described. The box was bigger, darker pink in colour, fake-looking and had pictures of the 4 ladies in front. I returned it. The 2nd time I bought, it came in a lookalike of the Retail version, the packaging was in Light Pink Velvet binder. However, the outer plastic box was flimsy, discs inside were \\"protected\\" in \\"plastic bags\\" but had scratches, printing was poor. It looked like a different batch or maybe someone copied the design. Finally, on my 3rd buy, I received the Retail Version found in stores. No glue and all the discs are playing properly so far. I am writing this to warn all of you of the different versions you might receive.
0375826726|5.0|I have read all three of the books in the series and could not put them down.  Waiting on pins and needles for the fourth book to be released.  Christopher Paolini has a way of writing that makes you want more!
1596434252|5.0|One for the designers I think.  A delightful pop-up A to Z in a minimalist format that creative folk will love.  Almost every letter has a three-dimensional aspect, the exceptions are O,P,Q and R which use a transparent page to turn the letters from one to another.  V creates a W using a whole page of mirror foil.  Everything else pops up or slides left to right with the letter S having two circles that revolve as the spread is opened.    The look and feel of the book is that it is aimed at grownups.  The type is loosely based on Futura presented in black, red and white on black and white spreads.  The paper construction is not particularly complex but the overall effect is very creative: like using a common dot for an i and j or a C being flipped over into a D.    I don't see ABC3D in the same context as a kids pop-up book and it's in the completely opposite direction from the stunning creations by Robert Sabuda (and if you are new to pop-ups check out Sabuda's extraordinary [[ASIN:0689853637 Winter's Tale: An Original Pop-up Journey]]) but as an adult pop-up keepsake it has a lot going for it.  Incidentally I'm surprised that there is nothing about Marion Bataille anywhere in the book.    ***SEE SOME INSIDE PAGES by clicking 'customer images' under the cover.
B000002UVX|5.0|Band of Gypsys was released in the US in 2 CD versions - the first was released in 1995 as the 25th anniversary CD (Capitol 96414 jewel case or the mini-vinyl card version Capitol DPRO 79534). Both contain the same CD as issued under the Alan Douglas control of the Hendrix Estate. In 1997, after the Hendrix family took control of the estate, Experience Hendrix released the Experience Hendrix/Capitol CD release (72434 -93446). The mixes used are the same but they appear to have been remastered from different stereo tapes.<br /><br /> The 25th Anniversary CD issue was sourced from a copy of the master tape, not the original Eddie Kramer-mixed stereo master tape. The original master tape had been marked \\"Do Not Use\\" by EMI-Capitol Records (possibly because it was deteriorating while the copy was in good condition), so the copy-master was used for any versions on vinyl after the initial green label Capitol version and  the 25th Anniversary edition CD. They sound like it - obvious bass and vocal distortion abounds (especially in Who Knows), along with very slight treble phase shift.<br /><br />The new version by EH/Eddie Kramer uses the \\"Do Not Use\\" tape (the original stereo master) and sounds much better than the Douglas version. The bass is excellent now and the treble and vocals are much clearer. The uneven fade up of the original Bill Graham introduction has been changed to a drop-in, and Eddie Kramer mentioned in an interview with Michael Fremer in Stereophile that some tape splices were retrimmed.  A minor caveat is the appearance of occasional soft crackling noises on the new release (e.g. at about 5 and 11 secs into Machine Gun in the left channel). I seem to remember these on the original 1970 Capitol (green label) vinyl (STAO 472 - released in April 1970), and bought several copies thinking - wrongly as it turns out - that they were pressing faults. These noises weren't present on the Australian Polydor vinyl release (2406-002), nor later Capitol (purple or red label) pressings. The copy-master, therefore, appears to have been used for most versions of Band of Gypsys beyond the original US issue, despite its inferior sound. I guess the crackling noises on the original Capitol vinyl release and the EH/Capitol release are sounds caused by the original master tape deteriorating.label) pressings. The copy-master, therefore, appears to have been used for most versions of Band of Gypsys beyond the original US issue, despite its inferior sound. I guess the crackling noises on the original Capitol vinyl release and the EH/Capitol release are sounds caused by the original master tape deteriorating.
B001DDBCUK|5.0|This movie really hits the spot.  It is a great ending for a great series.This movie makes the series feel complete.
B001C4AFP8|4.0|Director and Producer Ridley Scott and Screenwriter William Monahan have created a memorable tale of our conflicting times, with lots of grey (metaphorically as well as literally) and very few whites and blacks.<br /><br />Overtly put, the movie is simply the story of CIA covert operations agent in the Middle East, Roger Ferris, and his handler back at Langley, Ed Hoffman and one particular operation that they get into. Throw in a Jordanian Chief of Intelligence, Hani, who is sauve, sophisticated and patient with his own game plan quite different from the harried ploys the CIA is prone to use, and a master terrorist, Al-Saleem who is currently registering hits around the world and you get a pot-boiler, with remnants of Munich, Syriana, The Traitor...<br /><br />Even though realistic depictions are gaining momentum in Hollywood of late, it must have taken a very brave Ridley Scott to take the dive so soon after the strain has appeared on the wall. But, trust Scott to do a good job - as he has always done.<br /><br />The movie is a taut, psychological thriller, with double dealing & triple dealings galore, and terror is everywhere you look. Trust no one, Deceive everyone. That's the tagline on the movie posters, and the movie does complete justice to that theme.<br /><br />Crowe is a middle-aged CIA handler, warming the benches back in Langley, (supposedly) doing all the planning and winning all the wars by himself. He takes this war on terror as a regular part of life, so much so that he is shown talking to DeCaprio while dropping his kids to school, while eating his cereal breakfast, while cheering his daughter during her soccer game! Sure, he has a right to a life, but I get the feeling Scott wanted to show the relative importance that making these decisions has for Hoffman, while DiCaprio's putting his life on the line. Talking of DiCaprio, he's a CIA field agent in the volatile Middle East - Iran, Jordan, Dubai - who sees human casualties with much more seriousness than his boss back in Langley. As a result of his thinly veiled dislike for his superior's ways-of-working, he developes a close rapport with the Jordanian Chief of Intelligence, played with an uncanny dexterity by Mark Strong, whose style is to let the small fish live, so that it can lead him back to the real big fish out in the ocean, and then he can move in for the kill. Patience is his virtue, something that CIA has not really appreciated so far, and so his natural disbelief of DiCaprio makes it that much more difficult for the latter to gain his trust.<br /><br />The story moves through the streets of Iran, and Amman, and Dubai with deals going through and going wrong simultaneously, the stakes are real and bomb blasts are not just on TV.<br /><br />The direction is terrific, and the acting is superb. The southern drawl of Crowe's character is like the icing on the cake - shows his (repeated) contempt for all other intelligence agencies. No wonder he equates himself with America, when Ferris has to make a choice... but - I'm not going to reveal anything more.<br /><br />Overall rating; 4 out of 5. As a result of his thinly veiled dislike for his superior's ways-of-working, he developes a close rapport with the Jordanian Chief of Intelligence, played with an uncanny dexterity by Mark Strong, whose style is to let the small fish live, so that it can lead him back to the real big fish out in the ocean, and then he can move in for the kill. Patience is his virtue, something that CIA has not really appreciated so far, and so his natural disbelief of DiCaprio makes it that much more difficult for the latter to gain his trust.    The story moves through the streets of Iran, and Amman, and Dubai with deals going through and going wrong simultaneously, the stakes are real and bomb blasts are not just on TV.    The direction is terrific, and the acting is superb. The southern drawl of Crowe's character is like the icing on the cake - shows his (repeated) contempt for all other intelligence agencies. No wonder he equates himself with America, when Ferris has to make a choice... but - I'm not going to reveal anything more.    Overall rating; 4 out of 5
B0015I2P0Y|5.0|This CD is new in the usage of instruments, creative in melodies.. A big plus for Elbow and the Seldom Seen Kid!!
031606792X|5.0|I started this series just after the 2nd book was released, thankfully. So I was able to read twilight and new moon together, which I will say for someone like me with no memory, was helpful and made it more enjoyable. By the time breaking dawn was released, I had a vague memory of the story, but knew I had absolutely loved it despite not remembering much... so there was no way I wouldn't read breaking dawn. The whole series follows Bella, a human teenager who falls in love with Edward, a 80 or so year old vampire. It twists and turns and each book is fantastic as a stand alone or read together with the other 3. With this final installment in the twilight saga, you get all the things Stephenie Meyer has promised and more with Eclipse.<br /><br />Without reading too many reviews beforehand I got the feeling that this book might suck. It seemed a good amount of the reviews were going at this book with a wrecking ball, and I was a little scared to read it because I didn't want to be disappointed in the series as a whole, especially how it ends. But my mom convinced me that it was amazing, so I bought it. I had gotten her started on the twilight series and she read this a month or so before me. Honestly I didn't want to read it as soon as it came out because I don't want it to end. This is the first series in a longtime that I really love and feel invested in.<br /><br />  I won't review the story because I would never want to ruin the excitment and discovery for anyone. Thats why nothing is covered in the dust jacket, or on the amazon page(unless you start reading reviews, then you're screwed...and you're reading this...so apparently you've already started reading them.)<br /><br />  BUT! I will say --- at times this book was shocking. I freaked out on people that had no idea what the story is about or why I was so nuts over it. I was desperately asking aquaintances  \\"Have you read twilight!?\\". I just needed someone to share my thoughts with to be honest. I'm in my 20s, but I was completed consumed by the story. So anyway, at times it was more farfetched then I had expected. Now that the first movie is being released, I had a hard time figuring out how they would do this 4th book realistically without being weird, campy, or just plain not translating on screen. So good luck to them in advance.<br /><br /> But once you get over some of the major hurdles, it was amazing. I was stunned and in awe the entire way thru. About 200 pages from the end, I stopped for a day or two,because I was so sad/scared to finish it, knowing this is probably the end as far as Bella's perspective. I still to this day would love more Bella/Edward, as I find even their everyday life facinating. Hopefully someday she'll write more about all or any of the Cullens(Alice and Esme being favorites of mine.) This book gave you more of the Cullen family, which I know a good amount of people really enjoy.<br /><br />For those people who said this book is ridiculous, or picked on various aspects -- you're ridiculous!(though, as I failed to say before, everyone is entiled to their opinions, which is why reviews are so helpful). This is a BOOK, a STORY, something to be enjoyed. A good amount of people pick apartm this book because they don't like the message its sending to teens or kids about something whether it be marriage, or age, or children, etc etc. I really think this book rocks! It's fantasy mixied with reality, and in my opinion, ends the 'saga' in the perfect place. I hope to see more from Stephenie Meyer. (PS: 'the host'(by meyer) which I thought would be too sci-fi for me, was really good too!)eted consumed by the story. So anyway, at times it was more farfetched then I had expected. Now that the first movie is being released, I had a hard time figuring out how they would do this 4th book realistically without being weird, campy, or just plain not translating on screen. So good luck to them in advance.     But once you get over some of the major hurdles, it was amazing. I was stunned and in awe the entire way thru. About 200 pages from the end, I stopped for a day or two,because I was so sad/scared to finish it, knowing this is probably the end as far as Bella's perspective. I still to this day would love more Bella/Edward, as I find even their everyday life facinating. Hopefully someday she'll write more about all or any of the Cullens(Alice and Esme being favorites of mine.) This book gave you more of the Cullen family, which I know a good amount of people really enjoy.    For those people who said this book is ridiculous, or picked on various aspects -- you're ridiculous!(though, as I failed to say before, everyone is entiled to their opinions, which is why reviews are so helpful). This is a BOOK, a STORY, something to be enjoyed. A good amount of people pick apartm this book because they don't like the message its sending to teens or kids about something whether it be marriage, or age, or children, etc etc. I really think this book rocks! It's fantasy mixied with reality, and in my opinion, ends the 'saga' in the perfect place. I hope to see more from Stephenie Meyer. (PS: 'the host'(by meyer) which I thought would be too sci-fi for me, was really good too!)
B00005JPS8|5.0|Arrived rather quickly!!! Love it.  My daughter love's it.  We are both enjoying it! ;-)  Thank-You!!
0385340990|5.0|That's how I felt about this book. As I got to the last few pages, I purposely slowed down to savor the time I had left with these wonderful characters. A powerful mixture of pathos and humor, this story is revealed in a series of letters and correspondence. It's a history, romance, and a travelogue all in one, but more than that, it shows us the power of the human spirit under any number of circumstances.<br /><br />I immediately ordered a copy for my 84 year old mother but I'm sure my 17 year old niece would get just as much from this marvelous book.
B0019IB26I|5.0|Love Love Love it! Very happy with the entire cd. He is an amazing singer with such a smooth voice. This album is a little more blues sounding than the others. Buy it!!
B00000255F|5.0|Born to Run is the album that started Bruce Springsteen to the fame he enjoys now.<br />The album has a raw charm, but it is a kick back to the Rock of the 50's and 60's.<br />Bruce at one time wanted to become a premier guitarist but realized his efforts were in vain. He decided to concentrate on writing and performing instead. In time he has become one of the very best writers in Rock.<br />This is his signature album (arguably with Born in the USA).<br />If you like Bruce Springsteen this album is a must.
0679720200|4.0|The Stranger is one of those nobel-prize-winnnig books you see mentioned every now and then, but you don't know if you'll really ever read it yourself. It's such a simple story, but it's so profound and thought-provoking. Basically, a guy kills another guy in self defense and goes to trial over it. That's really all there is to the story. But what makes it so thought-provoking is the personality of the guy. He sends his mother to a nursing home, doesn't cry at her funeral, smokes a cigarette and drinks a cup of coffee immediately after the funeral, and gets a new girl friend the day after the funeral. This makes him suspect. The mob thinks that maybe he has no feelings. They think that maybe he's an awful man that isn't fit to be in public. They think that maybe the murder wasn't in self-defense after all. It's scary to me that people could think a man is a callous monster just based on the feelings a guy did or didn't have for their mother. What's the real line between civilized and savage? Is a person not civilized just because they are less demonstrative about their emotions than most people? Is it a crime to sleep with a girl you just met just because your mother was put in the ground the day before? It's just shocking to see how small of a thing can demonize a person in the eyes of a mob. I think, however, that the most shocking thing to me about this book was to realize that in 1942 France, the death penalty was still beheading by guillotine.
B001GAPC1K|5.0|Most people on Amazon -- and I count myself among them -- reviewing movies or TV shows primarily review the film or series and not the product.  As a rule, I think this is more helpful than focusing on features, extras, packaging, and such.  Because these change and usually (though not always) Amazon links the old versions to the new, comments about these can become irrelevant.  I am making an exception to this product, the Blu-ray 2-disc edition of IRON MAN, simply because it is the first movie that I bought on Blu-ray.  I previously had bought two TV series on Blu-ray, but this is the first film.<br /><br />I recently purchased a Sony Playstation 3, primarily for watching movies, though secondarily for playing games.  I limiting my Blu-ray purchases until the prices for the discs come down to around the same level as DVDs.  On the other hand, I'm virtually cutting out my purchases of DVDs entirely, since the new format is already on hand.  I wouldn't be surprised if overall DVD sales started to drop if more people follow the kinds of buying patterns I'm currently practicing.  We are in an in between period.  The format war is over and Blu-ray has won, but not enough people own Blu-ray players because they are priced too high.  But just as I stopped purchasing LPs and cassette tapes once CDs were released, so I'm ceasing buying DVDs.  But my purchasing of Blu-ray is minimal.  Mostly I rent from Netflix.<br /><br />Which leads to the question, why buy Blu-ray at all?  Well, only if there is enough in the product to justify it.  In the case of IRON MAN, I believe what you get justifies the cost.  I was a little nervous the first time I put a Blu-ray on, wondering if the difference was going to justify the money I had expended.  I'm delighted to say that it did.  The main feature, of course, looks extraordinary.  But IRON MAN is unique in contrast with the other Blu-ray films and series that I have watched in the format in the amount of extras also in 1080 high-def.  I think this will change quickly as Blu-ray matures as a form, but currently many releases have the main feature in 1080 high def, but many of the features in a lower resolution.<br /><br />IRON MAN also has an amazing number of special features that I actually enjoyed watching.  Too often special features just seem to be filler, put there to make the purchaser that there is more to the item purchased than there is.  And frankly, more often than not I don't bother with special features at all.  But I find projects like IRON MAN to be quite fascinating, since it involves combining several technologies to create the final main character, including the main actor, stunt doubles, high tech suits, robots, and extensive CGI.  Frankly, going behind the scenes of most movies -- even most very good movies -- is not terribly interesting.  But in the case of a high-tech super hero movies, it is very nearly as much fun as the main feature itself.  I especially enjoyed the series of short features documenting the making of the film.  I find that I enjoyed the movies itself more fully on rewatching than I did the first time through.<br /><br />IRON MAN is important not merely for being a very good movie, but for being the first movie by a new studio that is certain to be among the greatest producer of box office smashes in the next decade.  After watching several Marvel characters drive some of the greatest box office hits of the past decade, Marvel has established its own production company.  The goal is ultimately an Avengers movie and to that end they are bringing out a string of movies over the next 3 or 4 years, introducing potential new members of the Marvel answer to the JLA.  We have already been introduced to Iron Man, The Incredible Hulk, and Nick Fury of S.H.I.E.L.D. (and I hope everyone who has watched IRON MAN stuck around after the closing credits to be introduced to Nick Fury, who gets his own movie something early in the next decade -- this will almost certain star Samuel L. Jackson, who gave his permission to serve as the model for Fury in The Ultimate Nick Fury comic release).  Marvel has announced movies based on Thor, Captain America, and Ant-Man, all of whom were members of the Avengers in one or another version, along with Iron Man and the Hulk.  Marvel's formula, based on IRON MAN and THE INCREDIBLE HULK, as well as the movies they are striving to cast (the word is that Daniel Craig recently turned down the offer to star in THOR), is to make a character based film focused primarily on a high-profile actor (Robert Downey Jr., Edward Norton, and if he had taken the offer Daniel Craig), and then build the action around him, instead of having the character as an afterthought to the action.  It has worked wonderfully in the Spider-Man movies (which was primarily a Sony production).  When and if they do an Avengers movie, the cost of the cast alone should be jaw dropping.  However, Marvel isn't focusing on the Avengers alone.  They have also announced their intention to do a film based on my own favorite Marvel series, Brian K. Vaughan's The Runaways, about a group of empowered teens in California who discover that their parents are super villains, causing them to become runaways (hence their name).  Though the Runaways have been tangentially included in Marvel Big Events like the Civil War and the Secret Invasion, they aren't centrally involved in the rest of the Marvel Universe.  There will also be a Silver Surfer film, hopefully with Galactus as his foe.<br /><br />My fear is that Marvel is going to be exclusively focused on producing titanic box office smashes.  Though I will add that both IRON MAN and THE INCREDIBLE HULK focus on character enough to make both far more than cinematic comic books.<br /><br />My last comment is that as a Robert Downey Jr. admirer, I couldn't be happier that he seems to have conquered his personal demons to enjoy the greatest commercial success of his career.  He is a first rate actor who has been in many, many fine movies over the years, often in independent productions, but for a while it looked like his career might be over.  Although he proudly points out that even during the years when he struggled with drug addiction and never missed a single day of shooting on any film, after his final rehab and jail stint insurers would not insure his films.  I know that Woody Allen had to drop him from one project because they couldn't get insurance for him.  Gradually, however, he managed to work his way back.  He is especially good to see in this role because his own personal problems parallel those of Tony Stark in the comics.  Like Downey earlier in his life, Tony Stark struggles with alcoholism.  The film only shows him drinking.  I wonder if IRON MAN 2, which was just announced, will show Stark dealing with his drinking.  I hope so.  It has been the focus on things like this that have made several of the Marvel movies so enjoyable.  Although there is great action, ultimately they are about believable, very human individuals who become heroes.  The more human you make the characters, the more delightful they become as heroes.his permission to serve as the model for Fury in The Ultimate Nick Fury comic release).  Marvel has announced movies based on Thor, Captain America, and Ant-Man, all of whom were members of the Avengers in one or another version, along with Iron Man and the Hulk.  Marvel's formula, based on IRON MAN and THE INCREDIBLE HULK, as well as the movies they are striving to cast (the word is that Daniel Craig recently turned down the offer to star in THOR), is to make a character based film focused primarily on a high-profile actor (Robert Downey Jr., Edward Norton, and if he had taken the offer Daniel Craig), and then build the action around him, instead of having the character as an afterthought to the action.  It has worked wonderfully in the Spider-Man movies (which was primarily a Sony production).  When and if they do an Avengers movie, the cost of the cast alone should be jaw dropping.  However, Marvel isn't focusing on the Avengers alone.  They have also announced their intention to do a film based on my own favorite Marvel series, Brian K. Vaughan's The Runaways, about a group of empowered teens in California who discover that their parents are super villains, causing them to become runaways (hence their name).  Though the Runaways have been tangentially included in Marvel Big Events like the Civil War and the Secret Invasion, they aren't centrally involved in the rest of the Marvel Universe.  There will also be a Silver Surfer film, hopefully with Galactus as his foe.    My fear is that Marvel is going to be exclusively focused on producing titanic box office smashes.  Though I will add that both IRON MAN and THE INCREDIBLE HULK focus on character enough to make both far more than cinematic comic books.      My last comment is that as a Robert Downey Jr. admirer, I couldn't be happier that he seems to have conquered his personal demons to enjoy the greatest commercial success of his career.  He is a first rate actor who has been in many, many fine movies over theyears, often in independent productions, but for a while it looked like his career might be over.  Although he proudly points out that even during the years when he struggled with drug addiction and never missed a single day of shooting on any film, after his final rehab and jail stint insurers would not insure his films.  I know that Woody Allen had to drop him from one project because they couldn't get insurance for him.  Gradually, however, he managed to work his way back.  He is especially good to see in this role because his own personal problems parallel those of Tony Stark in the comics.  Like Downey earlier in his life, Tony Stark struggles with alcoholism.  The film only shows him drinking.  I wonder if IRON MAN 2, which was just announced, will show Stark dealing with his drinking.  I hope so.  It has been the focus on things like this that have made several of the Marvel movies so enjoyable.  Although there is great action, ultimately they are about believable, very human individuals who become heroes.  The more human you make the characters, the more delightful they become as heroes.
B000NTPDSW|4.0|Definitely an improvement over the previous DVD version, for the aficionado it's a must have. Fascinating documentaries have been added in addition to all the previous bonus material as well as new commentary tracks. Too bad we have to choke down Godfather 3 to get the first two but what are you going to do, right?
0743298020|3.0|It took me longer to finish this book than usual. It just didn't call to me be pick it back up. It's not a ghost story like it markets itself to be; it's just the story of twins that miss each other. I think I was nonchalant about finishing this book because I thought the author was being too obvious with her hints of the secrets of this book. It does turn out, though, that what you think are supposed to be the secrets of the book are not the real secrets. You learn the real secret in the last 50 pages. I have to admit that the author had me fooled. But I didn't like getting 50 pages from the end and wondering where the ghosts were and trying to re-read the book in my mind with this new piece of information. Eh. Whatever.<br /><br />Maybe I should have read Jane Eyre before reading this book because I simply didn't get all the references. I'm extremely lacking in my knowledge of that genre of book.<br /><br />This author did have some extremely quotable lines about books and words. The story itself was just sort of \\"eh\\".
B000MR9D5E|1.0|Every time you are amazed by the nature, endless talking heads show up, everybody involved with, therefore presumably needs to be credited by, the project. I was OK for a while but couldn't get my 8 & 4 yr olds to watch and realized how ridiculously interrupting these lecturers/commentators were. They could have put these faces at a lower corner of the screen so that we can watch the nature. After all, that was the primary reason people watch it, at least that's mine.
0689865384|5.0|After finishing 425 pages that I couldn't put down, I'm finding myself needing to buy the next in the series as soon as possible. No wonder editors are getting copy-cat novels similar to this from aspiring writers.<br /><br />Uglies tells the story of a post-apocalyptic dystopia where everyone gets a surgery at age 16 to make them \\"pretty\\" with a perfect body, perfect face, and diminished personality. This surgery is supposed to prevent people from having an unfair advantage in the workplace because of the way they look and to prevent conflicts because of the color of people's skin. And when you become a \\"pretty\\" there's nothing but party after party every night. However, from the age of 12-15, you have to move to Ugly Town to live with all the other \\"uglies\\" until your operation. However, over the years, many of the uglies have escaped beyond the city to live off the land rather than to become a pretty.<br /><br />The author has created a different world with different rules. The city has a grid up metal under it which magnetic hoverboards and hovercrafts use to zip around the city. People look different and have different initiation rites for growing older.<br /><br />One of the characters spends a great deal of time following a riddle another ugly has left behind for her to get from the city to the secret world of the uglies who refused to turn pretty. These uglies have created a place called The Smoke where they have attempted to keep vestiges of the past alive with a library of books and magazines from the time before everyone's eventual fate was to become a pretty.<br /><br />If the other books in this series are as good as the first, I know what I'm going to be spending too much money on in the next few days or weeks
B001H5X7JS|5.0|I saw this film seven times in theatres when it was out.  I couldn't get enough of it!  This movie is definitely worth it for Robert Downey, Jr.'s performance alone - the man can do no wrong.  The fake trailers at the beginning are comedic gold, and the film itself is great!  I started laughing when Scorcher was being advertised and didn't stop until the credits stopped rolling.  This was almost better than Iron Man and definitely better than the over-hyped Dark Knight.
B0002OERI0|5.0|I was never a Green Day fan growing up, but gave this an open listen and I was blown away.     It's so hard to put into words how amazing this album is.
B0007939NO|5.0|The movie arrived in great condition, and within just a few days of purchasing, as most all of my orders have. So I will continue to buy from Amazon, knowing my money and identity are secure.
B001FBSMW6|3.0|I will admit, when I bought and first played this album, my first impression was' \\"who is this band!?\\"  I literally ejected the CD to make sure I had Keane on.  I expected their \\"original\\" sound, but got something else. I was intially dissapointed, but decided to give the album a second listen. Now, I love it!  Its a fun to listen album that simply puts me in a great mood. So go ahead and give it a try, or a second listen.
0440241413|4.0|If you want to read something that will make you laugh out loud this is the book for you....written somewhat like the Bridget Jones collection..very entertaining, light read. All of us can relate to the struggles Rebecca has with her money I am sure. I have already read the next book in the collection.
B000002AVF|4.0|\\"This album really has some bittersweet memories. I love the year 1995 and this album is one of the reasons why. One Sweet Day, Always Be My Baby, and FANTASY are all memorable to me. It makes me think of my childhood. i really do miss the 90s. I definitely recommend this album to any new fans. It's the best.\\"<br /><br />Update: Okay, after all these years, I realized that I don't really love this album that much. The songs on here are very lighthearted and fluffy. I prefer sensual, moody, and dark songs. I love darkness and haunting songs. Looking In was the ONLY song on here that displayed that. Fluffy songs make me puke. I prefer Music Box because it's much more dark, haunting, and moody. It's like my lullaby when get things get rough. It feels much more personal and realistic. The only songs I really like the most are Long Ago, Melt Away, When I Saw You, and Looking In. Daydream is just too bubbly and immature for me. It's probably just as bubbly as any Disney song out there, lol. It would have worked for me if I was still in elementary school, but not for a 25 year old woman. It's very bubblegum pop compared to her first three album that seem more mature in nature. There's also a slight change in her vocals. It sounds extra girly more than ever. I even like the songs on Butterfly alot more because it feels more sensual and personal. If I had it my own way, I would made the concept of Daydream more about a sexual fantasy kind of thing like the Janet. album. More flirtatious and sexy...and less innocent.<br /><br />1. Fantasy-i love the sample of tom tom club. it brings really good memories especially the video. It shows a very happy Mariah having a good time. However, its sappy lyrics are just the beginning of this mush fest, nauseating of an album. 4/5<br /><br />2. Underneath The Stars-this song is really cute in a special way, but pretty cheesy. It's about being on cloud nine. Something that we all have felt somewhere in our lifetime. 4/5<br /><br />3. One Sweet Day-who doesn't know this song??? i hear this on radio alot. it's very bittersweet and meaningful. 5/5<br /><br />4. Open Arms-i grew up hearing Journey's version. Mariah's version is pretty good. 4.5/5<br /><br />5. Always Be My Baby-these days, i think it's equivalent to \\"I Stay in Love\\". very junior high/high schoolish. 4/5<br /><br />6. I Am Free-umm...it's okay. 3/5<br /><br />7. When I Saw You-yea, i have experienced this. like the song said \\"i could not breathe\\". lol 5/5<br /><br />8. Long Ago-yup, this 2. it's about a guy who doesn't display the same affections as before. i love the beat. 5/5<br /><br />9. Melt Away-oh yea, there were times where i did \\"melt away\\" and it felt really good!!!! haha. 5/5<br /><br />10. Forever-this song sounds kinda 50ish and sounded really cute at first, but it gets borderline mushy and annoying afterwards. I can't relate or stand these type of songs. It reminds me of \\"So Blessed\\" and \\"We Belong Together\\". I would say that \\"We Belong Together\\" is more tolerable out of three. 4/5<br /><br />11. Daydream(interlude)-alright 3/5<br /><br />12. Looking In-the song sounds very melancholy and haunting as it describes a girl who feels trapped inside. The best one on here and its lyrics really stood out from the rest. Bravo. It makes you wonder what a dark song like this belongs on an album that is just so bubbly and light in tone. 5/5eet Day-who doesn't know this song??? i hear this on radio alot. it's very bittersweet and meaningful. 5/5<br /><br />4. Open Arms-i grew up hearing Journey's version. Mariah's version is pretty good. 4.5/5<br /><br />5. Always Be My Baby-these days, i think it's equivalent to \\"I Stay in Love\\". very junior high/high schoolish. 4/5<br /><br />6. I Am Free-umm...it's okay. 3/5<br /><br />7. When I Saw You-yea, i have experienced this. like the song said \\"i could not breathe\\". lol 5/5<br /><br />8. Long Ago-yup, this 2. it's about a guy who doesn't display the same affections as before. i love the beat. 5/5<br /><br />9. Melt Away-oh yea, there were times where i did \\"melt away\\" and it felt really good!!!! haha. 5/5<br /><br />10. Forever-this song sounds kinda 50ish and sounded really cute at first, but it gets borderline mushy and annoying afterwards. I can't relate or stand these type of songs. It reminds me of \\"So Blessed\\" and \\"We Belong Together\\". I would say that \\"We Belong Together\\" is more tolerable out of three. 4/5<br /><br />11. Daydream(interlude)-alright 3/5<br /><br />12. Looking In-the song sounds very melancholy and haunting as it describes a girl who feels trapped inside. The best one on here and its lyrics really stood out from the rest. Bravo. It makes you wonder what a dark song like this belongs on an album that is just so bubbly and light in tone. 5/5
1847242537|5.0|I bought this book in audio version, and it is one of the FEW books that held my undivided attention.  The book is crafted with intelligence and precision.  I am thoroughly impressed.
0618918248|3.0|I would seriously recommend that you simply read the first five chapters of _The God Delusion_, by Richard Dawkins, and then stop. All the best writing is in the first half of the book. In particular, I thought that the quotes from George Washington, John Adams, Thomas Jefferson, Albert Einstein, and other famous people were quite good. This might be the book's best feature.<br /><br />Everything that Dawkins has to say about the Bible and Christianity has been said before, in books by Thomas Paine, Bertrand Russell, and many others. There is nothing original or even very imaginative here.<br /><br />As the book progresses, Dawkins's mind appears to be veering off in all directions. As I was reading the last chapter, I got the distinct impression that Dawkins had promised his publisher a certain number of words, and was now just throwing words down on paper in order to fulfill a contractual obligation.<br /><br />If you want to read something that is really good by Richard Dawkins, I would highly recommend either _The Selfish Gene_ or _Climbing Mount Improbable_. Those books are excellent. Let's hope that in the future, Dawkins will confine himself to doing what he does best.
1596680296|5.0|I've just started knitting socks and recommend this to other beginners.  She's included instructions and charts for different sizes and different yarns.  The hard back is durable for frequent referral.
B000053VJI|5.0|Juan Luis Guerra is one of the best and this CD definitely has his best!  If you don't own any of his CD's, must start with this one.  Please note Track 3 is not \\"Woman del Callao\\" as the ad indicates, but \\"Si Tu Te Vas\\" which is a GREAT merengue song!!!  So glad this song was in the CD!  Like another reviewer said, this CD has beautiful, romantic, clean lyrics.  Juan Luis Guerra's greatest hits include mostly merengue with some bachata hits (beautiful songs) and one salsa song.  The tracks are as follow:  Track 1 - merengue  Track 2 - merengue  Track 3 - merengue  Track 4 - merengue  Track 5 - bachata  Track 6 - merengue  Track 7 - merengue  Track 8 - bachata  Track 9 - bachata ending with a slow salsa beat  Track 10 - merengue  Track 11 - merengue  Track 12 - salsa  Track 13 - bachata  Track 14 - merengue  Track 15 - merengue    You will be a merengue fan if you are not one yet once you own this CD.  It'll get folks moving at your next party.  Enjoy!
B000RPTQ1C|3.0|An interesting album. one cracking good hit with \\"Viva La Vida\\" the rest can best be described as pleasant background music.
B001F12J48|4.0|I saw the movie in an IMAX theatre and enjoyed it a great deal.  I'm a 60 year old man who watched the House of Wax, Charge at Feather River, Hondo, etc., in 3D when they first were released, in the 1950s.  I love the process and am happy that more movies are getting duplicated in 3D for the big screen...and the little ones too.      The description, for both the standard and Blu-Ray version, states:  \\"The version of the film on DVD is the standard theatrical version, not the 3-D version seen in IMAX theaters. --David Horiuchi\\"      The term \\"3D\\" is set out, on the DVD box, in larger font than the name of the movie, but Amazon includes the claim that it's a flat version, and nowhere refers to it as \\"including glasses\\" as it does for \\"Journey to the Center of the Earth.\\"      I'm not buying until I know...but, it is a really good movie.
B0015AARJI|5.0|This is a great controller.  I would recommend it to everyone.  You can not beat Amazon's service, prices, and delivery.
0618680004|4.0|I have just finished reading this book. I couldn't find my bookmark when I started reading it, so I tore off a piece of cardboard from one of my wife's boxes that were in a cupboard. The box insert read \\"Look for Important Information Inside\\"  When I read this I found it amusing in the extreme! What an inadvertent pick of a bookmark, I couldn't have put it better if I'd tried; an excellent book!
B000WGWQG8|5.0|I enjoyed this series very much.  John Adams is a man that every American could emulate.  Would that his kind of man would be living in the White House always.  It was well-done and the acting was supurb.  Even though John Adams was not a handsome man, he was not quite as homely as Paul Giamatti was made up to be - in my opinion, of course.
B000001EUP|4.0|I recently purchased this album because I have seen the No One Like You video (both versions) a lot on VH1 Classic lately. The only other Scorpions albums I had prior were Humanity and Moment of Glory, and I'm of course familar with their other big hits.    Well I was pleasantly surprised by Blackout! I \\"discovered\\" the gem that is Arizona! It is very catchy (which I like) and seems like it should have been a \\"hit\\"!    No One Like You of course rocks, everyone's heard it. I really enjoyed this album, its thoroughly and consistantly good. Very METAL! So after that I purchased Love at First Sting. I thought I would love that album as well, thinking it would be a progression from Blackout but I'm disappointed in that one! I won't get into that review here but I have to say Love at First Sting makes Blackout sound that much BETTER!
0375826726|4.0|This book was more of a setup for the final installment than a novel on its own. It developed the characters more and made them more personally connected to the reader, as well as, introducing key facts that will undoubtedly be crucial in the last book. Overall, it wasn't a bad book, but the story did drag at times and I wanted to just skip over all the \\"traveling\\" moments after reading about different mountains being described in endless detail for the tenth time. Fans of the cycle should, of course, read it to get ready for the next one, but don't believe it will be as exciting as the early two.
B000002I55|2.0|Neglectful of the Tristano experiments carried out in the late 1940s, music critics generally credit Ornette Coleman with the invention of free jazz. So, curious about how Ornette's effort stacks up against Lennie's, I acquired \\"Free Jazz: A Collective Improvisation by the Ornette Coleman Double Quartet.\\" The album was recorded in 1960 and released by Atlantic in 1961. Besides Ornette the personnel includes Don Cherry, Scott La Faro, Billy Higgins in one quartet and Eric Dolphy, Freddie Hubbard, Charlie Haden and Ed Blackwell in the other. After several hearings I conclude that there are no grounds for comparison. Lennie's and Ornette's concepts of group improvisation are diametrically opposed. Lennie's intention is to meld five musicians into one player with ten hands. The integration and unity achieved is so remarkable that had \\"Intuition\\" and \\"Digression\\" been written out beforehand and not spontaneously composed, the two pieces would still rank as the most exhilarating six minutes in 20th century chamber music. (As is well known, the free improvisations originally totaled about twelve minutes, but an \\"engineer\\" who disliked the result erased half of it. Anyone know his name? I'd like to erase six very important minutes in his life.) On the other hand, were Ornette's improvisation for double quartet, which is 37 minutes long, transcribed onto paper and performed, it would rank very low in terms of unity of conception. But here's what's extraordinary. Unity is precisely what Ornette is determined to avoid since it's his contention--which I infer from the music-- that the temptation to chime in with others emasculates the soloist's individuality by hindering his effort to express his natural originality. Consequently, whenever the players fall into a groove (which takes the form of brief bouts of lively, atonal Dixieland), the enjoyment is cut short and suddenly we're back in shared solitary confinement. So why play together at all? Because Ornette wants to collectively improvise without compromising the individual solo. \\"The most important thing,\\" Ornette is quoted in the notes as saying, \\"was for us to play together, all at the same time, without getting in each other's way, and also to have enough room for each player to ad lib alone--and to follow this idea for the duration of the album. When the soloist played something that suggested a musical idea or direction to me, I played that behind him in my style. He continued his own way in his solo, of course.\\" I think it's strongly implied here that by playing together Ornette mostly means playing at the same time but not necessarily in such a way as to spontaneously integrate the solos into a unified composition. For Ornette's fear is that striving for a too tightly integrated unity will undermine the freedom and independence of the soloists.<br /><br />Whereas in the early days Lennie encouraged his students to emulate his own style of improvisation (which hardly required much coaxing so seductive was it), Ornette proceeds in the opposite direction in order to confirm the uncompromising individuality of each of his players. It's a matter of Lennie's all for one and one for all versus Ornette's to each his own but all together. And while there's no excuse for critics to fail to acknowledge Lennie's priority, it's understandable why Ornette might not wish to do so. For to acknowledge Lennie in any way except by pointing out the irreconcilable differences between them would force Ornette to come out in the open and admit that he is willing to defend the freedom and independence of the soloist even at the cost of disintegrating the music.<br />Back to top<br />View user's profile Send private message
B001BKG9RQ|5.0|This is the most satisfying album I have bought in quite a while.  I will admit that I did not buy \\"On An Island\\"  when it came out, but that entire album is here and I'm glad I waited for this.  I have been a huge Floyd fan for over 10 years now.  The orchestra sounds great in the mix, the new songs fit in perfectly with the classics.  The high points are Echoes, Fat Old Sun, and 'Shine' is the best version I have ever heard.  This is a must have for anyone who has any taste in quality music
B000AMJC2K|4.0|A great product!  Even though the specifications indicate you should use a monitor under 20 inches, my 22 inch monitor works great.  My advice: a larger monitor will work, just be sure it is under the max weight limit, which I believe to be 18 pounds.<br />Because of the edge of my desk, I used the \\"through the desk\\" mounting option versus the \\"on the edge\\" option.  I drilled a hole for the screw to go through and tightened it from underneath.  It is solid as a rock.<br />My only complaint is the silver color of the stand.  It looks nice, but I would have preferred something in black that did not \\"stand\\" out so much.  Sorry for the horrible pun, but it's true.  Functionality - 5 stars.  Style - 4 stars.
B0019FOC5E|4.0|More than seven years after it opened on Broadway, the recent tidal wave of stage-to-screen musical adaptations finally launched the film version of the hugely popular \\"Mamma Mia!\\".    The largely enjoyable movie, starring Meryl Streep, brings the fun of ABBA's musical to the big screen.  While a few songs from the stage version are dropped, the best songs, sung by the actors themselves, were included in the film.  All do an admirable job, with the exception of Pierce Brosnan - who, while a good actor & easy on the eyes, simply has a terrible \\"fingernails-on-the-chalkboard\\" voice.      I love ABBA's music.  The originals bring back great childhood memories, while the cast cd is almost equally as fun.  The film soundtrack, though not on par with its predecessors, remains enjoyable.  You may just want to skip the couple of tracks \\"sung\\" by Mr. Brosnan.    Best tracks:    Mamma Mia  Dancing Queen  Gimme Gimme Gimme (A Man After Midnight)  Voulez Vous
B00008CLOA|5.0|There are a few nay-sayers among the reviews of this album, and to them I say:<br /><br />This album is billed as the 30th Anniversary Edition. That's \\"edition\\", not re-release. The word strongly implies \\"somehow different\\" and this album is definitely different. The only reason to buy it, in my opinion, is to upgrade your historical collection of \\"Dark Side\\" to the newest and dramatically improved technology, and perhaps to hear a different opinion on how the mixdown should be done. Audiophile purists continue to sneer at \\"CD\\" technology, and for a few good reasons. The sampling frequency is such that subtle overtones in the uppermost registers which contribute to spatial imaging are lost or trashed. SACD essentially solves that problem. But the big deal with this release is in the 5.1 track.<br /><br />Surely, Pink Floyd intended to flabbergast the listener with spatial imaging of sounds, both eclectic and traditional, when this album was first released. But the technology just wasn't up to the task, to say the least. Now, however, the technology is unquestionably up to the task, and this album is a completely stunning example of a \\"blow you away\\" example of what 5.1 (or higher) surround is meant to provide.<br /><br />For anyone who has found the motivation (and $$) to upgrade their system to high quality audiophile grade components configured for 5.1 (or higher) surround sound, this album is an absolute MUST HAVE!<br /><br />The only indication on the album cover to suggest this is anything other than a regular CD is the tiniest of notices in a little square on the back which states, if you have a microscope to read it, that this album is a hybrid SACD. Oooooh, what a massive understatement! The subsonic information from the original tapes is ALL there! The image field is huge and constantly in motion. This is a new acoustic experience! Particularly for the fortunate folks who have ability to reproduce the lowest fundamentals of pipe organ, this album will rockyour listening room! Please, do not expect to \\"appreciate\\" this album in your car... this album was not intended to be schlepped into a car CD player or, God forbid, an MP3 player. Yuck.
B001AII4TA|5.0|I'm slowly collecting all the animated movies which we already own on Dvd and am updating them all to Blu-ray as they come out, and Madagasca is just another one of those must own movies. I can't wait for the next one to come out on Blu-ray also.
0375826726|5.0|Fantastic of course.  Another triumph for Christopher Paolini.  Can't wait for book 4!!!
B0018QOIXU|5.0|I absolutely love this entire album!  I saw Adele on Saturday Night Live and was struck by her presence and her amazing voice. I bought the cd the next day and have not stopped listening to it!!! Every single song is rich and beautiful! The accompanying music is as rich as Adele's voice and compliments her beautifully! The theme's of the songs are also wonderfully real without being tragic. I love, love, love this cd!!!
B000TGJ8A8|4.0|I seem to like alot of N Cage movies that alot of overs dont like?  Ghost Rider, Next so-on - but Nick is not a great actor - Next is a good premise and entertaining, and she is so hot?????
B001AUKUTU|4.0|Great overlooked album by DIO - especially for those who like 'fast' Dio.      This review is to recommend the HARD N HEAVY  24 bit remaster release out of Japan.  Yes, it is more expensive, but be assured that the remastered recording is VERY FAR SUPERIOR to the current and past US release they are pawning off for $5.00 NEW all over the place.      The US release is a tinny-sounding muffled, distorted, mess while the Hard n' Heavy Japan release (available here on Amazon) returns this recording to what it should have always been.  Strong bass, clear cymbals and no muffled Ronnie vocals.      Usually I am not impressed enough by remasters to warrant the upgrade and extra bucks, but DREAM EVIL was a botched recording from the start and this Japan release sounds more like the standard set by the original Holy Diver/Last in Line CD releases.    Well worth the extra money for fans looking to appreciate this recording to the fullest!!!!
B000QUEQBS|5.0|LOTS OF FUN A GOOD ACTION FLICK MW IS GOOD IN IT AND LIKE HIS MOVIE GIRLFRIEND
B001DHXT20|2.0|This movie PALES in comparison to the Ang Lee version.  Hulk does NOT look very good, and the fight scenes are so, so.  Get the FIRST one to see good visual effects.  The original is the superior movie BY FAR.
031606792X|5.0|This book is just as good as the other three. I don't know why all the critical reviews.  I actually thought the third book was rather slow.  Yea, I thought the name Renesmee was kind of wierd, but the book was entertaining!
0316096199|4.0|Like the Lovely Bones, I like Ms. Sebold's direct storytelling. I found this story very intense, then sad as she tried to struggle to return to \\"normalcy\\" in the face of adversity.
1416594884|5.0|I won't attempt a discussion of narrative or plot. Those and the characters in Le Carre's latest work are commented on in all the other reviews. Let me simply say that the writing is breathtaking, the combination of words sublime. No doubt other authors are as good. But for the moment I can't think of any.
B001AX9DT0|1.0|This is some imposter posing as Ray LaMontagne.  This is not the RL that I have come to know and love.  Free Ray LaMontagne!  He is being held captive somewhere and must be released so this phony baloney passing himself off as the master will be exposed for the fake that he is.
B0006N2EZ0|4.0|Stars fade, in time. But, at the summit of her talents and her popularity, Whitney Houston was simply untouchable, a singing phenom and, lord, was she lovely. Being so photogenic, it was a natural that she dip her toe into cinema. Whitney made her film acting debut in 1992's THE BODYGUARD, starring opposite Kevin Costner, who himself at the time was riding on a film career high, coming off [[ASIN:B00008PBZZ Dances with Wolves - Extended Cut (Two-Disc Collector's Edition)]] and [[ASIN:B0000CDL93 JFK - Director's Cut (Two-Disc Special Edition)]].<br /><br />Costner plays Frank Farmer, an ex-Secret Service agent who now hires out as a private bodyguard. Frank's vocation requires him to live a solitary, almost austere life. He doesn't stay too long at any one assignment for fear of forming attachments to the people he safeguards. Considered the best, Farmer is tapped to protect music and film superstar Rachel Marron, who is being relentlessly stalked. Farmer reluctantly takes on the gig and immediately clashes with the spirited and temperamental Rachel, who rails at the restrictions Farmer places on her lifestyle. And, because the long-proven cinematic formula dictates that the intensity of the leads' initial mutual dislike is adversely proportioned to how heated the romance becomes, well, the sparks fly brightly between the stoic bodyguard and the tempestuous diva.<br /><br />THE BODYGUARD, in 1992, was a box office moneymaker, undoubtedly helped by the spectacular soundtrack, but also because, in its own right, it's a decent thriller and an effective and bittersweet romantic story. The action sets are nice, my favorite being the \\"We won't talk about this again\\" kitchen discourse, although that was more of a one-way conversation from Frank. The hook is undeniably the prickly interaction between the two leads. I would think that a bodyguard, by necessity and by definition, would need to blend into the background. As such, Costner's bodyguard tends to be understated and very controlled. But every now and then, the actor's low key charisma does get a chance to leak out, as Farmer cracks a half-smile or three or makes the occasional straight-faced one-liner. And by having his character this impassive and guarded, Costner allows his female lead to shine. And Whitney's Rachel Marron certainly has that large personality.<br /><br />Casting Whitney Houston was a stroke of genius and luck. In that time and place, who better to play the most popular pop star than the real deal herself? I thought that Whitney was a natural on screen, although critics shaved points off because, supposedly, she was only playing herself. But do you think a non-singer could've pulled off the musical sequences with as much conviction and credibility? Whenever she sang, Whitney Houston was in her element, and I totally bought into it and, consequentially, everything else that came with the role. And, lest you think she's a one trick pony, she would show even more of her acting chops in [[ASIN:B00000ILEE Waiting to Exhale]] and [[ASIN:B000065V3J The Preacher's Wife]].<br /><br />There's this thing which Rachel's jerk of a manager tells Frank as he dresses him down: \\"I mean, look, she's so hot right now. This is her time. If she doesn't get out there, she's dead... If she doesn't sing, she's dead, anyway.\\" This, coming from a tool, nevertheless is a stark commentary on the ephemeral quality of stardom. THE BODYGUARD has lost a bit of its luster down the years as Whitney's star waned. Not because she suddenly sucked or anything, but her troubled personal life did get in the way of her performing and producing records (thanks a bunch, Bobby Brown!).<br /><br />And, since misery loves company, Kevin Costner, after a string of film successes, would soon churn out A PERFECT WORLD, THE WAR, and the career-crippling WATERWORLD (which I actually thought was a cool flick).<br /><br />The key song was originally going to be \\"What Becomes Of A Broken Heart?\\" And who knows what Whitney would've done with that torch song (but it would've been great). As it is, we instead end up getting the fabulous remake of Dolly Parton's \\"I Will Always Love You.\\" I eventually got sick of this song, because of the constant airplay, but I remember how well it framed the closing moments of the film.<br /><br />Another thing I dug: Costner's white, Houston's black. This wasn't even a factor in the movie. How cool is that?t Whitney would've done with that torch song (but it would've been great). As it is, we instead end up getting the fabulous remake of Dolly Parton's \\"I Will Always Love You.\\" I eventually got sick of this song, because of the constant airplay, but I remember how well it framed the closing moments of the film.<br /><br />Another thing I dug: Costner's white, Houston's black. This wasn't even a factor in the movie. How cool is that?
0374531269|5.0|Imagine, you live in a village; you know, the ones without electricity and plumbing? You get water from the river for your mother so she can cook dinner but, when you come back, the village is ablaze and everyone is running. Not just running in one direction but everywhere; screaming, yelling, falling down dead.<br /><br />This is what causes Ishmael Beah's childhood to be lost.<br /><br />Beah starts out as a quiet, peace-loving boy who suddenly is on the run from all the destruction and terror with his older brother, Junior, and some friends. After months of wandering on paths and in the forest, they come to a farm outside of a village. Beah finds out his family is in the village and as a group they start walking.  Then the rebels attack and his family is dead.<br /><br />Torn, tired, and angry, Beah will eventually lose everything he cared about; his family, his health (both mentally and physically), and almost his life. As a boy soldier recruited by the Sierra Leone Army he changes drastically. Drugs, energy stimulants, and other illegal acts (in the United States) cause him to kill without thinking, never even cringing at<br />the sight of death and basically causing him to feel almost inhuman.<br /><br />A LONG WAY GONE is Ishmael Beah's memoir based on his experiences and the tragic events of his life. I loved this book because it was a huge eye-opener about the war in Sierra Leone and how it affected everyone, even children. I also believe that everyone should read this book at least once in their life time. Maybe then people can help those who have become boy soldiers or anyone affected by a war. Maybe A LONG WAY GONE could change the world, make it a more peaceful place; that is what I hope can happen.<br /><br />Reviewed by:  Rachel - The Class
B00125WAWS|5.0|Came away from viewing this DVD with alot of concepts to think about.  Yes, very thought provoking.
031606792X|4.0|I found Breaking Dawn to be a pretty good book. It wasn't my favourite, but I still like it. I don't know why everyone is hating on it. It was still a good book!  *SPOILERS*    I like how Bella becomes a vampire and how you can see how it is to be one. I love the name \\"Renesmee\\" It isn't weird at all, I think it's very nice. It sounds a bit weird when you first hear it, but after reading it so many times in the book, it sounds a lot better.   I wish the fight scene at the end was a little more action-packed though. There was no actual fighting (Other than Bella internally fighting to keep the sheild up)    I also hope that during the next few books, Stephanie Myer explains in more detail why Renesmee grows so quickly.  Anyway, I can't wait for more! I love the Twilight saga!!!
0756404746|4.0|Ever since I read George R.R. Martin's \\"A Song of Ice and Fire\\" series I've had a hard time finding another fantasy book that was equally as good. While \\"The Name of the Wind\\" is nothing like Martin's books I can't help but notice some that are the same. Rothfusss has written a very detailed book that contains great dialogue, wonderful characters, and above all an amazing story.
0375842209|5.0|This novel is an eye opener about what life was like for Germans under Hitler during  WWII.  Clearly the Huberman family was extremely ordinary and yet wonderfully out of the ordinary at the same time. This ordinary German family had a son fighting on the Russian front while they simultaneously hid a Jew in their cellar.  The power of this book lies in its out of the ordinary perspective (as told by the grim reaper)about very ordinary people. And ordinary people can do exceptional things, accomplish extraordinary feats, and make one proud to be a member of the human race. Under Hitler, life was hell in Germany for many good Germans, too.  This powerful novel explores in depth the life of one of those remarkable families.  Like Bernhard Schlink's \\"The Reader,\\" \\"The book thief,\\" makes one rethink one's stereotypical image of the heartless, guilty Germans of WWII. It offers an explanation for why condeming an entire people for any reason is not acceptable. Good souls exist in all settings in virtually all times.
B00006SFLV|2.0|My So-Called Life was a good show. It portrayed teen angst well.  It was melodramatic at times, but so much better than most of the stuff teenagers get.  I think it's good that it ended when it did because it left viewers wanting more.  And that's a positive thing.  It was a slice of life.  It's only appropriate that the show have a short run.  I do think the finale could have used some work, though.  I didn't like the cliffhanger ending.  I don't think the mystery worked, mainly because it felt like the easy way out to leave it like that.    As for this box set, it served its purpose in 2002 and I appreciate that.  In 2008, though, there is a more sophisticated DVD set out there, with special features and everything.  It's cheaper too.  This one is obsolete.  Though I'm not sure if the other one has subtitles or not.    I gave this two stars because I would really advise fans to buy the new version.  I only wish I had.  It has special features and I imagine it must be packaged better.  This one is big enough to hold two or three VHS tapes.
B0011XW74W|5.0|Naomi Klein has written a book that should be required reading everywhere. For those that are interested in what really goes on this book says it all.   It is very important to see why earth shaking events help to create what we all end up living with.   I have recommended this book to all my friends both republican and democrat.
0525478183|5.0|This book was great, I love how John Green can write a funny and honest story, yet fill it with so much things that can make you think.   I love learning stuff from books, and as a teenager, I have to admit I never would have read Walt Whitman by myself, but thanks to this book, I found myself reading Leaves of Grass, and loving it!  It is a little slow in the middle, with Q obsessing over Margo, but overall I adored it!   I loved all the characters, like Q, Radar, Lacey, even Ben. I'm not sure if I like Margo, but since Q cared, I cared too.
B000026I8U|5.0|This CD is like a drug for me - 3 years later I can not stop listening it.  The more I listed to it the more I like it.  I shared it with a friend who is now hooked on Manu Chao - \\"His songs make me feel good\\".
0375826726|5.0|Read this one in short order as I could not put it down. Did not expect the change from triligy though. Now I have to wait a whole year for the last in the series. Someone needs to stand over that young man to keep him writing day and night to finish the last book post haste. Such a wonderful imaginary story - especially if you love dragons.
B0009S4IHY|3.0|The bad guys are really bad, and the good guys are<br />funny old guys? This makes for drunken kung fu master types<br />of humor with deadly consequences for the unsuspecting<br />hatchet killers? We find an army in black with suits, hatchets, guns  and top hats<br />against a dock worker type, a cook and tinker?<br />Typical of a gang, the leader takes it out on his own men for failing?<br />If you like martial arts and the language of subtitles doesn't bother you this is a pure fun movie.
B0002IU988|5.0|This CD was better then I thought it would be!  I heard of this CD but it is a great buy for anyone into rock music!!  It has a great blend of soft rock with hard rock in almost like a story through out the CD.  Great CD Alter Bridge!! I STRONGLY encourage any rock fan to buy this.
6305014140|4.0|This Anime has something that most anime's dont have... GANAS! Well rounded plot, with a few sub-plots passing through just to keep you interested. Major character development throughout the story and enough animated eye candy to interest even the staunchest skeptick. Watch the video and see for yourself why its one of the 100 best anime's ever done.
B001GAPC1K|5.0|I sat down to this one and cringed as I watched Robert Downey Jr, playing Tony Stark, start his comedy schtick (I knew that he would become \\"Iron Man\\").  But guess what . . . he pulled it off.  As Tony Stark (and Iron Man), Downey is quirky, consistent, and funny throughout.<br /><br />Great presentation of the Iron Man.  Powerful, yet with vulnerablities.  And with the offbeat Downey Jr suited up inside - funny.  Gwyneth Paltrow was causing smoke to pour out of my TV.  A nice comeback by Jeff Bridges.  Super special effects.<br /><br />Some violence etc, but no nudity or extreme profanity.  I would have no problem with a teen of mine watching this.<br /><br />Fun movie. Be sure to watch the extra scenes (deletions/edits) on the DVD.  Good stuff.  And the ending leaves the door wide open for \\"Iron Man 2\\".
B00005JLKN|4.0|The remake of Michael Mann's \\"Manhunter\\" and the second adaptation of Thomas Harris' novel of the same name is no dissapointment. THe film boasts more than exceptional acting, highly inquisitive writing and solid directing throughout. Let's break this down so you can truly see what I mean.<br /><br />The Acting: Edward Norton (Fight Club, American History X) stars as F.B.I. Special Agent Will Graham, and plays him perfectly. You would'nt want anyone else in the role as Norton fills it respectably as usual. The great Anthony Hopkins (Bram Stoker's Dracula) returns for the third time to the role which won him the Academy Award for Best Actor back in 1991 for Jonathan Demme's The Silence of the Lambs. He's perfect, as expected. The highlight of the show, however, is British actor Ralph Fiennes (Schindler's List) as psychotic, deranged killer Francis \\"The Tooth Fairy\\" Dolarhyde. Fiennes truly captures the psyche of a strange, not-all-there, psychotic yet compassionate freak perfectly. Other fine performances include Harvey Keitel (Bad Lieutenant, Pulp Fiction) as head investigator Jack Crawford and Emily Watson (Equilibrium) as Reba McClane, Dolarhyde's blind girlfriend.<br /><br />The Writing: Ted Tally's screenplay fits adequately when it comes to flow and thrils, as there are plenty of thrills. Tally won the Acadmey Award for Best Screenplay when he wrote The Silence of the Lambs and you can see why with another fine sampling of his work in Red Dragon.<br /><br />The Direction: Brett Ratner (Rush Hour series, X-Men: The Last Stand) takes an interesting step in his career with Red Dragon and impresses. Watching the features on the DVD let it be known that Ratner is an enthusiastic and lively man that did this picture good.<br /><br />The Features on the DVD where great for such a cheap price. They include an interview with a real-life criminal profiler just like Will Graham in the movie, an interview with none other than Anthony Hopkins on his defining role as Dr. Lecter, and a nice sort of \\"making-of\\" featurette that helps you learn a little about the cast and the writer and director.<br /><br />Overall-<br />The Film - ***/****<br />The DVD - **.5/****of\\" featurette that helps you learn a little about the cast and the writer and director.    Overall-  The Film - ***/****  The DVD - **.5/****
0439023483|5.0|I really liked this book. It kept be interested the whole time. Lots of action!
B0019T9FL6|1.0|Only the tile song has any energy.  The rest of the CD is boring.
0375826726|5.0|I loved this book. I wish I didn't read it so quickly though. It is a good thing that Christopher is making another book to the Inheritance cycle. I don't know what I'll do for fun reading once I finish reading that one though. Once you start reading, it's terribly difficult to put this book down.
B001F2W4Y2|5.0|Objectively speaking, \\"Black Ice\\" is the best AC/DC album with Brian Johnson, whose vocals here are topnotch. Many \\"reviewers\\" say there's filler among the 15 songs, but none select the same tunes as \\"padding\\" tracks. So which are filler and which aren't? By the way, the second best AC/DC album with Johnson is \\"Flick of the Switch,\\" objectively speaking.
B000002WU9|5.0|WHO ARE THESE PEOPLE TALKING SILLY.        THIS IS A CLASSIC LIKE NO OTHER!    DROPED OVER TEN YEARS AGO , THIS ABLUM    IS STILL CONSISTENT IN ALL MY PLAYERS
034544678X|5.0|This book was enjoyable to read, really discussed the issues of dog thinking in an balanced way and with backup bits of information (not just the this-way-is-the-truth).  She brings in scientific research and discusses how it applies and how it doesn't.  Her stories are touching, her passion for dogs is clear, and while I'm not sure I really get all the details and could do those moves at the right time, understanding is a great help.  I highly recommend this book, although as another reviewer said, by itself it isn't going to help at all with training, nor does it go into detail on how to handle the various puppy stages or how to pick the perfect puppy for you.  This book is a starting guide, before you get a dog, so you understand the why and details behind the advice in the training books and why it's important.
B000Z6MIQS|5.0|I really like this new effort from Simple Plan!  I like their prior CDs, but this one shows a new direction.  The angst is still there, only a little more mature.  The music is infectious...I find myself humming the tunes frequently.  Sure, it's not exactly like the former CDS, but wouldn't we all get bored with the same old stuff?  Bravo to the band for taking a huge chance and succeeding.  It's great!
B00005JKHP|4.0|Timing is everything.<br /><br />The snarls and delays in getting the screenplay from paper to film made the journey for this picture very difficult; there was this \\"little\\" movie made - Star Wars - that revolutionized the Sci-Fi genre and placed a heavy premium on visual effects.<br /><br />So, what appeared to be a trade-off with a major part of the Star Trek TV series - the dialogue of the actors - was jettisoned for visuals that looked impressive, but looked to be playing catch-up to Darth and his pals.<br /><br />The Director's Cut shows what should have been and is a very satisfying mixture of visuals and the personal touch by the cast. This is where the motion picture journey should have began and it was well worth the wait.
B000UNYJXQ|5.0|It is probably difficult for many people to like Michael Moore in anything after some of the junk he has produced in the past.  However,  setting that aside,  I think ALL OF US in America should watch his new DVD, \\"Sicko\\".  It is a shame that so many people of this great land do not have health insurance when we claim to be the greatest nation on earth.  For the cost of 2 days of the war in Iraq there could be health insurance for every American.  Moore takes you into possibilities and opportunities thrown away by our politicians to help its citizens on this matter.  He discussess all of the excuses Washington and the White House makes for the non socialism of medicine in this country.  For the most part,  the documentary is well done except in a few parts.  One is,  no matter what the reason,  he should never have endangered the lives of the folks (in his craft) by approaching Guantanamo Bay Military Base for any reason.  Military bases operate under strict regulations and are no place to petition  anything.  I enjoyed very much learning about Cuba and other lands which have full health coverage for all of their citizens.  What is it now, almost 50 years since we have seen live feeds from that island.  Yes, he does have a few fudge factors to help his plea,  but for the most part, surprisingly he is accurate on data. For personal taste and importance of this movie,  Moore surely could have thought of a much more appropriate title,  but who knows why he does these things.  guyairey
B000VDDDY6|5.0|This is an outstanding set that includes the 29 episodes from 1966 and a number of excellent special features, including interviews with the cast and producers and 1988 footage of Gene Roddenberry.<br /><br />The meticulous remastering enhances each show and bolsters what has made the program an icon in TV pop culture icon, the wonderful storytelling and dialogue which propels the action. This is truly viewing the original in a while new light.
0805211063|4.0|Franz Kafka is rightly regarded as one of the great writers of the 20th century.  His relatively few works have been reviewed and studied ad infinitum, so it may seem rather pointless for me to write yet another review.<br /><br />But I must confess to a personal bias:  Kafka is one of the handful of writers that I can read over and over again, especially his shorter stories.  His novels, such as The Castle, are harder going.  Complex sentences make the reader focus on the words and the meaning of phrases.  It is a bit like savouring the flavours and textures of a delicious meal - not like Homer Simpson wolfing down his food.<br /><br />The Castle was unfinished when Kafka died.  The first edition published in 1927 was finished by the editor based on prior discussions with Kafka.<br /><br />\\"K,\\" the principal character in the book, arrives as a stranger in the village below the Castle to take up an official position as Land Surveyor for the region.  But he faces an illogical sequence of events and fearful uncertainty, pushed and pulled by the mysterious, all-powerful officials in the Castle that prevent him from either knowing his duties or even taking them up.  He never gets to meet the officials who appointed him, but even his contacts with their subordinates is through ambiguous intermediaries.<br /><br />Moreover, as a stranger in the village, K also faces the petty enmities and opposition of the villagers that increase his isolation and provide a sub-text to the main themes - or, as K would say - is it actually the main theme?  These kinds of contradictions recur frequently throughout the narrative.<br /><br />On a more fundamental level the story is one of human isolation, of man's quest for freedom and validation.  That is the uplifting part.  But there is a deep pessimism in the book as well.  Everything that K attempts seems to fail.  The mysterious Castle seems to emerge triumphant in every encounter.<br /><br />The world has changed immensely since \\"The Castle\\" was written early in the 20th century.  But Kafka deals with themes that are still with us - and which, in fact, may have become more relevant today.<br /><br />Governments and bureaucracies still oppress the powerless.  Life is still subject to the caprices of fate and officialdom that form central themes in this book.  We still encounter pettiness as well as nobility of humanity in our individual lives.<br /><br />It is not so much the broad story line that fascinates me in this book (although the reader does want to know the ultimate fate of K), but rather the flow of words and the imagery that they conjure up as one reads.  In fact, you can enjoy short passages almost as stand-alone stories.<br /><br />The Castle is a deeply provocative book for readers who care to reflect on the universalities of the human condition and the universalities of bureaucratic desires to control the citizenry.astle\\" was written early in the 20th century.  But Kafka deals with themes that are still with us - and which, in fact, may have become more relevant today.<br /><br />Governments and bureaucracies still oppress the powerless.  Life is still subject to the caprices of fate and officialdom that form central themes in this book.  We still encounter pettiness as well as nobility of humanity in our individual lives.<br /><br />It is not so much the broad story line that fascinates me in this book (although the reader does want to know the ultimate fate of K), but rather the flow of words and the imagery that they conjure up as one reads.  In fact, you can enjoy short passages almost as stand-alone stories.<br /><br />The Castle is a deeply provocative book for readers who care to reflect on the universalities of the human condition and the universalities of bureaucratic desires to control the citizenry.
B0007WYFHU|5.0|At heart Roy's book is about true love thwarted by family and society. Set in the state of Kerala on the rain-soaked coast of the Indian peninsula, Ammu, an independent woman from a good family, and Velutha, an enterprising man belonging to the \\"untouchable\\" caste have a short, intense love affair that ends in tragedy. India's ancient caste system (the god of big things, the law of who may love whom) destroys their relationship (the god of small things).     Roy takes the story further and shows how caste-based bias overwhelms reason and humanity when a small-town communist party boss conspires with a brutal conniving police chief and an embittered family to avenge the lovers' \\"crimes\\" against convention. As might be expected, the hypocritical acts of authority make things worse.    Roy balances the joy of a tender love affair against the grim fate of women in a male-dominated society. As a young woman Ammu fled a tyrannical wife-beating father into a marriage of convenience. Her impulsively chosen husband, at first looked like a passport out of hell. He soon turned out to be an abusive alcoholic who tried to sell his wife into prostitution. The failed union leaves her burdened and blessed with inseparable twins, a girl Rahel, and a boy Estha who seem to share one mind. After divorce Ammu returns to an unwelcoming family. Her mother, psychologically crippled from her spouse's abuse, has no patience for a woman who would leave her husband. Ammu's brother Chacko, is brilliant scholar and a melancholy male chauvenist, who was rejected by his English wife after she realized he required a maid, and a mother more than needed a wife. Finally, Ammu is despised by a bitter, dried-out aunt who had the bad judgement to lust unsuccessfully after a Jesuit priest turned Hindu ascetic.     The twins are cynically implicated in the destruction of Ammu's affair with Velutha. Ammu is cast out of the family. Rahel and Estha are cruelly separated. Eventually, Rahel marries and then leaves an American husband because she cannot love him. Estha retreats into solitary silence. In a final bitter-sweet note of redemption the twins reunite as adults and console each other - \\"emptiness and quietness stacked together.\\"    The theme of ill-fated lovers is commonplace. Those who dare to cross ingrained lines of prejudice, whether of tribal membership, wealth, skin color, education, etc. suffer the consequences. Ammu and Velutha are like Juliet and Romeo - they pay dearly for their brief moments of happiness. The reference to Shakespeare's tragedy fits the story. Roy sprinkles her tale with allusions to his plays and the works of other English writers, such as Kipling (The Jungle Books) and Joseph Conrad (The Heart of Darkness). She stitches the themes and styles from these sources in a colorful patchwork. The book's power comes from the contrasting of pity for lover's tragedy, the children's imaginative and playful delight in their world, and the evil savagery committed in the name of  justice.    Much of the book is narrated by Rahel, first as a grief-stricken adult, and then in the voice of a child reliving her mother's unhappy marriage, divorce, love affair, and punishment. The core of the story is a period of two weeks in which the love affair took root, flourished, and died. As memory jumps unexpectedly from one thought to another, so does the narrative thread zig-zag years back and forth across time from Rahel's childhood, to her adulthood, and across place including India, England, and America. Like guests at a dinner who sometimes interrupt with their own stories, Roy allows other characters to speak, including the chauvenist brother, the abused mother, the bitter aunt, the communist party boss and the police chief.    Roy seems to say that  \\"small\\" unhappy marriages mirrors India's historical \\"big\\" unhappy misalliances with other countries. Foremost is the oppression that India experienced under the British empire. The Chinese communists brought violent and fruitless revolution. Western industrialization brought economic and ecological devastation. Through history India's partners took what they could, but left untouched its poverty, illiteracy, and caste-prejudice.    The constant changes of time, place, and voice may puzzle some readers. It helps to read the first chapter carefully once or twice before going on with rest of the book. The first chapter lays out the kernel of the story in broad strokes and the following chapters layer on detail - like peeling an onion in reverse. Like the monsoon rains that drench Kerala, this book will move you to tears. It is beautiful and well worth reading.
B0017R5UAA|5.0|Fleet Foxes deliver a sound and lyrics that are complex and completely listenable.  Great harmonies along with a musical styling that sets them apart from most of todays music. Just a great, great album.
0198534469|5.0|I am only half way through this book but have already learned more from it than any other math book.     The writing is great.  Clear but interesting.  A little history. Lot's of illustrations.  But the big pay off is the mind-blowing knowledge that Needham is so cleverly revealing,   This is a masterpiece, a great symphony.  It has changed my world.
B000P12LWY|4.0|Passionate, exciting, spellbinding, and beautiful are all superlatives that do not do justice to this series.  Henry is a true lion of the Tudor Dynasty - sexual, powerful, and cruel.  He elicits admiration and fear from all he touches, and even those who veiw him on the small screen.  The stories are well acted and hard to leave.      If you only have time for thrity minutes of viewing, save this for later, because you will want to watch the entire first season at once, it is so compelling.      The only flaw in this production is that it is not completely accurate historically.  As a scholar of the Tudor and especially Elizabethan period these inaccuracies are noticable, but not enough so to be distractable in any way.  The entire feeling or atmosphere of the period is as I have always pictured it - excessive for the wealthy and spoiled, desparate for the others, and totally insecure for all but the highest in the land!    Excellent job!!  Enjoy!
B001C08RHA|4.0|Batman and Spider-Man beware: there's a new hero in town and though he may not have all those \\"wonderful toys\\" or be able to throw sticky webs, he's packing a serious arsenal.  Born from the imaginations of Stan Lee and Larry Lieber and penciled by artists Don Heck and Jack Kirby in 1963, \\"Iron Man\\" is the second Marvel Comic hero come to life on the big screen this year.  Boasting big names (Robert Downey Jr, Gwyneth Paltrow, Jeff Bridges, Terrence Howard) and even bigger visual effects to boot (courtesy of the illustrious Industrial Light and Magic), \\"Iron Man\\" was the box office grand slam of late spring 2008 and upon viewing it's easy to see why.<br /><br />The film doesn't waste much time before it jumps right into the action and gives us a keen character establishment of its main man.  Tony Stark (Downey Jr) is a man made rich off his father's munitions business of Stark Industries and lives rather recklessly as a result, cavorting about the world in private jets and expensive cars, bedding beautiful women and drinking at all hours of the day.  Beneath a seemingly spoiled rich boy exterior lies an astounding brain for engineering, Stark's company reaching new and glorious heights with his brilliant fabrications of innovative and powerful weapons for the US military.  When he travels to Afghanistan for a dramatic unveiling of his new \\"Jericho\\" missile, his small convoy is ambushed and he is taken prisoner by Afghan radicals.  Rigging his heart to a device that would mean certain death if he dismantled it, they order him to replicate the Jericho missile for their own purposes in exchange for his release.  Knowing he's a dead man no matter whether he accepts or refuses the terms, Tony sets to work on his greatest design yet, something that brings meaning to the saying \\"necessity is the mother of invention\\".  Breaking free from a desert cave in a colossal suit made of metal, Stark blasts the baddies and returns home to America with a renewed perspective, determined to veer off his long course of war profiteering.<br /><br />Something's afoot however and Stark encounters a curious amount of resistance to his plan from business partner Obadiah Stane (Bridges).  While the fragments of truth slowly piece together, Stark perfects his original design and with the help of his loyal assistant Pepper Potts (Paltrow) keeps the project hush-hush while testing its limitations and using its power to right the many wrongs that Stark Industries has caused.<br /><br />Being a comic book adaptation, you can expect some impressive visual effects from \\"Iron Man\\" and you get them in spades.  Not only do we see the streamlined red and gold suit in CGI but some of the fun parts are watching Stark piece it together in his vast workshop as well as test its radical capabilities (he gets comically blown into the wall more than once testing its rocket thrusters).  No greater magic can be felt than when a superhero takes flight and there are plenty of heartracing aerial stunts that have Iron Man soaring far and wide through the clouds and the stars, as well as taking treacherous falls from thousands of feet back to Earth.  The mere concept and engineering of the suit will get some mental gears turning, for in this age of rampant and advancing technology one can only wonder whether such a wondrous contraption is conceivable.<br /><br />Downey Jr. is the man of the hour as Tony Stark/Iron Man, the 43-year old actor relishing the extravagant playboy persona of his character and excelling in the dramatic scenes where Stark sees the cause and effect of his profession.  He also made a figurative iron man of himself, sculpting his body with vigorous weight training (five days a week) and martial arts.  He is a literal phoenix of the entertainment industry, risen from the ashes of drug abuse and bad press to come back full swing and win over audiences and jaded film critics once again.<br /><br />Also noteworthy is Bridges as the villanous Obadiah Stane, rendered almost unrecognizable with his bald head and full salt-and-pepper beard.  He takes to his bad guy role quite well and doesn't disappoint in his climactic battle with Stark.<br /><br />Paltrow, a critical darling and a great actress, is an odd choice for the role of Pepper Potts, her stiff performance going right along with her stiff traipsing in all those tight, restrictive skirts and stilettos she wears.  Her scenes with Downey Jr. where they are playfully bantering are engaging but when portraying terror, she falls flat.  Why she was chosen for this role is anyone's guess.  Another waste of talent is Terrence Howard as Rhodey, Stark's close friend and confidante.  Howard can act the hell out of a dramatic role (just watch \\"Crash\\" and \\"Hustle & Flow\\" and you'll see what I'm talking about) but nary a hint of his capabilities is revealed here, another headscratcher of a casting choice.<br /><br />Director Jon Favreau (an actor turned director) does an admirable job in the driver's seat with this big-budget feature ($140 million), recouping the cost and them some when the film made over $300 million domestically.  He has already signed on for a sequel, as have Downey Jr. and Paltrow.  It will be interesting to see whether he can be on par with or surpass Sam Raimi's \\"Spider-Man\\" juggernaut.<br /><br />Bottom line: Be you an action movie fan or a lover of superhero fables, \\"Iron Man\\" will entertain you in more ways than one with its non-stop action, engaging story and charismatic performance from Robert Downey Jr.s bald head and full salt-and-pepper beard.  He takes to his bad guy role quite well and doesn't disappoint in his climactic battle with Stark.      Paltrow, a critical darling and a great actress, is an odd choice for the role of Pepper Potts, her stiff performance going right along with her stiff traipsing in all those tight, restrictive skirts and stilettos she wears.  Her scenes with Downey Jr. where they are playfully bantering are engaging but when portraying terror, she falls flat.  Why she was chosen for this role is anyone's guess.  Another waste of talent is Terrence Howard as Rhodey, Stark's close friend and confidante.  Howard can act the hell out of a dramatic role (just watch \\"Crash\\" and \\"Hustle & Flow\\" and you'll see what I'm talking about) but nary a hint of his capabilities is revealed here, another headscratcher of a casting choice.      Director Jon Favreau (an actor turned director) does an admirable job in the driver's seat with this big-budget feature ($140 million), recouping the cost and them some when the film made over $300 million domestically.  He has already signed on for a sequel, as have Downey Jr. and Paltrow.  It will be interesting to see whether he can be on par with or surpass Sam Raimi's \\"Spider-Man\\" juggernaut.       Bottom line: Be you an action movie fan or a lover of superhero fables, \\"Iron Man\\" will entertain you in more ways than one with its non-stop action, engaging story and charismatic performance from Robert Downey Jr.
B0018O4YT0|5.0|This movie is my favorite of all time; however Keifer Sutherland's spilling of the beans within the first two minutes was always devastating to me.  So, if you are a fan of the movie, then your number one question regarding the director's cut should be, \\"it there a voice over?\\" and the answer is, thank goodness, \\"No!!\\"
6304712944|5.0|Camelot (Special Edition).....Well what can I say, I loved it, The music was beautiful. The only draw back was I wish it was in full screen. But I thought it was done beautifully.
B000N4SADC|4.0|What an unusual CD this is. If this were an LP and you randomly dropped the needle on it, you might well think you had a smooth jazz piano trio (the nadir of music), a funk-fusion blowout, a progressive rock complexity fest, or a free jazz exploration. To make matters more interesting, these things all might happen within one song. I could wish for more deep feeling in the soloing, rather than intellectual gymnastics, but the spin-the-radio-dial stylistic approach makes its own kind of entertainment. And the complexity and technical challenge of the playing on several songs is astonishing--the sort of thing that can keep you coming back again and again just to try and figure out how they're doing it without tangling their fingers into knots.    My one real complaint is the recording, which sucks every ounce of life out of the music. Being a Telarc disc, they make much of the equipment used to record it, and that might lead you to think this is a purist recording. But there is no natural resonance to any instrument or any sense of the space they recorded in. The acoustics are more dead than anything I've heard in years, and the instruments all sound like miniatures stuffed with cotton. I know there's a bass in this band because it says so in the CD booklet, but you'd never know from listening to the recording. The bass and bass drum are completely missing in action (though, oddly, the synthesizer bass is plenty full), the drums sound like toys, the cymbals have been compressed into oblivion, and the guitar sounds like a kazoo. The piano fares better, but the whole thing would be much more exciting and meaningful if the instruments were allowed to breath and interact--and interaction is the heart of music, particularly jazz. Listen to some of the YouTube videos of Hiromi and her band, and you'll see what I mean. The sound on those is in some ways technically less clean and accurate than this, but there is real excitement to the sound, real power in the playing, and that's choked off here.
B0019T9FL6|3.0|This album is okay to me.  I mainly like the single \\"Spotlight\\" Couple tracks are okay.  Not feeling the whole album.
0385338724|3.0|\\"Remember Me,\\" by Sophie Kinsella, is a breezy read that you can finish in one sitting.  I was looking forward to this book because I enjoyed the Shopaholic series and her other books.  But, I don't think that this book was as good as her others'.      ***SPOILERS AHEAD***                      I found the premise of this book lacking.  I mean, sure, to get into it, you have to accept the premise that Lexi wakes up from a coma suddenly rich, with a high-powered career and gorgeous husband. But she spends most of the book going on and on about her palatial home and gorgeous husband--to the point that her choice to leave her high-powered husband, Eric, for architect Jon feel inauthentic.      The minor characters in this book are all over the place.  You never really get why the sister is always in trouble or the mother is so repressed.  Their characters are not really fleshed out and don't contribute at all to the plot.    I was also disappointed that Lexi did not regain her memory in full at the end of the book.      Overall, I thought it was an enjoyable read, but flat compared to her other novels.
B000YABIQ6|5.0|We are hooked on the second season - but had never seen the first.  This is a MUST SEE television series. We are so happy the DVD was available.  We haven't watched the whole set yet - just savoring one or two episodes a week, along with the new shows.
B0008ENICU|5.0|This is one of the all-time great showcases for the top actresses of the 1930s.  It's written by Claire Booth Luce, and the crackling dialogue & energetic plot are maximized by the direction of George Cukor.  Such a good movie.
B00006AW2M|3.0|The Rolling Stones-Their Stanic Majesties Request ***<br /><br />It has long been compared to and said to be the Rolling Stones answer to The Beatles Srg. Pepper. I don't see it at all. For one this is much, much darker than that of Pepper and the only real comparison is that of the psychedelic factor. Really I feel that this was just Brian Jones way of fighting back for the power over the band which he once controlled and Their Satanic... is his last attempt. How else to you explain the abundance of odd instrumentation?<br /><br />For me personally that is the only thing of merit on this album. Brian Jones  plays nearly everything under the sun (well he would have had he been able to. A true musical genius he was. Weird time signatures and production help to add to the mystique of the album, but other than that there really isn't much to praise.<br /><br />'2000 Light Years From Home' is the albums focal point. Easily the strongest track on the album. An epic if you will with fantasy lyrics and some out of this world (no pun intended) instrumentation. 'She's A Rainbow' is also decent and managed to become a hit for The Stones. I however have never been a big fan of the song other than the nice piano in the mix. The rest of the album is forgettable or flat out awful. 'Sing This All Together' both parts, are just horrible and almost impossible to listen to all the way.<br /><br />Their Satanic Majesties Request is not among the Rolling Stones greatest albums and it is not one that should be recommended. If your a completest go for it but proceed with caution.
0446579939|5.0|Nicholas Sparks is such a great writer.  I've enjoyed each and every book that he has written and have seen the movies.  Am going to see Nights in Rodanthe this week and cannot wait to see it.
B001F2W4Y2|5.0|AC/DC-Black Ice *****<br /><br />The boys are back in town...Oh yes, yes they are! Black Ice is AC/DC's finest album since For Those About To Rock. They have made some great albums in between but none like this. In their career I think the have made three five star albums in [[ASIN:B000089RV6 Back in Black]], [[ASIN:B00008WT5C Let There Be Rock]], and now all these years later with Black Ice.<br /><br />First and foremost, Brian Johnson has NEVER, and I mean NEVER sounded so fantastic. His vocals are clear and crisp, recorded in the middle of the mix instead of the front, and have that signature screech. Point is Johnson kills here.<br /><br />Malcolm and Angus play some of the best guitar riffs of their careers. I found myself reaching for my Gibson SG ever time a new song would start. Rudd and Williams play that classic 4/4 groove that AC/DC is known for and have perfected over the years. Rudd makes Charlie Watts of The Rolling Stones look like Dave Lombardo of Slayer because of his restraints. I Love It.<br /><br />'Rock N' Roll Train' 'War Machine' 'Money Made' and the title track are among some of the strongest in the groups killer career. The rest of the album is full of stellar performances as well.<br /><br />While Black Ice might not be AC/DC's greatest album of all time, it is damn close.
032147404X|5.0|I totally LOVE this book - a recommendation when I started photography with my D80. I learned lots of tips from Scott to get me going. My lifesaver, when I went travelling - couldn't have survived without it!
0780626966|5.0|You really can't go wrong with this one. If you are a fan of the Freddy movies then you will really enjoy this set. It has all the movies up to \\"New Nightmare\\", each movie has special features, it comes with a nice book with info on all the movies, an extra DVD with more special features, and 2 pairs of 3D glasses. Two thumbs up!
1594481717|2.0|Met de subtitel Moving from the Information Age to the Conceptual Age en een aanbeveling van Wired 'Why right-brainers will rule the future' en aanbevelingen op de achterflap van Tom Peters, Po Bronson en Seth Godin die de auteur onder meer positioneren als wonderdoener en 'Copernicus for the brave new age' worden enorme verwachtingen gewekt en kritische antennes geactiveerd. Een boek dat inmiddels in de VS in de 8e hedruk zit en gewoon erg populair is, moet toch wat te bieden hebben?<br /><br />En ja, dat klopt. In de lijn van simplificaties en hapklare brokken als The World is Flat en de boeken van Covey past A Whole New Mind perfect in de tijdgeest, waar we opnieuw zoeken naar houvast in een turbulente wereld. En dus zijn de platmakers van Friedman gereduceerd tot een drietal verschijnselen Abundance, Asia en Automation bij Pink. Als je geen toegevoegde waarde hebt ten opzichte van al die andere aanbieders, veel goedkopere vakbroeders in China en India en je werk minstens net zo goed door een computer gedaan kan worden, dan zit je binnenkort werkloos toe te kijken. Tenzij, tenzij je 6 nieuwe zintuigen ontwikkeld die je eigen, bevredigende plek in de wereld geven:<br />1. Design (weg met alleen een functionele blik op middelen, schoonheid van ontwerp geeft meerwaarde)<br />2. Story (een goed verhaal bij een persoon of product verkoopt gewoon beter)<br />3. Symphony (alles heeft een context, overzie het geheel, focus niet op een detail)<br />4. Empathy (voelen wat de ander voelt)<br />5. Play (leve de gamers!)<br />6. Meaning (logisch slotakkoord, wat is het doel van wat je doet? Geef je leven betekenis en richting)<br /><br />Naast veel betekenisvolle woorden, punten om over na te denken, bevat Pinks boek ook veel zwakke plekken. Waar hij zelf een verdeling zoekt in 'meer linker hersenhelft gericht' en 'meer rechter hersenhelft gericht', oog heeft voor het complementaire van onze hersenhelften en in het begin van het boek nog pleit voor een 'volledig gebruik van de hersenen', gaan diverse voorbeelden, te beginnen met de Wired aanbeveling op de voorkant met te stringent links/rechts en daarmee bij herhaling aardig/veel beter implicerend, de mist in. Wanneer ouders hun kinderen liever artiest laten worden dan wiskundige, ziet Pink dat als bevestiging van zijn argumenten, terwijl het juist wel 'links' georinteerd zijn van de tienduizenden jaarlijks in India en China in exacte vakken, Informatie e.d. afstuderende jongeren een bedreiging vormen die je niet alleen met de 6 zintuigen kunt opvangen. Sterker: wat moet je als meester in de genoemde 6 zintuigen, als er geen voedsel wordt bereid, geen wegen worden aangelegd, geen veilige auto's worden geproduceerd, geen huizen worden gebouwd, etc.? Anders gesteld: dit boek gaat volledig voorbij aan de samenleving, het milieu, de grote uitdagingen die de wereld zich gesteld ziet, zoals bijvoorbeeld Planeet India wel durft aan te snijden.<br /><br />Pink husselt slim wat herkenbare thema's als Flow, Emotional Intelligence, storytelling, hersenonderzoek, spiritualiteit (waarbij alle uitingen, behalve christelijk geloof hip zijn), zelfhulpboeken en testjes tot een eigen mix, waarbij de rode draad immaterieel lijkt te zijn. Op de laatste pagina ontkracht Pink dit echter rigoreus: \\"China and India are becoming economic behemoths. Material abundance in the advanced world continues to grow. That mean that the greatest rewards will go to those who move fast. The first group of people who develop a whole new mind, who master high-concept and high-touch abilities, will do extremely well. The rest - those who move slowly or not at all - may miss out or, worse, suffer.\\" Dus toch welvaart als maatstaf voor succes en een afstandelijk 'jammer dan' voor degenen die niet zo snel mee kunnen komen: kort Amerikaans!e beginnen met de Wired aanbeveling op de voorkant met te stringent links/rechts en daarmee bij herhaling aardig/veel beter implicerend, de mist in. Wanneer ouders hun kinderen liever artiest laten worden dan wiskundige, ziet Pink dat als bevestiging van zijn argumenten, terwijl het juist wel 'links' georinteerd zijn van de tienduizenden jaarlijks in India en China in exacte vakken, Informatie e.d. afstuderende jongeren een bedreiging vormen die je niet alleen met de 6 zintuigen kunt opvangen. Sterker: wat moet je als meester in de genoemde 6 zintuigen, als er geen voedsel wordt bereid, geen wegen worden aangelegd, geen veilige auto's worden geproduceerd, geen huizen worden gebouwd, etc.? Anders gesteld: dit boek gaat volledig voorbij aan de samenleving, het milieu, de grote uitdagingen die de wereld zich gesteld ziet, zoals bijvoorbeeld Planeet India wel durft aan te snijden.    Pink husselt slim wat herkenbare thema's als Flow, Emotional Intelligence, storytelling, hersenonderzoek, spiritualiteit (waarbij alle uitingen, behalve christelijk geloof hip zijn), zelfhulpboeken en testjes tot een eigen mix, waarbij de rode draad immaterieel lijkt te zijn. Op de laatste pagina ontkracht Pink dit echter rigoreus: \\"China and India are becoming economic behemoths. Material abundance in the advanced world continues to grow. That mean that the greatest rewards will go to those who move fast. The first group of people who develop a whole new mind, who master high-concept and high-touch abilities, will do extremely well. The rest - those who move slowly or not at all - may miss out or, worse, suffer.\\" Dus toch welvaart als maatstaf voor succes en een afstandelijk 'jammer dan' voor degenen die niet zo snel mee kunnen komen: kort Amerikaans!
0060763280|5.0|This book is a common sense and user-friendly approach to identifying and changing self-sabotaging behaviors at their core.  I suggest it whole heartedly and I will be having all employees read it as mandatory reading.
B0015D3Z4O|1.0|Madonna when Justin calls you again, don't answer.    Madonna is the only good thing about this album. The music is horrible. It has no depth and it sounds like a computer. I know a lot of artists use computers to create different sounds and rhythms. I also know that the challenge is to make it sound like it's not being done by a computer. The team of people working with Madonna on Hard Candy failed horribly. The production is distracting when Madonna shines. Madonna's vocals are not on the same page as the laughable \\"music\\" behind her fumbles on.    Timbaland, Justin Timberlake, Pharrell Williams, and Nate \\"Danja\\" Hills - how could this album have been anything but bad? Madonna would have had better luck teaming up with a toaster.     It's really unfortunate because Confessions was really well crafted.
B000QQH4YS|5.0|Back in 1987, I was a fresh High School graduate who already had a vast knowledge of modern day cinema within the Horror and Science Fiction fields. But in that same year I had heard through the grapevine that the company that had released the classic The Terminator was about to unleash another robotic film but with a character on the good side of the Law. And it's title was Robocop. Robocop? Man that sounds corny, my younger self thought. That is until I saw the teaser poster of this half man/half machine getting out of his squadcar, and after that I couldn't wait to see if this film could rival what Orion Pictures accomplished three years earlier with the shaded Arnold.<br /><br />I was not disapointed.<br /><br />To put it simply, Robocop was a masterpiece of late 80's Sci-Fi filmmaking. Directed by Paul Verhoeven, at the time an obscure foreign director with a few cult classics under his belt, and starring Peter Weller, who already had an underground classic Sci-Fi film \\"Buckaroo Banzai Across The 8th Dimension\\" on his resume, Robocop features Weller as Officer Alex Murphy, a family-man Detroit cop who thanks to the corruption of a weak police force now owned by an evil corporation by the name of OCP, gets gunned down and killed during the line of duty. However, OCP has been toying with the idea of using robotic ways to rule over crime, but with disastrous results in the machine ED-209 created by OCP executive Dick Jones (a surprisingly casted Ronny Cox). But up-and-comer Bob Morton (Miguel Ferrer) feels his design of half-man/half machine might work better for the project, and since when Murphy joined the force signed all his rights over to OCP, and was already dead, to make him the project's first creation. And thus RoboCop was born. Along the way Robo stops crime dead in it's path, becomes self-aware of the life that is now no longer his, runs into the gang that killed him in the first place, and tries to end the hidden conspiracy within OCP once and for all.<br /><br />Where The Terminator successfully gave us an 80's robot film, it had no heart and soul like the one provided in RoboCop. Murphy/Robo is a hero, full of tangled emotions and an obsession of upholding the Law. Sprinkled throughout is a wonderful sense of humor that it seemed only Verhoeven could provide at the time. There truly isn't one part of Robocop that drags or lets you down. From it's funny modern-day News inserts to it's parodying of it's own Reagan-era greed, Robocop is one film that never gets old and after twenty-years still holds up to today, all without any use of CGI through the special effects of Matte Paintings, Costumes, and Stop-Motion Animation. It's been on DVD several times, through companies like Criterion and MGM, but for it's Twentieth Anniversary MGM pulled out all the stops with an edition that blows away any one before it (including Criterion).<br /><br />Originally housed in a Steelbook casing (current versions come in a standard keep-case with booklet and middle leaf), Robocop 20th Anniversary is a two-disc set featuring two complete versions of the movie, the theatrical and the directors cut extended. To be honest, the difference in time between the two is less than 30 seconds. But within those lost pieces are even more violent graphicness that Verhoeven couldn't get away with the MPAA at the time. It's surprising he got away with what he did because either way, Robocop is one bloody thrill ride. Strangely though, MGM decided to put the theatrical on one disc and the extended on the other, which for a disc released in 2007 seems excessive thanks to modern-day DVD branching that could of had both versions on the same disc. Because of this, it's special features are spread between the two, but these features are definitely worth the purchase alone, and I'm happy to switch discs to see them all. Along with a new entertaining commentary with the crew (a different recording than used on Criterion's), RoboCop 20th also has over twelve new and old featurettes totalling over two hours long. Along with two original 1987 port-over behind-the-scenes & featurettes, four deleted scenes (shot on video for dumping to film as more News inserts), there's also five 2007 new featurettes ranging from a wonderful reflection of making the movie, a great combined interview of the bad guys of the film, and a quaint look-back of how all the now-outdated matte painting and stop-motion effects were created by the original artists today. These alone make this version truly the only version to own. Interviews with Paul Verhoeven, Kurtwood Smith, Ronny Cox, Miguel Ferrer, Ray Wise, and Robocop himself Peter Weller give great and insightful details what it was like being on this set. Not to mention that this version's print is even more remastered than what Criterion or MGM has provided in the past. Skin-tones and black levels have never looked better, all while retaining it's grainy mid-80's filmstock look. Audio is provided in a variety of ways including the original 4.0 mix and a new 5.1 both standard and DTS. In fact, for those that have jumped on the Blu-Ray bandwagon consider that the BD version only has the extended version, the commentary, and a trailer leaving all these great featurettes behind, so if that shouldn't be against the Law, nothing is.<br /><br />In conclusion, Robocop 20th Anniversary is a must own for Sci-Fi/Action fans of any age. An amazing and original story with some of the best practical special effects ever captured on film, it will entertain future generations to come. While the original never got toppled by it's two medicore sequels and 90's television series, those will never take away from what Murphy gave us in the first place. Highly, highly recommeded.<br />(RedSabbath Rating:9.0/10)ling over two hours long. Along with two original 1987 port-over behind-the-scenes & featurettes, four deleted scenes (shot on video for dumping to film as more News inserts), there's also five 2007 new featurettes ranging from a wonderful reflection of making the movie, a great combined interview of the bad guys of the film, and a quaint look-back of how all the now-outdated matte painting and stop-motion effects were created by the original artists today. These alone make this version truly the only version to own. Interviews with Paul Verhoeven, Kurtwood Smith, Ronny Cox, Miguel Ferrer, Ray Wise, and Robocop himself Peter Weller give great and insightful details what it was like being on this set. Not to mention that this version's print is even more remastered than what Criterion or MGM has provided in the past. Skin-tones and black levels have never looked better, all while retaining it's grainy mid-80's filmstock look. Audio is provided in a variety of ways including the original 4.0 mix and a new 5.1 both standard and DTS. In fact, for those that have jumped on the Blu-Ray bandwagon consider that the BD version only has the extended version, the commentary, and a trailer leaving all these great featurettes behind, so if that shouldn't be against the Law, nothing is.    In conclusion, Robocop 20th Anniversary is a must own for Sci-Fi/Action fans of any age. An amazing and original story with some of the best practical special effects ever captured on film, it will entertain future generations to come. While the original never got toppled by it's two medicore sequels and 90's television series, those will never take away from what Murphy gave us in the first place. Highly, highly recommeded.  (RedSabbath Rating:9.0/10)
B001DDBCV4|4.0|Love it bought me back to when I was watching it weekly. laughing, angry crying just an emotional rollercoaster. LIVE ON LADIES!
B001DHXT1G|3.0|This movie re-tells the tale of \\"Hulk\\" with new cast of characters.  Ed Norton plays Bruce, Liv Tyler plays Betty, and William Hurt as \\"The General\\".  They pick up in Brazil where Banner was at the end of the last \\"Hulk\\" movie, and negate the whole storyline of David banner passing on the \\"Hulk\\" gene to Bruce, who unlocks it in a lab accident. Then the rest of the movie develops around how the general is going to capture the Hulk back for the military use.    Why three stars from me on this movie, and four for \\"Hulk\\"?  Here, they montage the creation of the hulk together in the opening credits by showing banner self experimenting and getting gamma poisoning and having a bad reaction with the test chemicals, unleashing the hulk.  This is what happened on the TV show and in the comics, but I thought it was too discounted and poor form to do underneath the opening credits.  That brought my rating down a bit.  Also, this animated version of the hulk i didn't care for as much as the \\"HULK\\" movie.  The details were just to overdrawn, to many ripples and textures. Finally, having Ed Norton play hulk and Liv Tyler play betty was like having Ben Affleck play DareDevil, bad casting.  I kept quoting Fight Club and Armaggeddon throughout the movie.  Too much actor baggage to bring along to characters who need to develop on their own.  They needed to keep Eric Bana, who brings fresher acting skills, like Tobey Mcguire did to Spiderman.  Overall, if marvel would have just had this movie made first, or made a sequel to Hulk to tie in the Avengers, it would have been better.    I still recommend this movie, just not stongly. The Blu Ray format is excellent here with all the action and details, and worth picking up.     FYI: The Alternate Opening is nothing to look forward to, a good choice to go with the montage, even though I didn't care for it, the lesser of two evils.
B000UR9T8C|1.0|Let's see:<br /><br />Spidey took his mask off 4 times in Spider-Man 2 (IN front of a trainload of witnesses and no there isn't a little flash drive device like in Men in Black to erase their memories)and 9 times in 3 (like the poparazzi isn't everywhere waiting to get that pic to Jameson for some real $$$$).<br /><br />So Raimi I suppose since Tobey Maguire DOESN'T get enough screen time even though he is in EVERY scene of EVERY movie so far he wanted to be like a Superman type Spidey??<br />Just fight the villain unmasked??? ...So all his enemies know his true identity and can find him and his friends and loved ones even easier???  AND if Spidey doesn't unmask himself REST assured the villain at the end will BEAT his mask off of him while Mary Jane looks on helpless...<br /><br />I hope you rot in comic book hell Raimi and NEVER touch another Spidey flick-OH YEAH too-it's called Spider-Man you moron NOT Peter Parker Loves Mary Jane-and that chicken-neck Kirsten Dunce can rot with you.<br /><br />AND since you killed Harry I hope you have a clone plan to bring him back and also Gwen Stacy was first NOT Mary Jane just ask Topher Grace coz apparently he actually READ the comics...<br /><br />and Venom powers does NOT give jazz piano chops nor Emo haircuts. Raimi you are a TOOL<br /><br />Stardate log November 8th 2010-Well I DID get my wish Raimi is off Spidey 4 and 5!! Thaz right don't doubt my movie intuition skeelz...
B000ICM5W6|4.0|I saw this movie in the theaters, and just purchased it on HD prior to buying my copy of Incredible Hulk on Blu Ray.  I wish they had made this one the beginning of the tie in to the Avengers Series, because this movie had better actors, and a better storyline.  This movie has Bruce Banner played by Eric Bana, and Betty played by Jennifer Connelly.  Both are way better at there roles than Ed Norton and Liv Tyler.  The story flows around how 2 true scientist try to keep the power of the Hulk from falling into military hands.  Banner accidently gets the power unlocked in a lab accident protecting a fellow scientist.  The power was given to him by his father David (played by Nick Nolte), who shows back up to create problems for all.  On top of this, Betty's dad \\"The General\\" (played by Sam Elliot) is trying to get Banner.<br />The Hulk here I feel is better animated, more like the comic books I grew up on, the screenshots are cool with the multiple box approach, and the casting/acting are way better than \\"Incredible Hulk\\" . The chemistry was just better between these actors than the new movie.  Worth buying and watching many times.
0385340567|2.0|This book is all about Child's world-view.  He's an Athiest.  He tells us often.  He hates religion.  He has several page long discussions with 'pastors' where he 'stumps them'.      Reacher is a military man but here he seems OK with deserters.  He hates the government and the establishment.  But he doesn't mind wiping out a town of several inhabitants.  No-conscienceMan.  Post modernist thinking is everywhere here.  But, only Reacher's thoughts count.  Everyone else is wrong PERIOD.    War is OUR fault after 9-11. Etc.Etc.Etc.    His mystery writing is good, but I couldn't stand all the other STUFF he is preaching about.  Yes, preaching.  Imagine that AthiestMan preaching!
0307455874|5.0|I found myself very impressed by both Obama's understanding of both sides of many issues as well as his ability to write. At the same time I can see how such writing could be considered aloof next to a more Hemmingway-like prose. While I did not personally agree with Obama's final position on many issues the way he approaches each issue was intriguing and I can empathize with many of his views.    The book was written about two years into his term as US Senator (elected in 2004) but the issues addressed remain relevant. As a veteran I am, not surprisingly, most at odds with the conclusions that he drew from his trip to Iraq although I found myself agreeing with many of strategies that he feels our military needs to take.    This book is well worth reading to get a sense of who Barak Obama even more so than his actual policies. The value of this book comes from seeing how he approaches political problems. It is a good and motivational read.
B0013D8LCW|5.0|Finally a movie to relate to...does not have the stereotypical gay characters that so many writers feel they need to exhibit. If the majority of the general public saw gays in this way they may actually understand that we are just people trying to live our lives & be happy...like them. Everything about the movie is exceptional; storyline, acting, cinematography, music, art, everything that brought this movie together. At times a bit predictable but still great.  The love the main characters have for one another is very believable thanks to Trevor and Brad's superb acting. They way they look at, touch and hold each other is remarkable for two straight guys. Honestly one of the best gay-themed movies out there. It gets pretty tiring to see boy-gets-girl at the end of 99.9% of the movies made. Finally a movie where boy-gets-boy...and a happy ending too. This is the first movie that I actually felt the need to see all the bonus features on the DVD. Few movies have ever moved me enough to purchase but this is definitely one of them.  A real down-to-earth show.
158567057X|5.0|When life becomes too tough or insane, Wodehouse's world helps me maintain my sanity. And Code of the Wooesters is the best of the best! Eulalie :-).<br /><br />There are some side effects though - people around you look suspiciously at you when you laugh out loud while reading the book.<br /><br />I also looked up the videos starring Hugh Laurie and Stephen Fry after reading the book.  They have done a great job, but the book HAS to be read first. See this video after reading the book -<br />[...]<br />Hilariously insane.
B0001V6ZJ8|5.0|Mention MOULIN ROUGE and most folks will think of Nicole Kidman and the ground-breaking 2001 musical in which she sang and danced to perfection.<br /><br />However, back in 1952, there was another (non-musical) MOULIN ROUGE, and most people who remember this John Huston-directed classic consider it to be one of the greatest films of that decade.<br /><br />It also produced a title song that has become a standard.<br /><br />Huston's film received seven Oscar nominations, including Best Picture.  It won for Art Direction and Costuming, but lost the top honor, as did HIGH NOON and THE QUIET MAN, to Cecil B. DeMille's THE GREATEST SHOW ON EARTH.  [Go figure!]<br /><br />Visually stunning, MOULIN ROUGE stars Oscar-nominated Jose Ferrer as both famed artist Toulouse-Lautrec and his father.<br /><br />A dwarf, Lautrec believes that he is too ugly to ever attract a woman, thus he devotes his life to painting and cognac.  A fixture at Paris' infamous turn-off-the-century Moulin Rouge nightclub, he meets and falls in love with a streetwalker (Colette Marchand), who breaks his heart.  Later, he is unable to recognize true affection from another woman (Suzanne Flon).<br /><br />Zsa Zsa Gabor co-stars as  a singer at the nightclub who also has romantic problems.  Future Hammer horror icons Peter Cushing and Christopher Lee have brief roles.<br /><br />MGM/UA Home Entertainment has done a commendable job in transferring this color-rich film onto DVD.<br /><br /> Michael B. Druxman
B0007TKNIS|5.0|I never tire of viewing this DVD and have even introduced my granddaughter to its fantastic music.
B000QFAJ7S|5.0|i have been a kelly clarkson fan since the first season of american idol and now its almost 2009 and she still got it! I got this CD a couple days after it came out and listened to it as soon as i got it i knew it was a big step from breakaway, which was also a good cd, this cd is a must have and there is not bad song on here but my favorite is sober it just has the best beat and i like how its slow in the beginning and then gets fast i like songs like that! You need to get this if you don't already have it! Trust me it's worth it!
B000PTYPAC|5.0|I don't even know where to start, this CD was amazing! It fits its  title perfect cause the cd has power in it. when i first bought it and listened to it the whole cd was pure paramore, campare this to all we know is falling and you would want them both cause they both have enegry! if you don't have this and are a paramore GET IT!!
B000OCXMAE|4.0|this is a great CD except for some songs! This was not the true linkin park cd at all the best song out of all of them was hands held high i can't get enough of that song, the worst is shadow of the day i dis like that song cause its not the true linking park, it's way to slow! This CD is a good buy but if you like one song (EX.bleed it out) just download the song from itunes cause for you the cd would not be worth it! A true linkin park fan would be disappointed in this album:(
B001DHXT1G|5.0|I was not as down on the 2003 Ang Lee version of the story of the big green guy (note:  as first drawn by Jack Kirby, he was gray, though he very quickly underwent a color change) as many, but it clearly wasn't as good as it ought to have been.  The biggest fault was the CGI.  Although according to the official Marvel specs the Hulk can leap several miles in a single bound, it was rather silly watching him do so.  For one thing, he would bounce several hundred yards in a single, impossibly quick leap.  As a result the Hulk appears to have no mass or even any reality.  You simply couldn't buy into the fantasy.  The Hulk in this film, on the contrary, possessed only a fraction of the leaping ability of the Ang Lee Hulk -- possessing vastly less mobility than the comic book version as well -- but the gains were enormous, with the new Hulk having mass, solidity, and some reality.  Some of this could be laid on the development of new CGI software since 2003, but more than that was simply the decision to make him denser and slower.  When the 2003 Hulk moved I cringed; when the new one moved I had a great time.<br /><br />By all accounts Edward Norton was deeply involved in the making of the movie, and not merely as the star.  Though he did not receive official writing credit, enough people working on the project have acknowledged that he wrote a complete draft that featured many elements that were incorporated in the final film and that he was rewriting scenes immediately before shooting.  This is not new for Norton.  He has been involved in the writing of the scripts for many of his films, usually with no credit.  It is expected that he will write the draft for any Hulk sequel.<br /><br />Sequels.  Although THE INCREDIBLE HULK did not do as well at the box office this summer as they had hoped, the film did make money.  Part of the disappointment might have resulted from the far superior box office performance of IRON MAN.  One of the executive producers of THE INCREDIBLE HULK has insisted that she plans on making a sequel with Norton at the center of things.  And with Marvel Studios clearly moving towards an Avengers movie, the Hulk would clearly play a role.  The Hulk, however, is one Avenger who can either be friend or foe, either a member of the team or the Big Bad of the movie.  There have been no official announcements as of yet, but the final scene in the film, showing Tony Stark approaching a very drunk General Ross in a bar and telling him, \\"We are putting together a team,\\" shows that the team is being put together.  General Ross had a portrait of Steve Rodgers (i.e., Captain America) on his office wall and a cut scene from THE INCREDIBLE HULK showed a glimpse of Captain America in frozen ice.  Upcoming films focusing on Thor and (believe it or not) Ant-Man show that Marvel does indeed intend to put the whole team together as soon as feasible.  I think it is going to take a bit longer than they had hoped.  Films that were earlier announced for 2010 and 2011 are still in pre-production.  I think 2012 and 2013 is more likely.  They have also been set back by casting problems.  Daniel Craig turned down an offer to star as Thor.  At least the news shows their intent to continue to cast major actors in the key roles.<br /><br />THE INCREDIBLE HULK begins in medias res, giving a bit of a recap of a prequel that never quite existed (the events recounted are not quite the same as the Ang Lee film) in the opening credits to jump to Bruce Banner in Rio de Janeiro, where he is living while working on a cure to his condition.  I think this was a brilliant decision.  As a result they could just go ahead and skip the \\"making of the Hulk\\" story that is a crucial part of almost all superhero movies.  One of my beefs with most of movies of the genre is that we don't really get anything new for fans of the comics.  IRON MAN was redeemed by a fantastic lead performance by Robert Downey Jr.  I'm not saying that Edward Norton wasn't good in this film, but a lot of the joy of the film is that we got to move the whole story forward.  I liked the decision to focus on the Abomination, though they altered him a bit from his classic presentation, making him larger than the Hulk, whereas in the official Marvel spec sheet he is slightly smaller.  Tim Roth is great in the film as Klonsky/The Abomination.  And just as in the comics the Hulk does not kill him, but is locked away by the military, so in this film he resists, at Betty's pleading, the temptation to kill him.<br /><br />This later detail actually points to how much the film goes out of the way to acknowledge both the larger world of Marvel Comics and its prior versions of the Hulk.  In the earlier category are things like references to Nick Fury in the opening credits and the portrait of Steve Rodgers, but also the slightly bulging head of Dr. Sterns near the end of the film (foreshadowing his possible appearance in a sequel as The Leader).  In the latter we get things like Bruce Banner watching THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE'S FATHER in Portugese in Brazil, which starred, of course, Bill Bixby, who played David Banner in the TV version of The Hulk.  Lou Ferrigno, who played Banner when he turned green, played a security guard (and I have to say, was looking pretty good) and voiced the Hulk.  And Toronto actor Paul Soles, who plays the pizza joint owner Sandy, voiced Bruce Banner in the sixties cartoon version of the comic (he also did Peter Parker in the cartoon version of Spider-Man).<br /><br />I think the superiority of this new film could mainly be seen in the great fight scene from the end of the picture in which the Hulk and the Abomination face off.  Most such fight scenes in movies are either disappointing or anti-climatic, sometimes merely a necessary add on.  But this one was exciting, involving, and helped move along the story of Bruce Banner's transformation as something more than just an enraged monster.<br /><br />This is not as good as IRON MAN, but it was the second of two very good films that represent the initial products of Marvel's new film production company.  If forthcoming productions are as good as these two, then we have a lot of great popular entertainment to look forward to.joy of the film is that we got to move the whole story forward.  I liked the decision to focus on the Abomination, though they altered him a bit from his classic presentation, making him larger than the Hulk, whereas in the official Marvel spec sheet he is slightly smaller.  Tim Roth is great in the film as Klonsky/The Abomination.  And just as in the comics the Hulk does not kill him, but is locked away by the military, so in this film he resists, at Betty's pleading, the temptation to kill him.      This later detail actually points to how much the film goes out of the way to acknowledge both the larger world of Marvel Comics and its prior versions of the Hulk.  In the earlier category are things like references to Nick Fury in the opening credits and the portrait of Steve Rodgers, but also the slightly bulging head of Dr. Sterns near the end of the film (foreshadowing his possible appearance in a sequel as The Leader).  In the latter we get things like Bruce Banner watching THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE'S FATHER in Portugese in Brazil, which starred, of course, Bill Bixby, who played David Banner in the TV version of The Hulk.  Lou Ferrigno, who played Banner when he turned green, played a security guard (and I have to say, was looking pretty good) and voiced the Hulk.  And Toronto actor Paul Soles, who plays the pizza joint owner Sandy, voiced Bruce Banner in the sixties cartoon version of the comic (he also did Peter Parker in the cartoon version of Spider-Man).    I think the superiority of this new film could mainly be seen in the great fight scene from the end of the picture in which the Hulk and the Abomination face off.  Most such fight scenes in movies are either disappointing or anti-climatic, sometimes merely a necessary add on.  But this one was exciting, involving, and helped move along the story of Bruce Banner's transformation as something more than just an enraged monster.      This is not as good as IRON MAN, but it was the second of two very good filmsthat represent the initial products of Marvel's new film production company.  If forthcoming productions are as good as these two, then we have a lot of great popular entertainment to look forward to.
0786886811|1.0|Wow! What a ridiculous way to write recipes. It's kind of a narrative approach--not a step by step approach.  This is not for amateur bakers in the least. If you want to play with this book, read the whole recipe before you begin, get up to speed on your baking vocabulary (yes you need it), and get ready to shell out a lot cash to buy teaspoons of things you can't really taste.
B0000DJZ9T|5.0|As you can read in the one and two star reviews, they talk about the camera going all over the place and that the director should never do anything again. All though the camera is kind of all over the place, it in no way takes anything away from the band and its music. I personally do not think it is that bad, but it could be better, as all things can be. If you like coldplay, you will love this dvd. Clocks live is spectacular.
B00005JKC3|4.0|... Thanks Mr Lee. I was among the ones who were disapointed in 2003 when The Hulk had been released on the theaters... There were too few action scenes during the first hour and i had some difficulties to understand what Ang Lee wanted to demonstrate... Maybe The Hulk wasn't the typical  pop-corn movie i wished to see that day! So, i had mixed reaction about this one depicting a father-son conflict.<br /><br />Anyway, i was willing to give this film a second chance on dvd and, to that date, i don't regret my choice at all! Ang Lee has managed to totally actualize the hulk myth. He doesn't want to serve us the same old clich&eacute;s most of its detractors have already seen dozens of times... The ideas developed in The Hulk (genetic experiments and its consequences) are modern days issues. The acting is very good and convincing (Banner's girlfriend played by Jennifer Connelly is touching and gives that movie a touch of romance). The music theme is also highly captivating and, to my opinion, plays a significant role...  Last but not least, the way The Hulk was realized was ground-breaking (probably too much at that time...).<br /><br /> Finaly, we are in front of a movie in which we can discover \\"something\\" new inside each time we're watching it, unlike so many block-busters... The Hulk is simply more than a standardized sci-fi movie... Can't wait to see it on blu-ray disc!
B0013FNC38|5.0|OK, I confess.  I am 47 and bought this CD for my son's 14th birthday because he liked the song, \\"I'm Yours\\".  What I did not expect is that I would take it from him, listen to all the tracks continuously, and enjoy every minute of it!  I'm a classic rocker from the 70's and never found today's music especially appealing.  But listening to these songs, like \\"Beautiful Mess\\", \\"Live High\\", and \\"Lucky\\" with Colbie Caillat (new wedding song of the era, I guarantee...), I am hooked.  These songs have meaning and a soulful rhythm that keep replaying in my head even when the CD is off.  While \\"Butterfly\\" has lyrics a bit racier than the others -- subliminal until you listen closely -- there is a special something there that speaks to the listener.  If you haven't already, take a look at his song videos which reconfirm this guy's talent as an artist / songwriter. Watch out, Bob Seger --- Jason Mraz is the new man in my world!!
031606792X|5.0|Although it took some odd twists and turns, I was satisfied with the outcome. It's escape fiction, and I wanted the happy ending.
0316035904|4.0|I have always enjoyed David Sedaris' humor, and although I generally listen to his audio books (read by him), this time I picked up the printed version, just under 200 pages. The Holidays on Ice title was originally released in 1997. This 2008 release contains some of the same stories and several new ones as well. Featured are:<br /><br />  * Santa Land Diaries<br />  * Seasons Greetings to our Family and Friends<br />  * Front Row Center With Thaddeus Bristol<br />  * Based Upon a True Story<br />  * Christmas Means Giving<br />  * Dinah, the Christmas Whore<br />  * Jesus Shaves<br />  * Us and Them<br />  * Let it Snow<br />  * Six to Eight Black Men<br />  * The Monster Mash<br />  * The Cow and the Turkey<br /><br />One of the funniest for me was: \\"Dinah, the Christmas Whore\\" an essay describing the dysfunctional world of David Sedaris. He tells how his sister Lisa brought her friend Dinah home four days before Christmas. He describes the humorous way in which his family reacts to her, and the questions they ask her about her interesting life in prison and about her experiences as a prostitute.<br /><br />Sarcasm and cynicism fill this collection of short stories. You will be laughing your way through each story. If you are looking for something to cheer you up during the stressful holiday times, pick up this little book. It would make a fun gift for your family and friends who might need some cheering up this holiday season as well.<br /><br />Although I really did enjoy this book, I am still a bigger fan of the audio books read by this author. In fact, I'm in the process of listening to his latest book: When You are Engulfed in Flames right now, and it's terrific.
0786838655|4.0|This is definitely a must read.  I had a lot of fun with it and found looking at the world through Percy was done very well.  Things are described as a young boy would see them, which makes for some very interesting descriptions.  I especially liked Pery's random thought process and the flow of the writing which complemented the humor in the book.  I found my self smiling often and I don't think i ever got annoyed with characters trying too hard to be funny.      On to a few of the disappointing features.      I really enjoy a bit of mystery in the story and with the characters, but I believe that mystery should be built up fairly and smoothly.  It seems that one of the author's favorite ways of building up mystery is to start a conversation, then introduce some sort of distraction so that right before something interesting is revealed... its not.  Occasionally this is fine, but there are several instances of this in the book (just a little variety please).  Though i was happy with the final twist in the end of the book.    Also I really like the greek aspect of the book, but it seems like the author is simply dropping in greek myths here and there to fill plot.  I would like to hear more on how things have changed.  (it's been several thousand years from the original stories, shouldn't their be new monsters or significant people as well?)  I know he name drops a little here and there and for the first book its not really a problem, but i hope that he'll start to come up with a little more original ideas down the road while still maintaining the greek myths and theme.    Overall I'm very excited to continue the series and i would recommend reading the first without hesitation.
B000VWYJ86|3.0|This is a good movie, but you get motion sickness watching the dialogue. The \\"artistic\\" motion of the camera looks like the person holding the camera was drunk and gets extremely distracting making it hard to watch
0684833395|5.0|I almost didn't include this book in my reading list - thank goodness I did in the end!    Although set during a war, the theme is about survival, insanity and humanity.    The language is disturbingly funny and can drive anyone crazy.    The story is not told chronologically, which makes it a slightly difficult read, but the book relies largely on its characters and the way that Heller sets it out presents better pictures of each character. At the beginning of the book we get the impression that everyone is crazy, Yossarian most of all. But as the story unfolds we realise that it's all just a hopeless attempt to survive the madness of their era, nobody is fool and least of all Yossarian.    I'm currently reading it for the third time - definitely one of my favourite books now. The story may be too entangled to understand at first, but the characters come vividly to life and stay with you.
B000VR824S|5.0|This terrific show features Johnny Winter (still alive and well) doing a sensational \\"Highway 61\\". This song alone is worth the price of admission. It's like when Hendrix showed Bob how to play \\"All along the Watchtower\\".
B0001Z37HM|4.0|this is a awesome movie if u like arnold in conan then u will like this movie
B001GAPC1K|5.0|Experiencing IRONMAN in the theatre was breathtaking, unbelievable, and larger than life. A GREAT STORY. WELL TOLD.    Not since then have we been able to re-experience that magical event until NOW. Yes my fellow movie buffs this Blu-ray Hi-def Picture and Hi-def Sound now is in your home in the HD Home Theater (w/HDMI).    My qualifying statement:  My HD Home Theater weighs in at about $2000 plus movies.  A break down is; a Mitsubishi HD Projector (HC-1500) $800 (orig $1495), a Sony 5.1 Blu-ray Sound System (HT-SS2300) $399 (orig $499) and a Sony PLAYSTATION 3 w/Blu-ray player $399 (orig $499). Sony HDMI cables $150 and HD Screen Paint Kit $180 for my 108\\" viewing wall screen.  With this 1080p system I've created a HD Home Theater presentation sight and sound equal to an IMAX (on a smaller scale) experience.    The 1080p Blu-ray showing blows your minds eyes and ears, period.    This IRONMAN 2 Disc set is ALL HD and the Special Features (with over 3 hours of great stuff) covers every detail about the movie and the IRONMAN history from comic book to HD Movie.  Therefore no movie commentary is necessary! Totally awesome movie and background information.  A must have Blu-ray movie for your Sci-Fi Action Hero library.    Bottomline: Robert Downey Jr is Tony Stark/IRONMAN.   Gweneth Palthrow is Pepper Potts!!  Get you'll watch it over and over.  Enjoy.
B000006ZDQ|5.0|heaven and Hell,by Black sabbath is one great album that everybody should listen too.when you are high on anything,it will put you in a trance.I admit,this for sure.Greatest artist forever.WE SALUTE YOU BLACK SABBATH.five stars all the way too heaven and hell///////////////////
0810993139|5.0|Adapted from the popular web comic, this fictional diary is written from the perspective of eleven year old Greg Heffley, plaintively relating his experiences of middle school and being a middle child.  The text appears as if hand printed in a notebook and contains frequent single panel cartoons throughout.  I'm much older than this book's target demographic but was still repeatedly \\"laughing out loud\\" while reading it.  Recommended for both kids and adults.
0312379293|5.0|I have to say that I thoroughly enjoyed every page of this one! Of course I have to admit to being one of those people who feel that the work of Alexandre Dumas in his Count of Monte Cristo is one of the fifty best novels in the English language. This book by author Jeffrey Archer is a wonderful update and take- off from that classic work by Dumas. This novel takes place primarily in England, although does move about a bit later in the book.<br /><br />The plot line has been pretty well covered here by other reviews so I will not dwell on that at length. Suffice to say that we have a poor young man who is set up and framed by four quite wealthy and privileged young men for the crime of murder. Danny, our hero, is an uneducated mechanic who cannot read or write. He is brilliant though, and through a series of fortunate circumstances, ends up sharing a cell with two remarkable individuals who transform Danny's life. Again, the author is sticking to the Dumas work pretty closely.<br /><br />This work is completely filled with twists and turns and just when you think you have if figured out, or that all is lost, the author neatly twirls events and you are off in another direction. The plot is rather complicated but is surprisingly easy to follow as are the well developed characters. This can be and should be classified as a thriller, but it is so much more than that. Archer's knowledge of the legal system and prison life allow the story to be told in a realistic fashion (yes, I admit that the author does stretch a few things here and there, but hey folks, this is a novel meant to entertain, not a T.V. documentary...yawn). This work also takes a close look at the English class system, at its worse and the play between the lower and upper classes of society, i.e. the have and have not's.<br /><br />This is a rather large novel, which in a way is unfortunate, because if you are like me, once you finish the first page or two, you will be hooked and you are going to be there for awhile. Now I fully admit to loving to read a good revenge book and this is one of the best in that genre I have read in quite some time. No spoilers here, I hope, but I found this to be a very satisfying read!<br /><br />Recommend this one highly. If you are into this type of novel, I cannot see how you will not like it.<br /><br />Don Blankenship<br />The Ozarkslly admit to loving to read a good revenge book and this is one of the best in that genre I have read in quite some time. No spoilers here, I hope, but I found this to be a very satisfying read!     Recommend this one highly. If you are into this type of novel, I cannot see how you will not like it.     Don Blankenship  The Ozarks
079073639X|4.0|I saw this movie when i was younger, around 5 years ago. For some reason I just started thinking about it one night and decided to see if I could find and I did. I have no complaints about the seller of my item, received it as stated within a good time frame. Would use this seller again!!!
B001DTPZNY|1.0|The story of Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull is dull, forced, and awkward. If you are \\"lucky enough\\" to see the special features, you will even hear Steven Speilberg himself admit that he was done with Indiana Jones after the third movie (Indiana Jones and The Last Crusade)---There's a reason why Indy rode off into the sunset at the end of that movie. Spielberg was forced by George Lucas to make this fourth movie, which feels like it was written on the fly.     As for Harrison Ford's performance: He looks okay, but Indy appears tired and the action scenes are almost painful to watch. Plus, the special effects are overdone.     Don't bother. Save your money. Skip this one. I was really disappointed.
B001F2W4Y2|4.0|There are some real gems on this album,like: \\"Rock N' Roll Train\\", \\"Big Jack\\", and \\"Rock N' Roll Dream\\". If AC/DC were ever to release a Greatest Hits ablum, then the aforementioned tracks would have to be on it. Also good are \\"Smash N' Grab\\", \\"Spolin' for a Fight\\", \\"Wheels\\", and \\"Money Made\\". \\"War Machine\\" is starting to grow on me. The remaining tracks, \\"Skies on Fire\\", \\"Anything Goes\\", \\"Decible\\", \\"Stormy May Day\\", \\"She Likes Rock N' Roll\\", \\"Rocking All the Way\\", are fine, but just don't hook me like the others. And then there's the title track, \\"Black Ice\\", which I can't even listen to; which is, in my opinion, just a filler-track. All in all, though, I like the ablum: it's musically more adventurous than their last two albums and yet still has that classic AC/DC sound and groove.
B000N2HBSO|5.0|Great read.  I have long admired Lincoln and I came out of this book with newfound respect for one of our greatest presidents.  This extremely well-researched account of Lincoln's road to the White House and his time as president gives amazing insights into the obstacles he faced and his personal struggles.  You sometimes forget that past leaders were subject to the same political maneuverings, scandals and infighting that we read about daily among our current leaders and, at a time when the national was literally being pulled apart, Lincoln skillfully navigated a very uncertain path.  That the country made it through this crisis intact is due to the tireless efforts of not only Lincoln himself, but several other candidates that epitomize what it means to be a public servant.  All in all, a facinating account of Lincoln, both the man and the politician.
0312360266|5.0|Zoey Redbird is a normal teenager until she was marked to become a fledgling vampire. Her mom and her mean step-dad act like she has some type of plague and instead of being there for her they make her that much more eager to start her new life. So Zoey runs away to her grandmas' house & from there is taken to \\"The House of Night\\" which is a highschool for vampires. It is clear from the minute she walks in the door that she is going to have her hands full! She starts a new life, makes a friends that become like her family, & starts on a journey that everyone needs to read! I loved this book!! I couldn't put it down from the moment I started reading it! Its a must read!!
0399226907|1.0|I remember loving this book as a child, so I was so excited to order it for my kindergarten class. Unfortunately, I purchased the book and never received it.  Be careful what you order!
1596912863|3.0|I love this author, however this book was a little strange.  I made it through to the end, but it was bumpy.  There wasn't a smooth flow and it was just a little difficult to follow the jumping around.  Also, if one has not read the books by Austen mentioned in this one, some of it doesn't make sense.
B000NQRR1Q|5.0|[This is the last review in my 31 Days of Halloween 2008 series. It's been fun going down Tombstone Lane & I want to thank you for taking the time to read these humble & horrific offerings. I hope you've had some fun too. I'm already looking forward to next year. More tales of terror & darkness to explore!]<br /><br />Jumpin' J Lucifer, it looks like every Magus & Magatrix on the planet have reveiwed THE NINTH GATE--and some of the naughty kids actually gave the whole plot away.<br /><br />I'll try to be both brief & discreet.<br /><br />The teaming up of Roman Polanski & Johnny Depp was surely a pact made in hell--and I mean that in a GOOD way. Polanski's near obsession with the Diobolical Side often translate into memorable images on film. There are some obvious Satanic images in THE NINTH GATE, and others not so obvious.<br /><br />Johnny Depp deftly plays the role of rare book investigator. It's nice to watch him play a more or less normal human being for a change. There's a very short sequence in the film I really enjoyed: Johnny Depp is waiting in a line (for something, I forgot what--short term memory loss, please bear with me.) Anyway, a little girl is standing next to him, giving him the evil eye. Depp looks down at her and does a very funny Johny Depp sort of double take. It was really cute--and I mean that in a nice way too.<br /><br />Other cast members were excellent as well.<br /><br />On one level the theme of the film is how to conjure up The Living Devil a la ROSEMARY'S BABY. There is another, perhaps more subtle interpretation, i.e. performance of The Great Work. The Great Work is alchemical rather than Satanic. The Great Work is based on positive spiritual concepts like the Gnostic sacrament of The Sacred Marriage; the Hindu Kundalini Yoga, Bhakti Yoga--and, in particular, Tantra Yoga, the Union of Shiva & Shakti.<br /><br />And that's all of the plot I'm going to reveal.<br /><br />The wonderful woodcut images on the pages of the much coveted book in the film are great. I like the way they look & play into the action.<br /><br />[See MERCURIUS The Marriage of Heaven & Earth in the links list below.]<br /><br />Another thing I liked about the movie is how Polanski makes fun of the wealthy Satanists' ridiculous pretentions. To miss that point is to miss the whole thing--and yet the viewer is still left (as in Left-Hand Path) with a reaffirmation that the Key to this Theory of Everything is Lucifer. To many people (who aren't necessarily Satanists), Lucifer represents, the Bringer of Light, a Promethian figure who is actually on the side of humanity in the Struggle for Existence. I  can rate with the mythology of being kicked on the butt out of Heaven.<br /><br />I'll end here with a warning: Watch out for any edited versions of the film. I've seen one on the tube that not only cut out the cute sequence with the little girl, but butchered the sexual images at the conclusion--a desecration that completely demolished the whole point of the movie's theme.<br /><br />Well, that's it.<br /><br />HAVE A HAPPY & HORROR-FILLED HALLOWEEN!<br /><br />Regards,<br />JEFarrow<br /><br />[[ASIN:0980286581 Mercurius: The Marriage of Heaven and Earth]]<br />[[ASIN:B000FOT9EE Carnival Of Lost Souls]]<br />[[ASIN:B00003CXCF Rosemary's Baby]]<br />[[ASIN:B0002KQNJU The Fearless Vampire Killers, or Pardon Me but Your Teeth Are in My Neck]]<br />[[ASIN:B000EWBNNC What's Eating Gilbert Grape (Special Collector's Edition)]]<br />[[ASIN:1601630220 Zombies: A Field Guide to the Walking Dead]]<br />[[ASIN:0937663093 Daimonic Reality: A Field Guide to the Otherworld]]<br />[[ASIN:1411626389 Luciferian Witchcraft]]the action.    [See MERCURIUS The Marriage of Heaven & Earth in the links list below.]    Another thing I liked about the movie is how Polanski makes fun of the wealthy Satanists' ridiculous pretentions. To miss that point is to miss the whole thing--and yet the viewer is still left (as in Left-Hand Path) with a reaffirmation that the Key to this Theory of Everything is Lucifer. To many people (who aren't necessarily Satanists), Lucifer represents, the Bringer of Light, a Promethian figure who is actually on the side of humanity in the Struggle for Existence. I  can rate with the mythology of being kicked on the butt out of Heaven.    I'll end here with a warning: Watch out for any edited versions of the film. I've seen one on the tube that not only cut out the cute sequence with the little girl, but butchered the sexual images at the conclusion--a desecration that completely demolished the whole point of the movie's theme.    Well, that's it.    HAVE A HAPPY & HORROR-FILLED HALLOWEEN!    Regards,  JEFarrow    [[ASIN:0980286581 Mercurius: The Marriage of Heaven and Earth]]  [[ASIN:B000FOT9EE Carnival Of Lost Souls]]  [[ASIN:B00003CXCF Rosemary's Baby]]  [[ASIN:B0002KQNJU The Fearless Vampire Killers, or Pardon Me but Your Teeth Are in My Neck]]  [[ASIN:B000EWBNNC What's Eating Gilbert Grape (Special Collector's Edition)]]  [[ASIN:1601630220 Zombies: A Field Guide to the Walking Dead]]  [[ASIN:0937663093 Daimonic Reality: A Field Guide to the Otherworld]]  [[ASIN:1411626389 Luciferian Witchcraft]]
B00004T9UF|5.0|Although Eminem's been heavily criticized for this bombshell of insults, murderous rhymes and homophobia, \\"The Marhsall Mathers LP\\" is a brilliant rap album like no other.<br /><br />Eminem got so much heat for expressing his angry intentions to kill his wife, Kim, in the song named after her. However, through this album, he turned himself into an angst-releasing rhyme-machine, confessing all the teenage angst through dark hip-hop beats and music from Dr. Dre.<br /><br />Despite the criticisms hurled at him and the attempted suicide of Kim for obvious reasons, Eminem became the most popular rapper for his artistic expression of a white rapper on the edge. And as frightening as Eminem could get, he turned the rap genre from social protest music to expressions of psychological disturbances.<br /><br />Songs such as \\"Kill You\\" expresses Eminem anger at the censorship of raps of drugs and murder. He says, \\"B****, I'm [gonn]a kill you!/You don't wanna f*** with me!\\" Perhaps he's a little overmasochistic, but he's intent on ripping apart anyone who keeps him from saying whatever the f*** he wants to say.<br /><br />Eminem also raps about a fictional Eminem fan named Stan, frustrated that his idol doesn't even recognize him. So frustrated, in fact, that he locks his pregnant wife in the trunk of his car and drives it into a lake. He also whips out knives to kill his wife for cheating on him in the song \\"Kim.\\"<br /><br />While Eminem says \\"I'm just playing with y'all\\" at the end of the song \\"Kill You,\\" we all know that he has to find some way to release the anger bottled up inside of him. \\"The Marshall Mathers LP\\" is one of the best rap albums, releasing anger in a confessional of skits and raps that most parents may never want to listen to. However, near the end of the 90s, someone had to express the frustration of the youth, and Eminem was just the person to do it.
B0012GVKVY|5.0|This picture transfer on Blu-Ray is definitely reference quality and worth bragging about and showing off to your Hi-Def junkie friends. The colors are a bit muted in this cinematographic style, so don't look for brilliant color, though. I can't comment on the lossless audio quality since I cannot decode quite yet.This is a \\"must have\\" for any Blu-Ray collection.
6304614047|5.0|Some good episodes even if they are on VHS tape. However if the set is new and sealed, the bonus figure from playmates toys is worth the price of the set.
B000W4D94I|5.0|Twister is one of my all-time favorite action movies and have watched it more times than I would like to admit.The best transfer on DVD still left alot to be desired.Now,the the transfer on Blu-Ray has been cleaned up and improved dramatically.It's not reference quality,of course,but I give the picture a solid 4 out of 5 for a movie of this age.I can't comment on the new lossless soundtrack because I am unable to decode yet.   Definitely highly recommended even if you have the latest DVD version.
B001G5IJVK|1.0|Yes, THANKS a million.     THANK YOU because after 754 compilation albums, I needed a new one! The same songs over and over again! Great!!    THANK YOU because by putting the music of Gene, Paul Ace and Peter on separate discs you saved me the work of doing it myself with my iPod...and I don't have the 30 seconds that it takes to do so!    THANK YOU for the cool detail of having each disc with the color of each member. Just because of that it's worth the purchase. Who cares about the music? It's about the colors!!!    THANK YOU for putting out FOUR cd's at the same time, showing me that you can have new albums WITHOUT going to the studio AT ALL! And, besides, that way the release gets to be more expensive!! The work of a genius!  And above all THANK YOU for the liner notes in the booklet, where one can read that the \\"four members of Kiss are inmediatly recognizable\\". Yes, I look at Tommy Thayer, and RECOGNIZE HE IS NOT ACE FREHLEY!!!    If we talk about the music, yes, THE SONG LIST IS TERRIFIC, with some songs that havent been released on any compilations before, and it will be very hard to find a better collection of songs ON ANY ROCK ALBUM this year. After all there was a time when KISS where THE BEST BAND IN THE UNIVERSE (that is, before they decided to stop working ang take the easy way...)    If you are starting to discover KISS, hey, this ones for you.
B000PAAJYW|5.0|'Magnolia' is quite a film, and though I could find fault with it, it is almost too impressive and monumental to attack. It is kind of like a mosaic, where a lot of interrelated characters and intertwined stories keep our interest, keep us waiting to see how it will all connect and how all the story threads will be tied together--but some are while others end ambiguously. The promised epiphany is never delivered--and yet I am forced to applaud Anderson's bravado, spunk, and panache. I think the title, Magnolia, was meant to imply that the various and sundry story lines were like the petals of a flower (it seems like whenever they are in a different room, there are always pictures of flowers on the wall). The title \\"Magnolia\\" not only refers to Magnolia Blvd in Los Angeles, where much of Magnolia takes place, but is also similar to the term Charles Fort (who is referenced many times in this film) coined for a hypothetical place where things that fall from the sky originate - \\"Magonia\\".<br /><br />-----------------------------<br />Quiz Kid Donnie Smith: Have you ever been struck by lightning? It hurts.<br />=========================================<br /><br />The mosaic, flower petal structure is kind of like the Oscar winning Crash--but at least Crash, it could be argued, had a unifying theme of racism and racial tensions in Los Angeles to tie it all together. Magnolia does have a kind of a thesis, that strange coincidences happen in life, and if they were in a movie, you wouldn't believe it. Perhaps it could be summed up as \\"truth is stranger than fiction\\" except it is hard to see how the strange mixture of banal, and mundane with fantastic and surreal, add up to anything remotely resembling a coherent artistic statement.<br /><br />------------------<br />Jim Kurring: Now, some neighbors claimed they heard screaming and a loud crash.<br />Marcie: I don't even know no loud crash.<br />===========================<br /><br />I mean, just as things are getting to their grimmest for several of Magnolia's many story lines there is a musical sequence where all the characters, some even dying of cancer, sing along to an Aimee Mann song. The song, \\"Wise Up,\\" was also used in the film, Jerry Maguire starring Tom Cruise. Think that was weird? You ain't seen nothin' yet, though, when there is a deus ex machina moment of Biblical proportions (don't want to spoil it for anyone, but check out Exodus 8:2, and therefore keep an eye out for the numbers 8 & 2 which feature prominently in Magnolia).<br /><br />-------------------------<br />Quiz Kid Donnie Smith: I'm sick and I'm in love.<br />Thurston Howell: You seem the sort of person who confuses the two.<br />Quiz Kid Donnie Smith: That's right. That's the first time you've been right. I confuse the two and I don't care.<br />==========================================<br /><br />Paul Thomas Anderson is a very ambitious director, and one wonders how he seemingly went from grip to auteur overnight. He has absorbed so much film history that you would almost think he was just a copycat but he always uses what he has learned in a very creative and original way. He likes to work with an ensemble of actors, and in that he is like Robert Altman, the Coen Brothers, or even Will Ferrell, and indeed lots of his regulars are also shared with those directors. John C. Reilly and William H. Macy spring to mind. Though he must be comfortable working with his stalwarts, he is not afraid to approach big name actors. It is my understanding that he approached Tom Cruise on the set of 'Eyes Wide Shut,' the final film of director Stanley Kubrick. How he got Cruise to play Frank T. J. Mackey, the leader of a strange cult who conducts seminars on how to \\"Seduce and Destroy\\" females is anybody's guess, but the result was Tom Cruise's most unsympathetic yet riveting movie role.<br /><br />----------------------<br />Gwenovier: Come on, Frank. What are you doing?<br />Frank T.J. Mackey: What am I doing? I'm quietlyjudging you.<br />==============================<br /><br />So, as I'm quietly judging Magnolia, the verdict is guilty of being a most impressive cinematic monument in spite or because of its total lack of a coherent message. Really great performances from Magnolia's ensemble cast, and a really compelling vision from director Paul Thomas Anderson. A really long movie, but one that held my interest throughout. Two thumbs up.<br /><br />-------------------------<br />Claudia Wilson Gator: Now that I've met you, would you object to never seeing me again?<br />=====================================<br /><br />DIRECTED BY PAUL THOMAS ANDERSON<br /><br />[[ASIN:B0013FXWU6 There Will Be Blood]] (2007)<br />[[ASIN:B00151QYWG Punch-Drunk Love]] (2002)<br />Magnolia (1999)<br />[[ASIN:B000PAAJZ6 Boogie Nights]] (1997)<br /><br />FILM ROLES OF JULLIANNE MOORE<br /><br />I'm Not There. (2007) .... Alice Fabian<br />[[ASIN:B001F0TM4Y Savage Grace]] (2007) .... Barbara Baekeland<br />Magnolia (1999) .... Linda Partridge<br />[[ASIN:B001AEF6D6 The Big Lebowski - 10th Anniversary Edition]] (1998) .... Maude Lebowski<br />Boogie Nights (1997) .... Amber Waves<br />Benny & Joon (1993) .... Ruthie<br /><br />FILM ROLES OF WILLIAM H. MACY<br /><br />Wild Hogs (2007) .... Dudley Frank<br />Inland Empire (2006) .... Announcer<br />Bobby (2006) .... Paul Ebbers<br />The Cooler (2003) .... Bernie Lootz<br />Magnolia (1999) .... Donnie Smith<br />[[ASIN:B000035Z38 Mystery Men]] (1999) .... The Shoveller<br />Wag the Dog (1997) .... CIA Agent Charles Young<br />Boogie Nights (1997) .... Little Bill<br />Ghosts of Mississippi (1996) .... Charlie Crisco<br />[[ASIN:B00009W5CA Fargo (Special Edition)]] (1996) .... Jerome 'Jerry' Lundegaard<br />\\"Bakersfield P.D.\\" .... Russell Karp (1 episode, 1993)<br />Searching for Bobby Fischer (1993) .... Tunafish Father<br />Benny & Joon (1993) .... Randy Burch<br />Shadows and Fog (1992) (as W.H. Macy) .... Cop with Spiro<br />Radio Days (1987) (as W.H. Macy) .... Radio actor<br /><br />FILM ROLES OF JOHN C. REILLY<br /><br />Step Brothers (2008) .... Dale Doback<br />The Promotion (2008) .... Richard Wehlner<br />Walk Hard: The Dewey Cox Story (2007) .... Dewey Cox<br />Tenacious D in The Pick of Destiny (2006) (uncredited) .... Sasquatch<br />Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby (2006) .... Cal Naughton Jr.<br />[[ASIN:B000H6SXYM A Prairie Home Companion]] (2006) .... Lefty<br />Dark Water (2005) .... Mr. Murray<br />Are You the Favorite Person of Anybody? (2005)<br />The Aviator (2004) .... Noah Dietrich<br />The Hours (2002) .... Dan Brown<br />Chicago (2002) .... Amos Hart<br />Gangs of New York (2002) .... Happy Jack Mulraney<br />The Good Girl (2002) .... Phil Last<br />Frank's Book (2001) .... Frank<br />The Anniversary Party (2001) .... Mac Forsyth<br />The Perfect Storm (2000) .... Dale 'Murph' Murphy<br />Magnolia (1999) .... Officer Jim Kurring<br />Boogie Nights (1997) .... Reed Rothchild<br />Nightwatch (1997) (uncredited) .... Deputy Inspector Bill Davis<br />Boys (1996) .... Officer Kellogg Curry<br />Sydney (1996) .... John<br />What's Eating Gilbert Grape (1993) .... Tucker Van Dyke<br />Hoffa (1992) .... Pete Connelly<br />Out on a Limb (1992) .... Jim Jr.<br />Shadows and Fog (1992) .... Cop at Police Station<br />State of Grace (1990) .... Stevie McGuire<br />Days of Thunder (1990) .... Buck Bretherton<br />We're No Angels (1989) .... Young Monk<br />Casualties of War (1989) .... PFC. Herbert Hatcher<br /><br />FILM ROLES OF PHILIP SEYMOUR HOFFMAN<br /><br />Synecdoche, New York (2008) .... Caden Cotard<br />Charlie Wilson's War (2007) .... Gust Avrakotos<br />Before the Devil Knows You're Dead (2007) .... Andy Hanson<br />The Savages (2007) .... Jon Savage<br />Mission: Impossible III (2006) .... Owen Davian<br />[[ASIN:B000E33VWW Capote]] (2005) .... Truman Capote<br />Empire Falls (2005) (TV) .... Charlie Mayne<br />Strangers with Candy (2005) .... Henry<br />Along Came Polly (2004) .... Sandy Lyle<br />Cold Mountain (2003) .... Reverend Veasey<br />Owning Mahowny (2003) .... Dan Mahowny<br />25th Hour (2002) .... Jacob Elinsky<br />Red Dragon (2002) .... Freddy Lounds<br />Punch-Drunk Love (2002) .... Dean Trumbell<br />Love Liza (2002) .... Wilson Joel<br />Almost Famous (2000) .... Lester Bangs<br />State and Main (2000) .... Joseph Turner White<br />The Talented Mr. Ripley (1999) .... Freddie Miles<br />... aka The Mysterious Yearning Secretive Sad Lonely Troubled Confused Loving Musical Gifted Intelligent Beautiful Tender Sensitive Haunted Passionate Talented Mr. Ripley (USA: complete title)<br />Magnolia (1999) .... Phil Parma<br />Flawless (1999) .... Rusty<br />Patch Adams (1998) .... Mitch Roman<br />Happiness (1998) .... Allen<br />The Big Lebowski (1998) .... Brandt<br />Next Stop Wonderland (1998) .... Sean<br />Montana (1998) .... Duncan<br />Culture (1998) .... Bill<br />Boogie Nights (1997) .... Scotty J.<br />Twister (1996) .... Dustin Davis<br />Sydney (1996) (as Phillip Seymour Hoffman) .... Young Craps Player<br />... aka Hard Eight (USA: new title)<br />The Fifteen Minute Hamlet (1995) (as Philip S. Hoffman) .... Bernardo / Horatio / Laertes<br />Nobody's Fool (1994) .... Officer Raymer<br />When a Man Loves a Woman (1994) .... Gary<br />The Getaway (1994) (as Philip Hoffman) .... Frank Hansen<br />Money for Nothing (1993) (as Philip S. Hoffman) .... Cochran<br />My Boyfriend's Back (1993) (as Philip Hoffman) .... Chuck Bronski<br />Joey Breaker (1993) .... Wiley McCall<br />Scent of a Woman (1992) (as Philip S. Hoffman) .... George Willis, Jr.<br />Leap of Faith (1992) .... Matt<br />My New Gun (1992) .... Chris<br />Szuler (1992)<br />Triple Bogey on a Par Five Hole (1991) (as Phil Hoffman) .... Klutch<br />\\"Law & Order\\" .... Steven Hanauer (1 episode, 1991)<br /><br />FILM ROLES OF TOM CRUISE<br /><br />Valkyrie (2008) .... Col. Claus von Stauffenberg<br />Tropic Thunder (2008) .... Les Grossman<br />Lions for Lambs (2007) .... Senator Jasper Irving<br />Mission: Impossible III (2006) .... Ethan Hunt<br />War of the Worlds (2005) .... Ray Ferrier<br />Collateral (2004) .... Vincent<br />The Last Samurai (2003) .... Nathan Algren<br />Austin Powers in Goldmember (2002) .... Austin Powers (in film \\"Austinpussy\\")<br />Minority Report (2002) .... Chief John Anderton<br />Vanilla Sky (2001) .... David Aames<br />Mission: Impossible II (2000) .... Ethan Hunt<br />Magnolia (1999) .... Frank T.J. Mackey<br />[[ASIN:B000UJ48U4 Eyes Wide Shut (Unrated Two-Disc Special Edition)]] (1999) .... Dr. William 'Bill' Harford<br />\\"3rd Rock from the Sun\\" .... Guy on Couch (1 episode, 1998)<br />Jerry Maguire (1996) .... Jerry Maguire<br />Mission: Impossible (1996) .... Ethan Hunt<br />Interview with the Vampire: The Vampire Chronicles (1994) .... Lestat de Lioncourt<br />The Firm (1993) .... Mitch McDeere<br />A Few Good Men (1992) .... Lt. Daniel Kaffee<br />Far and Away (1992) .... Joseph Donnelly<br />Days of Thunder (1990) .... Cole Trickle<br />Born on the Fourth of July (1989) .... Ron Kovic<br />Rain Man (1988) .... Charlie Babbitt<br />Young Guns (1988) (uncredited) .... Cowboy<br />Cocktail (1988) .... Brian Flanagan<br />The Color of Money (1986) .... Vincent Lauria<br />Top Gun (1986) .... Lt. Pete 'Maverick' Mitchell<br />Legend (1985) .... Jack<br />All the Right Moves (1983) .... Stefen Djordjevic<br />Risky Business (1983) .... Joel Goodsen<br />Losin' It (1983) .... Woody<br />The Outsiders (1983) .... Steve Randle<br />Taps (1981) .... Cadet Captain David Shawn<br />Endless Love (1981) .... Billy<br /><br />-----------<br />Quiz Kid Donnie Smith: I'm sick.<br />Thurston Howell: Stay that way.<br />======================================006) (uncredited) .... Sasquatch  Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby (2006) .... Cal Naughton Jr.   [[ASIN:B000H6SXYM A Prairie Home Companion]] (2006) .... Lefty   Dark Water (2005) .... Mr. Murray   Are You the Favorite Person of Anybody? (2005)   The Aviator (2004) .... Noah Dietrich   The Hours (2002) .... Dan Brown   Chicago (2002) .... Amos Hart  Gangs of New York (2002) .... Happy Jack Mulraney   The Good Girl (2002) .... Phil Last   Frank's Book (2001) .... Frank   The Anniversary Party (2001) .... Mac Forsyth   The Perfect Storm (2000) .... Dale 'Murph' Murphy  Magnolia (1999) .... Officer Jim Kurring  Boogie Nights (1997) .... Reed Rothchild   Nightwatch (1997) (uncredited) .... Deputy Inspector Bill Davis   Boys (1996) .... Officer Kellogg Curry   Sydney (1996) .... John   What's Eating Gilbert Grape (1993) .... Tucker Van Dyke   Hoffa (1992) .... Pete Connelly   Out on a Limb (1992) .... Jim Jr.   Shadows and Fog (1992) .... Cop at Police Station   State of Grace (1990) .... Stevie McGuire   Days of Thunder (1990) .... Buck Bretherton   We're No Angels (1989) .... Young Monk   Casualties of War (1989) .... PFC. Herbert Hatcher    FILM ROLES OF PHILIP SEYMOUR HOFFMAN    Synecdoche, New York (2008) .... Caden Cotard   Charlie Wilson's War (2007) .... Gust Avrakotos   Before the Devil Knows You're Dead (2007) .... Andy Hanson   The Savages (2007) .... Jon Savage   Mission: Impossible III (2006) .... Owen Davian  [[ASIN:B000E33VWW Capote]] (2005) .... Truman Capote   Empire Falls (2005) (TV) .... Charlie Mayne   Strangers with Candy (2005) .... Henry   Along Came Polly (2004) .... Sandy Lyle   Cold Mountain (2003) .... Reverend Veasey  Owning Mahowny (2003) .... Dan Mahowny   25th Hour (2002) .... Jacob Elinsky   Red Dragon (2002) .... Freddy Lounds  Punch-Drunk Love (2002) .... Dean Trumbell   Love Liza (2002) .... Wilson Joel   Almost Famous (2000) .... Lester Bangs  State and Main (2000) .... Joseph Turner White  The Talented Mr. Ripley (1999) .... Freddie Miles   ... aka The Mysterious Yearning Secretive Sad Lonely Troubled Confused Loving Musical Gifted Intelligent Beautiful Tender Sensitive Haunted Passionate Talented Mr. Ripley (USA: complete title)   Magnolia (1999) .... Phil Parma  Flawless (1999) .... Rusty   Patch Adams (1998) .... Mitch Roman   Happiness (1998) .... Allen   The Big Lebowski (1998) .... Brandt   Next Stop Wonderland (1998) .... Sean   Montana (1998) .... Duncan  Culture (1998) .... Bill   Boogie Nights (1997) .... Scotty J.  Twister (1996) .... Dustin Davis   Sydney (1996) (as Phillip Seymour Hoffman) .... Young Craps Player   ... aka Hard Eight (USA: new title)   The Fifteen Minute Hamlet (1995) (as Philip S. Hoffman) .... Bernardo / Horatio / Laertes   Nobody's Fool (1994) .... Officer Raymer   When a Man Loves a Woman (1994) .... Gary  The Getaway (1994) (as Philip Hoffman) .... Frank Hansen   Money for Nothing (1993) (as Philip S. Hoffman) .... Cochran   My Boyfriend's Back (1993) (as Philip Hoffman) .... Chuck Bronski   Joey Breaker (1993) .... Wiley McCall  Scent of a Woman (1992) (as Philip S. Hoffman) .... George Willis, Jr.   Leap of Faith (1992) .... Matt   My New Gun (1992) .... Chris   Szuler (1992)  Triple Bogey on a Par Five Hole (1991) (as Phil Hoffman) .... Klutch   \\"Law & Order\\" .... Steven Hanauer (1 episode, 1991)    FILM ROLES OF TOM CRUISE    Valkyrie (2008) .... Col. Claus von Stauffenberg   Tropic Thunder (2008) .... Les Grossman  Lions for Lambs (2007) .... Senator Jasper Irving   Mission: Impossible III (2006) .... Ethan Hunt  War of the Worlds (2005) .... Ray Ferrier   Collateral (2004) .... Vincent   The Last Samurai (2003) .... Nathan Algren   Austin Powers in Goldmember (2002) .... Austin Powers (in film \\"Austinpussy\\")  Minority Report (2002) .... Chief John Anderton   Vanilla Sky (2001) .... David Aames   Mission: Impossible II (2000) .... Ethan Hunt  Magnolia (1999) .... Frank T.J. Mackey  [[ASIN:B000UJ48U4 Eyes Wide Shut (Unrated Two-Disc Special Edition)]] (1999) .... Dr. William 'Bill' Harford  \\"3rd Rock from the Sun\\" .... Guy on Couch (1 episode, 1998)  Jerry Maguire (1996) .... Jerry Maguire   Mission: Impossible (1996) .... Ethan Hunt  Interview with the Vampire: The Vampire Chronicles (1994) .... Lestat de Lioncourt  The Firm (1993) .... Mitch McDeere   A Few Good Men (1992) .... Lt. Daniel Kaffee   Far and Away (1992) .... Joseph Donnelly   Days of Thunder (1990) .... Cole Trickle  Born on the Fourth of July (1989) .... Ron Kovic   Rain Man (1988) .... Charlie Babbitt   Young Guns (1988) (uncredited) .... Cowboy   Cocktail (1988) .... Brian Flanagan   The Color of Money (1986) .... Vincent Lauria   Top Gun (1986) .... Lt. Pete 'Maverick' Mitchell   Legend (1985) .... Jack  All the Right Moves (1983) .... Stefen Djordjevic  Risky Business (1983) .... Joel Goodsen   Losin' It (1983) .... Woody   The Outsiders (1983) .... Steve Randle  Taps (1981) .... Cadet Captain David Shawn  Endless Love (1981) .... Billy    -----------  Quiz Kid Donnie Smith: I'm sick.   Thurston Howell: Stay that way.   ======================================
0783235666|5.0|When THE BIRDS was first released in 1963, audiences were terrified at the notion that birds might turn on humanity with a sudden viciouness that seemed to have a controlling intelligence behind it.  Director Alfred Hitchcock wisely allows his stars (Rod Taylor and Tippi Hedren) time to get to know each other before the first bird attack.  When this attack occurs, it seems almost an afterthought.  It is only after a few incidents that it becomes clear that nature has altered its basic calculus.  The scenes of birds attacking humans are truly upsetting, the more so since Hitchcock provides only a potential allegory as a subtext for meaning. All too often, viewers ask, \\"Why are the birds doing this?\\" Hitchcock was too smart to provide a ready made answer.  The explanation for horror is no more welcome than an explanation for a joke. Instead, he uses the lovely Tippi Hedren as the locus of the film as one who not only provides a romantic interest for Taylor but as one who seems somehow inexplicably intertwined with the avian assaults on humanity.  She is the one who suffers the first attack.  She is the one who is physically present in every scene of such attacks. And she is the one who is accused by an hysterical woman in a diner: \\"You are evil!\\" It is nonsense, of course, to blame Hedren since logically there is no basis for the accusation.  But Hitchcock is a master at pricking beneath the skin in a manner that pays no heed to logic.  Instead, he subtly sets up Hedren as a straw woman so that the audience does not realize that THERE IS NO RATIONAL EXPLANATION. Rather, viewers unconsciously connect the hysterical woman's outburst to the harsh reality of pecking beaks. Further, the concluding scene of the birds' temporary passivity at dawn implies that there is a master plan at work and Hedren may be an unknowing participant.  So effective is Hitchcock at focusing our attention on Hedren that we do not feel cheated at being denied a more rational explanation. Thus, THE BIRDS emerges as a thriller that proves once again that the implication of horror is often more chilling than its blunt reality.E BIRDS emerges as a thriller that proves once again that the implication of horror is often more chilling than its blunt reality.
B000UNYJV8|5.0|The movie is wonderful, the director Shane Meadows is great. I wish I had been alerted to the scratches on the back of the disc, which lead to a lot of skipping throughout the movie. Overall, I was just satisfied. The seller should not have listened it as \\"like new,\\" but that's what I get for ordered a used disc!
0143038419|5.0|I was dubious about this book, but I needed something not too demanding to make it through jury duty.  I sat in a crowded room for two hours next to a fidgeting, groaning woman with halitosis and I hardly even noticed.  Elizabeth Gilbert can write.  I'm going to read epl again just for the metaphors.    Why wouldn't a memoir be self-absorbed?  Aren't they supposed to be?  Read _Three Cups of Tea_, by all means.  But when you want to bust out laughing, read this.
B000H6SXMY|5.0|What can I say?  You all know the show.  It's nice to own the complete series.  As I'm watching it, I'm surprised at how good it still is.  I'm even more surprised to find that the reruns that I have been watching on TV seem to have some content cut out (to make more room for more commercials?).  It's great to be able to watch them the way the makers of the show intended, and with better quality, too!
B0002KPIQY|5.0|Dvd in great condition on arrival, Came before the expected delivery date as promised, And as i say in every review, I will definately be shopping with amazon again!
B00000DCHD|4.0|Joel has a fair number of albums, yet 52nd Street and The Stranger are the two Billy Joels which Rolling Stone chose to include in their list of 500 Greatest Albums of All Time.  I can't argue with The Stranger--certainly Joel's greatest album--but 52nd Street?  It does include some essential American pop songs (Big Shot, My Life), and my one of my personal favorites (Zanzibar with its rollicking instrumental solo and catchy chorus).  Furthermore, it is a coherent album (jazzy and cool and full of New York City) something that Joel sometimes has trouble putting together.  However, if you're buying classic Billy Joel, I feel like 1) Glass Houses or 2) Piano Man are the better albums.  Certainly, both have a greater range of musical styles than 52nd street, but ultimately, is musical coherency everything?
B001GAOY5U|4.0|The fact that this is a 3D B) movie made this a purchase compared to a rental. It's called limited edition for a reason and I don't want to wait to save a couple bucks later and deal with used glasses that who knows had them. Besides this movie sounds like fun and i loved the original so this will be a multi watcher for me no matter what!!!! On a 58\\" plasma this movie should be great!
B001E95ZNI|4.0|Back in April '06, I reviewed the book [[ASIN:0425204324 Appaloosa]] by Robert Parker and thought it nothing extraordinary. As a matter of fact, I called it a \\"full-length novel wannabee\\" and gave it but three stars.<br /><br />The visual presentation of the story elevates the entertainment value of it considerably, especially when you have such fine actors as Ed Harris (Virgil Cole), Viggo Mortensen (Everett Hitch), and Jeremy Irons (Randall Bragg) populating the script.<br /><br />There's no point rehashing the plot of the film since it faithfully follows that of the text version and is tidily summarized in my review of the latter. Suffice it to say that the substantive essence of the storyline is the friendship between Virgil and Everett, a friendship which causes the latter to take an action so drastic at the conclusion - brought on by a fickle woman, of course - that it emphasized the relationship's value to both men. Indeed, Hitch becomes the real hero of the story in a poignant sort of way, and one only hopes that, in the alternative universe occupied by these fictional characters, Cole appreciates Everett's gesture.<br /><br />Renee Zellweger plays the role of Allie French, the \\"fickle woman\\" of the piece. As I understand it, Diane Lane was originally targeted for the role but she dropped out. As much as I adore Lane, Zellweger was perhaps better suited since, in my estimation, she portrays pathetic and needy characters better than just about anyone.<br /><br />As I inferred from the credits, much of APPALOOSA was filmed in beautiful northern New Mexico around Chama, the western terminus of the Cumbres and Toltec Steam Railroad, in itself a recreation activity worth mentioning. It's nice to see an American western shot in the U.S.A. instead of Canada for a change.<br /><br />On a superficial level, APPALOOSA reminds me of the 2003 Big Screen release [[ASIN:B0000TANUI Open Range]] starring Robert Duvall, Kevin Costner, and Annette Bening in that in both we have two rugged trail pardners going up against an evil rancher. I think OPEN RANGE the better of the two, though both depict the chaotic nature of close range pistol battles with, I believe, admirable accuracy. Here, there's no pinpoint sharp-shooting at fifty paces as popularized by Eastwood's Man-with-No-Name.<br /><br />The Big Screen Western is a moribund genre. For one such as me that grew up in the 50s and 60s, the reappearance of one is a rare treat to be savored.against an evil rancher. I think OPEN RANGE the better of the two, though both depict the chaotic nature of close range pistol battles with, I believe, admirable accuracy. Here, there's no pinpoint sharp-shooting at fifty paces as popularized by Eastwood's Man-with-No-Name.    The Big Screen Western is a moribund genre. For one such as me that grew up in the 50s and 60s, the reappearance of one is a rare treat to be savored.
0739328190|3.0|This reviewer decided to read Barack Obama's 1994 revised autobiography \\"Dreams from My Father\\" in the fall of 2008 since he was one of the US presidential candidates in 2008. This revised version of the book was released in 2004.    Autobiographies are very useful means to learn from the author's experiences. Autobiographies by authors that were highly successful in their lives, or had a major impact on history, can provide information revealing as many of the valuable lessons the author has learned and recorded for the benefit of the reader. Autobiographies also reveal how authors think.    Overall: the author only believes everything in terms of his liberal dogma beliefs. He is highly critical of blacks that want to just get along and fit into the mainstream. He advocates \\"social justice\\", a euphuism for mob justice. He only rationalizes lawless behavior and will not label anything bad except what contradicts his liberal dogma beliefs. He believes that all the black problems are due to the whites.    The cover of the Three Rivers Press paper-back version states that it is: \\"A Story of Race and Inheritance,\\" and indeed it is. The author presents all of his experiences and acquired knowledge in terms of race and a quest to learn of his Kenyan dad's background. These two issues thoroughly permeate the entire book.    He interprets every experience and thing he knows of in terms of liberal sociological and psychological teachings. It comes through, often seemingly illogically, in his interpretation of every experience and thing he acquires knowledge of on almost every page of the book.    At the end of his Columbia University days, he decided to become a community organizer (or social activist). The author had previously transferred from Occidental college (Oxy) to Columbia University in New York city since most blacks at Oxy wanted to get along with and be successful in the mainstream and were not interested in social activism. He viewed Columbia as being \\"in heartof a true city, with black neighborhoods in close proximity.\\" Oxy is located near Pasadena, a highly enviable and pristine town near Los Angeles, noted for its prosperity and resistance to crack-pot ideas and politics (from what this reviewer knows of that town). The author describes the Oxy environment as being similar to Hawaii, \\"The students were friendly, the teachers encouraging,\\" and the author labels any such behaving blacks as \\"compromise.\\"    While at Oxy, he preferred to associate with: \\"The more politically active black students. The foreign students. The Chicanos. The Marxist professors and structural feminists and punk-rock performance poets. We smoked cigarettes and wore leather jackets. At night, in the dorms, we discussed neocolonialism, Franz Fanon, Eurocentrism, and patriarchy. When we ground out our cigarettes in the hallway carpet or set our stereos so loud that the walls began to shake, we were resisting bourgeois society's stifling constraints. We weren't indifferent or careless  or insecure. We were alienated.\\" And the author appeared to be diligent about being as alien and uncivil in society as he could be with this group of clones of his maternal grandfather.    The harsh and bleak realities of portions of New York City that he stayed in and visited while at Columbia compel the author to cease using drugs and practicing other related dissipations that he indulged in while at Oxy. In other words, he fits very comfortably into the harsh and bleak areas of the NYC environment, but could not tolerate the relatively plush, prosperous, and pristine Pasadena environment. This attitude appears to this reviewer as being a very familiar symptom of firm blessed-be-the-poor type beliefs, whose roots comes from the Roman Catholic Church, which is the mother of socialism (minus the church's assorted deities).    The author has little else to say about his Junior and Senior years at Columbia. The highlight of his stay at Columbia is a visit from his motherand his sister, to check up on him and to show her daughter all the sights to see in the city as well as other locations in the continental US.    After college, he became a research assistant in a consulting house to multinational corporations -- with the intent of staying only long enough to pay off his college expenses. He described himself as \\"spy  behind enemy lines,\\" still in the mind-set of an hostile alien. He was the envy of the other black employees at that firm and they were proud of him but disparaged of his plans to become a community organizer. After he was promoted to financial writer, he left the company (and it leaves him in excellent financial condition) to pursue his community organizer interests. His initial community organizer work proves to be unprofitable (and leaves him in poor financial condition).    Then he interviewed with a Chicago based community organizer (highlighting that he looked very out-of-shape and unkempt, and was Jewish). The community organizer asked him, \\"Hmmph.\\"...\\"You must be angry about something.\\" The author replied: \\"What do you mean by that?\\" The community organizer answered: \\"I don't know what exactly. But something. Don't get me wrong -- anger's a requirement for the job. The only reason anybody decides to become an organizer. Well adjusted people find more relaxing work.\\" So this preferred career choice showed that the author had developed a large measure of anger about race.    His dad (Barack Obama, Sr.) was from Kenya. His dad was resourceful and intelligent enough to get a scholarship to attend college in Hawaii. That is where he met his white mother (Ann Dunham). He digressed to describe her parents (Stanley (family familiar: \\"Gramps\\") and Madelyn (family familiar: \\"Toot\\") Dunham) and their backgrounds. It is his white grandparents who perform a major portion of the author's upbringing (the cover photographs show that author bears a striking resemblance to his white maternal grandfather - the text makes no mention of this). His white grandfather always preferred the company of blacks as he was something of a wild rebel and simply did not fit into main (white) society. This likely influenced his daughter's decision to marry Barack Obama Sr.. His daughter's marriage only lasted a short while. Barack Obama Sr. Received a scholarship to do graduate work at Harvard, so he just left the author at about age two and his mother in Hawaii with the grandparents and went to Harvard. He turned downed a more generous financial offer from another university in New York city that would have allowed the entire family to go there but he preferred the prestige of Harvard - but with its less generous financial offer. So he went to Harvard by himself.    Meanwhile, Stanley Dunham received a long and harsh letter from Obama Sr.'s severe father (Hussein Onyango) denouncing the marriage and it became apparent to her from the other contents of the letter that Barack Obama Sr. was still legally (or by local tradition) married to his first Kenyan wife and so she divorced him since she did not approve of polygamy. Before the marriage, Barack Obama Sr. had told Ann Dunham that he had separated from his first Kenyan wife that he had been married in a traditional village marriage. The narrative later explains that polygamy is a Kenyan tradition (ditto the rest of sub saharan Africa) and when a Kenyan marriage ends, the children go to the father, if he wants them. African traditions are like laws and are treated as having more authority than civil laws (the book does not discuss this matter but you cannot miss it if you know any Africans or have visited the continent). Hussein Onyango was vehemently opposed to that marriage since he had become very familiar with western culture (he had immersed himself in it when the British showed up in order to learn their ways and to learn how to defeat them) and knew that no white woman would put up with a polygamous African husband. His long and harsh letter to Stanley Dunham effectively torpedoed his daughter's marriage to Barack Obama Sr. once she had read it.    After Harvard, Barack Obama Sr. went back to Kenya with his next American white wife (Ruth, 2 children) while still married to the first Kenyan wife (2 children). He worked for the local Shell oil division and then used his connections to get a government job in the Ministry of Tourism. It lasted until his well known imperious manner got him into trouble with Jomo Kenyatta himself. He had to scrape by on handouts until Kenyatta died and then he got another government job in the Ministry of Finance. Meanwhile, he routinely became drunk so that his third wife Ruth left him after his first DUI car accident that killed the other driver (a white farmer). The author only saw him for a few days while he was living in Hawaii (when his dad came to stay to recover from his first major auto wreck). He then had a young fourth wife (1 child). Later his dad got killed in his final auto wreck.    This missing dad later motivates the author to search out information about him since he was never really raised by him at all and only sent him a number of short general type letters. His dad was spread too thin from one continent to another, one wife and the children by her (not \\"her children\\" according to Kenyan tradition), and with other wives and the children by them. Therefore, he ended up not being an effective real-time dad to any of the children he fathered. Only one of the author's male Kenyan relatives realizes that polygamy simply does not work. The author was somewhat shattered by what he found out from his relatives in Kenya about his father.    The author's mother married an Indonesian student (Lolo) after divorcing Barack Obama, Sr. and moved to Indonesia with the author. His step-father fathered his half-sister Maya. The author's step-father took a genuine interest in his development and upbringing, teaching him how to survive and cope in a hazardous, corrupt, and wretched society. This training appears to be the basis of the author's unrivalled political skills. This marriage lasts until the author's mother decided that this husband was too cooperative with that country's corruptive practices to get by (her impractical idealism clashed badly with his practical reality methods) and did not like how the author was being treated in the local schools (since Asians are intolerant of racial differences). The author's step-father tried hard to provide for and shelter his family -- at a level far above the norm for Indonesian society, but the author's mother resented it all since none of this conformed to her ideals of absolute ideological perfection. One can afford to have these ideas, courtesy of a rule-of-law society, such as in the US, whether these impractical ideas work or not, anywhere at all -- but not in a social Darwinist type society, such as Indonesia, where no one can survive on the ideals of absolute ideological perfection. So in the end, ideological incorrectness ended the marriage. The author labels his step father as a compromiser, despite all the survival skills he taught him that he very effectively uses for politics.    On the other hand, the author's mother was, to some degree, justified to object to the corrupt practices present in Indonesian society since that is what make a third world country a third world country. This reviewer has encountered a number of people from the third world who were raised on social Darwinist principles. They always look only after themselves, they will take advantage of you every time you have to work with them, they take credit for your work, they hide information you need - even if you have requested it, they walk all over you, they make you appear to be useless, and in the end - they cause you to be booted out.    The author's mother then took her children back to Hawaii (when the author was about 10 years old) to have their grandparents raise them while she was working on her social work and then divorced Lolo. That's right, her social work was more important than than raising her children. Sound familiar? The Dunhams seem to have been already immersed in the lower end of US self-serving, self-righteous, and all about-me social behavior.    Back in Hawaii, his maternal grandfather's boss used his alumni connections to get the author admitted to Punahou, a private secondary school in Hawaii. The author completed grades 5 to 12 at Punahou. A notable incident there was a white high-school friend's discomfort at an all-black party that made the author feel as if he was regarded as societal alien by all whites and this angered him very intensely. This incident appears to stir up his festering anger about race.    Later, his grandmother insists on being driven to work on a day following an incident where a black man had harassed her at the bus stop. This incident cements his anger about race.    The book even explains how he developed his renown smooth-saying abilities (from pages 94-95 of the Three Rivers Press and Crown Publishers paperback versions):    \\"...and one day she\\" (referring to his mother) \\"had marched into my room, wanting to know the details of Pablo's arrest. I had given her a reassuring smile and patted her hand and told her not to worry, I wouldn't do anything stupid. It was usually an effective tactic, another one of those tricks I had learned: People were satisfied so long as you were courteous and smiled and made no sudden moves. They were more than satisfied, they were relieved -- such a pleasant surprise to find a well-mannered young black man who didn't seem angry all the time.\\"    So there you have the explanation for his smooth-saying: an effective tactic, that uses a courteous demeanor and reassuring smile to trick people into being satisfied with whatever he was saying (while hiding his anger). Moreover, he explains that is also an effective means to deceive (trick) people. No wonder he defeated Senator Clinton in the democrat primary in 2008. She was merely a talented deceit-sayer. On the other hand, her opponent was a much more talented and seasoned smooth-sayer and deceit-sayer. This also explains why he manages the amazing feat of continuing to maintain his associations with radicals of all types while maintaining his popular appeal to the mainstream (it looks like the Lolo taught survival skills).    Those two pages of the revised 1994 autobiography grabbed the reviewer's attention more than any other portion of the book since they explain so very much about this author.    Until about three fourths into the autobiography, he views western religions (but not eastern religions) with some disdain except that he enjoys the singing and music (that is, the entertainment). During his community organizer career period in Chicago, a number of people he was working with advised him to see a very popular minister (a Rev. Jerimiah Wright, Jr.) who was very effective with getting social type work done. So he went to see Jeremiah Wright at the Trinity Baptist Church. The narrative radically changes its character here to portray Jeremiah Wright as a saint. Jeremiah Wright is the only adult male he describes positively and non-critically that he experienced up to 1994 in the book. Rev. Wright explains his background and how he got to be where he then was to the author. He explains that he sampled Islam and activist issues, but in the end, he decided to return to his religious \\"Christian\\" origins and obtained a PhD in the history of religion. He explains that the Trinity Baptist Church emphasizes African history and scholarship.    While visiting the Trinity Baptist Church that day, the author picks up a silver brochure entitled \\"\\"Black Value System\\" - that the congregation had adopted in 1979. At the top of the list was a commitment to God, \\"who will give us the strength to give up prayerful passivism and become Black Christian activists, soldiers for Black freedom and the dignity of all humankind.\\" Then a commitment to the black community and black family, education, the work ethic, discipline, and self-respect.\\" This black religious activism blends more-or-less homogeneously with the authors secular activist ideas and beliefs. The author highlights a portion in the brochure that encourages the pursuit of income but discourages the pursuit of class status. This specific anti-socialist principle explains the sustained growth and success of the church and the success and prosperity of the church's members. Other black activist churches limp along with their socialist baggage but the Trinity Baptist Church long ago dumped this specific socialist baggage it may have had and this apparently caused it to enormously prosper. Ingenious!    Rev. Wright also describes his social work and this impresses the young author since that is what he was focusing his career on. This motivates the young author to follow a suggestion by Rev. Wright to attend one of his sermons in the Trinity Baptist church a short while later. The author has a so-called \\"religious experience\\" during the very first service, no doubt boosted by Rev. Wright's inflammatory black activist rhetoric. If you watch any of those sermons on YouTube, you will see Wright's radical inflammatory black activist rhetoric (G-- D--- America!, etc.) and how it puts the Trinity Baptist congregation into a rapturous state of ecstasy and joy. And in one of those videos, he gets the congregation so stirred up and excited, that one of the church officials has to rush up to Wright from behind to merely touch him, as if to reap the benefit of touching a god. Now that's entertainment! - and a incredibly very false religion too!    Before that point, the narrative mostly criticizes the state of the blacks in this country, blames all their problems and pathologies on everything and especially the whites but except themselves, and there is nothing good he does not condemn and nothing bad he does not rationalize and justify to himself. He even witnessed a street shooting (two black punks chasing a third) in Chicago that he has to dive out of the way from, but proceeds to rationalize the shooters deadly conduct once the action has passed. The narrative resumes its prior dogmatic tone after passing by the effusive description of Rev. Jeremiah Wright (who seems to be an idealized version of the author's not-so-ideal father).    Scattered in a few spots in the book, he singles out President Reagan with seething contempt and scathing criticism (pages 133 & 203).    Near the end of his Chicago community organizer days, he decides that politics would be a more effective means to achieve his community organizer related objectives. He then decides to enroll in the Harvard law school, where he was extremely successful.    The author describes several trips to Kenya to visit his dad's relatives in the last portion of the book. His female half-sisters and aunts tried valiantly to describe how the Kenyan traditions oppress them but he could only see their complaints due to the white colonists. Colonialism never erased any of the African traditions in any African country since they are so very intensely institutionalized. This portion of the book is very interesting but the author interprets everything in terms of liberal dogma and this detracts from it.    Later, the author is married by Rev. Jeremiah Wright in the Trinity Baptist Church.    The book shows that once he wins the election, he will surely appoint judges that believe in \\"social justice\\" and will rationalize and excuse every imaginable act of lawlessness.    Reading the 1994 autobiography was a thoroughly unpleasant and down-throwing experience. I have never read a book that was as unpleasant as that one. Even \\"Quotations from Chairman Mao,\\" stuffed with nothing but highly repetitive totalitarian dogma is more uplifting than \\"Dreams from My Father.\\" The author is obviously very articulate and has excellent powers of recall (he seemsto possess a photographic memory) but there is far too much negativism, endless brooding, and bitterness in his thinking. And all that negativism is all written down in \\"Dreams from My Father.\\" The book more or less provides the foundation that proves that the mixed raced society in the US is a total comprehensive failure.    Well yes, his dad thoroughly abandoned him, his mother often left him with her parents to do her self-fulfilling self-righteous social work overseas, and his liberal grandparents did most of his upbringing. But he grew up mostly in Hawaii, except for a brief time in Indonesia (where he was well provided for), attended mostly private schools in Hawaii (courtesy of the \\"connections\\" his maternal grandfather was able to exploit), and graduated from an renown and respected college, and was a successful high achiever at the prestigious Harvard law school. So he was generously provided for, not necessarily by his parents, but by the people left to raise him. This enabled him to capable of becoming highly successful at earning a living. So he had a much more privileged upbringing than most people in the US had but had a similar very faulty upbringing that many others have had in the US. The mixed race upbringing instilled much anger in him and it does not seem that he knows entirely how to live. And the author was the successful winning candidate to become President of the United States. And the news media overwhelmingly cheered him on as if he was the messiah (or 12th mahdi, depending the point of religious reference that applies). And finally, how will all that anger inside come out while he is the US President? The book suggests that in whatever it will be, this anger will come out smooth and sugar coated, but with nothing but terrible consequences inside.    One could argue that his the authors views have changed since the book was revised in 2004 but that wasn't very long ago. The book explains the foundation of the author's opinions and beliefs.    As for rating the book, it is well written and detailed, and provides excellent insights into the author's thinking and experiences (a 5 rating). However, what it reveals is very negative and the book drones on and on throughout with the author preaching his dogmas and all of this makes the book a very unpleasant read, but it was a valuable experience (a 1 to 2 rating). So I gave it an average 3 rating overall. The narrative does not flow chronologically and the account needs to be pieced together as in the manner of solving a puzzle. That is a common literary style and I did not use that for the rating. Anyone that carried out their \\"civic duty to vote\\" in November 2008 ar any other time in the future should read or have read this book beforehand no matter how pleasant or unpleasant they may find it to read. It will be a basis for a much more informed experience than all of the useless noise emanating from all of the political campaigns.
B001DHXT2A|5.0|By far this version of The Incredible Hulk is head and shoulders above the 2003 Ang Lee's flop. The CGI is superb more realistic in comparison to the fluorescent green Hulk in the previous version. Just take a look at Hulks detailed deffinition in his muscles and body structure, very cool. I truly enjoyed this film the action is incredible, the special effects are amazing. I am glad that Marvel is producing their own movies, you can see the difference in the story telling and the overall quality. I am now looking forward for every new Marvel movie that is soon to come out. You just know that this in going to be a sequel since their was a guest appearance from Stark/Iron Man, I can't wait.
B0000029GA|4.0|If your a Nas fan, you need to get the CD that started it all! Favorite tracks: life's a bitch and ain't hard to tell but then again, the whole cd is what it is and should be! A REALLY GOOD ALBUM!
B00005JPO1|1.0|This movie has George Lucas' hands all over it. Now 20 years ago that might of been a good thing. But since the Phantom Menace, he must think the general movie going audience's are retards. I was insulted to no end watching this movie, sure it had some fun moments, but fun moments do not a good movie make. The whole thing was predictable, and the parts that were not were just terrible. I still love Harrison Ford and I still love the first 3 films, but there's something that happens to a artist when they're not hungry anymore. They lose that passion that made their early stuff so fun. Spielberg and Lucas are not hungry anymore and this film is another example. I will always cherish their early work. There is no soul here, just a bunch of people who know that if you put \\"Indiana Jones\\" in the title it's gonna make a lot of cold cash.
B000JD9UO0|4.0|This rather well-known novel is a detective whodunnit set in the old Soviet Union during the late cold war, and therein lies its fascination.  The author really does his homework, and we get a glimpse of that society with many or most of its warts on full display.  Here we see the old Soviet Union as what it was; a deeply flawed system under the control of a corrupt bureaucracy made up of, yes, corruptible human beings.  We also get a glimpse of how Soviet citizens tended to perceive Americans and Westerners.  This achievement is not a negligible one.  Incidentally, in this novel Westerners are not portrayed in a particularly favorable light.  In fact, the overall theme of this novel could reasonably be said to follow the old aphorism: \\"The problem with Communism is Communism.  The problem with Capitalism is Capitalists.\\"<br /><br />As a whodunnit, this one is not bad.  Detective Arkady Renko is a sympathetic character.  The author's writing style is somewhat murky, but he overcomes this with a wry sense of humor and a gritty realism.  If you are interested in the old Soviet Union, or just like an off-beat detective novel, do not pass this one up.
0316035904|4.0|I read the original version of this collection a few years ago and really enjoyed it so I jumped at the chance of reading the stories again and the new additional stories! The new stories are definitely a welcome addition!<br /><br />Of the original stories, The SantaLand Diaries starts the collection off on a hilarious note. You get to read bout the inner workings of being a department store Christmas elf. The crazy santas, elves and customers! Season's Greetings to Our Friends and Family!!! starts off innocently enough as a family holiday letter and quickly takes a turn for the hilariously insane, like a lot of Sedaris's stories.<br /><br />Of the new stories, Jesus Shaves is by far my favorite. It had me crying from laughing so hard. I don't want to give anything away, so just trust me, it's hilarious. Six to Eight Black Men was also hilarious along the same line. Definitely learned things I didn't know about how other countries celebrate to holidays.<br /><br />I wasn't totally fond of The Monster Mash, about a trip to a medical examiner's office, it spoke to my weak stomach and my stomach said no thank you. But it still had it's funny moments.<br /><br />All in all this is a hilarious holiday collection and the new stories are a welcome addition helping add additional holidays to this collection.
B001DDBCUU|5.0|This movie is a perfect keeper for the Sex And the City fan. Due to the way the movie begins and covers the girls lives a new comer will also enjoy this movie.   Sex and the City: The Movie lives up to expectations. This takes you not only through Carrie's life and brings you up to her current life's story, but also brings you up to speed on Carrie's friends lives.  I can speed this up and say \\"Buy the DVD, you wont be disappointed.\\"
B000YKG5L4|5.0|I am a massage therapist and I use this CD as part of my massage music.  It is absolutely perfect for both me and the client.  I like to have lyrics when I massage people, but it must be a relaxing, appealing sound for the client.  I am so happy to have been introduced to OneRebublic!  I especially love this CD! There isn't one song I feel the need to skip past and not one person has had a negative comment about it. The harmonizing is phenominal.  Great music, lyrics and rhythms.  This one is up there with my James Blunt and August Rush CD's!
B000H5TVJY|1.0|Very simplistic and cliche \\"ooooh, he's so evil\\" screenplay, and Bale gives yet another stiff performance, with the same frown and pursed lips as in every other film he's done. Maybe he should do Metal Gear Solid; The Movie with that tough-guy frown.
B001DHXT1G|5.0|This Is the perfect Blu Ray movie!!  Hands Down  I dare say too that It might be slightly better than Iron Man. Yes the ending gives us great hope for \\"A TEAM\\"  Everythings great story effects-Edward Norton Is great. Everything about this movie Is done with style.  A great ride Too Pure Fun
B001DHXT2A|5.0|This is how the movie should have been done.Edward Norton is the perfect choice for Bruce Banner.Sure,it's a bit sci/fi- maybe a looong shot with fantasy(considering your interpertation).Nonetheless, all of the characters are down to earth(no pun) and very plausible to me in a real world.             The comedy relief is paced well throughout and takes nothing away by being too cheesy w/cameo appearances and nods to the old series from the 70's.Story and characterization is always first in any movie and they have proved it here.              I haven't watched all of the extras except for the alternate opening scene.2:30 ... more of a deleted scene ,but well worth watching.  Next is my digital copy(a first for me) that came with the movie.Not sure if I'll watch it on my ipod,but if it's there,I know I'll want to watch this one for sure.
B00192KCQ0|4.0|This album is definitely a welcome return to what Metallica does best:  Music written and played fast and hard.  They're back on the top of their game.  Way to go guys!
B00004U8P9|5.0|This is a great 2-DVD Set for the Rocky Horror Picture Show Fan!!! Includes US and UK Versions of the film that are THX mastered,plus a laboratory full of great extras!!! A real Hot Patootie of a DVD!!! Dammit Janet,this DVD now seems to be out of print,hopefully it will be released again for the fans,the single disc is fine,but this now OOP 2 DVD set Absolute Pleasure!!! If you can find this at a decent price,get it!!! I'm sure in 2010 there will be a 35th Ann. Edition,probably on Blu Ray as well as DVD,but for now,we have this set to enjoy!!!PS don't forget the rice,toilet paper(Scott preferably!)and water pistols!!! Recommended!!!
0780624890|5.0|Up until 1998 comic book movies were a joke. Sometimes they had some campy charm and were marginal successes but aside from the Michael Keaton Batman film in 1989 none of them had been all of that good. Even with that movie's fame, the successive films did their best to kill all of the best parts of that franchise until everyone's memories had been sullied by the horrors of the sequals. Marvel had a particularly hard time releasing its products to film and its two successes up to 1998, The Punisher and Captain America, were so bad that even fans of the characters felt the need to apologize for them.     Into this mix came Blade, a much lesser known character than previous Marvel and DC attempts to make movies about their characters but in a way that helped. Writer David Goyer and Director Stephen Norrington were able to tell the story that they wanted to tell without having to pay homage to 25 years of comic book history or to hordes of angry fans that wanted to make sure that their version of the character was the one presented on-screen. In fact the movie deviates greatly from the Marvel version of Blade's origin and his powers and they borrow the character of Whistler from Fox's Spider-Man The Animated Series to give Blade a mentor and father figure.     This movie was a success for several reasons. First, it took the story seriously. Blade wasn't a campy super-hero who had hilarious misadventures. The movie is serious from the opening moments when a man who thought that he was being picked up by a hot woman and taken to a party finds out that he's really the appetizer at a vampire rave. While certain elements like the character of Quinn lighten specific moments the characters always act as if the danger and the situations are real.    Second, the movie is an action movie rather than a horror movie. Vampires have almost always been placed in the horror mold. The genius of Blade is to depict vampires more as members of a kind of mafia rather than as the creaturesthat live in solitary mansions and prey on hapless virgins. The horror and fear are there. Norrington does a tremendous job in presenting a world to us in which creatures skulk around in the dark and the script describes a world that most of us are unaware of but influences our lives on a daily basis. However, even with these elements we are in full action mode as Blade takes on this mafia with all of the weapons at his disposal and his knowledge of martial arts. The fighting is done so well that you even let our cheers as Blade dispatches his foes in spectacular style. Many of the things that the Matrix would take credit for, such as bullet time and the idea that the world that we live in is an illusion (although this is a little more literal in Matrix), were developed in Blade first and usually with far more skill and style.     Third, there is an emphasis on character here that shouldn't be taken for granted. Most superhero movies are obsessed with action to the point that characters simply don't have time to grow. That isn't so here. The tragedy of Blade's life is presented to us and then further developed as we see how Blade being a man that fits into neither world can't live with vampires and that the relationships that he establishes with humans can never last. Deacon Frost is also developed well as his relationships with Quinn, Karen, and Dragonetti develop him to show that he is the complete antithesis of Blade: A hedonist that cares only about fomenting chaos and gratifying his own desires.     Finally, there's a wonderful synergy from all involved. The actors give great performances. Wesley Snipes is the gruff hero with just enough sass to deliver some witty lines to break the tension in some dramatic scenes. Kris Kristofferson plays the father figure and elder hero who has to die to give way to the younger generation. His obvious love for Blade comes through the subtleties of the performance rather than any overt dialogue. Stephen Dorff is fantastic as Deacon Frost who wants nothing more than to gratify his own desires and to be restrained by no one. His casual disdain of everyone around him except when he wants something shows the kind of character that he is. Then we have some great direction from Norrington who has the world move around us with time lapse photography when we aren't looking and gives the impression of things hidden all around. Turning up the brightness during the daylight helps to showcase how foreign that world is once you've been steeped in Blade's nighttime world. The script is a top-notch Goyer contribution. As usual with Goyer everything that is introduced has a purpose and all of the elements join together by the end of the movie so that everything from Blade's mom to comments about whether or not Karen will turn, to the biting of Dr Webb all come back when they will have maximum story impact.     If the story has any flaws it is that Deacon's idea to turn everyone into vampires makes no sense unless you assume that he is so interested in fomenting chaos that he would like to see a world full of vampires who feed on each other but this is never stated on screen and it would have been nice if there was some dialogue for it. The other problem is that La Magra is a bit of a disappointment once it appears. After building up to this since the midway point of the movie you expect something more than what you see but this is one of those things that you don't really think about until after your first viewing when you're thinking back on the movie.     Many movies like the Matrix, Daredevil, and the X-Men trilogy probably would have never been made or would have been radically different if it wasn't for the cult success of Blade and the techniques that it pioneered. Give it a try as a must-see movie experience if you are either a fan of comics or any of the aforementioned movies.
0312427999|5.0|Naomi Klein has summed it all up.  There definitely is a lot of history to go through, but it is so interesting and keeps your interest all the way through. It is far from a personal perspective on Global and Domestic Shock Economics.  She backs up everything with citations from a multitude of sources, worldwide. Her allusions and similes based on hard facts scared the hell out of me of what the government has been capable of over the past 60 years.<br /><br />It seems like she has \\"outed\\" the Shock Economists, The \\"Chicagoans\\", all the followers of Milton Friedman's \\"Free Market Economy\\".  You learn how greed just changed the playing field. Now that she has \\"outed\\" them, I just hope more people will read this and speak out against the \\"Shock Doctrine\\" the next time it is carried out.  This should be required reading in any economics, history or political science class at the university level.  Thank you Ms. Klein for putting it out there!
B000R7I3LY|4.0|This album is mostly retakes on Sara Bareilles' initial release album, \\"Careful Confessions.\\" Despite that the sounds of \\"Little Voice\\" are of a different style than her debut album. If you really liked the style of \\"Careful Confessions\\" you may be disappointed to find a slightly less punchy sound in this release.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|I WAS EXTREMELY IMPRESSED WITH METALLLICA'S LATEST RELEASE \\"DEATH MAGNETIC\\". THESE GUYS ARE GETTING OLD BUT, CLEARLY FAR FROM DEMENTIA. THEY STILL REMEMBER WHAT ROCK IS AND THIS RELEASE IS IT, MAYBE RIVALING THE POTENCY AND GRIT OF \\"MASTER OF PUPPETS\\". IT JUST MIGHT BE THEIR MASTERPIECE!!
B0015HS5S6|5.0|I would love to own a copy of Blu-ray NEMO, but the problem is, it has not even been released yet!!<br />How can u guys rate the formats of this movie?<br />For some of us here, we are after the formats of the movie, not the story lines ...<br />Amazon, please do something.
B001DHXT1G|1.0|This disc doesn't play in Samsumg players.  It's unfortunate.  Guess I'll have to stick with the two \\"Batman\\" movies, \\"Iron Man,\\" the \\"Spider-Man\\" trilogy, even three Superman films (The Movie, II (Donner Cut), and Returns) and let the team that worked on \\"The Incredible Hulk\\" go back to the drawing board and learn how to make a blu-ray disc the right way!
B001GAPC1K|4.0|If you are wondering if it is a good buy for this Blu-ray format disc, buy!<br />A really good buy, beautiful colors, superb pictures and sound quality. Not bad story line.
B000H6SXMY|1.0|We ordered the \\"Friends - the Complete Series Collection\\" from Royal  Video on Sept. 19, 2008.  They accepted our payment but never shipped the item. We tried contacting them and never received a response, and as of today October 26, 2008.  I would not order anything from this company again.  I gave them a 1 star rating only because I couldn't give them a zero.  Buyers beware and stay away from Royal Video.
B00153ZRHM|5.0|\\"The Illusionist\\" is an absorbing, well-acted film that is part love story, part mystery, and all engrossing. Edward Norton is the magician who seems to possess supernatural powers. As a kid from the wrong side of the tracks he falls for a patrician girl, Duchess Sophia and thus begins the story.<br /> New York Times film critic A.O. Scott (10/24/08) reviewing the cop movie \\"Pride and Glory\\" said it \\"brings out the full measure of Mr. Norton's vanity, by far his least appealing attribute.\\" In this film Norton plays a charismatic illusionist so one does expect a little more egotism and vanity than one would get, in say a cop.<br />Paul Giamatti is superb as the police inspector under the thumb of Crown Prince Leopold, the magician's rival for the love of Sophia. The setting is 1900 Vienna with the Austro-Hungarian Empire in full swing. The illusionist develops a cult following among the people which irks the Crown Prince. Norton's cold, detached attitude and the sense of dread and menace he kindles make the movie a pleasure to watch. The mystery near the end turns it into a fascinating detective story. The photography is outstanding and stunningly imaginative.
0440236738|2.0|This is my 2nd Harlan Coben book, & I'm equally disappointed. Both books have essentially the same theme, something happened years ago, a whole bunch of characters who utimately all end up interlinked (seems I'm the only one not connected to one of the characters!);  really poorly defined characters & far-out twists! I'm done with Coben.
B001G7HKZ4|5.0|Never heard of it, decided to give it a go on a rainy day.<br />Very pleasantly surprised, was a very good movie and fun to watch.<br />I definitely recommend it.
B001DU8T6I|5.0|I didn't think Demi would have this awesome of a CD from her preformance in Camp Rock.  She was good, but I thought her songs would be more like This is Me (from Camp Rock), boy was I wrong.  She has an amazing voice, I really like it.  Every song is so good.  There isn't any that I have to skip over, they are all just so good.  If you aren't going to buy this CD because you think because Demi is a Disney girl she'll be like Hannah Montana/Miley Cyrus I encourage you to buy this CD, she is way better than Hannah Montana.
B00009YOQW|5.0|This toy is lovely. The tones are beautiful (not abrasive) and are the C, B, and A notes that you would play \\"Mary Had a Little Lamb.\\" I'm not sure what was wrong with the drum from one of the other reviews, because ours seems to be very durable. I have a baby less than a year old and he rolls it, throws it, and beats it to high Heaven with that little rubber mallet...not a problem yet! He just loves it!
B001CT877Q|3.0|To my taste this is one of the best action movies Arnold Schwarzenegger made, good acting from the main cast, also good performance from James Caan.  The picture quality is very good on this Blu-Ray disc, and the Dolby ThruHD 5.1 sound is very nice!  But this disc contains only a movie, no extra's, not even a trailer (Boo, bad Warner Bros)... The option menu is also very simple, a Play Movie and a setup option for your sound and subtitles.  This is why this Blu-Ray only get 3 stars from me.
B001DHXT1G|5.0|In all honesty, I thought this was much more entertaining than Iron Man. I also think it's probably the best Marvel film so far. Some might disagree but I found this to be extremely fun. I only thought that a few bad lines and a little bit of bad acting (Liv Tyler for the most part) were the only flaws this carried. As for the Blu-ray features...    Video: 4.5/5  Audio: 5/5  Features: 4/5    Overall, this was a good Blu-ray release. The picture is absolutely spectacular, the audio is great and it has some awesome bonus features. I recommend this if you want to have a fun time.
B000MZHW40|5.0|I really love this movie. I'm South AFrican and I think Leonarda Di Caprio does a stellar job in his role and I enjoyed the whole story.
B001BKXUOQ|1.0|WTF is up this album. Did slipknot go pop? The album starts out really good and then it falls on its face. Dont compare this to st. anger cause st. anger suxs death magnetic is better. Compare this to Killswitch Engage and see which one is better.
0575081406|5.0|The Name of the Wind is definitely in the swords-and-sorcery genre, set in a vaguely medieval preindustrial world with magic and dragons, but it's a truly marvelous example of the type.  First-class writing, memorable characters, and a very human story.  I anxiously await the second volume..
0930289234|4.0|You may not like comic books but you will love this one. I didn't enjoy the art in Watchmen, but the writing I loved it. Buy this book if you like a good story.
0446579939|3.0|I just finished The Lucky one, and although I am a big Nicholas Sparks fan, this is not his best work.  Quite predictable overall.  First, the good... I really like the way the storyline is weaved together. Very well done.  Two thumbs up on the Iraq war sequences, really helps to develop Logan's character.  I also quite enjoyed the relationship development between Logan's dog Zeus, and Beth's son Ben.        I have two main issues with the novel.  first, the Ex-husband, Keith is portrayed as a man without ANY apparent redeeming qualities. Virtually every act he performs up to the finale is done in a calculating, self-centered, and manipulative manner.  In the end though he is remembered as a beloved husband?  Finally, the last fourth of the book seems quite rushed, without enough to fully develop the situation.  I've read many books in the past, where I have wondered if the author really needed the last hundred or so pages.  In this case though, I wonder what Sparks could have done with another fifty pages.  Looming deadline? Get to market in time for the Christmas shopping season?  Is the ending really as originally intended?  Seemed a bit tacked on at the last moment.  Overall worth the read if you're a fan, but not for first time readers.  Much better to start with The Rescue, or Dear John if you enjoy the Military setting.
B000VRSTEQ|4.0|Like the title suggests some of Aerosmith's biggest known revival hits are on this release.  I think what should be on any compilation is subjective, but I think the point of this release was to gather a lot of hits in one place.  And that they did.<br /><br />Big Ones is still a good release, and Big Fun to listen to.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I started using this DVD about 6 weeks ago to add some variety into my exercise routine. The first time I used the DVD (I tried Work Out 1) I was exhausted, and my legs, tush and stomach were sore for two days after. Jillian's work out found muscles I hadn't been working on my own, which was exactly what I wanted. Now I do two work outs back-to-back four times a week and feel energized after. My muscles are much more toned (not bulky), and I feel much stronger. Because each work out shows different intensities, this is a great work out for a new or seasoned exerciser.
B001H5X7JS|4.0|Great fun. I haven't enjoyed a comedy this much in a very long time. While the pace of the movie did die off at times, it was more than made up for in other parts of the movie.
0307383415|2.0|I am a college educated, bi-racial female in my early twenties and the hypersensitive racial observations found in Barack Obama's book Dreams from my Father left me a bit miffed.  It seems his preoccupation with race and heritage are more a symptom of the trauma he felt at his father's absence than an inspirational story as the subtitle suggests.  Being bi-racial, I too had an \\"awakening\\" of sorts when I realized I did not look like all the kids at school--but my restlessness pertaining to this aspect of my identity vanished before the end of high school and I now see identity more as something a mature person makes of herself rather than something tied to one's racial heritage.  In this aspect BO's narrative worldview came off as ridiculous.  Each chapter drolls on endlessly with black, white, brown...a category for everyone with blame slathered on the \\"white folks\\".  Excuse the pun, but I'm not inclined to look to someone with thinner skin than I as a leader.<br /><br />I am uncertain of where BO gets his sense of whites ruling over blacks given his upbringing.  After all, it was his grandmother who sacrificed her golden years to take a job and care for him while his mother was off seeing the world.  His grandfather too was supportive.  Yet, one cannot ignore BO's loathing \\"white\\" achievement and gloating over \\"white\\" misfortune.  For example he mentions his glee at seeing European shrunken heads at a museum, laughing at this \\"cosmic joke\\" and describing the experience as [akin to eating Tiger meat, a form of taking control] pg. 145. Given his own White heritage and upbringing his words sound like those of a spoiled, self-centered brat. Consequently, his worldview demonstrates that he blames the alienation we all feel on the first day of school completely on his skin color and christened it as the scapegoat for all his emotional insecurities for years to come.<br /><br />I would wish not to continue with examples of BO's racially divisive worldview but some of the scenes left me so disturbed I am compelled to make note of them.  For example on page 124 BO states that \\"The emotions between the races [can] never be pure; even love [is] tarnished by the desire to find in the other some element that [is] missing in ourselves...the other race [will always] remain just that: menacing, alien, and apart.\\"  Then on page 127 BO writes, \\"What I heard from my mother that day, speaking about my father, was something that I suspect most Americans will never hear from the lips of those of another race, and so cannot be expected to believe might exist between black and white: the love of someone who knows your life in the round, a love that will survive disappointment.  She saw my father as everyone hopes at least one person might see him...<br /><br />These two passages demonstrate BO's cynical underestimation of all humanity.  It reeks of paranoia--a type of racial hatred I have never experienced as a biracial person living in America.<br /><br />In critique of BO's writing style I will say he has a keen sense of metaphor and simile.  His prose paints a clear picture of each scene and person.  Yet his use of dialogue is cumbersome.  Dialogue between him and sometimes trivial characters lasts for pages at times with no clear point.  I learned that good writing shows you a story and bad writing tells you everything.  In this BO's use of dialogue would exemplify bad writing as he tells the reader every single detail instead of artfully weaving useful dialogue into key scenes.<br /><br />I read the book through to the last page and was waiting for an \\"Aha\\" moment when he would say that he had found \\"beauty, worthiness, equality and strength in all of humanity and therefore concluded his quest for perfect racial identity\\" but in this I was disappointed.<br /><br />Considering all the points made above it is generous for me to give BO's book two stars--especially considering that I consider his book even worse than Chuck Norris' biography whichI read earlier this year.  I hope this review was helpful and I would like to hear other's interpretations and opinions concerning the above passages.this review was helpful and I would like to hear other's interpretations and opinions concerning the above passages.
B00005K3NY|3.0|In my own personal experience, Scanners was one of those movies that everybody around you had seen and told you how great it was but you still hadn't gotten around to it. I did finally get around to watching the film and I have to be honest, I expected a lot more from my experience. It was good don't get me wrong, but personally from my enjoyment of classic cheesy 80s horror-esque type movies, this didn't fit the bill. The acting was wooden and the story quite boring, sure it's a film about people who can read minds, but when you have your main character, a man who didn't originally know he was a Scanner all of a sudden become the most powerful Scanner, I felt the whole thing was rushed.<br /><br />The tag line for this movie was \\"There are 4 billion people on earth. 237 are Scanners. They have the most terrifying powers ever created... and they are winning.\\" Sounds like a good premise for a movie no? It's a great idea that could have made a great movie and although Scanners had its moments I just found the whole thing boring. The main character Cameron Vale played by Stephen Lack wasn't as interesting as I think Cronenberg expected him to be. He had the creepy look about him and he could pull the serious Scanner face as if he was constipated and trying to push one out, but that was about the only thing he had going for him.<br /><br />The bloody bits were quite cool and very graphic as they were in those days. The infamous head exploding scene in particular grabbed my attention and disturbed me a little. Michael Ironside who plays the apparently very evil underground Scanner lord Darryl Revok is one of the best parts of the film and comes across as quite intimidating at times.<br /><br />The story of the film is relatively simple, as the tag line implies there are 237 Scanners in the world and they're winning. Winning what exactly? well that's the war against normal humanity I think, let's be honest if they can read minds and we can't that makes them the enemy. Well a weaponry company known as ConSec and they manage to recruit and 'convert' a very powerful Scanner known as Cameron Vale. Dr. Paul Ruth head of ConSec's Scanner section trains Vale and sends him to find and stop Revok, with some surprising results.<br /><br />OK, the movie is a bit more complicated than that but my point still stands about it not being as good and as special as people would have you believe. It's not the worst film I've ever seen and there are genuinely entertaining parts, however, there were points in which I found the film quite tedius and a bit predictable. I would recommend this as it's a worthy waste of your time, but I would say to not expect much.own as ConSec and they manage to recruit and 'convert' a very powerful Scanner known as Cameron Vale. Dr. Paul Ruth head of ConSec's Scanner section trains Vale and sends him to find and stop Revok, with some surprising results.    OK, the movie is a bit more complicated than that but my point still stands about it not being as good and as special as people would have you believe. It's not the worst film I've ever seen and there are genuinely entertaining parts, however, there were points in which I found the film quite tedius and a bit predictable. I would recommend this as it's a worthy waste of your time, but I would say to not expect much.
B001DHXT20|4.0|\\"The Incredible Hulk\\" is not a sequel to Ang Lee's lackluster 2003 film \\"Hulk\\" but a reboot of the Hulk franchise that introduces a slightly different backstory. Dr. Bruce Banner (Ed Norton) exposed himself to gamma radiation while working on a medical research project for General Thaddeus Ross (William Hurt), who, unbeknownst to Banner, intended the research to create an enhanced soldier. When the experiment turns Banner into an enraged green Hulk, he is forced to flee Gen. Ross, who wants to dissect the beast and propagate its enhanced physique. Having eluded capture for five years, Banner is compelled to return to the U.S. to retrieve data from his old love and research partner Dr. Betty Ross (Liv Tyler). He has been communicating with a scientist calling himself Dr. Blue who may be able to use the data to cure Banner's condition.<br /><br />Be sure to watch this backstory play out over the opening credits. This is an economical way for director Louis Leterrier to set the movie up, but audiences could miss it. This film is a well-conceived and relevant adaptation of the Hulk comic from screenwriter Zak Penn. Like \\"The Incredible Hulk\\" television series of 1978-82, it emphasizes Bruce Banner's fugitive status and his constant battle to control his emotions. Edward Norton makes a good nerdy scientist who is, nonetheless, determined and resourceful. The audience really feels for his predicament, which is the film's great achievement. And, for most of its duration, Banner acts like a person would really act in his situation, lending credibility to a story that obviously stretches it. Liv Tyler is a little to breathy to be a cell biologist, but she plays well with Norton and Hurt.<br /><br />I found this Hulk, who is voiced by none other than Lou Ferrigno, more affecting that the cartoonish version in the 2003 film, but still not entirely lifelike. Ferrigno and Hulk co-creator Stan Lee also make brief appearances in the film. The final confrontation between the Hulk and the Abomination runs too long, but \\"The Incredible Hulk\\"  shows promise as a new franchise. I look forward to the next episode. It's a good cast, and the themes of a man struggling to control himself and another striving to bend nature to his will are compelling, thought the latter might have been more explicit.<br /><br />The DVD (Universal 2008 single disc): The single disc edition contains 5 deleted scenes, 1 extended scene, and a feature commentary with director Louis Leterrier and actor Tim Roth, who plays Emil Bronsky, a soldier employed by General Ross to capture Bruce Banner. It is a conversational but constant scene-by-scene commentary, sometimes with Roth acting as an interviewer. They share their recollections of filming, and Leterrier comments on locations, supporting cast, his intentions with each scene, and what he added that was unscripted. Subtitles are available for the film in English SDH, Spanish, and French. Dubbing is available in Spanish and French.tion runs too long, but \\"The Incredible Hulk\\"  shows promise as a new franchise. I look forward to the next episode. It's a good cast, and the themes of a man struggling to control himself and another striving to bend nature to his will are compelling, thought the latter might have been more explicit.    The DVD (Universal 2008 single disc): The single disc edition contains 5 deleted scenes, 1 extended scene, and a feature commentary with director Louis Leterrier and actor Tim Roth, who plays Emil Bronsky, a soldier employed by General Ross to capture Bruce Banner. It is a conversational but constant scene-by-scene commentary, sometimes with Roth acting as an interviewer. They share their recollections of filming, and Leterrier comments on locations, supporting cast, his intentions with each scene, and what he added that was unscripted. Subtitles are available for the film in English SDH, Spanish, and French. Dubbing is available in Spanish and French.
B000UGG39Q|3.0|Down has always been an excellent band.  1995's NOLA is a legendary album, and 2002's II-A Bustle in Your Hedgerow didn't fail to amaze either.  Excellent musicianship, powerful riffs, and killer songwriting are the rule for Down.      That's part of what makes this album so frustrating.    Unfortunately, Down has become another band that has fallen prey to the disgusting trend of mastering albums in a manner that squashes dynamics and reduces amazing songs to near-unlistenable levels of mediocrity.    This album would easily be a five-star effort if it was not for the terrible production that makes a shambles of otherwise excellent compositions.  Put this one on the list of yet another great album by a great band trashed by the loudness wars.
1433502410|1.0|I returned the first ESV hardback Study Bible I ordered because the pages were so uneven and \\"bunched up\\" in the gutter.  While I waited for my replacement to arrive, I saw this same problem in a display copy in a bookstore, leading me to think that this is a production problem.  That was confirmed when my replacement from Amazon arrived.  Although the problem was not as severe as in the first copy, it is still noticeable.  And this is not something I have seen in any other study bibles or books of similar heft.  I am keeping the second Amazon copy only because it appears that the only way I am to get this otherwise outstanding volume is to accept (grudgingly) that I have to settle for sub-par binding.    So much about this Bible is good--the printing, the paper, the sturdiness of the binding, and of course the contents themselves.  But I will never be able to open this book without grousing over the hard, lumpy waves in the gutter--paper bunched up as it they simply weren't careful in binding it.    I give this one star in hopes that people thinking about buying this will simply wait, and give the company time to remedy this problem.  An ESV Study Bible without these lumpy gutters would be a five-star book.      In the meantime, go for the ESV Reformation Study Bible if you need one that's been constructed better.  The difference in construction in this respect is dramatic.  Indeed, in that bookstore where I saw the display copy the ESV Study Bible was lined up with some six or seven other study Bibles.  It was the only one with this defect.
0439023483|5.0|This book was absolutely amazing. It was recommended by my favorite author, and I must say, I am extremely glad that I read it.
B0017ASV1C|5.0|I have to be honest, Righteous kill is a good film but isn't really one that can be considered above the likes of their previous collaborations such as Heat or Godfather part 2, but it's one that's definitely worthy of praise. Righteous Kill tells the story of two aging cops, Turk (De Niro) & Rooster (Pacino) who seem ready for retirement. Before they can hand in their badges they're called in to investigate the murder of a notorious pimp which seems to have links to a case they solved years ago. As the story progresses a number of different murders are committed by what seems to be the same man and in a vigilante fashion. The killer is teasing the cops by leaving poetic calling cards with the victims, obituaries of sorts. As time rolls on and the killer continues to stay on the loose, a theory is developed that a cop is the serial killer which leads to suspicions that it's Turk committing the crimes.<br /><br />This being a crime psychological thriller isn't anything fancy, it's not about the flashy shootouts or gory killing, it's not even about the sex or any form of violence. It's intelligent and it keeps you wondering until the very end of the movie. De Niro puts on a stellar performance and is only complemented by Pacino. They're not playing any characters they haven't played before, they're still the clich&eacute; tough guy Italian Americans, but isn't that what we love them for? The twist at the end is also quite cool and in a way very unexpected. Throughout the film we're given snippets of Turks \\"confession\\" and we're honestly lead to believe it is really him committing the murders. Of course as is the tradition with films of this sort, Turk is not the killer but you will be genuinely shocked to find out who it is.<br /><br />The supporting do their job and do their job well, but are only hampered in their performance when sharing screen time with either De Niro or Pacino. It's even quite pleasant to see Curtis \\"50 Cent\\" Jackson in a role that isn't the obnoxious rapper criminal, but is a criminal caught in the middle of a bigger investigation. The acting between the two main stars is stellar and the chemistry really works, it's a joy to see them perform together and in a way is quite a saddening affair to think this may be the last time we ever see these two greats share a movie screen. I sincerely hope it's not though.<br /><br />All in all a really enjoyable film that touches on a good message of \\"Is it right to kill those who have hurt or killed others?\\" The notion of a Righteous Kill is an intelligent one, it touches on a subject that we all face when we look at criminals who don't get their punishment. We've all thought \\"I can't wait until that guy gets what's coming to him\\" and this film asks the quesion of, is it right? Maybe not, but it certainly made a worthwhile movie fun to watch.<br /><br />I would firstly recommend you go and see it in the cinema, then, if you're completely satisfied I would buy it on DVD as it's truly worth it.but is a criminal caught in the middle of a bigger investigation. The acting between the two main stars is stellar and the chemistry really works, it's a joy to see them perform together and in a way is quite a saddening affair to think this may be the last time we ever see these two greats share a movie screen. I sincerely hope it's not though.    All in all a really enjoyable film that touches on a good message of \\"Is it right to kill those who have hurt or killed others?\\" The notion of a Righteous Kill is an intelligent one, it touches on a subject that we all face when we look at criminals who don't get their punishment. We've all thought \\"I can't wait until that guy gets what's coming to him\\" and this film asks the quesion of, is it right? Maybe not, but it certainly made a worthwhile movie fun to watch.    I would firstly recommend you go and see it in the cinema, then, if you're completely satisfied I would buy it on DVD as it's truly worth it.
B00192KCQ0|1.0|I don't like it.  Seems like more of last 20 years to me.  I was/am crazy for the first four albums.    I can't dispute their talent as musicians(except for Lars).  I hate the songwriting.  Seems they are  following trends rather than creating them.  Sounds like Nickelback to me.  Many of you will disagree.  These guys jumped the shark with the black album.  sucks!
6305358567|5.0|the product was delivered on time, very good condition. There is nothing else that could have been done for more satisfaction.
B000Y9PILI|4.0|After all these years the songs on this album are still strong. Straight from the heart I would say.  About sound quality (this re-release focusses on enhanced sound): if you expect to hear the original sound but in better quality you will certainly be disappointed. This is not just a simple high resolution remix. Many things have changed: intros and extros have been deleted, instrument positions in the stereo image have changed completely, some recording channels have been deleted or added, and so on. As a results some of the songs have gotten a completely different atmosphere. And no, those are not re-recordings by the way.  In this new format you can clearly hear the limitations of the recording at those early years.  And yes, I agree: it would have been nice to have the original mix on the DVD as well (for those who never heard it before).    All in all it gives some mixed feelings, but also a 'new old product' to experience again. And there are a few bonus things like nice artwork, background information and an interview with Graham Nash.
1572816112|5.0|I was very impressed with this product.  These cards are amazing.  The pictures are so crazy.  They really help tell the story in my reading.  I find most people are a little freaked out by the pictures, but after a while, they really get into the images. I high recommend this dack! =)
B000FJ9CGY|3.0|This book is perfect for reading in short bursts whenever you have a minute.  It's broken up into so many small sections that you can practically start and stop on any page without losing your place.  It has a rambling plot that presents an interestingly different viewpoint of the world around us.
B0000027G6|5.0|I can vividly recall going into the theatre as a young 17 year old with my mother, just prior to leaving home to embark on a career as a musician with the Aust. Army, and seeing Dances With Wolves.   I can remember the two things that made the movie evoke a feeling of grandeur to me were the outstanding landscape cinemaphotography of Dean Semler, coupled with the magnificent film score of John Barry - both elements complemented each other beautifully and were stars in their own right of this 3-hour epic movie.   Barry's musical themes are so simple, yet speak and add so much texture to each character that it would be hard to imagine the film without it.   Fantastic use of brass (wickedly difficult french horn lines), sweeping string passages and overall heart-wrenchingly beautiful themes make this a must have for all music and film fans alike.
B001J8EVVG|5.0|Lots of action, and twists.  Great episode, brought bits of previous episodes into it as well.
1416562605|5.0|While reading this book, and obviously missing the point, I realized that Mr. Adiga has really found the formula for winning British literary awards.  First, make your Western readers feel better about themselves with the depictions of India put together in a \\"certain way,\\" much like the poster of Balram.  And second, make those same readers believe as if they are truly getting a sneak peek into the previously hidden lives of poor people in India.  Mr. Adiga would surely be admired by his protagonist, Balram, for his \\"entrepreneurship.\\"  I gave this book 5 stars simply for the joke the author has played upon his readers.
031606792X|4.0|First off, I really hope there will be at least one more to this series. I found breaking dawn to be different then the others....a lot changed.  spoilers....    I was shocked when bella was pregnant, a good twist to the story though. The wedding was beauitful, the birth was ok. I didn't expect jacob to last this long, honestly. I DID NOT like \\"Jacobs book\\" AT ALL! It was so boring, it took away from everything. I want to read about Bella and her Edward and there life not about the wolf and his pack, the book could have done w/o those chapters. I do agree with some other reviews that there were way too many characters in the last part of the book for the fight...too many to remember all at once when for the past 3 book there have been a standard amount. I'm glad they didn't all die in a fight, the ending was perfect....we need more............    I would love to see it continue on with Bella, Edward and Renesmee's life...it can't be over!!!!!!!
B000001DQG|4.0|After the resounding artistic success of \\"Goodbye Yellow Brick Road\\" it was going to be nearly impossible for Elton to come up with something it's equal.  \\"Caribou\\" would be his next effort and although not as consistently good as \\"Yellow Brick Road\\" it is another fine disc.  The album featured two huge hits, the rocking \\"Bitch Is Back\\", a concert staple which has become one of Elton's theme songs and the gorgeous \\"Don't Let The Sun Go Down On Me\\" which remains an all time classic.  My favorite song on the album is the closing track \\"Ticking\\", a 7 minute plus mini opus that tells the story of a gunman who takes hostages ending up killing some of them.  The song also weaves in the back-story of his life.  \\"Ticking\\" covers a lot of ground in short period of time and to me is one of Elton and Bernie's greatest achievements of their career.  The rest of the album features some standout tracks like the underrated love song \\"Pinky\\", the rockers \\"Grimsby\\" and \\"Stinker\\", and the sci fi tale \\"I've Seen The Saucers\\".  There are a few clunkers on this one too that keep it from being a 5 star album, but even these songs are at least listenable.  \\"Caribou\\" was a bit of a rush job as the whole thing was recorded in about a weeks time.  It is quite amazing that Elton and Bernie were able to put out this album and the previous one in less than a year's, and that it came out as good as it did.
B00005LMBK|3.0|Gorillaz is definitely one of the more noticeable musical experiments of the passing decade. The idea of a cartoon character band, devised by Blur's Damon Albarn and comic book artist Jamie Hewlett (\\"Tank Girl\\"), was enough to catch my interest. The music that sprung from this unusual premise of a 'band' caught my ear, as well. This namesake album covers a wide variety of genres - everything from soul-funk to hard rock, psychadelic keyboard strolls to Latino-jazz.<br /><br />The album features a number of quite interesting and compelling musical pieces. \\"5/4\\", with a beat inspiring the title, is a very sultry song fusing guitar and keyboards almost deliberately brutally, and the result is very compelling. Most will recognise \\"Clint Eastwood\\" with its instantly-catchy chorus. \\"Punk\\" is a short but highly energetic track with a title that couldn't be more appropriate. \\"19-2000\\" sounds really space-y and cool (I still love the video for that one). \\"Latin Simone\\" is such a stark departure from the rest of the songs, one might think Buena Vista Social Club had leaked a track onto the album; a truly beautiful, melancholic Latin-jazz piano melody, soulfully sung by Ibrahim Ferrer himself. Experimentation this album is.<br /><br />However, in experimentation it also falls somewhat short. The melodies are quite good - the problem is that the cartoon band image doesn't make sense when one considers the melodies and instrumentation used for them. Guitar melodies are rare and in-between, and this makes Noodle's character almost pointless. Especially on the all-rap, trumpeted \\"Rock the House\\" (still my least-favourite track) does this make no sense at all. Don't get me wrong, I do like some songs on this album very much - \\"5/4\\", \\"Punk\\", \\"Double Bass\\" and \\"Latin Simone\\" in particular - yet the album just seems to lack 'spunk'. It's all there in the cartoon image, yet falls a little short music-wise - \\"Rock the House\\" is little more than sub-par filler stuff that doesn't even support the band's image, and the remix of \\"Clint Eastwood\\" just doesn't support itself. A good thing about this re-edition is the inclusion of b-side \\"Dracula\\" (\\"Left-Hand Suzuki Method\\" is an acquired taste) and the popped-up version of \\"19-2000\\". Not enough to save this album's overall spirit, though.<br /><br />Maybe I'm being nit-picky. This isn't the album of the decade, but it's still a decent experimentation that proved highly popular, and for a reason. \\"Demon Days\\" would draw out the full potential of this musical unit with far more personality.mage, and the remix of \\"Clint Eastwood\\" just doesn't support itself. A good thing about this re-edition is the inclusion of b-side \\"Dracula\\" (\\"Left-Hand Suzuki Method\\" is an acquired taste) and the popped-up version of \\"19-2000\\". Not enough to save this album's overall spirit, though.    Maybe I'm being nit-picky. This isn't the album of the decade, but it's still a decent experimentation that proved highly popular, and for a reason. \\"Demon Days\\" would draw out the full potential of this musical unit with far more personality.
078322737X|3.0|I have to admit that I didn't like this film the first time I watched it as I didn't really appreciate the documentary style layout and it seemed a little slow to develop.  Now that I've seen it again after a few years, I've actually come to like this a lot as I realise that this is a very unique film with a very good storyline and good acting as well as it describes the lives of High School graduates/dropouts and their very real sense of loss having to leave the safe/secure comfort zone of school to face the real world with all its uncertainty and callousness.<br /><br />One character actually manages to take the leap albeit with great reluctance and after great difficulty soul-searching while another doesn't quite make it at least yet.  I can actually see myself returning to this film again in the future as I get the feeling as with any classic that I'll pick up something again which I didn't at the previous viewing to make me enjoy this even more; this is the sign of a classic film.<br /><br />This film is also responsible for launching a whole new genre of nostalgia themed spinoffs like \\"Happy Days\\" which ran many many seasons but unlike \\"M*A*S*H\\" which was poor compared with the tv series that it launched, \\"American Graffitti\\" holds its own as a great film in its own right and is in no way overshadowed by the tv series.  This film is also responsible or at least very influential for \\"Grease\\" and the \\"Sha-na-na\\" tv series that along with \\"Happy Days\\" was very popular on tv here in Singapore when I was growing up.  For an 80's version of this type of film check out \\"Fast Times At Ridgemont High\\" which is also similarly themed.<br /><br />Too bad the DVD quality isn't as good as the film though as the picture quality has imperfections like white spots on many of the frames and barely rises above VHS quality and the sound quality although THX mastered does not come in DTS or Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround Options but if you have a Pro Logic setup, you do get to approximate a proper surround sound environment to do some justice to your home theatre setup.<br /><br />A redeeming factor is the Special Features section which has about an 80 minute making of documentary which I found very entertaining.  With the advent of Blu-ray, here's hoping George Lucas will supervise a proper picture and sound quality remastering job that will improve upon what's on this particular dvd version which is just average given what's currently out there.<br /><br />Great film but wait for a better restored picture and sound quality version to surface either in the standard or Blu-ray format.d sound environment to do some justice to your home theatre setup.      A redeeming factor is the Special Features section which has about an 80 minute making of documentary which I found very entertaining.  With the advent of Blu-ray, here's hoping George Lucas will supervise a proper picture and sound quality remastering job that will improve upon what's on this particular dvd version which is just average given what's currently out there.    Great film but wait for a better restored picture and sound quality version to surface either in the standard or Blu-ray format.
0321146530|2.0|TDD \\"By Example\\" is a book that tries to persuade you to write tests before writing the code the tests test.  In the first six chapters, the author takes you through an example of generating code through this method.  Along the way, he makes several pertinent points:<br /><br />1. His method has never been empirically studied to see if it helps or severely hurts the efficiency of the software development process (though the author is very interested to hear from anyone who finally DOES study his method, since he didn't have the time to do so himself, being too busy dreaming up new development processes to inflict on us).<br /><br />2. His tedious, non-linear, haphazard, time-wasting (ed: my words) method is not meant to be followed precisely, but only meant to allow you to say you CAN do it that way.  He makes this point numerous times.  Fantastic dude, thanks. :/<br /><br />I predict that this book will be purchased by software project managers both actual and wanna-be all throughout the software industry, and inflicted as a requirement on otherwise productive and smart engineers for several years to come.  The final result will be projects woefully behind schedule, leading to inevitable 24-hour/7 day crunches, thereby twice punishing the engineers, and resulting in the whole silly process being dropped in the end.<br /><br />Having said all this, I give the book two full stars: the english grammar is correct, and the punctuation well placed.  The book is easy to understand, making it quite simple to dislike the content thereof.
B000001EGA|5.0|For me this is probably Elton's last great album.  The rest of the 70's, 80's, 90's, and 00's would find him putting out rather inconsistent material that although having high points never was as cohesive as this, or his previous couple of albums.  \\"Captain Fantastic\\" is a concept album that tells the story of Elton and Bernie's early years and their rise to fame and fortune.  The album only contained one hit single, \\"Someone Saved My Life Tonight\\" which to my ears ranks up with the very best songs the duo ever wrote together.   It remains a great song and one that I never tire of.  The rest of the album tells the story from the opening title track to the closer \\"Curtains\\" chronicling the duos highs and lows trying to make it in the music business of the late 60's and early 70's.  The album has held up remarkable well, with only the disco-ish \\"Tell Me When The Whistle Blows\\" sounding overly dated.  The period between 1970 and 1975 were the nadir of Elton John and Bernie Taupin's creative output and \\"Captain Fantastic\\" would prove to be the end of an era for the duo.  Second only to \\"Yellow Brick Road\\" in the Elton John catalogue \\"Captain Fantastic\\" is an essential Elton album.
B0014XCMVM|2.0|Well, this album definitely did not meet my expectations. \\"Jagged Little Pill\\" in my opinion is still undoubtedly her best album ever. Some songs on this album fit in the electronica genre. I think she should stick to the rock genre. I guess this album would appeal to a new group of fans and lose some of her old ones. The good songs on this that are worth a few more listens are:    4. Versions Of Violence  5. Not As We  7. Moratorium  8. Tapes    Love the album cover though....
0312330537|4.0|Shantaram by Gregory David Roberts is quite a good book. It's sort of a new-age rendition of Papillon set in Mumbai/Bombay instead of South America.  There are also a good deal of similarities with the style of stories that are about white men coming to benighted non-white societies and changing them for the better.      The story is based on the true life experiences of Roberts. Nobody knows exactly how much is truth and how much is fiction.    Although Roberts has great respect for India and Indians, he cannot escape the traditional \\"White man saves poor natives from themselves\\" theme that all stories about white men living among non-white cultures share.     White Australian Lin, the Roberts stand-in, is capable at everything from martial arts to medicine to withstanding torture and comes across as almost a superhero.  Most Indians and other Asians in Shantaram come across as lovable goofy 'babu' like Prabaker, or mysterious 'wise man' stereotypes like Khader Khan.  All Asians are constantly smoking hashish in practically every scene. To be fair, so is the white hero.  Roberts has Lin fall in love with a white European woman instead of an Indian one, like Tarzan & Jane or Dances With Wolves and Stands With A Fist.      The descriptions of Mumbai/Bombay are vivid and fascinating.  One can see the streets of this ancient, teeming city as one reads.  I'd never really had an urge to visit India until I read this book, and now I would love to go.    While Shantaram would like to think of itself as having a new level of consciousness for non-white cultures, it's still Tarzan or A Man Called Horse at heart. Great read, though!
B000002UAR|5.0|This is the one. It beats Pepperland, and even Rubber Soul - and Rubber Soul being better than just about anything else in the normal world!!  Ladies and Gentlemen, I was there in 1966.  1966 was THE YEAR for music, especially for rock music.  Motown, British Invasion, American Rock - especially The Byrds and Dylan were at an all time high. People always wax prolific about the \\"Summer of Love\\" in 1967 and all that B.S. but, in 1966 you had Revolver, Pet Sounds and Blonde on Blonde.  Beat those albums.  Not to mention 5th Dimension by the Byrds, Dylan and Simon & Garfunkel's efforts. 1966 was the last stand.  Turtlenecks, black suits,   Beatle Boots and Brian Jones haircuts were replaced by dirty looking men that looked like Charles Manson.  What is cooler? Huh?  Revolver was the last time we saw the \\"mop-tops,\\" but this time, they had an \\"edge\\" to their music.  There was a little more bite to it.  And to those that STILL do not know, Paul played the guitar solo on Taxman!!!!  This is their best album.  PERIOD.
B000003TA4|5.0|This is the best album ever! Nirvana's finest...I grew up on this in the 90's and i'm 27 now and still play this album a lot. If i need a fix, i just pop in the cd and play Track 1...you all know it...\\"Smells Like Teen Spirit\\".    This album is timeless. Which song isn't good? None. If you into the 90's rock era with the likes of Pearl Jam, The Smashing Pumpkins, Soundgarden etc...then you will love this...and if you weren't...you'd still love it.
B001FBSMW6|4.0|This album is trendy I don`t know if that is good or not to be honest.<br />There is a strong influence of 80`s style pop music balanced with brit indie pop, on a brilliant manner tho.<br /><br />The album is strong, has a lot of energy and let you feel the band being comfortable with this direction. The album has many good songs but nothing memorable in fact I find it hard to really feel the difference between some of them or it`s just maybe because I think hopes and fears was a masterpiece!<br /><br />Worth it for the keane fans for sure! In my opinion their first album is still truly genius and I hope they could match that someday.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|I just wanted to give this product 5 stars. I'm an old-school Metallica fan (I'm 40 years old), and I keep playing certain songs on this album. If I keep going back to a new album, then that's worthy of 5 stars in my book.     Some songs on here are great. Some not so great, but damn, the boys are back!
B000058983|3.0|This is certainly one of the more creative efforts to emerge from the late '60s scene, blending a variety of folk, psychedelic and pop styles. Yet the disc simply doesn't live up to the lavish praise critics have heaped on it since its reissue. There are too few hooks, and the production sounds both too slick for its time and outdated for this time. Witness the Herb Alpert-style horns and the kind of string arrangements that turned people off of The Doors' \\"Soft Parade.\\" If you're looking for a forgotten masterpiece from this era, you're better off searching out Quicksilver Messenger Service or Moby Grape.
B00005JPS8|5.0|Of all the comic book movies out there, \\"Iron Man\\" ranks as one of THE best. I was surprised to hear that Jon Favreau was directing it and he couldn't have done a better job. Robert Downey, Jr. IS Tony Stark and Favreau is the only one who could've done the job. \\"Iron Man\\" not only excels as a great super hero movie, but as a great movie. Even though the plot is predictable and very simple, at the same time it's funny, dramatic, and it's full of heart, and it's all because we have a great story and a perfect cast to play it out. \\"Iron Man\\" takes a modern approach to the origin of the hero. Instead of 'Nam, Stark has his accident in the middle east, in Afghanistan. We get to see the Ten Rings (who kidnap Stark) and some references are made to Iron Man's arch-nemesis, the Mandarin. I won't go into the story (you'll have to see it!) but I will say the story plays out great, and we have some great acting from Downey, Jr. and Jeff Bridges. Downey definitely deserves an Oscar nomination for Best Actor in this one. The special effects are fantastic; the final showdown is a good example. It's amazing how they actually built a functional Iron Man suit to use instead on relying solely on CGI. The action sequences are beautifully orchestrated and there's not too much or too little. There's plenty of laughs and many dramatic moments and again, I can't give the cast enough cred. Plus, for fans of the comics, there an awesome scene at the end of the credits. Now, for the review on the 2-Disc DVD set. This \\"Ultimate 2 Disc Set\\" delivers the goods. The first disc features the main film in all its glory and the deleted/extended scenes that definitely needed to be cut. The 2nd disc includes a great 7-part \\"Making Of\\" documentary that goes into great depth at the filmmaking process of Iron Man. There's also a 45 minute documentary about the character's origins in the comics. And then, there's a funny clip from \\"The Onion\\" and some videos featuring some screen tests, a look at the visual effects, and photo galleries. This DVD set is the one to get and it's worth the money. Overall, \\"Iron Man\\" is a fantastic film and is a must see and it's worth watching over, and over, and over again!al effects, and photo galleries. This DVD set is the one to get and it's worth the money. Overall, \\"Iron Man\\" is a fantastic film and is a must see and it's worth watching over, and over, and over again!
0307386171|4.0|Not wishing to be repetitive and parroting other reviewers, McEwan is an excellent writer but why he wasted time on this disasterous relationship and honeymoon is a mystery to me.  Both protagonists are good people, probably too nice, plus intelligent and caring; in real life they would have got it together, at least through the honeymoon phase.  Maybe they should read more \\"how-to-do\\" books or discussed the Kama Sutra in some seedy motel, or taken on lovers before the wedding. The dialogue is medicore but the descriptive characterizations of the proposed lovers is beautiful and well-written.  Another part of this, I suppose I read for entertainment and wanted a satisfying ending.  Just a good read - not the best for me.
0887307280|5.0|We had an oriental rug store in North Andover. We had to close the store after three years. After reading both series, I can say that we faced all the problems that Mr. Gerber mentions in his book. However, I cannot say for sure that if we had done what he says we would have succeeded or not because we haven't tried those ideas yet.  I was filling many roles in the company so was my wife. The store and customers relied upon us to deliver. The ideas in the book make sense.    with best regards,  Mohammad Yamin
B001DHXT2A|4.0|Ang Lee's 2003 take on the Hulk was an ambitious, but ultimately flawed, adaptation of the classic Marvel character that managed to somewhat capture the tragedy of the character, but proved supremely underwhelming in delivering the action goods.  With this reboot directed by Louis Letterrier (Transporter 2, Unleashed), the Hulk gets a fresh start, and it's all the better for it.  The Incredible Hulk stars Edward Norton as Bruce Banner, who has managed to evade capture by living in Brazil for the past few years, and keeping his monstrous alter-ego at bay as well.  A search for a possible cure brings Bruce out of hiding, as his nemesis General Ross (William Hurt) employs spook agent Emil Blonsky (Tim Roth) to bring Banner in, by any means necessary, even if it means turning Blonsky into some sort of Abomination (I'm sorry, I just couldn't help myself).  With loads of odes to the comic and even more to the classic 70's series, The Incredible Hulk delivers in terms of action and excitement, and even manages to pull out some surprises as well.  The only real flaws of The Incredible Hulk are some plot-holes in the story and the mis-casting of a stale Liv Tyler as Betty Ross, but that aside, this film still makes up for the Ang Lee mis-fire.  Also starring Tim Blake Nelson and Ty Burrell as some important supporting players in Hulk lore, and featuring an ending that will send fanboys in an uproar, The Incredible Hulk truly is a smashing and entertaining good time.  All in all, it's nice to finally have the Hulk movie that we wanted and deserved, and longtime fans of comic should definitely enjoy it.
B00003CXCQ|5.0|this was a purchase for my toddler, who seems very happy with this movie, and watches it repeatedly.
B001E1GXPA|5.0|I had purchased \\"The Crusade\\" and was only mildly impressed with it.  I certainly didn't get a lot of plays out of me.  That being said for some reason I was compelled to pick up \\"Shogun\\".  I'm very happy that I did.  Its a great CD and a breath of fresh air in my opinion.  If you like good ol' thrash metal this CD should please you.
B00005JPSM|3.0|No Reservations did the job for me tonight: exhausted from a mad work-week, i rolled from my lazy Saturday of yoga, napping and nothingness into Blockbuster.  milling about for something soft around the edges, easy to swallow, cozy and appealing, i settled on No Reservations.<br /><br />The film does better than it should because of it's supporting cast. Aaron Eckhart is well suited for the warm and thoughtful man who, unbelievably single (oh wait- romantic comedy/illusion/fantasy), strolls into Catherine Zeta-Jones's restaurant, plays some opera, butters a shallot and is in like flynn.<br /><br />Patricia Clarkson is strong (as always) in her very minor roll as owner of the restaurant, elevating the dynamics of the restaurant into a more complex part of the film.  A surprising script drift/second plot line is the (spoiler alert) tragedy that brings lovely Abigail Breslin into Zeta's life for good.  A bit sad and morose for the romantic comedy thread, it is nonetheless touching and probably saves the otherwise lackluster romance story and banal dialogue from sinking this glossy production value ship (film) within the first 10 minutes.<br /><br />Altogether, it did the job on a quiet Saturday night, when the worlds' clamouring noise of stock plunges and election rips rattled too loud, and a bit of pleasant and serene escapism was made to order.
0375826726|5.0|This finale of Paolini's series is the best yet.  He writes in the conflict between being a Dragon Rider, friend, potential lover and warrior in a way that takes me into Aragon's head.    Cudos to Paolini and I hold out hope he'll pick one of the characters to do another series with this fantasy world intact!
B000Q8QH0I|5.0|This is one of my favorite movies of all time. Seeing this on Blu-Ray is astonishing. The image quality is far beyond what I had expected, which makes this movie an even better, more intense experience. The codecs and conversion algorithms they used are better than for many movies filmed directly with hi-def cameras. There is no moire effect, no color banding, and colors out of true. It's like seeing it in the movie theatre again.<br /><br />Really can't say anything more than what others have said; the ensemble cast is uniformly excellent. Kevin Spacey has his breakout performance in this movie, and James Cromwell creates a bad guy to end all bad guys. The triangle of Crowe, Pearce and Basinger is the core of the movie and all three of them bring the the goods. Another breakout performance by Crowe; this movie made him a star.<br /><br />One of the most faithful book adaptations ever done in Hollywood. I wish Curtis Hanson would do one or two more of James Ellroy's books; Ellroy pretty much represents the peak of noir mystery writing, similar to Raymond Chandler in detective fiction.<br /><br />Again, don't miss this hi-def version. 5 out of 5 in quality all the way around!
0743290119|5.0|If you love chick lit and have loved all of Lauren Weisberger's books, you will definitely love this book!  Although many people didn't rate this book that high, I thought it was great.  You can't read it expecting something profound, however it is certainly entertaining!
B000XA5K48|4.0|This film is just filled with some unbelievable action by all of the actors.  My family really, really liked this film.
B001DHXT20|4.0|The '08 re-visioning of `The Incredible Hulk' has finally delivered what his fan base most desired, a Hulk that is both a terrifying and sympathetic figure at the same time. Ed Norton is up to the task of portraying the dedicated scientist turned green giant though his acting skills are primarily delegated to running away from the pursuing military forces, staring at blood samples through a microscope or gazing longingly at love interest Liv Tyler. That's not a knock on his abilities, it's simply the limitations within the Bruce Banner role as scripted. What made the storyline a major success for me was the inclusion of Tim Roth. When you sit down and compose a list of the truly great \\"bad guys\\" in contemporary cinema he would definitely be near the top of my list.<br /><br />Aside from all that, the Hulk is a comic book superhero, so first and foremost this film by definition must focus on special effects and action sequences. In those two aspects you will not be disappointed. If you like your heroes huge, angry and green this is the film for you!
B0017APPSE|4.0|I was curious to see what other viewers thought of this. While loving historical pieces, I am also guilty of liking silly romance novels. This fits into what pleases me on days that I don't want to think too deeply...    The plot was entertaining if not terribly engaging. Although I really disliked the rape scene and the end. The end was rushed and choppy....it seemed to all occur in a few days or weeks. The rape scene - who ever wants to see that? Nonetheless, it just did not seem to fit. It was harsh. I mean, I know Henry must have been angry that suddenly his country was being turned upside down by the whims of a vixen he had fallen for, but why the abrupt turn of passions? It was just a bit over the top and probably just done to show the differences between the relationship with the sisters.....    Someone previously had mentioned that Mary and Henry's conversations in the movie seemed inadequate and unfulfilling....I think that for the time it was appropriate. The king was looking for a pretty face to entertain him and Mary was an easily swayed girl looking for love. A few words and glances were all that were needed for someone to be convinced they were in love then (perhaps now?)    Overall I enjoyed the film. Overdramatic and intense sometimes sure, but mostly a nice, easy watch for those who wish to fill their heads with romance :)
0446579939|5.0|I was introduced to the writings of Nicholas Sparks by a close friend (done indirectly with the DVD of The Notebook). Since then, I have had the wonderful opportunity to read a number of his books. Please understand, I've not usually one for romantic novels (my interests are far less, should I say, 'interesting'). Nonetheless, I began to read Sparks' novels and was struck by the clarity in his style. He also has the gift of bringing the reader into the story and introducing one to his characters so that you feel as though you know them. And The Lucky One succeeds in doing just that.<br /><br />The Lucky One tells of a romance that is guided by Providence. A soldier finds a picture of a lovely woman in the desert of Iraq and soon discovers it brings him luck. After escaping near death during the war he returns home to Colorado with a mission: Find the woman and pay her back. He is unsure how this will come about, but knowing his duty sets off to find her with his trusty German shephard Zeus. Using common sense investigative skill, he finds her in North Carolina- I've never been to N.C., but feel like I have due to Sparks' books. And I love the place. Sparks takes you through the emotions that are found only in true love (attraction, excitement, past histories kept locked away in the heart, courage, fear, joy, attention, tragedy, and triumph).<br /><br />Other characters are introduced and you come to love, loathe, and even understand them. I could not put the book down, but instead chose to lay my other reading aside in order to finish this book. So far, it is the best of the few I've read. As a Desert Storm Veteran, I found myself cheering with the heroes of the story. I loved the book and now have added a love of the romantic novel to my genre of yearly books. Thank you Nocholas Sparks and thank you Martin!!!
B001HMSFFC|4.0|I bought this movie as a download to view on my Tivo DVR and I really enjoyed it.  I have always been a fan of the girls when they were on HBO.  It's quite a lengthy movie, also.
084317420X|5.0|\\"Mr. Impossible could do the most amazing things.\\"<br /><br />William meets Mr. Impossible on the way to school one day.  As they walk together, William asks Mr. Impossible a series of questions, and each answer is follwed by an impossible feat.<br /><br />Mr. Impossible goes with him to the school, and continues to impress everyone with his impossible tricks.  At the end of the book, William tells his parents about his new friend, and they say,<br /><br />\\"That's Impossible.\\"  ;)<br /><br />I loved the Mr. Men and Little Miss series in the 70s when I was just a kid, and it positively blew my mind when I found out they has been reprinted.<br /><br />Another one that children can relate to is [[ASIN:0843178108 Mr. Noisy (Mr. Men and Little Miss)]].
0767903862|5.0|I'm sure there are tons of reviews like mine. Anyways: I loved that book. It's very funny and loaded with information. Since I'm planning to go to Australia in December, I'm glad for all the tips and hints the book comes with. However, as always coming from Bill Bryson, it's a great read.
B000RG1FMO|1.0|So apparently, Techno is now Hip-Hop? 10 years ago, he would have been laughed at by Hip Hop fans. But since today's hip-hop fans are a completely different generation who have no regard for what hip-hop actually is, he's put on pedestal instead.    This guy is so full of himself after his initial album's success, that he barely raps on this album. He's just letting his image do the talking.    So this apparently the situation...the guy is no good when it comes to making music. BUT wait, HE HAS A LOUIS VUITTON BELT! OMG, LOOK AT HIS JORDANS! WOW! HE'S ALL INTO THAT JAPANESE FASHION! WOW! Let's just overlook his lack of musical talent and judge him by his shutter shades and played out sneakers. Aight, thats fine.     If you think Kanye is a genius, chances are you're one of those kiddies who used to be all 'gangsta' and are now out pretending to skateboard and trying to be \\"into fashion\\". Just give it up.
B0012QE4Q2|1.0|I was very disappointed in the movie.  It was to short and left out some interesting things that was in the book.  Love the book, dissappointed in the movie. A big let down.
B001CC7PP8|5.0|PSYCHO Hitchcock USA 1960<br /><br />\\"My main satisfaction is that the film had an effect on the audiences;...[it] made the audience scream. I feel it's tremendously satisfying for us to be able to use the cinematic art to achieve something of a mass emotion. And with PSYCHO we most definitely achieved this. It wasn't a message that stirred the audiences, nor was it a great performance or their enjoyment of the novel. They were aroused by pure film .\\"<br /><br />That's Alfred Hitchcock talking to Francois Truffaut about PSYCHO, in the latter's book-length interview with the British-turned-American director. Hitchcock is famously dubbed \\"the Master of Suspense.\\" Fair enough. But it would be a more accurate label to add \\"and Manipulation.\\"<br /><br />Hitchcock had developed a style of manipulating audiences, but never to the degree he did in PSYCHO.<br /><br />\\"I was directing the viewers,\\" the director told Truffaut. \\"You might say I was playing them, like an organ.\\"<br /><br />It was, in 1960, the most shocking film its original audiences had ever seen. I know. I was in one of those audiences. My parents were Hitchcock fans, having seen \\"North by Northwest\\", \\"Rear Window\\" and \\"Vertigo.\\"<br /><br />On a very cold Sunday afternoon, after church and Sunday dinner, they were going to see PSYCHO. Like millions of other Americans, they had no idea that it was probably not what you would or should take a 10-year-old to see. But I already loved movies, I wanted to go and they didn't refuse my request.<br /><br />Fortunately--because it was so cold on that Tennessee Sunday--I was wearing a car-coat as millions of kids did in those days. Luckily for me, the hood had a drawstring. When PSYCHO's violins began to shriek during the infamous shower scene, I pulled the hood almost shut, leaving myself just enough peephole to see the center of the screen. If things got worse, I could always pull the hood completely shut--or close my eyes altogether, which, by the way, I never did. (Fascinated by film even at that age, I knew I was in the presence of something remarkable. I just didn't know what. And even if I had, I wouldn't have been able to express it.)<br /><br />( SPOILER ALERT! IF YOU DON'T WANT TO KNOW KEY PLOT DEVELOPMENTS, STOP...READING... NOW !)<br /><br />Good grief! I couldn't believe what was happening to this poor woman. Yes, she had stolen $40,000 from the bank where she worked. But hadn't she made up her mind to return the money the next day? But even if she hadn't, nobody deserves to be sliced to death in a shower--or anywhere--like a cantaloupe!<br /><br />Hitchcock intentionally made PSYCHO look like a cheap exploitation film. He shot it not with his usual expensive crew (which had just finished the expensive \\"North by Northwest\\"). Instead he used the crew that filmed his weekly television show. Even by 1960 standards, his budget was cheap--a mere $800,000. The Bates Motel and aging Victorian-style Bates house on the hill behind it were built on Universal's back lot. Also, to give it that quickie, exploitation look, he shot in black-and-white. This was not going to be--nor was it supposed to be--another elegant Hitchcock thriller a la \\"Rear Window\\" or \\"Vertigo.\\"<br /><br />Yet, to this day--almost half a century after it was made--no other Hitchcock film has had a greater impact, on moviegoers or on filmmakers, than PSYCHO.<br /><br />First, Hitchcock sets up the movie in such a way that we root for Marion Crane (Janet Leigh) to successfully get away with theft. We want to see her wind up with the man she loves, Sam Loomis (John Gavin). We root for her when a policeman stops her on her way to her lover's hometown. We pray that he won't see the envelope full of stolen money by her side in the front seat.<br /><br />Hitchcock has thus made her sympathetic. When she pulls off the road in a heavy rainstorm to spend the night at the off-the-beaten-path Bates Motel, then begins her association with Norman Bates (Anthony Perkins).<br /><br />Norman brings her supper, which she eats in his motel office. Their late-night conversation makes them both sympathetic characters. We think their relationship will be developed during the remainder of the two-hour film.<br /><br />But no. Less than forty minutes into PSYCHO, Hitchcock throws a curve-ball at the audience, something you simply don't see coming: he kills off his heroine. Hitchcock not only kills her off, he does so in what was--and remains today--the granddaddy of all slasher-movie sequences. Movie directors have tried to top it, but no amount of gore, of up-close-and-in-your-face graphic detail has ever come close. Hitchcock doesn't use gore. (He filmed in black-and-white, thinking audiences would be too squeamish to withstand so much blood in color.) The era, of course, would not have allowed it. But this master filmmaker didn't need gore. He used artistry to make us \\"think\\" we were seeing more than he was actually showing us.<br /><br />We never see the knifepoint pierce the skin * --although people will swear they do. That's the power of montage: with quick-cut editing--and Bernard Hermann's shrieking violins--our mind \\"completes\\" what is merely suggested. Is Hitchcock making us see what perhaps we want to see? (Again, \\"manipulation.\\")<br /><br />Once Marion Crane is dead, Hitchcock shifts our sympathy. Right before our eyes, he shifts our sympathies for her to sympathy for Norman, whom Hitchcock has already established as a kind, if a bit odd, young man.  We've sensed from the beginning there is something not quite right about Norman . But during the motel office conversation, when he elicits the sympathy of Marion--with whom we have already identified--he elicits ours as well.<br /><br />Employing a sort of bait-and-switch sleight of hand, Hitchcock has now transferred our attention--and sympathy--from Marion to Norman . So--when Norman starts mopping up the blood from the murder, we feel sorry for him now having to protect his mother who, at this point, we think is the killer.<br /><br />With no one else to care about, we pull for Norman. We root for him to mop up all the blood (actually, chocolate syrup), to leave no trace of evidence. When he puts Marion's corpse in the trunk of her car, we pray it will sink into the pond. For a moment, the sinking car stops, half of it still above water. Our hearts stop.  We're as nervous as Norman as he nervously chews on candy-corn (a nice piece of business Perkins himself suggested and which Hitchcock allowed the actor to incorporate into his performance.) Finally--thankfully--the car sinks below the pond's surface. Whew! Norman is safe.<br /><br />Once again, we've been manipulated.<br /><br />All this manipulation, of course, has a single purpose: Hitchcock wants to shock us again. And he does when it is ultimately revealed that Marion Crane's killer wasn't Norman's mother, but Norman himself; that Norman is a matricidal maniac who not only killed his mother but has kept her corpse stuffed like one of the taxidermied birds mounted on his motel office walls.<br /><br />Hitchcock, indeed, played us \\"like an organ.\\" I remember adults literally screaming--\\"Oh, no!\\", \\"Oh, God\\"--during the brutal shower sequence. I never screamed. But I sure as heck stayed hunkered down in that car-coat every time those violins began to screech.<br /><br />In theaters across 1960 America, Hitchcock reduced us to our last nerves and wickedly sawed away on those nerves like a violin bow scraping--staccato--on a very taut string. ---Hoyt Harris<br /><br />* The popular \\"myth\\" about the PSYCHO shower scene is that the knife is never seen to penetrate the flesh. This is not true. A frame-by-frame examination of the shower scene shows that the knife point disappears against the actress' torso just below her navel for the last three frames of one eight-frame sequence. But In order to see the penetration, the movie must be run in slow-motion, but it actually happens, albeit only onceand briefly. Because film runs at 24 frames-per-second, a mere three frames (one-eighth of a second) is brief, indeed. ----H.H.mop up all the blood (actually, chocolate syrup), to leave no trace of evidence. When he puts Marion's corpse in the trunk of her car, we pray it will sink into the pond. For a moment, the sinking car stops, half of it still above water. Our hearts stop.   We're as nervous as Norman as he nervously chews on candy-corn (a nice piece of business Perkins himself suggested and which Hitchcock allowed the actor to incorporate into his performance.) Finally--thankfully--the car sinks below the pond's surface. Whew! Norman is safe.       Once again, we've been manipulated.       All this manipulation, of course, has a single purpose: Hitchcock wants to shock us again. And he does when it is ultimately revealed that Marion Crane's killer wasn't Norman's mother, but Norman himself; that Norman is a matricidal maniac who not only killed his mother but has kept her corpse stuffed like one of the taxidermied birds mounted on his motel office walls.      Hitchcock, indeed, played us \\"like an organ.\\" I remember adults literally screaming--\\"Oh, no!\\", \\"Oh, God\\"--during the brutal shower sequence. I never screamed. But I sure as heck stayed hunkered down in that car-coat every time those violins began to screech.     In theaters across 1960 America, Hitchcock reduced us to our last nerves and wickedly sawed away on those nerves like a violin bow scraping--staccato--on a very taut string. ---Hoyt Harris     * The popular \\"myth\\" about the PSYCHO shower scene is that the knife is never seen to penetrate the flesh. This is not true. A frame-by-frame examination of the shower scene shows that the knife point disappears against the actress' torso just below her navel for the last three frames of one eight-frame sequence. But In order to see the penetration, the movie must be run in slow-motion, but it actually happens, albeit only once and briefly. Because film runs at 24 frames-per-second, a mere three frames (one-eighth of a second) is brief, indeed. ----H.H.
B001BKG9SK|5.0|One of the last and best for picture and sound.  Great on HD tv also.  I really was hoping one day Pink Floyd with tour again all together.  God Bless Richard Wright, I loved the way he played the keyboard in this last show.
B000PC6A3E|4.0|This isn't a required prerequisite to \\"[[ASIN:B001GZ6QEC The Dark Knight (+ Digital Copy and BD Live) [Blu-ray]]],\\" but it is useful in the progression.  I bought the movie specifically to add content to my Blu Ray collection.  If you're into the Batman series its worth the money for high def, if not wait for \\"The Dark Knight.\\"
B001GAPC1K|5.0|2008 has been a banner year for movies from my point of view, and one of the highest points was IRON MAN. There have been a lot of comic-book adaptations in the past few years, and there are a lot more coming. Unlike those seen in past decades, the more recent set of adaptations have been in general good-to-great, with even the worse ones generally reaching at least the level of mediocre-watchable (as opposed to the depths reachable only by abominations such as, say, the Captain America movie made about 15 years ago).<br /><br />Iron Man is at the top of this pretty impressive heap. One of the things it manages to do is keep most of the ORIGINAL Iron Man origin, something I was sure that they would dump or, worse, screw up. While the details were, and had to be, changed (for instance, the original Iron Man started out as a POW in Viet Nam, if I recall correctly), the essence of the origin is the same. Into this they also seamlessly integrate a MOTIVE for carefree playboy Tony Stark's conversion into a hero willing to risk himself personally in battle for other people.<br /><br />Downey's portrayal of Stark is letter-perfect, in some ways possibly even better than Tobey Maguire's Spider-Man/Peter Parker -- which is saying quite a bit, as the first two Spider-Man movies basically set the bar for modern superhero movies, and set it very high. Stark is a patriot, but also a super-wealthy and successful genius who likes playing with his money, entertaining himself with beautiful women (and never committing to them) and basically doesn't bother to think much about the potential dark side of the weapons manufacturing that Stark Industries does best. Despite his apparently worldly ways, Tony Stark is -- actually -- very much an innocent, an adult with the impulses and idealism of a child.<br /><br />And when he discovers how very badly his own creations are being abused, he has the same outraged fury that any young person has when some of their most cherished and fundamental beliefs are shattered.<br /><br />But unlike 99.999% of children, Tony Stark can DO something about it. And after going through a personal hell that shatters and rebuilds him, he decides that he WILL do something about it.<br /><br />And then things start to get ugly.<br /><br />The first movie in a known-character series like this -- Spider-Man, X-Men, etc. -- usually suffers from Origin Syndrome. You have to spend time introducing us to the main character, setting up what they're like, give them their origin, lead them into a problem, and then if you're lucky spend the last forty-five minutes actually doing the superheroing that is (presumably) the draw.<br /><br />Iron Man DOESN'T suffer from this. Partly this is because unlike most of the other superheroes, Iron Man isn't a victim of chance, a fortunate or cursed person who got the right genes, got bitten by the right spider, was gifted by gods at a whim with strange powers beyond those of mortal men. Iron Man is literally a self-made man. He becomes a hero by the power of his own mind and resources; he decides to become a hero because he's seen that a hero is needed, and that decision and the process involved is part of what makes this movie WORK, and work well.<br /><br />Another reason this movie doesn't suffer in the origin sequence is that Tony and his situation are more familiar to us in the real world. He isn't fighting mutants with wierd powers (that have to be explained, just like the hero's), or psychos with a personal issue (that needs to be brought up in detail). He's a familiar figure, a powerful and wealthy man who suddenly finds that his own mighty empire is corrupt, and he needs to fight against THAT. His issues are front page news here, with only slight changes to names. So there is no need to waste much time explaining; we can understand what he is, what his enemies are, and so on. The only thing we DON'T see in this world is..<br /><br />... the Armor. And of course, THAT is the other greatstar of Iron Man. We have finally reached the point where that amazing super-suit of armor can be believably created on-screen, and it's clear that someone spent a very, very long time trying to MAKE it believable (just one example; when Tony flies with the suit, you can see the suit's general configuration SHIFT with flight direction, speed, etc. -- just as a real flying vehicle has to shift its configuration with flaps, etc. in order to maintain good flight characteristics).<br /><br />Even more interestingly, the movie avoids some of the nastiness and grotesquerie which could easily have been present in some of the sequences, leaving this a movie I don't feel uncomfortable letting my (older) kids watch.<br /><br />I sure hope that the sequel, and currently planned connecting movies, do not disappoint.g super-suit of armor can be believably created on-screen, and it's clear that someone spent a very, very long time trying to MAKE it believable (just one example; when Tony flies with the suit, you can see the suit's general configuration SHIFT with flight direction, speed, etc. -- just as a real flying vehicle has to shift its configuration with flaps, etc. in order to maintain good flight characteristics).    Even more interestingly, the movie avoids some of the nastiness and grotesquerie which could easily have been present in some of the sequences, leaving this a movie I don't feel uncomfortable letting my (older) kids watch.    I sure hope that the sequel, and currently planned connecting movies, do not disappoint.
B0013FSL3E|1.0|This is the first Disney/Pixar movie I have seen that I felt was boring.  (I was checking my watching every ten minutes to see when it would be over.)  These are the reasons I did not like it: 1) It took too long for the story to get going--or for Wall-e to board the spaceship; 2) the characters lacked development--especially Wall-e who is the main character (I didn't feel anything for these characters: Wall-e, the Captain, etc.); and 3) this movie was filled with cliches, such as the Captain is going to rebel against the Higher Authority, insignificant Wall-e is going to save the day, we reap what we sow (or in this case the garbage that we made is the garbage that our planet turned into), etc.  I would have to say Wall-e is the first movie that I thought could NOT be enjoyed by both kids and adults.  For a much better environmental animated movie that is filled with original ideas, I highly recommend Spirits Away.
0375826726|5.0|of all of the books that i have ever read (a lot, trust me) this is by far the best ever.  I don't understand why anyone wouldn't rate this 5 stars!!
B0010YSD7M|5.0|A great action movie that uses all of the SG1 cast throughout the don't blink moving action! An must for your library!
B00139W3NE|5.0|I love the books and this movie was great, and the ending was good even though they sort of left it out.
B0011NVC9I|5.0|This movie ranks with the movie 300! Great CGI, with a feel of 3-D at times. A must for your movie files. A second or third watch brings out all of the \\"little things\\" you'll miss at first.
B000BNI90O|5.0|The music of \\"Lord of the Rings\\" reminds me so much of Richard Wagner's Ring Cycle. Well, the entire story of LOTR reminds me of The Ring Cycle. But apples and oranges aside, the musical themes (or leitmotifs) here are dazzling. From the \\"Orc Industry\\" to \\"The Fellowship\\" to \\"Hobbiton\\", they all so diverse and so distinctive. I love every minute of it (except for some overly bombastic parts that are very irritating to the ears). Kudos to Howard Shore, and to Peter Jackson who hired Howard Shore.
B0007PALZ2|5.0|Sci-fi film in which Bruce Willis plays a time traveller who travels back to the year 1990 from a dystopian future to stop a virus that in the year 1996 will wipe out most of mankind and forces the survivors to live underground. However, when he arrives in the year 1990, he is believed to be mad and is placed in a mental institution, under the care of psychiatrist Madeleine Stowe. Stowe also believes that Willis is suffering from mental illness, with paranoid delusions of the end of the world, but then Willis mysteriously escapes from the solitary confinement cell he has been placed in following an attempt to escape the mental institution. Six years later, in 1996, Willis appears again and tracks Stowe down, taking her hostage and forcing her to drive across country to Philadelphia, because he needs her help to stop what he refers to as the `army of the twelve monkeys'. Stowe believes that she has been kidnapped by a dangerous schizophrenic and does not believe his claims, that he is from a future in which most of the world's population has been wiped out by a deadly virus and that he has come to try and stop this virus. But when strange things start happening that verify that Willis is indeed a time traveller, Stowe is forced to put her professional scepticism to one side and accept that Willis is not insane but has been speaking the truth the whole time. Now Stowe tracks Willis down, and is anxious to help him try to stop the virus and the end of the world. But now Willis has become the unbeliever, and has started to doubt his own sanity and wonder whether his memories of time travel and a dystopian future are real or rather the invention of a deranged mind. Ironically, Willis' psychiatrist now has to convince him that he is sane after all, and the stakes could not be higher, because if he does not start to believe this, all will be lost. This film was a quite flawless work of science-fiction imagination, relying on story rather than special effects to make its mark. Bruce Willis is excellent as our bemused hero who doesn't know whether he is sane or crazy and Madeleine Stowe is also faultless as the psychiatrist who at first believes that Willis is mentally ill but slowly becomes a believer. Brad Pitt is also notable as an eccentric animal rights activist that Willis first meets in the mental institution. This film has few if any special effects, even in the scenes set in the future and it is a testament to Willis's acting ability that I found myself empathising with the pain of Willis' character as he joyfully experienced the things that we take for granted - clean air, music, being able to live above ground - in contrast to the horrors of his own time. This film was an exemplar piece of story-telling; with its message about appreciating the world that we have even with its imperfections, a wonderful red herring and an excellent twist near the end of the film that elevated what would have been just an excellent film into an outstanding one. Highly recommended.rk. Bruce Willis is excellent as our bemused hero who doesn't know whether he is sane or crazy and Madeleine Stowe is also faultless as the psychiatrist who at first believes that Willis is mentally ill but slowly becomes a believer. Brad Pitt is also notable as an eccentric animal rights activist that Willis first meets in the mental institution. This film has few if any special effects, even in the scenes set in the future and it is a testament to Willis's acting ability that I found myself empathising with the pain of Willis' character as he joyfully experienced the things that we take for granted - clean air, music, being able to live above ground - in contrast to the horrors of his own time. This film was an exemplar piece of story-telling; with its message about appreciating the world that we have even with its imperfections, a wonderful red herring and an excellent twist near the end of the film that elevated what would have been just an excellent film into an outstanding one. Highly recommended.
B000LP6KSU|4.0|Yeah, there are some S-bombs but the F-bombs are completely bleeped out. And besides a CD that is clean doesn't necessarily have no swearing.<br /><br />Do you like Incubus? They have a CD called Make Yourself and it has F-Bombs that AREN'T bleeped out.<br /><br />Why would you need a CD that's not explicit just cause you're in school anyway?<br /><br />Don't we all have iPods or other mp3 players where the sound only goes to OUR ears anyway?<br /><br />K. Moving on.<br /><br />The first time or two that I heard this CD nothing really stuck out as catchy or noteworthy besides Cancer. That one stuck out right away.<br /><br />Now all the singles plus Cancer, Sleep and Mama and such stick out and I'm ready to give this CD about 4 stars.<br /><br />I'm rounding it up because the other guys complained because it wasn't clean. I only got this version because it was way cheaper than the unedited version (used). Usually, I CAN'T STAND edited stuff. But they still drop S-bombs here so I was pleased.<br /><br />Standouts (no order):<br /><br />The End, Sleep, Cancer (my favorite), Mama, Famous Last Words, Teenagers and Disenchanted.<br /><br />end note: (11-4-08, 7:13 am) I want to get to know this CD more before I stamp an accurate rating on it. But it's somewhere around 4 stars.
0312427565|5.0|Having seen the movie before reading the book, I expected Wolfe's THE RIGHT STUFF to be good. I was surprised how good it turned out to be in capturing the mood of the America in the late 50s and early 60s. Character, admittedly topped off with a little self-promotion in zorder to rise up the military ladder, was king. Also pointed out by Wolfe is the Protestant underpinings of the seven golden boys. Backed by Presbyterian and TIME magazine czar, H. Luce, John Glenn (Presbyterian to the core) became the perfect promotional piece for the day and age.<br /><br />The narrative moves quickly. The sections on Yeager are worthy of their own treatment as a book. Wolfe is on top of his game, which in his case is not being too flowery.
B000002J2F|5.0|From the album art to the lyrics, this is a story of a heart being torn to shreds from love that has faded away like a summer sunshine quickly giving way to the bitter winds of winter.<br /><br />Phil Collins is so brutally honest in his descriptions of a relationship that has gone so bad - it mirrors his failed marriage at this time - and it speaks to each careful listener, but perhaps on a variety of emotional levels. Tony Banks and Mike Rutherford are the solid nucleus that weave wonderful music around the shadows.<br /><br />Rarely does art truly touch the soul...this March 1980 release is a timeless masterpiece because it does just that in so many ways.
0385338724|5.0|This was my first Sophie Kinsella book and it won't be my last.  The story was well written and kept me turning the pages even while stopped in traffic.   Really enjoyed the situation the heroine found herself in.
B0017APQ1K|5.0|The movie is GREAT, the way it was shot, the camera work, the exceptional action, the story-lines, everything! The masterful story developing when it goes through waves to culmination is mesmerizing.  I can't speak about this work otherwise as in superlative terms and it is why it had 10 academy nominations.   The story is incredibly deep, the dialogs are unbelievably smart and trough to life. In every shot, angle, camera movement, music there is so much of cool, artistic interpretation and sophistication. My humble description can even remotely capture the splendor of this work.
0375826726|5.0|My son loved this book and cannot wait until the next book is published.   Brisinger arrived quickly and made for great reading.
B001DTUU7A|5.0|I didn't watch this movie with children but still I fell in love with it! I do love animations but I must say that this one along with Ratatouille is by far the best featuire length animations I have ever seen!  I also think this is Jim Carrey's best work! He really made Horton exactly as he should be!   Great job Carrey!
B000VNMMQG|5.0|This film is relevant and timeless.  It's about a giant of a man, a Christian dedicated to abolishing the English slave trade, and it paints a beautiful and moving portrait of this man, William Wilberforce, played marvelously by Ioan Gruffudd.  Rufus Sewell is also outstanding as his friend, Clarkson, and Albert Finney is unforgettable as the former slave ship captain who wrote the hymn \\"Amazing Grace.\\"  This is the sort of film that can be shown to high schools and college classes, to families, to church groups, to any and all who want to know the story of all that Wilberforce endured politically and personally for his beliefs.  It is exquisitely directed by Michael Apted and every performance is terrific, not just the few I've named.  The portrait of William Pitt in this film, England's youngest prime minister, is deeply affecting, and the film takes on even greater power when we realize that slavery in many forms still exists today.  This is a film that makes us ask \\"Are we doing enough?\\" on every level? Are we doing enough to bring out the best in ourselves and in others, and for the greater good?  Highly recommended.
B000EQ5TSI|4.0|I just got this disc after watching it years ago in its worldwide premiere.  I wanted to see what I liked about it and the film holds up remarkably well.<br /><br />MI-2 features the creative and extravagant pairing of Tom Cruise and John Woo (more explosions! more cars!). Their signature presence is evident in every shot.  Robert Towne's script, though no doubt rewritten, is actually tight with strong dialogue and a solid plot.  In short, the film works well on all fronts.  It doesn't force viewers to think or understand what the problem is - it just gets on with it, unlike many movies that try too hard to be cerebral and clever.  People clamouring for the original Brian DePalma Mission Impossible film (which I found convoluted) will never like the subsequent MI-2 and 3 efforts which veered more into James Bond action popcorn territory.<br /><br />Considering Woo's mixed experiences in Hollywood, MI-2 is actually one of his most polished efforts.  In spite of a couple of schticky moments which many people find justifiably hokey (I just had to watch the Audi-Porsche car spinning sequence again) - the film doesn't try to take itself too seriously WHICH IS THE POINT. Critics of Tom Cruise and John Woo will never fully enjoy the film, because of Cruise's cheeseball grin, and Woo's stylistic quirks.  But put away those issues, and excuse the signature doves flying around, and you have a thrill-a-minute film.<br /><br />The casting of Thandie Newton and Dougray Scott makes the film even more intriguing, and puts MI-2 above many other films of this genre that almost reach for this but never make it.  As an action film, this has some amazing shots that deserve kudos.<br /><br />The DVD extras are extensive and a good primer for anyone interested in how to do an action film. There are good interviews with the director and stunt supervisors.  There's also a hilarious mockumentary with Ben Stiller from the MTV Movie Awards spoofing Tom Cruise as \\"Tom Crooze.\\"<br /><br />MI-2 is underrated.  Watch it and enjoy it.  If you need a heavy down-to-earth thriller - heck, Mission Impossible was never about that if you recall the premise of \\"this message will self-destruct in 5 seconds...\\" It's meant to be fun.y it.  If you need a heavy down-to-earth thriller - heck, Mission Impossible was never about that if you recall the premise of \\"this message will self-destruct in 5 seconds...\\" It's meant to be fun.
B0013D8LCW|4.0|As most reviewers have observed, there is much to be admired in this film: acting, thematic development, emotional honesty, to mention a few.  However, there are puzzling flaws in the backstory that cause a good deal of the film to seem contrived.  For example, the chances of an eight year old student earning a scholarship to a wealthy private school seems unlikely.  Do scholarships even exist at the grammar school level?  Or, how did Shaun come to know Zach's sister and mother well enough to comment about them as he did?  What kind of relationship existed between the two families that allowed a second grade Zach and Gabe to travel the significant distance between their homes in order for their deep brotherhood to develop? And, if Zach has visited Gabe at college only once in the four years since high school, how close could they possibly remain?  Even though questions such as these can be ignored, a more logical and carefully structured backstory would have enhanced the films other well-crafted aspects.
B00009ZYC1|5.0|The original Shrek movie is easily the best in the series and for a variety of reasons that are pretty clear to most of the viewers. Unfortunately, the things that we can see wrong with the subsequent adventures seem not to be so apparent to the people behind the magic curtain. They seemed to focus on the slight things that might've been problematic in the first film and then magnify them to the Nth degree for the following episodes trying to propel the franchise on its faults.<br /><br />The best thing about Shrek was that even a two-year old could sit and watch the movie in rapt attention without drifting away. Shrek has enough light-hearted childishness to propel it along, forcing the viewer to smile repeatedly. The fart jokes work, the tongue-in-cheek anachronistic references make sense and give the film a sense of backward-nostalgic appeal. Everything about the film from the fight scenes to the music and the gross habits of the ogre are all endearing. Mike Myers shines bright in this and comes off as a true original.<br /><br />Shrek has a solid formula within the writing that doesn't take itself too serious. It also seems that it knew way back in 2001 that they were making a movie to compete with Pixar's 'Monster's, Inc', which was released around the same time. They also knew that they were targeting their audience somewhere between 3 and 13, but had hoped to make it appealing enough for adults. Well, they succeeded, because the film still stands up strong to repeated viewings and when you have a toddler, trust me, you'll be watching this movie a lot.<br /><br />There's not much in the film to find fault with. All of the extras are interesting or fun and the movie is very kid friendly.
031606792X|2.0|Sadly this book was a let-down for me.  I wish I would have rented it from the library.  I was so excited to get this book after SM's first 3 books in the series.  I got into the series late 2007 after my sister-in-law had read them back in 2006 from her teenage cousins and stumbled across them in the library one day.      As a huge fan of the witch or vampire genre novels when I was teenager, SM did NOT disappoint with her first book.  BD was a bit of a let down as the writing style was completely different than her previous books.  I agree with the current most helpful reviews of B. Donereu, swong, and J. Harbert.  I can't say anything more than what has already been said.   I will reread this book eventually but it doesn't invoke the same excitement as re-reading the first 3.  I hope Stephanie does release Midnight Sun and was saddened to hear what happened to her.      I hope in a few years she might consider going back to the writing style of the first three and work on growing her characters a bit more.  For a young writer though, I think this was a fantastic effort.  Her writing style is becoming predictable though (as evident by \\"The Host\\" - which I also ready on the day of release).
B000001FDI|5.0|This I feel is the best cd and album in my collection I have collected albums from the early sixties I know I have played this cd more than any other. I am only sorry that they did not record  another one they were the best collection of musicians of the time.
0375826726|5.0|I have read all three of the Inheritence Series and I think this is definintly the best. Brisinger is packed with action. In one part of the book, a mystery is solved and just blows your head off. The book has a catchy beginning and an awsome ending. It has a few sad parts like when a friend of Eragon's dies. But it also has alot of good parts and tense parts. One part that i like is when Eragon tries to teach roran how to  raise a rock using the ancient language. Before you read this book you might want to read the other books, ERAGON and ELDEST or else it will not make any sense what so ever. I can't wait for the final book of the Inheritance series to come out. The price is reasonable for this good of a book. This is one of the best dragon books that i have ever read. Best book ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
031606792X|5.0|I loved Breaking Dawn.  While the plotline definitely took a turn for the weird, I really appreciated Stephanie Meyer tying up all the loose ends.<br /><br />I can't really imagine a conclusion that would be any better than the one presented.  As I turned the last page, it was a bittersweet closure.  I was happy with what I had just read but still sad to reach the end of such an engrossing saga.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|LOVE It! The casting is fantastic - the characters are superb. I can't wait to see another episode. I have been glamorized and now I am mesmerized
B000OV170W|5.0|This is an amazing story about a young girl wanting to no longer be invisible and redefining her loyalties to her sister and family. About how a family is broken and disjointed by one parents devotion to heal her sick child. Very touching, the story brought me to tears.
B0000570DO|5.0|This Is a Warning to other Beatle Fans out there who want the vinyl version of this album: Don't Order It From Go!Hastings! They deceptively list this item as \\"L.P. record\\" and ship you the CD! In their \\"apology\\" email they mention they no longer carry vinyl records in stock and will update their listings. Ha! it's already been a week and they still list this as an \\"L.P. record\\"! Don't Be Fooled!
B0006GVJEE|4.0|I saw all the \\"best movie\\" reviews and bought it. I was let down as although it is good, it is far from best in my book. The acting performances are what make the movie. Reno and Portman really bring life to a very improbable relationship, and it is heartwarming in spots.     Beyond that the movie lost credibility almost from the start with the over-the-top action. This was supposed to be in NY. The opening assassination scene is ridiculous. Machine gun fire goes on for ten minutes, yet there are no cops, no neighbors. Reno seemingly can be in two places at once, crawling through ceilings and scaling multiple floors, and a crack shot of course, while others are blind. And escape is never a problem. This goes on in every action scene and isn't credible. The action in the DEA office is a joke. And Gary Oldman's character belongs in a Batman movie.    That wouldn't be bad if the rest of the movie wasn't trying for realism. They are trying to show a real relationcship developing under these circumstances. And they do. But it suffers under the weight of the cartoon action.
0920668372|5.0|This is excellent book to give to new or expectant mother of a son. I still have my orignal copy and my \\"baby\\" is 24. A fun heart-tugging book.
B000NVIGC0|3.0|Don't recall ever hearing this group until they came bursting (well, not bursting) through the PA speakers at Barnes & Noble. After purchasing the CD at said site (no plug), and playing it through at home, I gotta say maybe it was the group which was new to me, but the *sound* must have rung a bell reminding me why I enjoy the music of John Lennon, Mark Bolan, Jonathan Richman, Steve Forbert, Robert Plant...Arlo Guthrie?<br />It's okay to be \\"derivative\\" if the music is honest, which it is here. But with the exception of two memorable tracks, \\"Please Be Patient With Me\\" and the closer, \\"On And On And On\\", we have a set of arrangements, all excessive, meandering from cliche to cliche, in search of a hook. Actually, they find many on this CD. Too bad they couldn't scale down the foggy wandering around and offer some nice, car speaker-friendly opuses.<br />I think John Fogerty should have been enlisted to tighten up and brighten up the proceedings. Or maybe get Jeff T. a personal trainor - get off that park bench and get onto that jogging track!
1590200918|4.0|The Man in the Picture reminds me of other English ghost stories by Charles Dickens, M. R. James and L. P. Hartley, for example.  The story revolves around a painting of a Venetian carnival scene from the 18th century.  The painting has a strange power over those who own it - it possesses them.  The story of the painting is related by an elder Cambridge professor Theo Parmitter to one of his former students named Oliver.  Gradually, a story of betrayal and revenge unfolds to which Oliver is a simple witness, or is he.     Susan Hill writes very well but I found the story did not build in suspense and lacked the creepiness of a good story of M.R. James.  The central figure behind the \\"curse\\" of the painting did not quite come to life for me. I did enjoy how the story unfolded with Dr. Parmitter, in his very comfortable rooms at Cambridge, relating his experiences with the painting.  The overall story reminded me of something that might have been written for the \\"Night Gallery\\" television series that Rod Serling hosted.  It is well written but the story is somewhat predictable and lacking in surprise.
0375826726|5.0|It was fast and easy to find and order and the book came with speed and in very good condition. I have been very happy ordering from amazon, they have never dissapointed me yet. Thanks
B001DDBCUA|5.0|If you love \\"Sex in the City\\" then this is the ultimate experience. If you haven't seen the show then this will get you hooked...
031606792X|3.0|It took me several years to find the Twilight series, and once I finally picked up the first book - Twilight, I was hooked. Every other Twilighter can probably relate to me when I say the series became my addiction, my world revolved around Bella, Edward and Jacob for the week it took me to get from book one to book four.    Now, to clarify, I've rated the previous books in the saga with five stars. This particular rank of three stars should only be associated with Breaking Dawn - if you haven't read the other novels..READ THEM and stop reading this review right now!    That said, prepare for spoilers below.    I was severely disappointed with Breaking Dawn. I can handle the pregnancy, the marriage, \\"Renesme\\". I could even swallow the slow start the novel opened with. What bothered me, to begin with, is how the characters ( at least the main three ) all broke personality and .. well character. Edward asking Jacob to sleep with Bella? Maybe my interpretation of Edward is completely misconstrued but the (arrogant) hero that I know would NEVER stoop so low. Yes, I realize that he loves Bella, but please, his self sacrifice completely turned my stomach. AND JACOB, he just rolled with the punches..sure why not bang up Bella because and do the \\"bloodsucker\\" a favor. Now, this flows into the next flaw ( for me at least ) - Edward and Jacob becoming friends?    Excuse me, did Eclipse precede Breaking Dawn?    That move made Jacob appear shallow to me. Oh, more self sacrifice I suppose. Great to move the story (albeit it painfully) but pathetic when identifying established characters. Don't worry, Jacob gets a lot more hallow. He imprints on Renesme? What...just...happened...here. I would have preferred to see Jacob left in the damn snow, howling his broken heart out, then just transfer all of his affection and devotion, INSTANTLY - regardless of the fact that Nessie is a baby.    Now, as much as I am complaining about those two discrepancies, it should be said that I couldhave digested those plot twists and rated the novel a five if not for the following annoyance..    Bella.    Where did my sweet, uncertain, nerdy, awkward Bella go? We have already filed a missing persons report, because she certainly has NOT made an appearance since Eclipse.     Vampire Bella was .. empty. She got everything she wanted, okay..I can be happy for her..if not for the fact that she morphed into a completely different soul. That underlying self doubt just vanished and really, without reason. No lesson in growing to love yourself, no thought of expanding her horizon outside of the Cullens, nope..she just does a complete 180 because..the author rushed to get the book to print? I have no idea, that is the only reasonable assumption I can make because Ms. Meyer did not leave another alternative.    Regardless of every irritating turn mentioned, I will not return Breaking Dawn or burn it .. or throw it out the window. Neither will I read it again, though.    If you absolutely love the characters, and the story, I strongly urge you to stop at Eclipse. I really wish I had, because it will be years (if ever) before I am able to reread the series and enjoy them as I did before.
B000B8QG0O|5.0|Very few sequels are as good as the first movie. But, I believe this movie is even better than the original. The creators of these movies are just SO TALENTED. The characters are just great. The writing is great. I even catch myself with a tear in my eye when Jessie tells her story about becoming an unwanted toy, and being given away when her little girl out grows her. It made me think of all the toys I outgrew and gave away. I hope I didn't hurt their feelings too badly! LOL<br />Anyway, my 4 year old twin girls love this movie. They have even talked about asking Santa for a Buzz Light Year and Woody doll this year.<br />As one of my girls say...\\"Buzz Light Year to the ress room, to imfimity and beyond!\\"<br />Our whole family enjoys this movie. A true classic!
B00005LC1H|5.0|Fawlty Towers is one of those British sitcoms that although they haven't a high number of episodes, the quality alone is something to make it a timeless classic. I think the high number of people who wil gladly vouch for how good this sitcom is only expresses the true quality of the comedy and the cast involved. The characters are well defined and the setting is utilised to its full potential. Only 13 episodes were made but managed to gain such a cult following, those 13 episodes were just enough to keep the likes of Basil Fawlty a household name for over 30 years. Only the likes of Del Boy and Rodney have gained such a heightened level of comedic status.<br /><br />The story is simple, Fawlty Towers is a hotel owned and managed by Basil Fawlty (John Cleese) and his wife sybil (Prunella Scales). Basil is supported by his hotel cleaner and waitress Polly (Connie Booth) and his bellboy and waiter Manuel (Andrew Sachs). The cast blend together brilliantly and have given us some of the funniest TV moments we're ever likely to see in our lifetime. Basil is the typical stressed out middle aged man, he goes on by letting lifes little troubles ware him down. He constantly tries to be the man about the hotel but constantly has his masculinity taken away from him by the scorn of Sybil.<br /><br />John Cleese has always been a man I've considered as one of my idols, and this sitcom is the reason behind that. The comedy may be very slapstick, politically incorrect and at times very childish. I can't explain it but it all just seems to work in a way that will have you in fits of laughter no matter how many times you watch. The character of Basil is shockingly brilliant, I don't think anyone else could have played the character to such a level like John Cleese has. He is over the top, slick, stupid and physically funny. One of the best episodes that shows Cleese's physical prowess when playing this role is the infamous episode \\"The Germans\\" which spawned the line \\"Don't mention the war.\\" The Hitler impression is something to be witnessed and regardless of whether you find things like that offensive or not, you just have to laugh.<br /><br />Basil Fawlty is everything we find funny about people who lose their temper. He has his moments of trying to hide such terrible situations from his wife, but because of those attempts at hiding the problems he only manages to make them worse. The best example of this is when Sybil wants some building work done on the hotel, she wants to use a well respected but expensive builder. He wants to have a friend to do it on the cheap but he is anything but respectful. While Sybil is away for a weekend, Basil goes against her wishes and has his friend do it with disastrous consequences. What follows is a hysterical attempt at hiding the tragic building work from his wife by trying to keep her out of the hotel.<br /><br />It's a fantastic series and I could honestly go on talking about it forever. I have nothing but good things to say about every cast member and their respective characters. John Cleese is a legend and he is one of a kind, he made the character his own and would have been something nobody else could have done. I would recommend this set to anyone with even a decent sense of humour.ler impression is something to be witnessed and regardless of whether you find things like that offensive or not, you just have to laugh.    Basil Fawlty is everything we find funny about people who lose their temper. He has his moments of trying to hide such terrible situations from his wife, but because of those attempts at hiding the problems he only manages to make them worse. The best example of this is when Sybil wants some building work done on the hotel, she wants to use a well respected but expensive builder. He wants to have a friend to do it on the cheap but he is anything but respectful. While Sybil is away for a weekend, Basil goes against her wishes and has his friend do it with disastrous consequences. What follows is a hysterical attempt at hiding the tragic building work from his wife by trying to keep her out of the hotel.    It's a fantastic series and I could honestly go on talking about it forever. I have nothing but good things to say about every cast member and their respective characters. John Cleese is a legend and he is one of a kind, he made the character his own and would have been something nobody else could have done. I would recommend this set to anyone with even a decent sense of humour.
B001DDBCV4|5.0|Great movie, great quality. I love the digital copy--this way, I have the movie on my TV and on Blu Ray. Super easy and super fast to get the digital copy.    This is the bonus version movie with extended scenes. You might be able to watch the theatrical version (w/o extra scenes), but I haven't figured out how.
B000O599ZS|5.0|It doesn't take much to get John Wayne rawled in this classic John Ford epic, The Searchers, 1956, as the duke is Ethan Edwards, a Civil War veteran who finally rides home after a long and drawn out war between the states, only to find another war with the Comanches. After his entire family is wiped out, the duke sets out to seek revenge and find his only surviving niese (Natalie Wood) who was captured by the hostile Indians. This classic film is listed in the top one hundred films of all time, and is also one of the duke's better acting roles - Oscar worthy, with a solid supporting cast, Ward Bond, Jeff Hunter, and featuring superb cinematography and bold scenery,and there's the usual John Wayne western action, the 100th anniversary version dvd is 16x9 widescreen, no extras.
B000X418UE|5.0|Fantastic movie, finally on Blu-Ray. I already have this on DVD, and am glad I now have it in HD on Blu-Ray. Now, I'm good to go.
B00133KFGW|5.0|\\"August Rush\\" will grab your heart strings .This film is put together perfect,and the music is great.Robin Williams takes a role like never before,and should have been nominated for an Oscar.This is a film the entirer family can watch together.
B00005JN2Z|5.0|This is probably the best Tom Cruise movie ever!!!    The gunshots sound amazing! This just needs to be released on Blu-ray now!
B0018RWMNM|5.0|Experiencing this 6 plus hour TV (4:3 ratio) Western mini series in 1989 was an amazing experience.  LONESOME DOVE was considered by many to be the \\"Greatest Western ever made\\".    Now for the first time ever we can re-experience this classic better than ever.  NOW \\"LONESOME DOVE\\" 2 Disc Blu-ray Collector's Edition has been Digitally Remastered in WIDESCREEN 5.1 Surround Sound.  UNBELIEVABLE!!!!     For your HD Home Theater w/HDMI 5.1 Sound explodes off the screen with this epic classic as you have never seen before.  Amazing!!!    My qualifying statement:  My HD Home Theater weighs in at about $2000 plus movies.  A break down is; a Mitsubishi HD Projector (HC-1500) $800 (orig $1495), A Sony Blu-ray 5.1 Sound System $399 (orig $499) and a Sony PLAYSTATION 3 w/Blu-ray player $399 (orig $499).  Sony HDMI cables $150 and a HD Screen Paint and Kit $180 for my 108\\" viewing wall screen.  With this 1080p system I've created a HD Home Theater presentation sight and sound equal to an IMAX (on a smaller scale) experience.    This 1080p w/5.1 sound Widescreen showing of \\"LONESOME DOVE\\" blows your mind eye, period.  Seeing this Classic Western on the Big HD HOME THEATER SCREEN brings you to the full appreciation on the American West.  Robert Duvall, Tommy Lee Jones and cast are now even bigger and better than ever.    I guarantee you'll be watching this one many times.    You must have this for your Western Classic Film library,today. Enjoy.
0316066524|4.0|I had read David Foster Wallce previously.  He had authored pieces in Harper's for years.  I was saddened by his taking his own life, but upon his death I decided to read as much of his that I could. I.J., as his fans call it, is the first actual example of post modernism that I can relate to another person and explain its basis.  I have read all the post mod classics, \\"White Noise\\" \\"Underworld\\" et al, but until I.J. I was unable to relate it to anyone.    I.J. is an experience in reading.  It is unlike any novel that I recall reading in the last 20 years.  I describe it as reading on the internet.  All the footnotes the author puts in are so many hyper links to other textual treasures.  It's intense reading.  I liken it to Pynchon in its rapidity and sentence structure.  Foster Wallace doesn't have the gift of word choice like Pynchon, but I.J. is just as sad, funny, and exhausting as \\"Gravity's Rainbow\\".  Buy this to read at different times of the day.  Don't sit down at period of time and try to consume it.  I don't believe that was his intent.    David Foster Wallace was a talented artist that will be greatly missed.
B000JLSM00|5.0|Experiencing this 1956 Widescreen WESTERN Classic in the movie houses was breath taking and unbelievable with that bigger than life panoramic screen and John Wayne.    Not since 1956 have we been able to re-experience that magical event until NOW!  Yes my fellow classics movie buffs this Blu-ray Hi-Def (HDMI) Picture and Digital Sound version we can NOW enjoy \\"THE SEARCHERS\\" better than its original film quality!    My qualifying statement:  My HD Home Theater weighs in at about $2000 plus movies.  A breakdown is; a Mitsubishi HD Projector (HC-1500) $800 (orig $1495), a Sony 5.1 Blu-ray Sound System $399 (orig $499) and a Sony PLAYSTATION 3 w/Blu-ray player $399 (orig $499).  Sony HDMI cables $150 and HD Screen Paint and Kit $180 for my 108\\" viewing wall screen.  With this 1080p system I've created a HD Home Theater presentation sight and sound equal to an IMAX (on a smaller scale) experience.    This 1080p HDMI Blu-ray showing blows your minds eye, period.  You must add this western classic to your movie library, TODAY!!!!    A live and well John Wayne is the reward alone.  This 1956 Western Classic allows us to escape seeing the youthful movie stars back into our lives once again.  With this Blu-ray movie you are swept off to where ever they take you.  Its truly an amazing adventure of sight and sound Pilgrim!!
B000002HRE|4.0|If you are of the speed metal only type of metallica fan, then this is not for you. However, if you love music, then this is. With Death Magnetic, Rick Ruben, along with many old metallica fans, said \\"make the album that should have come after And justice for all\\". The thing is, they made that album already. It's called \\"the Black ALbum\\". The fact of the matter is, Metallica was ready to move forward after \\"justice\\" - they had taken the \\"prog-metal\\"/speed metal thing as far as they could take it, and for them to evolve as musicians, they HAD to realease the stripped-down blues metal experimentaion that was \\"metallica(black album)\\", Load and Reload. which was, incidentally, just as important and influential as their first four albums. Musically, this is growth. this is experimentation. not something that the relatively narrow -minded\\"\\"new metallica sucks\\" fan wants to hear. They already made four perfect, groundbreaking thrash albums, which no one else had done.... So, if you like music, Load is an expertly crafted excercise in melody and slow-tempo heavy rock. and if you like the sound of that, then metallica is one of the best, if not the best, at that genre. which is pretty cool, since they are also the best (or were, depending how you see it) band at speed- driven prog - thrash metal. Thus, if you are more broad in your music taste, you will find that Metallica is a band who created and conquered two genres, and RELOAD is an excellent example of this.
B000001GBJ|5.0|I have fibromyalgia and use audio-visual biofeedback for pain management.  This is absolutely beautiful in its own right, but it also works well for my biofeedback.  I am so thankful for having found this group and their music!
B00003CXIP|4.0|I expected something different from `Stand by Me'; that is, since it was written by Stephen King (the novella from which the film was adapted from was) I was expecting something thrilling or scary.  What I got was something completely opposite yet equally engaging.  Instead of a horror film or even a tense thriller, we are presented with a deeply moving story about friendship, relationships and boyhood.  `Stand by Me' is a beautifully told story of adolescence; of four boys who find that central part of themselves over a weekend trek through the woods.<br /><br />Gordie, Chris, Teddy and Vern are on the brink of their teenage years.  Growing up in the 50's has not been too kind to them.  Their families are rocky as is their relationships with them.  Gordie, who narrates the story as an adult looking back at this chapter of his life, is conflicted at home.  His older brother has recently died, and his father is so wrecked over it that he casts Gordie aside as if he were unwanted.  Chris, Gordie's best friend, is treated horribly by the rest of the community because of his background (his father and brother are major trouble) and so he has become his own worst enemy because of it; downgrading himself and his own possibilities because of his conditioned mentality.  Teddy has suffered bizarre abuse from his father, who is now institutionalized; and Vern, well, he's got problems of his own (weight is always an issue).<br /><br />When a young boy their same age goes missing, and they get word that the body is down by the railroad tracks, the boys decide to trek out to find it and report the body.  What starts out as a few friends satisfying a morbid interest turns into a coming of age story that winds up completing these four young men in ways they never imagined.<br /><br />The movie is not perfect, but in parts it is grand.  Some of the acting is off, but there are some amazing performances that totally make up for the few inconsistencies; and while one major part of the film didn't sit right with me (the narration annoyed me) I can see its purpose; even if I wasn't a fan.<br /><br />The performances by the four young boys were all good, some great, some even superb.  Corey Feldman is an annoying celebrity (now that is) but when you separate his personal Hollywood existence from this performance you can see that he did a very good job.  He played the misunderstood kid, or in other words he played a normal kid, and he did it well.  Jerry O'Connell also does a fine job here at being a normal (albeit overweight) kid.  He's also an annoying celebrity now, but that's beside the point.  Wil Wheaton was less than impressive for me, especially since this was `his' movie and I never really felt compelled to watch him, except for in some of the final more crucial scenes.  He does a fine job in the end, but overall he was a little one-note.  Kiefer Sutherland delivers a memorable and engaging supporting performance as Ace, the town bully; but this movie belongs to the late River Phoenix who really deserved an Oscar nomination for his dynamic portrayal of the tortured Chris Chambers.  I was drawn to his every move, his every word, his every action and his character development was extraordinary.<br /><br />In the end I have to recommend this movie.  It could have been tightened in a few areas (I would have liked a little tension, and the removal of the narration would have been ideal) but the film is still a wonderfully fulfilling and rewarding journey through the tragedies as well as the blessings of adolescence.  Sprinkled with some wonderful performances and some poignant life lessons, `Stand by Me' is one of those touching buddy flicks you just can't help but adore.with me (the narration annoyed me) I can see its purpose; even if I wasn't a fan.    The performances by the four young boys were all good, some great, some even superb.  Corey Feldman is an annoying celebrity (now that is) but when you separate his personal Hollywood existence from this performance you can see that he did a very good job.  He played the misunderstood kid, or in other words he played a normal kid, and he did it well.  Jerry O'Connell also does a fine job here at being a normal (albeit overweight) kid.  He's also an annoying celebrity now, but that's beside the point.  Wil Wheaton was less than impressive for me, especially since this was `his' movie and I never really felt compelled to watch him, except for in some of the final more crucial scenes.  He does a fine job in the end, but overall he was a little one-note.  Kiefer Sutherland delivers a memorable and engaging supporting performance as Ace, the town bully; but this movie belongs to the late River Phoenix who really deserved an Oscar nomination for his dynamic portrayal of the tortured Chris Chambers.  I was drawn to his every move, his every word, his every action and his character development was extraordinary.    In the end I have to recommend this movie.  It could have been tightened in a few areas (I would have liked a little tension, and the removal of the narration would have been ideal) but the film is still a wonderfully fulfilling and rewarding journey through the tragedies as well as the blessings of adolescence.  Sprinkled with some wonderful performances and some poignant life lessons, `Stand by Me' is one of those touching buddy flicks you just can't help but adore.
1401307450|5.0|The thing I like about this book is the brutal honesty. Anthony Keidis is completely honest, sometimes too honest in his depiction of his life. He gives very vivid accounts of a crazy rock and roll lifestyle. It's a very interesting book that would make for an excellent movie someday. And if you are a Chili Peppers fan, it's great because he deciphers a lot of his seemingly indecipherable lyrics.
0767812166|3.0|I love me some Jeff Bridges (seriously, one of our greatest working actors today) and I thought he was outstanding in this science fiction melodrama; but the film as a whole was a little too hokey for my taste.<br /><br />I know a lot of people love this movie; but honestly...<br /><br />So the film revolves around Starman, an alien being who gets shifted off his course and winds up taking on the identity of the recently deceased husband of Jenny Hayden.  He persuades Jenny to take him across country to the place he was supposed to land, where he can be taken back home.  If he is not there in three days he will die.  Things would go fine if it weren't for the pesky government trying to find and capture Starman, thinking he is some kind of threat to the human race.<br /><br />The film builds on the relationship between Starman and Jenny, mostly focusing on Jenny's shift in attitude towards Starman.  She is initially frightened and unbelieving; then she is concerned and almost sympathetic and finally she finds herself falling in love with her husband who is not her husband all over again.  It is touching in scenes, but overall the film has this very heavy-handed manipulated feel about it.<br /><br />John Carpenter is not Ron Howard.<br /><br />Jeff Bridges, like I mentioned, is outstanding here.  He really captures the feeling of being out of place and foreign in a world you can barely understand.  He captures these muted emotions, emotions that he isn't quite sure how to express, and he does so in a beautifully sincere way.  Karen Allen is also quite good here, filtering through her characters state effortlessly.  She conveys a real sense of empathy for Starman, even when she is frightened and confused.<br /><br />The film is not a failure, and it is not a waste of time; but it isn't as strong as it could have been.  Carpenter is better known for his horror movies, so seeing this science fiction romance story come from him feels a bit off; and it shows in his direction.  In more comfortable hands this could have been an even better film; but Carpenter's approach takes away from the films impact.<br /><br />See it for Bridges and Allen, but don't expect anything `out of this world'.ve been an even better film; but Carpenter's approach takes away from the films impact.      See it for Bridges and Allen, but don't expect anything `out of this world'.
B0013K1ALE|5.0|The Song Remains The Same captures the members of Led Zeppelin in all of their 70's American glory in performance at Madison Square Garden. Jimmy Page, John Paul Jones, John Bonham, and Robert Plant are in fine form and the editing make this an entertaining ride from start to finish. The little band member vignettes are a little pretentious (save for Bonham's, which kicks _ss), but it's still amusing. It's worth the dough and a fine companion piece to the double Led Zeppelin DVD that came out a few years back. Highly recommended for any Zep head.
B001C08RHA|5.0|From the moment that `Iron Man' began I knew that this was going to be a fun ride.  My wife and I were talking recently about how the whole concept behind superhero movies has really shifted focus in recent years.  The major studios have realized that more than just teenage boys go to see these movies; and while there are still critical clunkers and high octane action popcorn munching fluff films thrown into the mix; there are also a slew of very intelligent and dramatic superhero films to come out recently.  While `Iron Man' may lack the moral dilemmas that made `The Dark Knight' one of the greatest superhero movies of all time, it definitely earns a spot next to `Spider-Man 2' as one of the most exciting and most watchable superhero movies in recent memory.<br /><br />We can all get on our knees and thank Robert Downey Jr. for that.<br /><br />From the opening scene, where Tony Stark is conversing rather charismatically with soldiers while crossing the desert, Downey Jr. embodied his character with so much natural charm that we were sucked in.  He was funny, he was touching, he was bold, he was confident, he was vulnerable, he was angry; he was all of these things throughout the course of this film, and each emotion was portrayed effortlessly.  He understood each avenue of his characters development and he worked very hard to create a man out of Iron Man.<br /><br />The film starts with a savage attack that leaves Stark in the hands of terrorists that want him to build for them his newly designed superweapon.  Instead, he builds himself a supersuit that enables him to escape with his life.  After witnessing the atrocities that his company has helped create (he builds weapons for war) he decides that he doesn't want his legacy to be mere death but he wants to do something meaningful with his life.  That's when Iron Man is born.<br /><br />The film, much like `Batman Begins' and the first `Spider-Man' film, focuses mostly on Stark's transformation from man to hero.  We see him struggle with his secrets and his plans, not knowing who to trust since everyone who appears to be on his side also appears to be using him for their own gain.  His decision to stop making weapons comes as a blow to the company and to his partner, Obadiah Stane, and it places him on a rocky path with his friend Rhodey, so Stark finds himself secluded and alone as he attempts to create something huge from his very noble idea.  We get to see Stark grow as a person, and thus become a hero on the inside before truly becoming one in the flesh.<br /><br />The performances here are all wonderful, each and every one.  Downey Jr. owns this movie (this was such a great year for him) but he is helped along by a wonderfully talented cast.  First, we have Jeff Bridges.  This man is gold to me, and here he is just brilliant.  Not only is he dashing in every scene (I really want his wardrobe) but he is also engaging and intriguing (and he has the best character arc).  Gwyneth Paltrow is luminous here as well.  She has received lots of good press for this performance, and rightfully so.  She is the typical conflicted best girl to the hero, but she plays it with such fresh spunk.  Terrence Howard is also very good here.  I'm not a usual fan, but he sold me and I'm actually a little upset they are replacing him with Don Cheadle (I am a huge fan of Cheadle by the way) for the sequel.<br /><br />The film is not as `important' as say `The Dark Knight' was.  `The Dark Knight' was a rare gem in the genre, exposing raw humanity within its scope; but Batman is a much different breed of superhero than Iron Man is.  Marvel comics were never as dark as DC, thus the colorful and action filled approach taken to films like `Spider-Man' and `Iron Man'.  Director Jon Favreau (who also co-stars) does a splendid job of making every scene bounce, giving it this vibrant energy that keeps the audience hooked from the very beginning.  This is a truly enjoyable and memorable superhero movie, filled with effortless charisma, engaging action and truly inspired performances.<br /><br />This has been a great year for superheros.illed with effortless charisma, engaging action and truly inspired performances.<br /><br />This has been a great year for superheros.
031606792X|2.0|*SPOILERS*    Given all the publicity around BD, I had extremely low expectations before reading this book.  I think I am being generous with 2 stars, my actually rating is 1 1/2.  I thought I hated New Moon but BD makes New Moon look like classic literature.  I mean, come on...Renesmee?!!! Too many episodes of Sesame Street when SM chose that name?? I wasn't too fond of the name \\"Bella Swan\\" either.  I hope Meyer wasn't as careless when she named her own kids. And geez, Bella is a sex-crazed whore?!! Sex is her only bargaining chip to prolong her humanity.  Then there's Jacob imprinting...o------kay, I'm still getting used to that idea, it's just creepy.  And gosh, this book had so much teenage angst I'm surprised I wasn't tempted to do something meaninglessly destructive like I dunno, shave my head or slit a wrist.  It was like watching a CW marathon that never ends.  There's just too many problems to list.  The only parts I enjoyed reading were the honeymoon and the Bella/Edward hunt where I felt the original chemistry between the two.  Please, Stephanie! Finish Midnight Sun to redeem the series!
B001DHXT1G|4.0|What makes The Incredible Hulk a great movie is that it does such a great job with the CGI. I recently saw [[ASIN:B001E75QGG Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull]], and the green screen special effects were so obvious that it was distracting to the action. That kind of blatant \\"fakeness\\" would not be good in a movie like The Hulk whose 'big' star is CGI technology. No. The Hulk delivers a realistic looking CGI protagonist (and a cool looking antagonist).<br /><br />The story flow is a little slow at times, and I'm not sure that Ed Norton was a slam-dunk Bruce Banner. The movie was good while Ed and his supporting cast were on-screen, but the movie was great when his CGI counterpart smashed onto the screen.<br /><br />The Incredible Hulk takes you from a brief introduction of how Bruce Banner became The Hulk, who uncontrollably destroyed everything in his path, to perhaps the first real confrontation that earned The Hulk superhero status. There's plenty of action and tons of visual candy. I was thoroughly entertained.<br /><br />The story is well-written for the screen by X-men screenwriter Zak Penn. The really good news is that Penn has announced that he is working on the screenplay that will bring The Hulk, [[ASIN:B001GAPC1K Iron Man]] and the rest of The [[ASIN:0785110828 Avengers]] together on the big screen perhaps as early as 2010 (wishful thinking).<br /><br />The Hulk needs some friends to help move his movies along when he's not in the green. The Avengers movie would be just the antidote that he's looking for.
0375826726|5.0|A+  Very well written - totally entertaining and suspenseful.  I can't wait for the 4th book to find out how it ends!!!
0312330537|5.0|This book is beyond belief great! You will feel that you got physically drop-kicked into Mumbai and at the same time feel very relieved that you actually weren't.
B0019T9FL6|5.0|When I first listened to the cd, i was not feeling most of it. After hearing it a second time, I changed my mind completely. This cd is fabulous. It is a great debut cd and I know that her sound/music will only get better.  My favorites: Invisible, We Gon Fight, If This Isn't Love; I'm Not Going, and Jesus Promised Me A Home Over There. Jennifer's range and vocal ability is amazing. I have been a fan of hers since Dreamgirls and will be from this day forward.
B001AIRUP4|5.0|The Blu-ray version is amazing, all the textures of the backgrounds and characters really come to life
B000ZBPQEO|4.0|The 88 CDs I have heard to about 66 before my cd player just rotates butnever stops at a disc.  I bought the Opera v. 2 set too.
6304936303|5.0|You cant talk about underrated action flicks without mentioning The Last Boy Scout. I mean this movie came and went and stayed off the radar for a while. Let me give you a brief description of what its about.<br /><br />Bruce Willis plays Joe Hallenback, a down on his luck private investigator who comes home and finds his best friend sleeping with his wife. He later teams up with an ex-football player named Jimmy Dix(Damon Wayans) whose girlfriend Cory(Halle Berry) just got murdered. Throw in Joe trying to find out who killed his best friend and a subplot involving gambling.<br /><br />Opinion: Lets do a quintessential buddy cop checklist and see if this movie meets those requirements.<br /><br />Does it feature an unlikely pairing? Check.<br />Does the unlikely pairing work well together? Check.<br />Does it have moments of humor since one of the stars is a comic? Check.<br />Does it give you one hell of ride from start to finish? Check<br /><br />So what the hell are these people expecting? This was made to be a popcorn flick but it was one hell of popcorn flick. Bruce Willis still shined as the action hero of the movie. Damon Wayans was funny but he also fared well when it was time to do a serious scene. I still laugh at the scene where Jimmy claims that Joe has to be the dumbest man on planet Earth because Joe is trying to solve the murder of the same best friend who slept with his wife. The audience still cares even when we come to that realization also. This movie came out at a time when you can expect a good action flick and the director Tony Scott hadnt dropped the ball yet in that department. If you dont expect oscar material you might like this one but I still think its one of the most underrated buddy cop movies of all time.
B000QUCNP4|3.0|There was no way Zodiac needed to be as long as it was. It dragged not long into it, though I really tried to embrace this film. It is a very dry type of film with a lot of different timelines and confusing aspects to keep track of. There is almost too much going on, but at the same time, there really is no actual action. There is some suspence and mystery, but for a film and true life event where there was no acual ending, it didn't really matter. There is alot of facts, but also alot of speculation and fabrication going on with this movie.     The story of the Zodiac killer is actually quite interesting but again, since the case was never really solved, and with the movie not really doing anything except revisiting that span of time, the movie feels a tad wasted.     The acting is really the redeaming quality of this film, with everyone doing a fantastic and believable job, especially Robert Downey Jr and Jake Gyllenhaal. They really worked well onscreen. However, a major fact remains that their respective characters were actually never even friends in real life. According to imdb, their relationship was 'fictionalized for the film'.    Perhaps this film needs more than one viewing to really appreciate it and to understand the key players and the facts about the crimes, but I don't think I can sit through almost 2 and a half hours again of boring dialogue.
B000OVLBGC|5.0|I cannot rave enough about this movie. The Lives of Others is one of the most compassionate and compelling films that I've ever seen. The spiritual awakening and concomitant birth of empathy within secret policeman Gerd Wiesler was a joy to behold. There are many good men on display in these frames. My title statement could just as easily apply to the main character Georg Dreyman and the fallen director, Albert Jerska, who gave Dreyman the score to Concerto for a Good Man. This is historical drama of the highest order and I will recommend it to everyone I know. Its portrait of the STASI is chilling and undoubtedly accurate. No, they were not the Gestapo but remained horrific in innumerable ways. The nuance in the filmmakers' depiction of THE uber-police state was sterling. Simply by watching it, one gets the feeling of living under a Leviathan that wants nothing better than to eradicate the individual entirely. The auteur was most ambitious in his goals but he met every one of them.
B000PY52EU|3.0|Craig Brewer's second film Black Snake Moan is a strange tale of sin and redemption in the new South. The film which could have been merely a lurid sexploitation film about a young nymphomaniac and the aging bluesman who attempts to heal her turns into an interesting if flawed exploration of the power of love and music to heal broken people.    The films leads Samuel L.Jackson and Christina Ricci do surprisingly good work in this film. Ricci plays Rae with feeling and compassion. She gives a performance that allows her to break free from her usual roles and play a character that while hard to believe at times comes across as broken and likable. Jackson steps out of his usual tough guy role into that of bluesman Lazarus who makes it his job to save Rae. It is in his showing of unconditional love that he leans the power of music to heal.    The disc I watched was standard definition but was quite good in both picture and sound quality. The musical score by Scott Bomar is quite good and reflects the blues roots of the source material. The dis includes a quite well done commentary by Brewer and three featurettes on the making of the film and its soundtrack.    All in all not a bad film and certainly better thann expected. Well worth a rental.
B001FEA9QU|1.0|I kept hearing Death Magnetic is a throwback to the good 'ol days of metallica.  What a crock that was.  First and foremost, Hetfield's voice is shot.  He just can't do it anymore.  Second, I disagree that this album sounds \\"between Justice and Black\\"...sounds more like a cross of load and st. anger with a little less blues.  I must admit a few tracks had promise, but as soon as the vocals started all was lost.    Metallica..if you're still making albums to support your booze habit, please retire.  I'd rather donate money to your whiskey fund than buy another CD.  Please..make it stop!
1607960001|5.0|This book is a wonderful reference for clear and concise writing. It has helped me improved my writing tremendously. One of the reasons why it is so effective is that it gives good examples of bad writing and lets you compare it with the better kind so that you can see the difference between them. The book has been used by many writers in the past, so it gives you the sense that it has truly helped many.
B001BR5F4C|3.0|It really what you want-- both the films in gorgeous Blue Ray high-def, and for a good price for both films.     The biggest problem is that feature-wise, these are exactly the same as the DVD release, there is nothing new, special, or blue-ray exclusive.
B001E75QGG|5.0|I have read a lot of negative reviews about this movie and it saddens me. This movie in my opinion felt very much like the other Indiana Jones movies. It also had a lot of details from the year this movie takes place in from the hatred and fear of the Russians, the Elvis song being played in the beginning, the aliens wich were thought about a lot back then, to the \\"I like Ike\\" presidential slogan. Also the fight between the greasers and the Jocks that happened a lot back in the day. A LOT of detail went into paying homage to the year this movie takes place in and gives you the feeling you are back in 1957 with our great hero Indiana jones.<br /><br />I know a lot of the action in this movie is over the top and at times unbelievable, but that is what I want when I go and see an action movie, an escape from reality. I like movies that are realistic too, but these movies are are meant to take you away from reality and stress and meant to just sit back and enjoy an action movie for 2 hours and this movie did that for me. Like I said it saddens me that people can't do that. The other Indiana Jones movies were just as over the top as this one was in my opinion and I could list several examples but I won't but NOBODY complained back then, audiences back then COULD sit back and enjoy a movie for what it was and not rip it to shreds. Watching this movie was like seeing an old friend again after 19 years and it was a great time and made me realise how much I missed him.<br /><br />The Blu-Ray version of this movie is great. The picture is fantastic and the audio is just as good. I saw the standard definition version at a friends place and the quaility was substandard, it did not even match todays standards of standard DVD's, the picture was just not good for a movie just released this year. That also does make the Blu-Ray picture seem that much better though. The bonus features are terrific also, it covers EVERYTHING from pre-production to post production, make up, effects and it is all in HD. The Blu-Ray also features some exclusvie bonuses as is usual, it has a rather cool timeline feature and has 2 Theatrical trailers that are also in HD. It is dissapointing that the standard DVD released picture quality is so bad because I know a lot of people only have the option of getting that version, but if you have a Blu-Ray player and want to enjoy a good action movie with a great action hero we grew up with then you owe it to yourself to get this on Blu-Ray.HD. The Blu-Ray also features some exclusvie bonuses as is usual, it has a rather cool timeline feature and has 2 Theatrical trailers that are also in HD. It is dissapointing that the standard DVD released picture quality is so bad because I know a lot of people only have the option of getting that version, but if you have a Blu-Ray player and want to enjoy a good action movie with a great action hero we grew up with then you owe it to yourself to get this on Blu-Ray.
020161622X|3.0|This book contains useful information for novice programmers.  The tips are good, but nothing new for experienced programmers.  I think anyone who has undertaken more than three or four projects will know 90% of the content from experience already.  I'm personally not getting enough from this book to justify the time it takes to read it.    For complete novices, this book may be a good work book to keep around as they mature.
0143038419|5.0|I LOVED this book!  I borrowed it from the local library after seeing it in almost every store I entered, then after reading about 2 chapters, I knew it was one I had to own so I could lend it to everyone else!  Gilbert brings you into her life at apoint when she is completely miserable, not because she has a horrible marriage but simply because she finds herself in the middle of a life she so does not want.  You follow her along through a year's time where she gets herself out of the marriage, finds herself and heals herself.    I have never run across a book where I was ready to start it all over again the same day I finished it.... but this one was it for me.
B000W91RUG|5.0|Yes, you read correctly. \\"The Big Bang Theory\\" was the only funny new sitcom of the 2007-08 viewing season. The pickings have been that slim of late. The writing is whipsmart, the storylines entertaining, the acting by the principals note perfect, and Jim Parsons' Sheldon is a comedic creation for the ages. It also doesn't hurt that Kaley Cuoco is easy on the eyes. Watch this one, people. That's an order!
B0000256VK|4.0|not much of a roxy fan,but this cd seems less distinct then brian ferry's boys and girls.
B000ZOXDFA|2.0|I dont know, I just didnt feel this movie, I liked the first one, but in this one Blanchette is a real Bit#h, and it gets old.  Clive Owen is game as Sir Walter, but he and Blanchette dont really have much chemistry, and his supposed chivilry sort of falls flat.  One thing is constant in both of the Elizabeth films and that is that Geoffrey Rush is fantastic as Walsingham, he is riviting everytime he enters the frame.  This is beautiful film to look at, the imagery is amazing, the cinematographer is fantastic, it's the pacing that is the problem, at times it felt like a history lesson and the scene toward the end were Elizabeth has her requisite Braveheart moment, I wanted to laugh, it just totally fell flat.  Overall, im not sure id recommend this movie, but if you liked the first one, you might be cool with this one, and I understand they are making a third installment, so I suppose you would have to watch it, in order to understand the context of the third film.  Pretty film, but not really a good film.
B001E1DJD4|5.0|Yamagata seems to be a real artist who doesn't seem to consider commercial viability as her first priority. She recently released a double album, the first disc which is entitled Elephants, the second, Teeth Sinking Into Heart.<br /><br />Her first solo album Happenstance had the piano, strings, and guitar, along with the hooks and choruses. It was ultimately a pop album, but had an unmistakable \\"mature\\" sound to it; she carved a niche for herself in the adult alternative realm, as well as the pop realm, through the use of affective lyrics over catchy tunes that blurred the line between rock and traditional singer-songwriter material. I feel sorry for the people who have never heard of Yamagata, because that album was so damn good.<br /><br />Elephants is slow, soft and relatively quiet. It's composed of Yamagata's smokey vocals, acoustic guitar, piano, and a lot of strings. Most of Elephants is like Yamagata's airy voice, breathed out as a wisp of smoke that gently wafts through the air, shaped by the slight vibrations from a slowly-beating heart.<br /><br />Teeth Sinking Into Heart is its antithesis. Electric guitars, drums, and a more forced voice leaves Rachael's mouth. Like a heart that's been ripped out; still warm. Raw.<br /><br />Yamagata plays the piano and/or acoustic guitar on every track, and she arranged many of the song's string/brass/woodwind parts. She's backed by a powerhouse of talented musicians that give this album a very sophisticated and impressively orchestrated feel.<br /><br />This album doesn't really fit into a mold, and is an obvious break from Yamagata's brief past. It's clear she wanted to try something different, because this effort, four years later, is very different. An experimental album. Love it or hate it. She gives you two choices, to better her odds: Elephants is the white to Teeth's black. The quiet to the loud. An elephant to a tiger.<br /><br />I should mention that \\"Duet\\" is a song she did with Ray Lamontagne, and it's pretty good. Also, the entire first disc may be mostly quiet, but it certainly has its moments; she never lets the music become stagnant. Above all, I must stress one thing: the brilliance of the opening and title track, Elephants. This was immediately, and remains, one of my favorite songs that I've heard in a very long time. It floors me. It is incredibly heavy, genuine, and poignant. It is Yamagata at her absolute best. The rest of the album as flashes of its brilliance but ultimately cannot (how could it) live up. If you're on the fence, listen to some samples, or honestly just buy this one song.ly quiet, but it certainly has its moments; she never lets the music become stagnant. Above all, I must stress one thing: the brilliance of the opening and title track, Elephants. This was immediately, and remains, one of my favorite songs that I've heard in a very long time. It floors me. It is incredibly heavy, genuine, and poignant. It is Yamagata at her absolute best. The rest of the album as flashes of its brilliance but ultimately cannot (how could it) live up. If you're on the fence, listen to some samples, or honestly just buy this one song.
B001CD6FKI|2.0|How much you like this film will depend partially on how much you buy into the central concept of the movie: a live-action film made as cartoon-like as possible through art direction and production values.  Perhaps the best example of that is the big hand to hand fight up in the mountains; whatever you think of the movie in general, that scene is a spectacular technical achievement.  Indeed, one cannot fault the Wachowskis on a technical basis in any film; they push the envelope in production design and photographic technique in every production.  However, I didn't buy into the live-action-as-cartoon concept, and the story left me cold.  Perhaps that's because I was never a huge \\"Speed Racer\\" fan growing up.  My wife was much more so than I, but even she didn't care for the movie so much.<br /><br />The performances are good; the actors are not the problem.  John Goodman is as good as he's been for a while (he's always an asset to a movie), Christina Ricci does a great job with the kind of part she hasn't really had before, and Matthew Fox turns in a good performance as Racer X for a promising big-screen debut.  (It helps that Racer X is not altogether different a character than Jack Shepard.)  Emile Hirsch is a fine Speed Racer, but he is burdened with playing the Oliver Twist of this movie.  Speed Racer is the title character, but like Oliver Twist, is the cipher at the center of the proceedings; a character that is a catalyst for other events but whom at the end of the tale we still hardly know.<br /><br />\\"Speed Racer\\" is a kids' film, but in my view fails as such.  It's too long, takes too long to really get moving plot-wise, and has a little too much language for kids.  I'm not a language prude; the language in \\"Speed Racer\\" is mild.  And I don't really mind if my daughter hears that in other contexts.  I suppose my objection to it is its gratuitous appearance, particularly in a film obviously oriented toward children.<br /><br />If you are interested in this movie, I would recommend a rent before purchasing if you haven't seen it before.a rent before purchasing if you haven't seen it before.
B001F2W4Y2|4.0|AC/DC is one of those bands that rarely disappoints me. I thought the last couple of discs were just on the OK side.  Black Ice is a return to form for these Aussie hard rockers.<br /><br />There are so many good tunes on this disc, it is hard to pick just one.<br />Some of the highlights include the first single, \\"Rock N Roll Train\\" and the songs \\"Skies on Fire\\", \\"War Machine\\", and the new classic \\"Spoilin' For A Fight\\".<br /><br />If you have ever been a fan of AC/DC in the past, you will enjoy this CD. Easily the best from AC/DC since 1990's The Razor's Edge.
B000E8N690|5.0|To be honest, I hadn't seen this movie until the other night.  I'm not a fan of country music and therefore I always thought that this wouldn't interest me, yet it was on TV the other night and I got engrossed in it from start to finish.  It was a moving story and so well acted.  Joaquin and Reese had amazing chemistry in every scene, but the best was watching them on stage together.  I thought they did such a good job singing rather than lip syncing.  Joaquin had his vocals down perfectly and you almost couldn't tell that it wasn't in fact Johnny Cash himself singing.  I never knew how difficult his childhood was and the lack of love from his father toward him.  You do not have to be a fan of Cash's music to really apreciate this.  Walk The Line is a great movie that I highly recommend.  It's so interesting and you can't help but tap your feet to the music.  It's so well acted and a great love story.  Go see it now if you haven't already.
B00139XZF4|4.0|I thought this was a very good movie.  Don't know what all the religious uproar was about.  Remember this is a Fantasy Movie.  Hope the bad press doesn't stop them from making the other parts to the story.
B001G5ZKZS|5.0|If the tour was any indication of what the DVD will be like, this is a must see for any Rush fan (even a casual one).  The new material will blow you away.    Rush on!  :)
B000EHSVQ4|5.0|I really enjoyed the theatrical cut until I saw the Director's cut which was way better. Here Ridley Scott is at his masterful best bringing this epic to life. With this cut the story in my opinion is explained better with the main characters and the added scenes were necessary to understand the story better. Orlando Bloom fits his role as Balian perfectly along with Liam Neeson, Jeremy Irons, Eva Green and Brendan Gleeson. Also a magnificent soundtrack composed by Harry Gregson-William which helps bring feeling to the movie. However with this movie running a total of 194 minutes it may bore and some people may think the story takes too long to open up.<br /><br />Fox had Scott cut the film by nearly an hour deleting significant and important character development at the expense of trying to fit in more showings per theater. This ultimetely helped to destroy this movie in the box office. This cut is presented in a four disc layout with the movie presented on two discs, with each disc holding about ninty seven mintues of the movie. The special features are also presented on two discs and explains everything from storyboards to premiers.<br /><br />I highly recommend the Director's cut over the theatrical version with alot more character and background issues are professionally defined in this magnificent epic that shows that Ridley Scott is truly among the best Directors of our time.
B00004U28G|2.0|Cool concept, great cast, awesome movie poster...incredibly lame movie.<br /><br />A lot of things could've been forgiven about THE CANNONBALL RUN if the movie had only been funny.  But it's not.  It's just an astounding waste of talent that ends with the amusing outtakes proving that the people who made the movie had a better time than the people who paid to see the movie.<br /><br />A good friend of mine despised this movie because he said, \\"It's like watching a party I didn't get invited to.\\"  He took it a little too personally but you get the idea.<br /><br />The shame is that I really love so many people in this: Burt Reynolds and Dom DeLuise look like they're having a blast, Farrah Fawcett, Addrienne Barbeau and much-too-brief Valerie Perrine never looked hotter, Roger Moore was spoofing 007 during the peak of his tenure as James Bond, and how cool to watch Rat Packers Dean Martin and Sammy Davis Jr. clowning as leering priests...if only the script could've risen to such a cast.<br /><br />The stunt sequences by Hal Needham weren't even that impressive (one summer later would see the release of one fo the great car stunt movies, THE ROAD WARRIOR).<br /><br />Overall, considering everything this movie had going for it, a big disappointment.
B0018S6YO4|5.0|She sings like an angel, and she looks like an angel. Brilliant record, gorgeous songs. She can touch your heart. She has certainly touched mine!!! I play her record every day, since the day I've got her album.  Robyn thank you for your songs...Jakob
B000YABYLA|4.0|I don't know if it made any difference, but I watched SUPERBAD before I saw JUNO.<br /><br />SUPERBAD is one wretchedly unfunny movie.  It delivers on nothing.  No laughs, no nudity, no fun.  The scenes in that movie only insult the viewer as it plods along in excessive bad language and mind-numbing pointlessness.<br /><br />Then I watched JUNO.  Quirky dialogue, interestingly apolotical plot, genuine characters, refreshingly involving scenes.  Wow, what a difference.  It's a fine Indie-styled comedy-drama that just happens to center on a teenage girl.  I'm definitely not a fan of the minimalist folk soundtrack but...it fits this movie.  And didn't keep me from enjoying it.<br /><br />Worth seeing.
6305841861|5.0|Here we are again,the eveil dead 2.if youve read my reviews for evil daed and army of darkness you should know im a big fan of this series.evil dead 2 is just like the first one with the thrills and chills we have come to love and expect.this time around ash has more dark humor and one liners(much like army of darkness)and that helps to lighten the tone a bit but by no means does it take away from the movie.all the bllod and gore you remember from the first is back,as are the deadites.overall if youve enjoyed the first part then your sure to love this one and army of darkness.and if not give a shot another because this movie is another MUST OWN for horror fans,diehard or not.
0143038419|1.0|I am so happy to see that other people had the same reaction to this book that I had.  I, too, had to quit before getting too far and I NEVER do that!  But the author is unbearably self-absorbed.  Thanks to other reviewers for their honesty.
B00005R24K|5.0|If you havent seen the evil dead then you need to run to your local dvd store and buy or rent a copy,i say buy because it belongs in everyones dvd collection.this horror film has it all,dark humor,lots of bllod and gore,possessions,and of course the infamous scene in the woods involving a girl,some trees and a dirty deed.i saw this film as a young kid with my dad and i LOVED it.when i was older i bought it on dvd and watch it often.this movie truly is the definition of cult classic.its alot of fun and even scary a few times(especially if its your first time watching).this movie is a MUST OWN.
B000EHSVS2|5.0|This is a great classic movie.  However, one week after I ordered, Amazon dropped the price $4.00 or about 33%.  Bummer.
1596912375|5.0|This is a truly first-rate, smart, and literate thriller.  It is both a page-turner and a profound meditation on identity--on what we think we know about others and ourselves.  The flashback sections were definitely the strength of the book, but all-in-all a terrific novel.
080701429X|3.0|As many stories introduce themselves, there are many times a main character who plays a strong influence in the books' effect on the person reading it.  The reader will often be able to connect to the main character through similarities that they share.  It could also be the willpower or determined personality that lure the reader closer to the main character.  In the case of Man's Search for Meaning, this was exactly what happened to me. I was hooked by the first page.  The author really allowed me to think about for who and what I am living for.  If I were to put myself in his optimistic shoes, I would realize that there is no way I could have gone through what he did with the positive attitude that he had.  Not only were his personality traits shining through the cover of the book into my mind, but alson adding to the books' real meaning.  My favorite personality trait would be Viktor's inspirational glow on life.  His powerful quotes fill the magical pages with truth and acceptance to his new life in the camps.  He teaches us that we need to sit back and just think about the true meaning in our lives.  He is sure that he will get out of the camps alive and be able to share his story with the world.  He overall just believed in what he said and was confident that everything would turn out okay.  Throughout Man's Search for Meaning, Viktor's personality traits shined out to me like a lightning bug in a dark night sky.  In the camps he had a way of helping other prisoners get their hopes up and many others to find their meaning in life. It was his personality that pulled him through all his hardships.
B000E1ZBGS|5.0|This is one of my favorite films of all time.  It has a lot of charm and brings Jane Austen's wonderful story to life. The acting was great and highly enjoyable.  Knightly plays Elizabeth perfectly and Mr. Darcy's character is also done very well.  This movie is a classic!
630460291X|1.0|I wished I had peaked at the reviews.  I had NO idea that this movie, in DVD form, was split!  You have to flip the DVD over to watch the rest of the movie.  I was SHOCKED!  I thought I was safe purchasing a film that I know and love but I was not.  This COMPLETELY RUINS the entire viewing experience!
B00006F2TV|5.0|I love this movie.  The actors were perfect for their roles and the action was great.  It brings you into Peter Parker's world and allows you to discover with him, his new power.  Probably the best in the trilogy, it introduces you to one of our favorite super heroes with great style.
B000ULQV0W|5.0|I have been PJ fan since first album (TEN) and i can say... it's Eddie Vedder making a trip to he fan's dreams, like a baby sleeping song.<br /><br />It's short but in a couple of time you listen to it, you will be hearing the songs in your head, again and again....<br /><br />I can say that the album is manufactured in materials of first quality. Even if you have not seen the film (like me) you will feel the history inside the lirics and through what is exposed in the pictures.<br /><br />I could give 6 stars.
0143038419|5.0|I really enjoyed Eat, Pray, Love.  I got a lot from this book.  I found her writing style very entertaining, easy to read yet still very deep and moving.  This book has made a big impression on me and I will read it again and again.
1552095258|5.0|Have now received book \\"Canoe paddles\\"Everything seems to be fibre glass or plastic down here, it is a \\"Breath of fresh air\\" to see so many paddles in their original form, WOOD.Cannot wait to get started.
0375826726|4.0|This was a good book.  I liked both the others, but Roran seems to become much more integral and more interesting than Eragon in this book.  I didn't like the flip flop on fathers.  That was really annoying.  The story linking eragon's real father and his mother was very weak.  Good luck to paolini on the last book (it will be the last, right?  we don't need another series to go on forever).  And please don't make it a thousand pages....
0765316897|2.0|I'm so disappointed. The book seemed \\"rushed\\" to tell it all. Could it be the last Robert Jordan book is taking precedence?  Sorry Brandon if you're reading this because I think you're a great writer.    I really wanted to give this book more stars but it was difficult just giving it two. Yes, it was that bad. I loved and I mean loved the first two. There was way too much repetition about where each character came from, their pasts in this book. We know that already. It was if the author was trying to fill the pages but I got so tired of reading the same sentence over and over again every few pages and every chapter. Tying in why so and so was able to do this and that was also very flimsy. Its as if the author was just pulling any solution out of the air to get it written. I found myself wanting to hurry up and get it over with. Once in a while it was clever, and even good, but 1% of good and 99% bad doesn't get it for me.
0780626966|5.0|just wanted to say i bought this when it came out for like $139.99 so i cant believe its this cheap.    hate when that happens
B000W91RUG|4.0|i have to say first i love this show. i was somewhat disappointed with the picture quality of the first few episodes. they seemed to be a little grainy but after the first few episodes the picture seemed to get better or i just got used to it. i would recommend this set to anyone who is a fan of the show. some of the smartest writing of any sitcom on tv. i hope there are many seasons to come.
B000Q8QH0I|4.0|One of my favorite films and it looks great in HD. All the features of the original DVD are included. The movie itself just gets better every time I see it and I catch details I missed on previous viewings. The way this film creates the atmosphere of the 1950s is amazing and what a terrific cast. It easily could have won the Best Picture Oscar. I highly recommend it.
B00064VR0W|5.0|Bought this as a present for my wife who is a HUGE RS fan.  I went from a zero to hero in about 30 seconds-a truly great DVD.
0061565407|5.0|Very good story, engaging (or horrible)characters that were wonderfully and differently described from a special dog's perspective. The audiobook reader was excellent and I stayed up way too late listening. Highly recommended. I'll remember this for a long time!
0920668372|1.0|someone got us this book as a gift for our second child we are expecting in December.  my Son who is 6 wanted to read it before bed. about halfway thru the book i wanted to stop reading it as i felt it was a little Morbid but i finished the book,(saying to myself that was the first and last time) sent my little one to bed. he called me in about 3 minutes later scared and crying saying he was going to die and he wouldn't see grammy and grampie anymore...what made him think of something like that and he said he didn't know, but he has never thought of things like that before and he generally watched age appropriate TV shows... i truly think the book made him think of that... great touching books for mom's....not so good for kids.... lets just say i like to keep happy thoughts in my child's head before he goes to sleep and in general.
B001C3KCSY|5.0|I have 3 of their previous releases and this one is by far my favorite.  Their sound has shifted a little, but I believe this is for the better.  Some of the distortion and background sounds are reminiscent of sounds I remember from old Genesis or Radiohead-esque, with a grunge rock twist.  You can take that remark as you wish, but you should give the album a chance.  You can definitely understand the lead singer's lyrics, where in past releases you played the \\"Guess what he's saying\\" game with your friends.  I hope Kings of Leon continue in this direction, it is wonderful.  I can't stop listening to it.
B0018CMJSU|3.0|I'm a big fan of The Godfather so I was very exited when they decided to digially remaster this.  After seeing the Part 1 and 2 remastered I'm am disappointed.  Yes, it does look a little better on my projector screen but not as good as I thought it would.  Some parts look the same as the old version and other seens are still fuzzy.  I know we're dealing with a 1970's film but still think it could look better.  On a few seens there is a big piece of dust that they never got rid off.  I can't believe the editors missed the dust!!
B000065BPB|5.0|The \\"HD-280\\"  \\"HD-280 Pro\\"  and the \\"HD-280 Silver\\" are the same.  I wrote Sennheiser to ask them if there was a difference because there is a difference in price (\\"Pro\\" costs less!).  Response, quote: \\"Thank you for your inquiry and interest in Sennheiser. They are the same headphone; some dealers reference the \\"PRO\\" part, others do not.\\"   Eric Palonen  Sennheiser USA  1 Enterprise Drive  Old Lyme, CT 06371
B00049QQHI|4.0|Shortly before he died of a drug overdose River Phoenix was asked what he was going to do next. He took a dog eared copy of The Basketball Diaries out of his pocket and said he wanted to play Jim Carroll. The Basketball Diaries project did get made, except with Leonardo DiCaprio instead of Phoenix. At the risk of being typecast River was set to follow that by playing the poet Arthur Rimbaud in Total Eclipse. DiCaprio picked up that role as well. The Basketball Diaries turned out pretty well for Leo, and was also a good break for Mark Wahlberg. There was however one unintended consequence: the students at Columbine copied not only DeCaprio's black trench coat, but also his violent fantasy of shooting up the school.<br /><br />Copy cat killers are a large problem for film makers. Oliver Stone tried to make a statement about violence and how it was glorified in movies and the news media with Natural Born Killers. Result: Copy cats. Seems like Stone fell right into his own trap (Juliette Lewis is in Basketball Diaries and Natural Born Killers, by the way). Take Taxi Driver as another example of what can go dreadfully wrong.<br /><br />I don't have any answers but am just pointing out the pitfalls for an artist who tries to address serious social issues with a very powerful and seductive medium. The Basketball Diaries also had to be careful not to glorify heroin. It kind of did in the first part, but then it tried to make up for it in the second part by showing a lot of puking and screaming--which is good as a cautionary tale, but it doesn't necessarily make for the best feel good movie of the summer.<br /><br />On the other hand, I also feel that the book that Jim Carroll wrote was misrepresented by the movie. Stephen Lang turned down the part of Swifty the basketball coach that went to Bruno Kirby because he felt the book was misrepresented. But that's Hollywood for ya. They made it into much more of a standard cliche plot, a cautionary tale, more like an after school special.<br /><br />Still, there was a lot to like about this movie, and the Jim Carroll story is quite a compelling one. Though at a young and tender age he was a petty criminal, heroin addict, and prostituted himself to support his drug habit, he managed to turn it around and become a successful poet, author, and rock musician. Carroll was also a high school basketball star, which can't be easy when your double life is a junkie. He also had a cameo in The Basketball Diaries playing, what else? a junkie. So, add acting to his already impressive resume. Also, though they tinkered with the book somewhat, there is plenty of verbage lifted directly from it, and his prose style always lifts the material above the mundane.<br /><br />-------------<br />Jim Carroll: And it's good that there is rain. It clears the month of your sorry rainbow expressions, and it clears the streets of the silent armies... so we can dance.<br />===========================<br /><br />The basketball scenes are exhilarating, as are all the early scenes before the negative effects of addiction take hold. Besides a great performance by DiCaprio, Mark Wahlberg also acquits himself well, as do Michael Imperioli and James Madio. Imperioli plays Bobby, a basketball star buddy of Carroll's who is dying of leukemia. Madio plays Pedro, who although too short to play on the basketball team, is nevertheless kind of the team mascot and a member of the gang.<br /><br />Music plays a vital role in the film, and the song \\"People Who Died\\" is especially effective since Carroll wrote and performed it, and some of the people in the lyrics, like Bobby, for instance are the ones in the movie, and Carroll's own real life. Also great are Patti Smith's \\"Dancing Backwards,\\" \\"Riders of the Storm\\" by The Doors, and the musical high point for me, \\"Down by the Water\\" by PJ Harvey. Her album, To Bring You My Love, had just come out in 1995, the year the film was released, and though the song didn't yet exist at the time period the movie was supposed to be in, it nevertheless managed to capture the feeling.<br /><br />[[ASIN:0140100180 The Basketball Diaries]]<br /><br />[[ASIN:0140422900 Living at the Movies (Poets, Penguin)]]<br /><br />[[ASIN:B001G8WTRC Forced Entries: The Downtown Diaries: 1971-1973]]<br /><br />[[ASIN:0670808873 The Book of Nods]]<br /><br />[[ASIN:B000002IB6 Catholic Boy]]<br /><br />[[ASIN:B0000542DH Natural Born Killers - Oliver Stone Collection]]<br /><br />[[ASIN:B000001E7T To Bring You My Love]]<br /><br />[[ASIN:B000PAAJZ6 Boogie Nights]]<br /><br />[[ASIN:B00005Q79A What's Eating Gilbert Grape]]<br /><br />[[ASIN:B00001YXH8 Total Eclipse]]<br /><br />-------------------------<br />Jim Carroll: I felt dazed, like I just came out of a 4 hour movie I didn't understand.<br />===========================================to capture the feeling.       [[ASIN:0140100180 The Basketball Diaries]]    [[ASIN:0140422900 Living at the Movies (Poets, Penguin)]]    [[ASIN:B001G8WTRC Forced Entries: The Downtown Diaries: 1971-1973]]    [[ASIN:0670808873 The Book of Nods]]    [[ASIN:B000002IB6 Catholic Boy]]    [[ASIN:B0000542DH Natural Born Killers - Oliver Stone Collection]]    [[ASIN:B000001E7T To Bring You My Love]]    [[ASIN:B000PAAJZ6 Boogie Nights]]    [[ASIN:B00005Q79A What's Eating Gilbert Grape]]    [[ASIN:B00001YXH8 Total Eclipse]]    -------------------------  Jim Carroll: I felt dazed, like I just came out of a 4 hour movie I didn't understand.   ===========================================
0596522347|5.0|Since four months a go, I have been focused on how to transfer knowledge in the best way posible, studing the brain, marketing tactics, etc, how ever the visual techniques are fundamental, because human capture 80% in a visual way, so, this book teaches you several, concreat and CREATIVE ways yo manage the visual cues elements in order to send an interesting, clear and strong message or idea.<br /><br />You just start at morning and finish it at evening, is very well writen and published, so, is congruent with what she say.
B001DU8T6I|3.0|It is good for a first effort.  I believe she would be more hard rock driving if not so attached to Disney.  It is nice to know she writes the songs she sings.  She has a great vocal range. I'll give her a chance on her next CD too.
1932100385|5.0|I've read a ton of books on nutrition, diets, healthy lifestyle, etc.  This one takes the cake as the best.  I found Campbell's scientific approach to be the best researched with the most evidence backing it.  He's not an Atkins trying to sell his particular brand of diet or supplements, he's simply showing you what his research has found over the years.  My favorite diet book before this was the Paleo Diet, but I think they far overestimate the amount of animal protein that our ancestors ate.  Animal protein isn't the end of the world, but it shouldn't be any more than 5-10% of your total intake.<br /><br />This also doesn't mean you can go out and start eating all the french fries and pasta you can find.  Dr. Campbell advocates a simple diet: whole foods, plant-based.  That's it.  You can sum the entire book into that for dietary recommendation.<br /><br />The implications for diet on cancer, heart disease, and many autoimmune disorders is shocking as well.  Campbell basically shows that diets high in animal protein lead to these \\"diseases of affluence.\\"  And the dairy industry's indoctrination of the school program is terrifying as well, especially since it's so obvious now that milk in fact does NOT do a body good and in fact will give you all sorts of bad things including cancer.  I very much want to go back to my middle school, pick up the crates of free milk, and toss them into the Potomac ala the Boston Tea Party.  The Potomac Milk Party!<br /><br />I cannot recommend this book highly enough. I ordered 15 copies for my office so other coworkers could read it and since then I've also ordered another half dozen for my friends.  I've even put up a standing offer to any of my friends that I will order them a copy of the book if they are interested and will read it.  Many of them have taken me up on it so far. :-)<br /><br />You don't have to die of heart disease, Americans.  You don't have to die of cancer either.  I only wish I knew how important nutrition was a decade ago when my own mother was dying of cancer.  We just didn't know back then (and the internet wasn't around!).  But if you know someone who's had a heart attack or is suffering through cancer, there is another way out: your body's own defense mechanisms will heal, it just requires the proper fuel.r was dying of cancer.  We just didn't know back then (and the internet wasn't around!).  But if you know someone who's had a heart attack or is suffering through cancer, there is another way out: your body's own defense mechanisms will heal, it just requires the proper fuel.
B001AHM2C6|4.0|Really the only thing special about this Limited Edition is a VERY small booklet with some concept art. Better to the just the CD. It IS a good CD, though.
B00003W8NM|5.0|I RARELY watch the same movie twice... so of course I wouldn't go to the same movie twice in the theatre. I did for Fight Club. 2 times in the theatre, every time it's on TV and finally I bought the Collector's Edition DVD, which I've watched twice so far.    The movie is an intelligent view of what we have become as consumers. The fighting is a symbol for the anger that we have to deal with and keep inside every day. If someone told you that this movie sucks because it's about a bunch of people who are angry so they decided to create an underground fight club, ignore him/her.    I won't spoil anything, but if you're the kind of person who is amazed by how people accept obvious \\"insincerity\\" and are happy with it, then this movie is for you. If you think it's stupid to spend your money on designer underwear then this is also a movie for you.    If this movie was created in 2007 or 2008, I'm sure that Tyler Durden (Brad Pitt) would've been asking: Why is Paris Hilton famous?, Why would anyone waste time watching TMZ and eventually create a new breed of parasites that sticks to the \\"celebrities\\" and intrude their personal lives in order to satisfy the curiosity of the... mmmm.. I really don't know what to call anyone who's giving that much of attention to actors and singers whom according to the logic, they are here to entertain us, but somehow something happened and they've became the most important figures in the society and we are supposed to follow them as role models! I'm sure he'd be asking about the factory that's creating all those teenagers with too much make-up who are giving us an idea about the next generation.     I can go on and on... JUST WATCH IT!
B000Y179KO|5.0|Seems amazing to me the Eagles are as good as ever after all these years. I see lotsa people running down this album, but don't forget its hard to compare something thats new with something thats been burned into your memory on every type of radio station for over 30 years. If this album came out in 1976 you would know half the songs by heart by now.     This is a top notch album, though not as rocky as some of their early stuff. If you like them as individual singer songwriters you will love this album. Great singing, harmonies, construction and just plain ole fun. I dont know why its only available at Wal-Mart but who cares. Theres not many people making music this good for adults these days, buy it and enjoy. Only $12 for a double album to boot !!
B00006FDCD|3.0|I loved It as a child... I found It scary... but that was 18 years ago when It was new back then and I was around 12 years old. Then I read the novel 4 years ago.    I watched it again and found it quite different! The acting is bad, the effects are stupid (ok, maybe because it was for TV and made in 1990) and all in all it doesn't compare to the novel by any meaning! Maybe it's the novel that made me feel that the movie/mini-series is stupid.    Surprisingly, when I told my friends, who also watched it 12 years ago, that I re-watched It and I found it stupid, they completely agreed and gave the same comments! We all found It scary when we were children, but now it's not. Maybe you want to show it to your children (12 or older) who might think of it as a cool scare. I'm not sure.
0375826726|5.0|this is a great book i would recommend it to anybody if you liked harry potter or the star wars movies you will love this book!
B00004RFFS|5.0|I can't even begin to explain how incredible this Spellbinding movie from Anne Rice is. I'm very glad she has written it. She has a very workable imagination. Anybody can join in to work with her.(almost.) Well, let's get with the cast of this movie,now we have: Tom Cruise as Lestat, Brad Pitt as the remorseful vampire, Louis, Kirsten Dunst as the precocious Claudia and Antonio Banderas as Armand. The movie starts with a character played by Christian Slater, readying his tape recorder,beginning to interview a...vampire. The human-like creature turns to him,revealing himself to be..Louis, Brad's character. He begins to tell his story from his P.O.V. When he was human, he had a wife who died of childbirth, his baby boy or girl never made it either. So, he was already ready for death.That's when a vampire named Lestat decided to answer his prayers. The first time he taken his blood,he asked him,has he had enough. The second time he taken his blood, he told him, \\" I'm going to give you the choice,I've never had.\\" Lestat gave him another life, ETERNAL LIFE. And for that,Louis sees the last sunrise for himself. I gotta admit, Brad's character has never looked so handsome and beautiful before. What a sexy-looking vampire! Anyway, the vampire saying went, \\"In order to survive, you must feed!\\" Louis couldn't bring himself to feed on the blood of humans,leading Lestat to do all the killing. Louis always fed on the blood of poodles, chickens and rats. Lestat found it funny for some reason. When push came to shove, they had their arguments and petty disagreements,talking about survival and being a killer vampire vs. morality. Lestat knew that Louis didn't like the way of survival, but he didn't care. While feeling stressed out, Louis found a little girl named Claudia, with her dead mother. He held her tight and sucked her blood. Lestat found them and started laughing and dancing with the dead corpse,celebrating the triumph of Louis's first taste of human blood. Louis was very depressed with himself and ran off to a sewer drain. Later on, Lestat found him, and told him he had a surprise for him. He took Louis back home and found Claudia, lying on the bed. Louis thought he killed her, but she was half-dead in vampire limbo. So, Lestat gives her a taste of his blood from his cut, she drinks until he shouted enough, and Claudia is transformed to the point of looking like a curly-haired doll with a savage bloodthirst to match. So, without giving the whole movie away, they tried living together, but, being that Lestat's rules were too much, they turned on him and ran, thinking he's dead. Together, Louis and Claudia searched the world for vampires just like them. And they did. First, they found a vampire named Santiago and then a leader named Armand. Armand welcomes them into his theatre and his underground Lair. Claudia doesn't trust Armand and his crew,but Louis says he has no choice but to stay where they are. Meanwhile,he was looking for a new mentor. I believe he found it in Armand, the oldest vampire he never met until that very moment. There's something else that's bugging Claudia, she needs a mother figure. After Louis feeds on the woman, believing himself a heartless vampire,Claudia kisses him. Spolier Alert: If you've never seen this movie and don't want the ending given away,then please read no further! Needless to say Armand's theartre troupe vampires including Santiago turn on Louis,Claudia, and for no real reason the woman 'cause they read their thoughts about they're incident between them and Lestat. So they wall up Louis to put him out of the way, and then they throw Claudia and the woman in a room where the sun comes through over-head. Sadly they both die \\"burnt to a crisp\\" with Louis unable to help them. So enraged about what had happened Louis seeks vengance by slicing up and burning those evil theatre troupe vampires. After that Louis not only decides that he was only going to get the worst end of the deal staying with Armandbut also dubbed himself as \\"self-sufficient. After that, he could deal with light, he seen Lestat for the last time,told the ending to Christian's character to publish and also told him that he doesn't want eternal life. When Christian's character drives off into the dawn, Lestat scares him by surprise and takes his blood. He drives the car, listens to the tape and says to him, \\"I'm going to give you the choice,I never had.\\" If you're a fan of Anne Rice or any other good novelist, this is the movie for you.
B001DU8T6I|5.0|Being one of my 2 daughters favorite singer, actor, performer, I have to say, tis girl has some pipes in her voice. She sings like an angel and is a natural performer. Nothing in her talent is fake. She's the true deal. The cd is great and the songs and the feelings when she interprets them is just outstanding. I only give honors to whom it deserves them,  and she definitely does.
B00005JPO1|1.0|Nothing can save this wretched excuse - Spielberg must have been directing this from a Blackberry on his yacht; and as for Lucas - we're in Jar Jar Binks territory once again.     Everyone's already seen this mess, so there's little to add except my outrage - I loved the first Raiders, and the two sequels weren't bad at all - but this one is so foolish and shallow, after YEARS of so-called revisions, we get a patchwork of nonsensical ideas, ridiculous situations that make no sense whatsoever (Indy hides in a fridge during a nuke test, everything blows up but him...oy!)     Worst of all, Indy literally takes a back seat to other actors and is merely there for the ride;  and the so-called climax? Come on! Somebody said to Spielberg, let's do your great Close Encounters ending again, but this time with a skull! Dumb beyond belief, and really, really insulting.    When you have a great franchise like this, you should grow up WITH your audience and give them greater challenges, not dumb them down. Imagine if the ALIEN franchise ended up with the monster singing and dancing like Jar Jar; but who cares if it sells french fries and happy meals?    Spielberg and Lucas had literally unlimited time and money, yet they slapped this together with no care or consideration; the script is high school level at best, and the actors plod through in a daze, as if they can't believe what they're doing; is this supposed to be a satire? This is 5th grade material. Imagine if a REAL talent like James Cameron got a hold of this... but I dream...    More more $$$, it's never enough - or are they simply \\"too big\\" like the AIG bankers, to fail?    Oink!
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|While this is merely my humble opinion, I think of myself as a fairly knowledgeable music-lover and pianist, and Viva la Vida is one of the best albums I've ever heard. Certainly the peak of Coldplay's career thus far. Christ Martin's voice has improved dramatically, and the overall medieval tone of the album gives a haunting and original kick in the butt to the boring, overplayed crap out there on MTV and most radio stations. But considering the production help from Brian Eno who lended his talents to make U2 as great as they became, it's no big surprise. The locations and instruments used in recording this album make it what it is: grandiose. But again, not everyone may feel this way, it is my humble opinion. I simply think that they reached their goal: to surpass everything they've done before.
630463949X|5.0|This was a fantastic concert dvd of a great long-standing band.  The concert reached back to early Fleetwood Mac as well as updated classic tunes by the group.  The ending with the USC marching band was a wonderful climax to the video!
B0013K6WLM|5.0|So far \\"Attack and Release\\" is my favorite album of the year.  I really love their sound - kind of classic rock with some bluesy flavor.
0446579939|4.0|I enjoyed this book as I enjoy all of Sparks' books.  I did not enjoy it as much as other books of his, but it was good.  I did not like the ending, but I understand why it ended the way it did because I guess the Clayton character needed to disappear.  But it was good - I think it could have been more powerful in terms of HOW Thibault explained to Beth how/why he had the photograph - I think it could have been more romantic instead of becoming an argument between the 2 of them.  But all in all a good read.  Ready for the next one!
0307269752|3.0|i read the reviews before i ordered the book . i couldnt wait to read it based on the high star ratings. i do not think the book was as good as everyone said it was. there was way to many people to keep track of  and  i found myself back tracking to see who was who . i liked the  main characters , and found the relationship between the two of them interesting, but it was not  a book that i looked forward to reading at the end of a day.
B000UR9QIK|5.0|... you will love this movie!  Come on... it is Dawn of the Dead!  Need I say more... I think not.
B001GAPC1K|3.0|Enjoyed the movie graphics and effects are great.  Still love a human superhero.    Blu-Ray is limited to 1920 x 1080 resolution I found out.  choosing Full screen the movie remained in a box (1920 x1080 it turns out) on my 2560 x 1600 monitor.
B001GZ6QDS|5.0|Being a long time comic book and movie fan, this is the only movie in recent memory that I can honestly say was worth the price of admission. It surprised me, it shocked me, and made me laugh. I can't imagine them ever topping this. But I hope they do.
0061537934|5.0|I took this book on vacation and while it normally takes me quite awhile to read a book I finished this one fast.  It was not only an easy read but the story grabs you and you don't want to put it down which was funny because racing never interested me.  I love, love, LOVED this book!  It made me laugh, think differently about things and I also cried. I've been telling everyone to get it.
B00005JPS8|4.0|Iron Man rocked! I only gave it 4 stars because the story line was predictable, but I guess super hero movies have to start somewhere. It's just that all the origin stories kind of resemble each other after awhile. Having said that- the acting, directing, cinematography, editing and soundtrack were awesome! I never thought I would see a cool Iron Man movie in my lifetime. I know the sequel's gonna blow me away!
1897299214|5.0|After finishing Bradley Martin's excellent [[ASIN:0312323220 Under the Loving Care of the Fatherly Leader: North Korea and the Kim Dynasty]], I was interested in finding out more about the DPRK.  This book is pretty current, more so than Martin's book (excluding his Epilogue) and helps bring to life a lot of the facts that Martin left unanimated (no pun intended.)    This book is essentially an illustrated travelogue, and a well-illustrated one at that.  It was always enjoyable to read and engaging.  Not only that, at the end of that day it offered better understanding of a few things in the DPRK.  He documents the life of a foreigner with more access to the country than a diplomat or journalist but not as much as an NGO worker.  So the life of the medium/long-term expat in Pyongyang is exposed like never before.  Via that, recent developments in \\"openness\\" are shown for what they really are.      Pyongyang is a strange strange place and Delisle exploits that for humor as well as a poignant commentary about the poor people who suffer from that strangeness.    Aside from describing life in North Korea, it opened my eyes to a lot of what goes on in the animation industry--the offshoring as well as the technical challenges of bringing a cartoon to life.    I lent my copy to other members of my family--some avid comic readers and others for whom this was their first comic--and they all really enjoyed it.  So I recommend it, especially for the discounted amazon price.
B0014YVC6W|3.0|This is a good movie, however, I expected more from a bluray version.  Film quality is bad - it does not seem to have been post-processed at all to improve the image quality beyond the original film.  Poor analog to digital transfer.  If you own a DVD or even VCR version of this movie, don't bother repurchasing it.
B0006Z2KYI|5.0|I don't like to throw around superlatives, for the most part.  But I really think that this is the funniest film that I have ever seen.  The humor is a combination of farce/screwball, satire, black and a some slapstick to boot.  But what makes it really stand out is the directing, Lubitsch is simply brilliant.  The cuts are just right, the timing of the scenes and the pacing of the film overall keeps you on the edge of your seat until the very end.  In a sense, the film feels like one extended dance (think of early Lubitsch).  The acting is also top notch.  Weeks after watching the film I still laugh when thinking back about it.<br /><br />But underneath the extremely funny surface are some serious issues.  It is about WWII after all.  There's the issue of the Jews and their response to the Germans.  The Jewish identity of most of the characters is supposedly hidden but the hiding act isn't all that convincing.<br /><br />Lubitsch once said that the film was about actors being actors until the bitter end.  I guess people in \\"the biz\\" could relate to that better than I could.<br /><br />I highly recommend this film to anyone who wants an excellently crafted comedy from a top-notch director.
B000MQC9H4|5.0|I can watch this movie over and over and over and, well, you get it.  It's one of my favorite \\"feel good\\" movies, especially when it's been a rough week.
B000AYEL6U|5.0|I have not seen a better movie, that about says it all.  I love masterpiece theatre and BBC period drama, but this one tops them all.
B0017R5UAA|5.0|I first heard their, \\"White Winter Hymnal\\" on Fordham University's radio station, WFUV, about a month ago and was hooked ever since.  My favorite is, \\"Your Protector,\\" but the whole CD rox.
B00005A8MA|5.0|I am going to confine my comments to just one song on this album because it alone justifies the purchase, many times over.<br /><br />In \\"Marriage Madness\\", Mick Taylor plays what is perhaps the most exquisite piece of blues guitar that I have ever heard. The guitar work shows great touch throughout, perfectly complementing John Mayall's distinctive and apt vocals.<br /><br />\\"Subtle\\", \\"fluid\\" and \\"sublime\\" are words that spring to mind even before the agonisingly beautiful guitar solo that starts at 1 minute into the song and stretches your emotions for another 1 minute 15 seconds or so.  Mick Taylor makes the Les Paul cry, and  if you allow yourself to be immersed in its gentle wailing it is hard not to be moved, too.<br /><br />Spoil yourself with this masterpiece which is performed with sheer genius.
B000A2H8WQ|5.0|Quincy Jones has always been ahead of his time.  \\"Q\\" masterfully weaves the old with the new; the traditional with the future; and bridges the generation gap before we even recognized there was one.  The music is solid, sweet, profound, poppin', raw, rhythmic, and magical.  It is a must have in ANY collection.
B0001ZX0OW|1.0|What a drag!  A movie may be well-acted and worthy of many technical credits, but this plot was depressing, disturbing, and not even remotely entertaining.<br /><br />I realize that life is not all hearts and flowers.  In fact, I can get into a heavy drama with the best of them, provided there is some element of hope, resolution, redemption or something that I can walk away feeling good about.<br /><br />There is nothing positive about this storyline and I cannot imagine anyone feeling uplifted by it.<br /><br />Sorry, Mr. Eastwood.  I cannot recommend this film, although you have certainly given us other movies that were worth writing home about.
B000VBJEEG|5.0|\\"Ratatouille\\" is simply (in my opinion) the best Disney/Pixar movie ever made. The idea that anyone (no matter who or what they are) can do whatever they put their mind to is very inspiring. The characters are bright, funny, and full of personality. This movie made me want to cook and I look at rodents very differently :)
B000V4UFZK|1.0|This is an excellent film, that shows how good storytelling and wonderful special effects can create thrills and excitement for the whole family! A blockbuster of its day, yet the packaging for this 25th Anniversary Edition is pathetic, cheap, and not at all what this great classic deserves! The only extras are sad, boring pseudo-docs on the super-natural world.....paleassse! I hope the producers of this \\"special edition\\" are tormented by poltergeists until they undo this great injustice!
B000002A46|5.0|This CD is filled with upbeat Christmas songs as only Mariah Carey can sing.  I've got lots of Christmas CD's, but this is among my top five.
B00005JNJV|5.0|Batman has been at the heart of three of the four comic book movie revolutions. In the 1960's, the original movie began the era of campy comic book movies. That era ended with the Michael Keaton Batman film which for the first time took the subject matter seriously and propelled comic book movies into a new phase. Successive projects marred the franchise and comic book movies effectively \\"fell down\\" until 1998 when Blade propelled comic book movies back on the right track. Finally, in 2005 Batman Begins became the greatest comic book movie of all time and created a new type of comic book movie that could only be described as epic in scope. The sheer scope of its plot, the depth of its plot, and the mythic nature of its presentation all give this film a majesty unparalleled by comic book movies before and to up to this date.     Why is this movie so great? David Goyer as always turns in a fantastic script. This is a man who understands logic when it comes to plot and he doesn't introduce an element unless he plans on using it later in the movie. There is always payoff in a Goyer script. Christopher Nolan as director is a man who understands structure. This is a movie about rising action and beginings. Batman's origins are interspersed between the beginning of his modern career and the traumatic events that shaped him in the past. This leads into the scenes in Gotham and his early outtings as Batman. Goyer and Nolan also give us a twist and play on our assumptions that movie creators do not care about the source material and will alter important elements to fit their vision. I can't say more without violating the \\"no spoilers\\" rule. Let it just be said that there is a revelation about Liam Neeson's character that is such a twist that plays on our assumptions and our lack of faith in comic book movies of other franchises that puts things back on track and makes a lot of sense.     Goyer and Nolan also show that they \\"understand\\" Batman. Basically Batman is the real guyand Bruce Wayne is just a persona that he puts on to take care of the minutiae of life. They also take us through all of the elements that we recognize about Batman and laying out logically why they exist and how they fit together. Why is Gordon the policeman that Bruce trusts? Why does Bruce trust Lucius Fox to run the business with such little input from himself?     I would be remiss if I didn't bring up the music. Hans Zimmer and James Newton Howard's score is just the right kind of music for this type of music. Its operatic and grand to give it the right kind of mytho-epic feel that this movie evokes. It can also be loud and quick giving us the kind of percussive beats that are necessary for the action packed sequences that rocket throughout the movie.     No commentary would be complete without bringing up the cast. Christian Bale is perfect as Bruce and Batman, able to tread the line between the greedy playboy and the tough as nails superhero. Liam Neeson is brilliant as Ducard and his early scenes with Bruce have a nice mentor/student element to them and you can tell that these two men respect each other even though they have chosen different sides of the moral spectrum. Cillian Murphy is great as the deadpan control-freak psychiatrist, Dr Jonathan Crane. All of these stellar performances with great direction and writing lead to a delightful synergy that culminates in one of the great cinematic masterpieces of that era. I gush because it's true.     The DVD comes with tons of great extras about the making of this film from the sets to the martial arts. It's a great set and I can't recommend it enough.     Batman begins shows that even when the movie industry falls it can pick itself back up again. Watch the movie. It'll probably be another decade before we see another comic book movie of this quality.
B000K7VHQ4|4.0|This movie ends like the Sixth Sense. One can say the movie has two endings. The first ending, when Paul Giamatti finds out he also cannot touch Edward Norton, was very good. It would mean that Edward Norton himself was a ghost, sort of like Bruce Willis finding out he too is a ghost in the Sixth Sense. The second ending in which Paul Giamatti has a series of revelations (shown to us using flashbacks) was a bit too much for me, as it seemed too eager to end on a Hollywood-style high note.
B001DHXT2A|4.0|A few observations about the mostly successful, mostly entertaining 2008 film \\"The Incredible Hulk\\"...<br /><br />The movie is billed as a reboot or totally new version of the Hulk, not a sequel to the 2003 Ang Lee film that was simply titled, \\"Hulk\\".  I'd call the movie more of a semi-reboot.  Why?  Well, the earlier movie ends with Bruce Banner in hiding in South America, with General Ross and his cronies madly searching for him.  And the new film, well... opens with Bruce Banner in hiding in South America, with General Ross and his cronies madly searching for him.  I think Marvel smartly structured the film to appease both camps: if you liked the earlier movie you can- contrary to all the \\"forget the earlier movie!\\" hype- view this one as the next chapter in the story.  And if you didn't like the earlier film, you can point to the recasting of the actors and the less introspective,  more \\"big summer movie\\" tone and say, \\"Whew, it's NOT the same storyline!\\"  Your money, your choice.<br /><br />The new film offers a more kinetic, visceral, action-oriented story, peppered with just enough quietly dramatic moments (in other words, talking scenes) so the movie doesn't turn into a relentless, flashing, pinball machine.  If you ever read the comic book, it really feels like a three-issue run from the mid-70's \\"Hulk Smash! era.<br /><br />The deleted scenes in the 3-disc special edition are interesting.  Apparently a more pronounced love triangle between Betty, Bruce, and Betty's new boyfriend Leonard (who we learn, via one deleted scene, is actually comics character Leonard Samson, pre-irradiation experiment) was a bigger part of the original conception of the film.  Though the five or six deleted scenes involving this triangle are intriguing to see, I think I like the final film's decision to simply allude to the tension between the three characters instead of turning the middle part of the movie into an episode of \\"As the Hulk Turns\\".<br /><br />There are one or two deleted scenes involving General Ross that I wished were kept in the film.  Though never depicting him as warm and fuzzy, a couple of those scenes showed that his motivation to capture the Hulk and harness his power, though misguided, didn't come from an evil place.  If they were included in the film, those scenes would have made it easier to swallow the General's semi-change of heart at the end when he decides to extend an olive branch to Bruce and join forces with him to take down the Abomination.  That's a quibble, though.  The film and its developments in the current cut still work; there's just less explicit evidence on display that the General is capable of making that emotional leap.<br /><br />Other treats abound. There's a fun little cameo involving Iron Man's alter-ego Tony Stark which was clearly moved from its original \\"Easter egg\\" post-closing credits position to the final scene in the main body of the movie after the huge success of \\"Iron Man\\".  As said, it's an enjoyable cameo, but a little confusing: Is Tony asking General Ross to help him recruit the Hulk into the new super-team he's forming or offering the use of that team to help Ross take down the Hulk?  I guess we'll have to wait for the next round of Marvel movies to find out.  Also fun but somewhat under-written was the obligatory Stan Lee cameo, where we see him as an innocent bystander who drinks some gamma-infected soda pop (the scenario is not as inane as it sounds) and then freezes up and drops the soda bottle.  It's amazing to me that they missed the opportunity to have him writhe on the ground and turn at least a little green, if only for a moment.  Oh, well.<br /><br />More about the three-disc DVD I bought:  Though generous, the set is not as lavish as the term \\"three-disc DVD\\" might suggest.  The first disc is the movie (looks and sounds great) along with a commentary track; the second disc contains a thirty-minute or so \\"making of\\" piece, a few short (about ten minutes each) companion pieces that provide additional details about different aspects of the production, the deleted scenes I mentioned, and a cute piece (a few minutes long) showing how a scene from the movie was inspired by a scene in the comics.  The third disc is simply a digital copy of the film that you can upload and watch on your PC.<br /><br />I hope that the DVD release of \\"The Incredible Hulk\\" puts the movie over the top financially, offsetting its somewhat lackluster box office (so much for blowing the Ang Lee film out of the water). It would be be nice to see another chapter in this saga, after all, and without having to suffer through another re-boot, or semi-reboot, or whatever confusing technique they'd end up employing in a hand-wringing gesture to overthink the concept of what people want from this character that's simultaneously highly commercial and \\"what's he really about?\\" offbeat.different aspects of the production, the deleted scenes I mentioned, and a cute piece (a few minutes long) showing how a scene from the movie was inspired by a scene in the comics.  The third disc is simply a digital copy of the film that you can upload and watch on your PC.    I hope that the DVD release of \\"The Incredible Hulk\\" puts the movie over the top financially, offsetting its somewhat lackluster box office (so much for blowing the Ang Lee film out of the water). It would be be nice to see another chapter in this saga, after all, and without having to suffer through another re-boot, or semi-reboot, or whatever confusing technique they'd end up employing in a hand-wringing gesture to overthink the concept of what people want from this character that's simultaneously highly commercial and \\"what's he really about?\\" offbeat.
B000060K4O|5.0|The dvd is fine, the film is a favorite, but i hoped the dvd would include the music video... Pity.
031606792X|5.0|I think the author did a wonderful job tying everything up and making a true modern day fairytale (happy endings and all).  How sad that others would want it any other way!  I hope more are written!!
B00005JNBQ|2.0|i payed for express shipping and i got normal shipping. It skips a little in the middle but its not that bad. overall it was an alright purchase, but i might think about buying from someone else next time.
0307386171|4.0|I thoroughly enjoyed Ian McEwan's story about the heartbreaking consequences of miscommunication. The subtleties in this book are beautiful and I love his writing style. I admit, the first part of the book was a little slow and drawn out, but it's such a short book it was easy to get through and well worth it.
B000AMJG4Y|4.0|[[ASIN:B000AMJG4Y Final Fantasy VII - Advent Children (Two-Disc Special Edition)]]  This movie is awesome and worth watching.  It is completely computer animated and is very Japanese Style.  The movie is based off of the Game, Final Fantasy VII and so is rather confusing with out some Final Fantasy background.  However, it is still a great, exciting watch.
B0002XNRG4|4.0|This lens is great. It's the only lens I use.  The only problem is that it's so easy to use and takes such great photos, that I'm thinking of spending more money and getting a faster lens. This doesn't take away from the versatility of this lens, just that I'm getting more excited about photography and will move to the next level.
B00005R24K|5.0|But we fans of \\"Evil Dead\\" certainly don't care.  It's not his singing skills we're interested in.  What we want to know is this; can the man still decapitate with the swing of a shovel?  Well, of course he can!  As long as you own this or \\"Evil Dead II\\" you'll get to watch him do it over and over as often as you want.  For me, this is the scene that defines what \\"Evil Dead\\" is all about in a nutshell:<br />-Creative camera work.<br />-Spirited if not talented actors.<br />-Audacious, imaginative gore.<br />-Spook-house fun.<br />With one swing of a shovel, Ashley (Ash/Bruce Campbell) defines the mood of this film.  But maybe I should start at the beginning and slice this film up into little pieces.  Only then will I truly bring honor to Sam Raimi's seminal film of the horror genre.<br /><br />-5 WHEELS HEAD FOR THE RICKETY OLD CABIN.<br />This film moves at a blindingly fast pace.  If you ever get bored watching \\"Evil Dead\\" regardless of what you think of it, then I don't want to be you.  About 3 minutes into the film, we get POV (point of view) shots through the woods watching our 2 couples, Ash and Linda (Bruce and Betsy Baker), Scott and Shelly (Richard DeManincor and Theresa Tilly) along with Ash's sister, Cheryl (Ellen Sandweiss); the fifth wheel I eluded to, driving up to the isolated and run down cabin.  It doesn't take long for all hell to break loose after a recording found in the cellar is played with magic words in it.  The words in German are: \\"Sam and Rob, Das ist Hikers Dan dee Roadsa\\" translated to mean \\"Sam and Rob are the Hikers on the road\\".  Of course, this references Raimi and executive producer Robert Tapert who were portraying local yokels on the road leading to the cabin.  Regardless of Raimi's goofy devices, fifth wheels are usually where all the trouble begins and those magic words aren't ones to ignore the rules.  This thinnest of plots becomes one of the great scaffolds of horror ever put to film.<br /><br />-WHEN SETTING THE STANDARD IS NO STANDARD AT ALL.<br />If there was a gorier, sloppier more audaciously violent film prior to \\"Evil Dead\\" I want to know what it is (because I want it!).  I believe this film set the standards for eliminating standards in a horror movie.  Even by today's \\"standards\\", \\"Evil Dead\\" can still hold its own for balls-out gore and grossness while still being a load of fun.  Though the demonic makeup is a bit goofy by today's measurements, I still admire the vision of the work.  At the very worst you see seams, wrinkles and flaws.  At the very best, it is still very creepy and grotesque.  The only standard this film didn't stretch was in the nudity department (as there really isn't any).  However, when getting raped by a tree is ok, well... ...enough said.<br /><br />-SCARY?  OH YEA!<br />As horror films age, they tend to lose their visceral impact.  Even horror classics fail to scare people most of the time with few exceptions.  After nearly 30 years this film still holds up very well to its modern rivals.  Though more over-the-top than anything that preceded, \\"Evil Dead\\" could still disturb the uninitiated.  For me, few things are scarier than demonic possession.  A demon is invisible, moves indiscriminately, is deceptive by nature and is in a hurry to get your soul.  So, anyway it can get you dead is fair game.  This movie plays on all those angles to the hilt.  The big surprise with \\"Evil Dead\\" was the physical state possession left people in.  This took \\"The Exorcist\\" to a different level.  The funny and great thing is most of the actors are better at being possessed than human.  Of course, Raimi's POV camera shots might be the scariest innovation employed in this film.  Regardless, it all adds up to a nearly timeless horror experience.<br /><br />-HI I'M BRUCE CAMPBELL.  YOU MIGHT REMEMBER ME FROM \\"DOG SOLDIERS\\".<br />Yea, I'm kidding.  That was a characters name in \\"Dog Soldiers\\"; clearly a case of a director paying his respects to a horror icon.  Needless to say,Bruce is the undisputed king of camp and B-movie horror.  He's even had his \\"A-movie\\" cameos (Spider Man films etc.).  But this is where it all started for him.  In retrospect, he was an awful actor in \\"Evil Dead\\", yet he brought a sense of slapstick to horror that was both fun and refreshing.  He'll never win an Oscar (for what it's worth) but he has had a long and storied career since his initial portrayal of Ash.  Amazingly, the other actors in \\"Evil Dead\\" may have actually done a better job than Bruce, but they lacked his persona.  They have all become legendary for this film but have never translated that into successful film careers for a bunch of different reasons.  To learn more about this, particularly the women, a little book is included with this version of \\"Evil Dead\\" titled \\"The Ladies of the Evil Dead\\".  Boy, that's clever marketing,<br /><br />-WHICH VERSION IS THE BEST?<br />I have no freaking clue!  The \\"Evil Dead\\" series may be the most reproduced and exploited horror series ever.  If you can find a series of titles more reproduced in more varied levels of quality (excluding Star Wars), then I'd like to know what it is.  Given this, I don't know if one version is more complete than another.  I have the one with the green outlined letters with Bruce Campbell's kisser poking through and the girl reaching up.  This version has the little book in it.  It's good enough for me.<br /><br />-PUTTING MY SOUL ON THE LINE<br />As low as the budget is, as clunky as the acting gets, as thin as the plot is, \\"Evil Dead\\" is a landmark horror movie.  Horror films that came before could be viewed as sluggish.  Much of what came after could be viewed as derivative.  Regardless of these iconic traits, \\"Evil Dead\\" is just flat out entertaining.  Who cares where it came from or where it's going.  Forget my fan-boy rambling and just sit down on Halloween night and watch \\"Evil Dead\\", \\"Evil Dead II\\", and \\"Army of Darkness\\".  If you enjoy audacious, in-your-face, balls-out horror done on the cheap, then this will do it for you.<br /><br />Story.......3 stars<br />Gore........5 stars<br />Acting......3.5 stars<br />Creativity..5 stars<br />Fun factor..6 stars<br /><br />Average....4.5 Starsn had his \\"A-movie\\" cameos (Spider Man films etc.).  But this is where it all started for him.  In retrospect, he was an awful actor in \\"Evil Dead\\", yet he brought a sense of slapstick to horror that was both fun and refreshing.  He'll never win an Oscar (for what it's worth) but he has had a long and storied career since his initial portrayal of Ash.  Amazingly, the other actors in \\"Evil Dead\\" may have actually done a better job than Bruce, but they lacked his persona.  They have all become legendary for this film but have never translated that into successful film careers for a bunch of different reasons.  To learn more about this, particularly the women, a little book is included with this version of \\"Evil Dead\\" titled \\"The Ladies of the Evil Dead\\".  Boy, that's clever marketing,      -WHICH VERSION IS THE BEST?  I have no freaking clue!  The \\"Evil Dead\\" series may be the most reproduced and exploited horror series ever.  If you can find a series of titles more reproduced in more varied levels of quality (excluding Star Wars), then I'd like to know what it is.  Given this, I don't know if one version is more complete than another.  I have the one with the green outlined letters with Bruce Campbell's kisser poking through and the girl reaching up.  This version has the little book in it.  It's good enough for me.    -PUTTING MY SOUL ON THE LINE  As low as the budget is, as clunky as the acting gets, as thin as the plot is, \\"Evil Dead\\" is a landmark horror movie.  Horror films that came before could be viewed as sluggish.  Much of what came after could be viewed as derivative.  Regardless of these iconic traits, \\"Evil Dead\\" is just flat out entertaining.  Who cares where it came from or where it's going.  Forget my fan-boy rambling and just sit down on Halloween night and watch \\"Evil Dead\\", \\"Evil Dead II\\", and \\"Army of Darkness\\".    If you enjoy audacious, in-your-face, balls-out horror done on the cheap, then this will do it for you.    Story.......3 stars  Gore........5 stars  Acting......3.5 stars  Creativity..5 stars  Fun factor..6 stars    Average....4.5 Stars
B001F2W4Y2|5.0|I can't say much that hasn't already been said except this is my new favorite ac/dc album. Maybe it's just because it's new but it's a great disc. Far exceeded my expectations on the first listen and the more I listen the more I like it. If you like ac/dc you can't go wrong getting this.    P.S. Screw walmart.
0307269752|1.0|Eh, it was just okay.  There are too many unrealistic thread and holes in the book.  The book has two different storylines and only one of them is interesting, the disappearance of a character.  I just could not get into the libel story-line - I just kept thinking, \\"So what?  Get over yourself.\\"<br /><br />I am amazed at the amount of publicity that this book has generated.  As far as mysteries go, it's really just ho-hum.
0525478183|5.0|In Paper Towns, Green has again delivered an intelligent, superbly written, well-paced story that draws the reader deeply into the plot and keeps them hooked.  Like with Green's other novels, [[ASIN:014241221X Looking for Alaska]] and [[ASIN:0142412023 An Abundance of Katherines]], I found myself reading well past when I had promised myself to stop and frequently finding myself, to my own surprise, laughing out loud at what was going on within the pages.  Paper Towns also shares a lot else in common with Alaska and Katherines, most good but some not.      Each of Green's novels focus on the story of a teenage boy coming to grips with a mythical significance he's ascribed to a girl (or girls) in his life.  [[ASIN:014241221X Looking for Alaska]] pumps the reader up for half the book, then suddenly punches them in the gut and spends the second half finding a way to help them regain their breath.  I found [[ASIN:0142412023 An Abundance of Katherines]], on the other hand, to be a bit too scatterbrained - the story moved but you never felt like you were completely satisfied with where it was heading.  Paper Towns is distinctly neither Alaska nor Katherines - Green structures the story so as to keep the pages turning and the conclusion satisfying (though not fairy tale).  Of the three books, I found myself the most pleased with the outcome at the end of Paper Towns.      If I had one gripe with this book (and his others), its that Green often devotes a bit too much time to allowing his characters existential dialogue.  I know that ultimately it's Quentin Jacobsen's coming to terms with himself through Walt Whitman and deep talks with his friends that drives the story, but you find yourself wishing at times that he'd be a bit more succinct so you could find out what's next. I think on a second reading I'd find myself a bit more patient with this, but the first time through it's a battle to not skip whole paragraphs or, worse, turn 150 pages ahead and find out what happens.(By the way, *don't* - it's worth the wait.)    This a minor complaint, though.  Overall, Green's writing is magnificent, charming and funny, particularly in the last third of the book.  The characters are believable and well-drawn, the story is captivating and meaningful and the style is entertaining.  I would (and will) recommend this to both current John Green fans and people who don't know they are yet, but most certainly will be after this book.
B001IUG3CU|1.0|im a big acdc fan, but i must say this album sucks.  Ive listen to it 4 or 5 times to see if the songs would sink in my brain but they dont the songrwiting is so poor that it hurts and the tempos are all the same.  This is not the same band that created songs like beating around the bush and she got you by the balls thundersrtuck sin city or if you want blood you got it. maybe the boys aint gotta it anymore...but the saddest thing is the guitar work very far from what the brothers young produced in the past.if you are new to acdc start with High voltage or Powerage instead of this one.
B00005RFVL|5.0|Robbie williams is yet one of the best singers out there. This album is very very well done. I have to say that if you like frank sinatra then you will love this album well worth the money...
B000SEIK2S|4.0|I picked up this book at an airport while waiting for a plane. It was one of the best science fiction books I have read in many a moon.  The story was both interesting and written in an entertaining fashion that kept you glued until the end.  I will certainly be reading more by this author in the near future.
B001DHXT1G|5.0|With Iron Man and The Dark Knight getting most of the attention this summer, a lot of people overlooked The Incredible Hulk, including me. I didn't see TIH at the movies, so when I bought the Blu Ray I didn't know what to expect. Well let me tell you that this is one of the best Blu Ray experiences I've had since switching to Blu. This movie basically revolves around Banner trying to control the Hulk, but when he unleashes the beast, it's one helluva ride. This movie is definitely worth picking up. The picture is top notch and it's beyond me why the official reviewer didn't give it a 5.0. If the video deserves a 5.0, then the audio should get a 5.5. If you want to give your speakers a work out then put this one in. The bass is tremendous and they really bring the action scenes to life. Overall, this is a must buy for your Blu Ray collection.
B001AJVR5M|5.0|I really liked this CD.My favorite songs from the CD is \\"Lovebug\\" and \\"a Little Bit Longer\\".I know they must of put a lot of work to this Cd because it is great!I recommend this CD for any jonas brother fan,pop fan,or boy fan!
185984054X|5.0|Mr Hitchens gives, in his inimitable style, an accurate, concise and clear account of a misguided catholic nun whose only aim in life was self aggrandizement and eventual canonization, whilst offering no real help, treatment or comfort to the needy.   She takes her place next to Albert Schweitzer, another dismal failure, and many other Nobel Peace prize laureates, who obtained this meaningless prize not for any achievements, peaceful or humanitarian, but only for sly politics.
B0017JKEL8|5.0|For once, I was onboard with a fascinating series right from the get-go.  On a syndicated PBS afternoon interview program called \\"Fresh Air,\\" someone associated with MAD MEN was the guest.  The host played some audio segments from one of the episodes.  This was radio, so I had only the words and ambient sound to go by.  The intelligence of the dialogue belied the nearly languid cadence of the speech.  This was something very different; very different indeed.<br /><br />As it turned out, the dialogue I heard was from the very first scene of the very first episode, between Don and the black waiter, the discussion over the Old Gold cigarettes.  What a hook, in retrospect.  That scene sets the tone for all the episodes that follow.  It was a flash of brilliance that Matthew Weiner set his series in an advertising agency in the 1960s, a critical juncture in the social history.  Advertising concerns itself with appearances, associating a product with an image with no regard to its true value.  Meanwhile the characters are suffering beneath the appearance of propriety, with the knowledge that nothing is really as advertised.  There was the IMAGE of American life in stark contrast to the REALITY of American life, with its racism and sexism and everything else that was wrong.  The series is a complete theme with a distinctive visual style.  And that's why the Blu-ray edition is a must-own for any fan of the show.  Where I live, AMC isn't offered in HD, so seeing this series in this format, with all those 60s-era sets and styles, was like seeing it afresh.  It truly enhanced my appreciation, and gave me a good excuse to watch it all over again.<br /><br />The features are replete with enough to keep you going back for more for a very long time.  Fans of the series will enjoy the revelations from the actors and creative forces via commentaries and documentaries.  It's always fascinating when artists discuss the processes that have delivered to us so much satisfaction.  This is no exception.ption.
B001CZJKS0|4.0|I tried hard to stay away from this box set but I could'nt resist. That 60$ hand puppet was calling my name. I love extra copies. No one will ever be able to stop me. Honestly It has given me the blu ray edition, cleaner copies of Halloween 4 and 5 and of course the extended edition. So for a true fan it's worth it. Especially for Halloween 5 being such a great sequel. Donald Pleasence plays the character of Dr. Lommis a little more eccentric than usual that time around. It's to be enjoyed
0525478183|5.0|Awesome book, I rarely am inspired to read a book in one day but this book really draws you into it. If you like movies like dazed and confused you will like this book. It really brought me back to high school, but at the same time i was captivated with the same adventure feel that \\"into the wild\\" gives you. John Green is really talented at capturing you in the adventure, so much so that after finishing you feel the need to have one of your own.
B001AIRUP4|5.0|Since I purchased a Blu-Ray player, I have bought several movies.  Planet Earth, Hitch-hikers Guide To The Galaxy, The Fifth Element, Sleeping Beauty, Iron Man, and The Nightmare Before Christmas.  I have to say that far and away Tim Burton's classic has been my favorite Blu-Ray experience thus far.  The movie is as awesome as I remember, but now is presented in such a high clarity and with such stupendous special features that in my opinion this movie is a must own for any BluRay lover.
0739368044|4.0|He has done it again... Made a book both exciting and interesting that can keep the attention of kids and adults alike... My teenager first introduced us to this series and we loved it... Now we follow as much for her as for us... Book 3 is great, I am glad it did not end with this one but sad we have to wait so long for book 4!!!...
B000YABIQ6|5.0|This is the best show on television. It's not just because Jon Hamm as ad man Donald Draper is the hottest leading man, ever.  No contest.  He's both heroic and fatally flawed.  His nemesis, Vincent Kartheiser as Peter Campbell, looks like a kewpie doll and will stop at nothing to get his job.  It's funny when sometimes Pete's ideas are better! There is also the \\"Greed is good,\\" element behind \\"Mad Men\\" which was most apparent when Pete Campbell looked down at New York from his penthouse apartment in Episode 4.   Every episode of \\"Mad Men\\" is a delight.
0785125965|5.0|Although it was short (especially in comparison to the year-long \\"Planet Hulk\\" epic that preceded it), \\"World War Hulk\\" is a very satisfying, action-packed read. This is exactly the kind of story that long-time Hulk fans will love: one by one, Hulk wipes the floor with almost all the other Marvel heros. Been waiting to see the jolly green giant peel Iron Man's armor off like a grape? That's the first big fight. The Avengers, FF, Doctor Strange and others follow.  Black Bolt is a mere footnote to the main action. Particularly satisfying is a bare-knuckles smackdown with the Thing that has some of the best action art I've ever seen in a comic: John Romita Jr.'s use of computer-enhanced effects, particularly blurring effects, is stunning, and gives these issues a kinetic texture that we used to have to dream about. I thought this was a completely satisfying action epic. Not sure what the end meant, but I'm ready for the next graphic novel, so I can find out!  (Joe Sixpack, ReadThatAgain book reviews)
0375826726|2.0|This is the third book in the Inheritance Cycle by Christopher Paolini.  It was originally the Inheritance Trilogy.  I was a bit disappointed when I heard there was going to be yet another book.  I haven't been really ecstatic about this series and I can't understand the allure it has for people. Still, I figure I should probably finish what I started.  I listened to this on audio book.  The audio book was excellent in quality.<br /><br />The book starts with Roran and Eragon storming Hellgrind to save Katrina.  From there Eragon is stuck trying to please the Varden, finish his training with the elves, and consorting with the dwarves on their new choice for king.<br /><br />Positive Things:<br />-  This book is, in some ways, a work of art.  It is very deliberately crafted, Paolini created his own languages for goodness sake.<br />-  The politics in the novel are detailed and well (too well) thought out.<br />-  The fight scenes are also fairly well written.<br />-  Sephira; she is the best character and without her prescence I would have never finished the first book of the series.<br />-  Paolini is trying to make a masterpiece; unfortunately sometimes a masterpiece isn't all that much fun to read.<br /><br />Negative Things:<br />-  The language.  Where does he get his adjectives from?  I felt like Paolini was deliberately trying to use the longest words possible to describe everything.<br />-  The politics were boring, boring, boring.  There is a huge reason why a lot of fantasy cuts the politics short...it is boring.<br />-  Eragon as a character.  Eragon either does what he wants or whines about what people tell him to do.  Then after this immaturity, Eragon suddenly goes off for a chapter on the philosophy of good and evil.  It is inconsistent.<br />-  The whole epic scene with Sloan.  This scene is silly and ridiculous.  It only teaches us more about what we already know about Eragon; he is a pompous whiny hero.<br />-  Inappropriate descriptions during fast-paced scenes.  There is one scene where Roran is in the midst of a dire battle.  Roran notices and thinks about a beautiful moth flying through the battle; while in battle.  This is unrealistic and not the only case where something like this is done.<br /><br />On a side note the audio book had a bonus interview with Paolini.  In this interview he tried to explain the Sloan scene and also explain why all the politics were included.  Apparently he thought them necessary.  I guess I disagree, but it is his book after all.<br /><br />If Paolini had shortened the Sloan thing and cut out the unnecessary politics he could have easily finished this \\"Cycle\\" in 3 books.  Eragon was bored for large portions of the book, and guess what, so was I.  I am bitter that I have to slog through, most likely, another 900 pages to finish this series.  I am bitter that Paolini will be making money off of me doing that.  Given all that I am not sure if I will read the last book.  We will see.<br />[...]midst of a dire battle.  Roran notices and thinks about a beautiful moth flying through the battle; while in battle.  This is unrealistic and not the only case where something like this is done.    On a side note the audio book had a bonus interview with Paolini.  In this interview he tried to explain the Sloan scene and also explain why all the politics were included.  Apparently he thought them necessary.  I guess I disagree, but it is his book after all.    If Paolini had shortened the Sloan thing and cut out the unnecessary politics he could have easily finished this \\"Cycle\\" in 3 books.  Eragon was bored for large portions of the book, and guess what, so was I.  I am bitter that I have to slog through, most likely, another 900 pages to finish this series.  I am bitter that Paolini will be making money off of me doing that.  Given all that I am not sure if I will read the last book.  We will see.  [...]
B000G2AHUA|5.0|A good quality heavyweight boat shoe.  These were delivered promptly and I have had no problems (which is good since I am over 4,000 miles away).
B001F2W4Y2|2.0|Good news and bads news. First the good; Brians voice sounds better than it has in a long time. The bad news: this album is so mediocre it doesn't matter.You know how when you're at a party and the first note of \\"You Shook Me All Nite Long\\" chimes in and everyone instantly goes crazy? That doesn't happen here. There are no hits here. Nothing here that says, \\"Play me on the radio\\". If you're a die hard fan, none of this will matter to you, but if like classic rock with catchy hooks (which is what I like about AC/DC),... play your \\"Back in Black\\" cd.
B000VNMMQG|5.0|I knew of this movie's existence long before I ever saw it and I wish now I had seen it sooner.  What a wonderful telling of not only the man who took on the British Parliament to abolish the slave trade, but William Wilberforce was the founder of what we today know as the SPCA.  Wilberforce had so much compassion for both humans and animals and led a hard won crusade in their interest.  I found the moving disturbing at times and definitely needed a tissue by the end.  I think everyone should see this movie.  It matters not that it's a bit of English history.  It's history that affects us all and it regards matters that continue to be relevant in today's society.
B0015AARJI|5.0|The sixaxis is a fine controller, light and sturdy, but the rumble is a nice additional feature, and it doesn't really shorten the battery life that much.  Also, the heavier controller creates the illusion of being sturdier, even if they old and new controller have the same build.
B000002KZ6|5.0|Variously described as punk rock, art rock, alternative rock, and new wave, The Talking Heads originally formed in 1974 and became one of many cutting-edge bands to emerge from New York's legendary CBGB'S, the proving ground of such diverse acts as Patti Smith, Blondie, Television, and Mink DeVille. By 1977 the band had sufficient momentum to get a record deal and within a few years the band began to register on both sides of the Atlantic--but although they were well known to fans of alternative music, it wasn't really until 1983 that Talking Heads truly crashed the music charts. The release that did it was SPEAKING IN TONGUES.<br /><br />According David Byrne, the lyrics were originally ad libbed nonsense phrases--but these ad libs gradually developed a life of their own, and while each phrase in each song doesn't necessarily make any sort of narrative sense they do make a sort of emotional and kinetic sense in tandem with the band's sonic extremes, which range from borderline out of control to meticulously detail work--and often within the same song.<br /><br />It's an odd thing to say about an \\"art band,\\" but most music by The Talking Heads is very danceable--and the selections from TONGUES is no exception. Everything has a strong beat, a solid drive, be it the opening and prickly-sounding \\"Burning Down The House\\" or the closing and surprisingly delicate \\"This Must Be The Place.\\" But what really sets The Talking Heads apart from every other band of the era is the way it fiddles with musical ideas. You find a bit of everything here: African rythmns, pop riffs, growly rock vocals, sweet glosses.<br /><br />\\"Burning Down The House\\" is the cut that everyone knows (it was the band's only top ten American hit), but this is a case where it's all good and personal favorites are simply that: personal favorites. Returning to the recording after some years, I did not necessarily link a title with a particular song... until I heard the first few notes and was instantly as into the piece as I was in 1983. It's hard to select a favorite, but if I had to do so I'd give to either \\"Swamp\\" or \\"This Must Be The Place.\\"<br /><br />Some Talking Heads fans dismiss SPEAKING IN TONGUES as a case of the band beginning to sell out to industry demands for a more pop-inflected, more radio-friendly sound. It is true that the album is more pop-inflected than most of the band's work, but the inflection is comparative; it's not anywhere within the mainstream of popular music. It was, however, the beginning of the end of the band, for it focused public attention on David Byrne who thereafter began an effort to artistically dominate bandmates Chris Frantz, Jerry Harrison, and Tina Weymouth--which effectively split the band after a few more releases. But whatever the case, they were on the cutting edge in their day and that edge hasn't dulled in over twenty years. Still unlike any other band, still same as it ever was. Recommended.<br /><br />GFT, Amazon Reviewerin 1983. It's hard to select a favorite, but if I had to do so I'd give to either \\"Swamp\\" or \\"This Must Be The Place.\\"     Some Talking Heads fans dismiss SPEAKING IN TONGUES as a case of the band beginning to sell out to industry demands for a more pop-inflected, more radio-friendly sound. It is true that the album is more pop-inflected than most of the band's work, but the inflection is comparative; it's not anywhere within the mainstream of popular music. It was, however, the beginning of the end of the band, for it focused public attention on David Byrne who thereafter began an effort to artistically dominate bandmates Chris Frantz, Jerry Harrison, and Tina Weymouth--which effectively split the band after a few more releases. But whatever the case, they were on the cutting edge in their day and that edge hasn't dulled in over twenty years. Still unlike any other band, still same as it ever was. Recommended.     GFT, Amazon Reviewer
B000024ASD|5.0|I'm sure most music fans would hate me for the title of my review, but I think open minded listeners could be convinced if they gave this obscure gem a chance!    Indeed, \\"Sgt Pepper's Loney Hearts Club Band\\" was a gift to the 1960s and I believe \\"Flaunt It\\" was robbed of the appreciation it deserved in the 1980s -- the original decade of excess!  I think both of theses great albums capture the electricity of their times.    First and foremost, \\"Flaunt It\\" is not to be taken that seriously as this is art for art sake, but with a healthy dose of sense of humor thrown in the mix.  Before you criticize it, remember that The Beatles also wrote plenty of weird and silly songs too.    This disc is a totally engrossing experience as your ears are thrown in the midst of the sound waves of the fictional Sputnik Corporation and its band Sigue Sigue Sputnik.  Bizarre tunes about a cyberpunk 1986 are glued together by equally strange commercials.  I know of no other record like this one!!!    As John Lennon once pointed out, only three tracks on \\"Sgt Pepper\\" were really connected with the whole concept album.  True, it had brilliant songs throughout, but allot of those other songs could've fitted on any other Beatles album.      Refreshingly, \\"Flaunt It\\" never feels like just a collection of songs, but an alternate reality of the Cold War -- with perhaps a less optimistic conclusion unfolding and the final bard of mankind is ironically a futuristic punk band singing about love and war and even cashing in with a few sponsors.    This is one of those once in a lifetime records.  It's strange, but commercial ...frozen in time, but points to a future ... full of punk attitude, but without the clich bitter anger.      The band clearly had a blast writing and recording \\"Flaunt It\\" and it truly captures the essence of the mid 80s perfectly -- a time of new technology and an increasingly high stakes game of chess being played by Reagan and Gorbachev.      Do your ears a favor and \\"Flaunt It.\\"
B00003CXCQ|5.0|The dvd is great, I would love for it to come in spanish as well, I dont know why they dont do that. My wife has a bit of a problem with english still, so it would be nice if they would put the spanish track as well.
1401923119|4.0|This is an excellent book - very enlightening as to the science behind why beliefs affect our life.  I have great respect for Bruce Lipton and his work. He is an important pioneer for our future.  I would have given this book 5 stars, but was disappointed at the lack of 'how' for changing our limiting beliefs.  Apparently one must spend more money to attend PSYCH-K seminars.  Otherwise, the book is extraordinary.
B0002Y69NG|5.0|I've been waiting until the right time to get this collection.  If you liked the movies, why not get it.  Everything Matrix, for around 3 bucks a disc.  Awesome.  I don't need to tell you how cool the movies are, you already know that, but this collection at this price is a great value.
075640407X|5.0|I read as many fantasy books as I can get my hands on.  Normally one or two a week for the past 10 years.  This is hands down, the best new author I have read in years.  This book, for me, rivals JRR Tolkien.  I am just hoping the second installment keeps up the great story.  What a fabulous read.  Thanks so much Mr. Rothfuss.
B0013ND30W|5.0|[[ASIN:B0013ND30W Sleeping Beauty (Two-Disc Platinum Edition + Standard DVD and BD Live) [Blu-ray]]]I received this Blu-Ray with DVD version Mon Oct 27 2008. I don't have a Blu-Ray player &/or recorder yet as I awaiting Panasonic making an ungradeable version recorder and lower prices. My review, thus, really covers the packaging. The first problem is the slip on sleeve over the plastic box. The box was shrink wrapped but the slip on sleeve was not. Sure this leads to destructiuon of this sleeve in the retail stores. The DVD version is in a light same size cardboard attached to the Blu-Ray plastic box with four(4) pieces of sticky roll-on glue leaving sticky marks when trying to roll off. This glue also caused print to come off with the glue and the same is true of the clear sticker stopping the disc slipping out in the delivery. I like the plastic box externally but internally the two lugs are two loose and when I opened the package Disc 2 fell out on the floor and was damaged with scratches and dust(that, at least, is blown off). Disc 1 was behind three inserts, loose, but did not fall out. Looking at the ad on the DVD version and it tells me that Blu-Ray is made from scratch resistant materials. Not currently my view or experience at this time. One has to to see that Blu-Ray has more material in a given area than DVD thus if scratches effect the playback then a much larger area is or can be damaged. I have never used or seen the DVD version of scratch resistant material. Worth a thought before too much further time goes on with Blu-Ray. Maybe this is an isolated incident but the lugs are definitely to flush and loose to hold the discs firmly in place, especially for travel long maiul delivery distances
B001BPJJ82|2.0|The Fall falls flat and while it has superb picture quality and a dynamite sounding sound track, the story is as flat the the picture and sound are vibrant. Too bad, I bought this sight unseen based on a fabulous trailer, if only they could have maintained the quality and intrigue of the trailer another 90 minutes or so...
B00192KCQ0|2.0|After Load and Reload, I don't know what happened to Metallica?????  St. Anger was horrible and they keep trying to go back to their old way such as Masters Of Puppets and just isn't cutting it.  This is one band that changed to much for this die hard metal fan.
B001GAPC1K|5.0|Not big on giving reviews, just found this movie entertaining, which is what a movie should do. Plot was not extensively complaicated, easy to follow, good action, screen play was reasonable, bottom line fun to watch for me and my wife, that is the key, wife enjoyed.
B00133KHCO|5.0|This is one of the best family films produced in recent years.  Not only is the story compelling, the music is a masterful melding of classical and rock.  Freddie Highmore gives a convincing performance of an \\"orphaned\\" kid in search for his parents through the music he hears.  It's a fairy tale for all, especially adults!
B001F2W4Y2|5.0|This is exactly what you would want from an AC/DC album. Great riffs, thick backbeat, amazing vocal range, and lyrics that you can barley understand. You've got to love the fact that they don't change what they do. I know that if I ever need some in-your-face rock n' roll I can always go to any AC/DC album and this one is no exception.
0375826726|2.0|I can't believe the author didn't complete this series with this book.  I was a semi-fan of the first book so I kept reading wanting to know how the story ended. The second book moved a little faster than the snail pace of the third but wasn't great.  This third book could've been written in exactly 50 pages for it to be an interesting read.  Lousy, I think I'll just read a cheat sheet online for the fourth book just to see how the story ends.
B000KJT8IG|2.0|Version: U.S.A / Warner / Region Free  Aspect ratio: 1.78:1  VC-1 BD-25 / Advanced Profile 3  Running time: 1:37:11  Movie size: 14,97 GB  Disc size: 15,27 GB  Average video bit rate: 18.51 Mbps  Number of chapters: 29    Subtitles: English / English SDH / French / Spanish    Dolby Digital Audio             English         192 kbps        2.0 / 48kHz / 192kbps  Dolby Digital Audio             English         192 kbps        2.0 / 48kHz / 192kbps  Dolby Digital Audio             French          192 kbps        1.0 / 48kHz / 192kbps  Dolby Digital Audio             Spanish         192 kbps        1.0 / 48kHz / 192kbps    #Audio Commentary  #Theatrical Trailer
B001DHXT20|4.0|If you enjoy a wonderful sequel to a classic movie and TV show, you will enjoy this the latest installment of the Incredible Hulk. There are a few changes in this latest movie...Liv Tyler now plays the love interest; William Hurt plays the General; and Edward Norton now plays the tortured Dr. Bruce Banner. There is the same old theme of a tormented Dr. Banner trying to cure himself (i.e., by using calming techniques taught to him and by sending data to a professor at the University) while trying to elude his nemesis General Ross (who is still trying to capture and control the Hulk), and rekindling a romance with Betty (Ross' daughter). The new additions to the story is the angry, power hungry soldier, Emil Blonsky who Ross' is willing to experiment on to insure that he has someone who can rival the Hulk. Blonsky doesn't mind being experimented on if it means that he will have super strength. He feels the power already.     While there are some cheesy moments (cameos of both a deceased Bill Bixby and Lou Ferrigno, not to mention the creator of Marvel Comics), over all I think this movie was extremely enjoyable, and I think Norton ended up being a decent Hulk. He definitely looks and acts tortured. And the lesson is clear, you can continue to fight the rage inside you or you can learn to control and use it. But more importantly, the movie sets the tone for future Hulk movies and future storylines...the Doctor helping Banner I think could be the Doctor with the large cranium from the comic books/cartoons, not to mention Banner's continued search for a cure. Or maybe at least we will discover if Banner ever learns to control his beast.
B000TFINY6|3.0|Version: U.S.A / Region A, B, C  Aspect ratio: 1.78:1  MPEG-4 AVC BD-50  LPCM 5.1 4608Kbps (48kHz/16-bit) English  DD AC3 5.1 640Kbps English / French / Spanish  Subtitles: English SDH / French / Spanish     Disc 1 - 5 Episodes  Running time: 3:35:18  Feature size: 43,99 GB  Disc size: 45,16 GB  Average video bit rate: 19.19 Mbps    Disc 2 - 5 Episodes  Running time: 3:36:10  Feature size: 44,12 GB  Disc size: 44,82 GB  Average video bit rate: 19.20    Disc 3 - 5 Episodes  Running time: 3:35:11  Feature size: 44,16 GB  Disc size: 44,47 GB  Average video bit rate: 19.29 Mbps    Disc 4 - 5 Episodes  Running time: 3:35:12  Feature size: 44,17 GB  Disc size: 44,55 GB  Average video bit rate: 19.29 Mbps    Disc 5 - 3 Episodes  Running time: 2:09:38  Feature size: 26,65 GB  Disc size: 27,02 GB  Average video bit rate: 19.35 Mbps    Disc 6 - Extras
B001AIRUP4|4.0|Long time fan of this goofy holiday flick. After years of suffering through my old VHS copy of this movie, I bought this copy. What a delight, the bright vivid colors and detail not seen before in this movie. Some great extras, included the narrated, original poem that inspired the movie..<br /><br />In addition, it comes with a DVD copy of the movie, which is great for the kids to watch in the car or on the older DVD player at Grandma's house.
0143038419|5.0|My mom sent me this book last Christmas. I couldn't put it down.<br /><br />I loved the food, the exotic scenery, and every one of the author's (often hilarious) adventures. The style is friendly and easy to read. It is romantic without being mushy and adventurous without pretension or bravado.<br /><br />When I finished, I felt as though I had made a new friend.
B00005JO20|4.0|Given the fact that practically everyone knows the big ape dies after falling from the empire state building (it's on the DVD cover for crying out loud) one wonders why Hollywood decided to remake King Kong.<br /><br />The answer is Peter 'Lord of Ticket Sales' Jackson, and his enviable grasp of story telling and spectacular FX. Unlike Michael Bay, who is content with blowing up multi-million dollar sets and selling it as cinema, Jackson actually drops a few nuggets of character development and plot into the mix.<br /><br />The result is a spectacular action film with enough heart and brains to keep you engaged even when Kong isn't smashing T-Rex heads together. If action and story don't do it for you then you'll still have the pleasure of seeing Naomi Watts run around in the jungle for 45 minutes wearing nothing but a silk nighty.<br /><br />Speaking of Naomi, she's the only one here who really has to act. Everyone else gets outdone by the monkey, including oscar winner Adrien Brody. It's not his fault though, he just doesn't get much screen time.<br /><br />A truly action packed film that makes the most of the limited material gleaned from the original. At almost three hours it can start to drag near the end, but that's what the remote is for. DVD includes no extras - but a two disc special edition is available for the fans of featurettes.
B001E75QGG|1.0|This is possibly the worst movie I've ever seen. The plot is horrible, mixing russians and aliens into a confusing soup. There isn't a single action-scene with a hint of realism in this movie.
031606792X|3.0|I absolutely LOVED Twilight I couldn't get enough. I wanted to be immersed in this story. I was so in love with Edward I could have moved to Forks just to see if it could happen to me...lol    I was in a rush to get through New Moon because I wanted my Edward fix, but LOVED IT all the same.     Then Eclipse was great because you have this love triangle that made you wonder what Bella was going to do.     Then came Breaking Dawn...hmmm....I was so excited to get this book.  I wouldn't let myself read any of the spoilers so that I would be competely surprised.      Well, Surprised I was!!  The Begining was great everything I expected it to be. Then the honeymoon came, I was so disappointed that Bella was pregnant.  So unrealistic and it almost (and I stress almost) made me want to stop reading it.     It was too perfect!!     The first 3 had struggles and problems and even though it involved a family of vampires and werewolves the issues were so real as a reader I could relate to them. It made you feel like maybe this really happened, maybe this really isn't fiction.     The series itself is WONDERFUL and I will recomend it to anyone who might ask. Breaking Dawn was definitely not as great as the first three, but all in all the book was okay.
006056251X|5.0|This is the first Lisa Kleypas book I've read and it definitely will not be the last.  I cannot think of a single complaint other than I did not want the book to end.  I am an English major from UCLA and I used to turn my nose up at ROMANCE books as formula tripe like a \\"B\\" movie to be avoided at all costs.  Have I been wrong for forever!??!!  I am so glad I picked up this book when I was stuck with a long wait.  It has everything a grown up woman wants in a book.  A real heroine with heart, brains, guts, backbone, loyalty, filial devotion, humility and beauty inside and out.  The fact that she has a disability makes her all the more endearing and lovable.  She learns and grows up in the book.  The world weary \\"rake\\", Sebastian learns and grows up in the book too.  The transformation of the two characters as they fall in love is marvelously depicted.  Nothing rushed, nothing phony.  The shy virgin seeking protection from the infamous playboy.  She gets what she wants, protection from her odious family, but she ends up giving her husband of convenience much more than he bargained for.  She gives him redemption from the demons in his own life, she literally and figuratively saves him from himself and real live villains.  Sebastian is as interesting and challenging a character as one can find in literature.  The secondary characters, Evie's father, the Gypsy Cam, the other Wallflowers are all filled out people and the dialogue, the plot, the love scenes, everything about this book is perfect.  Enjoy! Enjoy!
B0000DAOHN|5.0|THIS IS A GREAT BOOK. IT IS NUMBER 8 IN THE SERIES AND IS JUST AS GOOD AS THE PREVIOUS 7! I LOVE THE STORY AND THE CHARACTERS. THEY JUST KEEP GETTING BETTER.
0446579939|5.0|He does it again! An amazing love story full of hope and faith. I have to say this was one of his best books. a page turner from beginning to end. Thank you Nicholas for such a good book!
