B000002H8F|5.0|it is time for stormy weather. no better album provides it.
067101756X|5.0|This book is facinating and riviting science fiction. Does Corso really expect us to believe in aliens from Outer Space? This might have made a good B movie. Some flaws in his thinking should make one realize the truth is not in this book. He makes statements that the alien technology is so advanced that we wouldn't stand a chance against invasion, yet he also states that we were going to put man on the moon to give the aliens something to think about before attacking us. If their technology is that advanced, whatever technology we reverse-engineered from the UFO would still NOT be any match for them.  He also states that when he looked at the &quot;wafers&quot; from the ship he didn't know what they were, yet later in the book he says he knew when he saw them that they were printed circuit chips and what they meant for the future in microprocessors, something that hadn't been invented yet. This is a hard one to swallow, especially when he talks about a lot of the nuclear build up during the Cold War being for protection against alien invasion. Even the Russians were in on it cooperating with the US secretly! Finally, as always, we are led to believe that any alien visitation is hostile towards Earth. Most movies run along with this thinking. If there are any aliens visiting, wouldn't any of them &quot;come in peace&quot; instead of wanting to make us slaves or use us for experiments? I think Mr. Corso has seen to many B movies. Still, I give this book 5 stars for facinating reading and creative imagination.
B0000025HU|5.0|London Calling - the bands flagship work is and always will be a masterpeice.  Approaching it's twenty year anniversary, this album still inspires me.  How many other recordings that took place in 1979 can you say that about.  <br />And to think - no reunion tour!
B000001IPL|5.0|This CD is one of the greatest of all time; Offspring defined punk. With inner-city, self-pitying, street trash lyrics, and music that can change your hormonal balance that could give you a more violent nature, this is the kind of thing that would make an old geizer say &quot;Turn that crap off, ya' hippie!&quot; That's exactly what I'm looking for.
0606045740|5.0|This was a masterpiece of both plot and characterization.  I'm hard to please, but found absolutely no flaws in this great work.
B00000612G|5.0|This has quickly become my wife and my favorite CD.  I've always been a big Bon Jovi fan, but my wife has not.  We have to keep stealing this CD away from each other to listen to it in our cars.  Every song is different, wonderful, and moving.
B0000028PI|5.0|This concept album actually has a comic book with the same title. (It might be hard to find now though.)  You can read the story and listen to the album. I found that the album increased the whole comic experience and vice versa.  Very cool idea.  Excellent music and lyrics.
B000002MI4|5.0|Unlike anything else he's done  -which a career-long fan hopes/fears. And, once again, a brilliant gift - in concept and execution.  Risky and deeply rewarding.  As with all True Art, not only bears but improves with repeated listening/contemplation.
B0000042MY|4.0|This is a great soundtrack which does a incredible job of capturing the movie's high drama, romance and tragedy.  A worthy addition to your music library!
B0000035GN|5.0|This is truly one of the best albums I've ever heard and not enough people get exposed to this kind of magic, perversion and sincerity.  If you like this you'll love PHARMACY...trust me
0440111498|5.0|In reading this novel I was amazed by the way in which his mind works. The plot twist, the characters, and an ending which no one could have guessed at. What strikes me the most is the way in which it starts off with a reporter who's researching a book about the atomic bomb, and ends up as the story of the end of the world.
B000002H70|5.0|I must say, I have never, until today, read a negative word about Disintegration. By virtue of it being a release by the Cure, to make any comment regarding its moods, is sheer redundancy. What is most important about this album (and indeed what makes it so great) is the craft of the album. By layering one discordant line over another, the Cure have created an edgy and ellusive (&quot;Fascination Street&quot;, &quot;Lullaby&quot;) while at the same time, rich (&quot;Plainsong&quot;, &quot;Closedown&quot;) and tangible album. And one must admit to the pure pop perfection (a la Robert Smith) of the plaintive and glorious &quot;Pictures of You&quot;. If you don't find solace and/or joy in darker musings, this may not be your album. But, in an industry which is all about flash in the pan, big singles and big money, here is an album (in the true sense of the word) which seers its own course over a terrain of its own design. It may be a return to something resembling &quot;Pornography&quot;, yet this time it makes sense --&quot;So let's cut the conversation/  And get out for a bit/Because i feel it all fading and paling/And i'm begging to drag you down with me/To kick the last nail in/Yeah i like you in that like i like you to scream/But if you open your mouth then i cant be responsible for/Quite what goes in or to care what comes out&quot;
B000002C1X|5.0|Although it may not be considered their best work by many, it is to me. Something many of us would agree on is that it's definitely their most ambitious. After I saw the movie, I was on a mission to get the album as quickly as I could. It has been my favorite album ever since (even over &quot;Dark side of the moon&quot; which, although it's flawless, doesn't have the grandeur and the emotional impact of The Wall).
B000002NJS|5.0|I was Never a fan of Madonna's, never even bought one of her CD's.  But I did buy this one because of &quot;Ray of Light&quot;.  But as I listened to the rest of the songs, they were truly beautiful.  I would recommend it.
B000001ESF|5.0|They don't write music like this any more.  Buy it.
0670880728|5.0|This was the best book I've ever read.  I laughed at almost every page.  Bridget voiced the thoughts over every woman~ a must read.
B000002NJS|5.0|Madonna does it once again with her latest effort &quot;Ray Of Light&quot;. This must be her best album since Like A Prayer&quot; and &quot;Bedtime Stories&quot;. Lyrically retrospective and musically engaging, Madonna treats her fans to electronica that is less distant than others. A great effort and something that everyone must have.
0553275976|5.0|I admired Bonfire more for the innovative uses of language than for his social incisiveness.  I despise the knee-jerkers who deplore the 80's as a &quot;decade of greed&quot; and point to Wolfe's book as a banner example of that sentiment.  Surely, any reader out there would jump at the chace to have the wealth, connections and opportunities that the main character, Sherman McCoy had?  Wolfe neatly lays bare the foibles of members from all levels of society.  No one is spared, but most people seemed to really enjoy the downfall of Sherman McCoy. I felt nothing but sympathy for the man, but then again I'm always a few steps short of being a pariah.   I had an intriguing assignment in a college  English class: a favorite book of yours has been banned in your community.  Write a spirited defense of the book.  The novel I chose:  Bonfire of the Vanities...
B000002C1X|5.0|This CD truly tells a story--somtimes haunting, sometimes oppressive, but a real story!  It is less assaultive than the movie seems to make it out to be.  It is a classic among classics.
B000002J1S|5.0|IF you don't own this album, you have never listened to real Genesis. Through sometimes strange and surreal lyrics, the group takes you on a tremendous journey. This is the best that Gabriel, Banks and Collins would ever do. One of the best lines in all of rock history is on this album...&quot;And I'm hovering like a fly, waiting for the windshield on a freeway.&quot; Do your musical collection a favor and buy this one. I promise that you won't be disapointed.
B000002U82|5.0|Perhaps the best Floyd album.  Perhaps the best album ever!  This is the music that is accessable to all people.
B000006OAM|2.0|Although 10,000 Maniacs is my favorite band, and Natalie's solo Tigerlily is one of the best albums I have ever heard, Ophelia is just plain boring.  It seems to me to be a collection of tracks that were never added to Tigerlily for one reason or another.  Although the extra instruments used throughout Ophelia does broaden Natalie's application of her unique musical style, it is simply not enough to turn this into something provacative.  In a word, it's disappointing.
0345350499|5.0|Mists  was  one  of  the  best  books  I've  ever  read! I  definitly  recommend  it  to  anyone, whether  or  not  you  even  care  about  Arthurian  legend. This  book  is  inspiring  and  interesting.
B000002TQV|5.0|I became an instant fan the first time i borrowed it from a friend.  Before i had only heard Creep, and this album was soooo much more!!!  I now have all three of their major releases as well as their new EP, and i feel that The Bends is their best work to date.  Radiohead is probably the most original and creative band in the industry today.
B000002572|5.0|My all-time favorite album!  You won't find any filler material here - just pure rocking wizardry.  It's no wonder that it has become one of the top 5 selling albums of all time!
B000000OTY|5.0|This is a fabulous CD filled with amazing emotional lyrics (especially 'Don't Give Up' with Paula Cole's beautiful soulful voice)and multilayered music.  The energy is uplifting, the music full and intricate in arrangement, the lyrics poetic and inspiring.  This is one of my favorite CD's - it never fails to fill me with emotion and hope.
B0000062IR|5.0|This Cd is great!!! Musiclly it is like nothing else I've heard before. Stabbing Westward expresses emotion like no other group I've listened to. You can feel what they must have been feeling when they wrote these songs. The emotion of it grabs you and dosen't let go. Their last CD had the theme of &quot;Can I live without you?&quot; and this one answers it with a resounding &quot;Yes I can!!!&quot; My only complaint is That I didn't know there were two versions. If I had I would've bought the explicit lyrics version.
B000002L75|5.0|It's not too often where I find an album where every single song is enjoyable and worth listening too.  This album is quintessential Depeche.  It has all the mood, depth, and clarity that the earlier albums showed the potential of and, alas, which the latter albums eventually lost.
B000002NJS|5.0|Even though this cd isn't about sex its one of her best. With her talented voice and the quality of her lyrics, I enjoy this album more than any other album I have.
B0000039QA|5.0|This album is so cool.  Notorious BIG has gone out with a bang.  He is the best rapper ever and this album kicks ass.
B000006O7C|5.0|Millions of fans all over the world were waiting for the release of Jeff's Buckley's Sketches (For My Sweetheart the Drunk).  This CD will not disappoint any of those fans.  It is a masterpiece. It is Jeff Buckley at his best : alive and singing. Some of the songs are unfinished and raw but    they all have that &quot;special something&quot;, that flame, that Jeff Buckley spark.  I loved this CD.  It's the best album I have purchased in years.
B00000273P|4.0|Jordan: The Comeback is the most realized of Prefab Sprout's significant output.  It's definitely the most subversive.  It sounds like it could be synthesized Cole Porter until you digest the lyrics - about God, Elvis, Jesse James, Machine Gun Ibiza, A Lost Love, Paddy Joe ... But not only are they the best name droppers since Steely Dan, lead songwriter Paddy McAloon writes some unforgettable stuff.  Your parents would probably like this album, but don't let that stop you.
0440217563|5.0|Diana Gabaldon is a captivating author.  I have re-read her books many times and enjoy them more each time.  They take place primarily over 200 years ago, but somehow seem extremely real.  I actually felt that I became part of the story, and would recommend it to anyone!
0671510991|5.0|Mr. Kissinger gives a brilliant overview of European history and political diplomacy, ably contrasting its 'real politic' with a more idealistic American political diplomacy.  I now understand why we as Americans misunderstand and are often misunderstood by our European counterparts.  This is a must read for any American living in Europe.
B000002LK1|5.0|There is no filler on this CD.It contains only nine tracks, and anymore would be overwhelming, because all of these tracks will move your soul as well as your feet. The bulk of these songs are touching, moving, and are hard to forget.
B000007ODM|5.0|I'm curious to know where this group is from. I adore this CD and absolutely would like to have more information on this type of style. It has inspired me.
0060976624|5.0|I first listened to this book on tape during my lengthy commute to work.  I liked it so much I bought the book for my sister. While listening to it on tape I could barely drive down the George Washington Memorial Parkway, incapacitated as I was by fits of laughter and constant eye wiping while alone in a car.  Can't imagine what other drivers thought of me.  The part about the nicotine patches was, quite possibly, the funniest and most original passage of any book I have ever read.
B000002AT6|5.0|Though I have'nt seen the movie, I just adored its music. Certainly a Horner classic. It resembles Titanic and Braveheart in some cases, but the addition of piano and violin to the classic horns and flute, gives it a different tune. If you've enjoyed Braveheart or Titanic, this should be an alternative buy. Especially the 2nd and the 3rd tracks are very good.
B000001EIA|5.0|Kiss comes through on this album that eventually led to the orignal members of the band getting back together.  The vocals of Paul and Gene really come through here.
B000000W3G|5.0|I thought that this box set was absolutly amazing! Typical work of the Smashing Pumpkins! I highly recommend this to everyone!
B0000060NF|5.0|This is perhaps one of the greatest albums of the 70's and it is by far the best album by Marvin Gaye.  The landscape of the United States is told through the beautiful lyrics.  Tells the side of America that is not so dreamy.  A great soulful album.
B000002WYT|4.0|Crash might not be as commercially successful as Under the Table and Dreaming, and it may not be quite as radio friendly, but this album is deffinately a high water mark of the creativity of the DMB. Dave is a fine songwriter, his abilitis maturing in his old age. There is no &quot;Ants Marching&quot; on this album, but there is something much better. Actually musical ability. Go Dave, there are few in popular music that do it as good as this. Why didn't I give it five stars? Let's not get carried away now. This is a sweet album, but it's not The White Album. Gotta leave a little room for those extra special albums.
B000000OTU|5.0|this is a really good album if you like the band but not enough to  buy all their cds for their best hits. it has all the good ones and i recommend it highly!
B000006NPY|2.0|What went wrong, Billy?!
B000002UAX|5.0|This album has a variety of styles, yet is 100% Beatles. If you haven't yet heard it, don't miss it!!!
0140186409|4.0|When asked to find a book for a book project for freshman reading, I took the advice of my friend to choose the Grapes of Wrath. Because the only Steinbeck background I had was The Pearl, I did not understand the intercallary chapters and its allegorical themes. I eventually crammed the last 200 pages of the Joads' journey the night before our books had to be finished. After I recieved a C- on my book write-up, I was deeply saddened because I had worked very hard to understand the themes of struggle, love, and hope. Even though I recieved that C-, I feel I have learned a lot about human life and struggle from the simple plot of The Grapes of Wrath. This book is full of everything that makes a book a classic. I recommended to everyone of all ages even a person is too young to understand the symbolism and the allegorical themes. But in the end after a long struggle, my C- can be linked to the end of The Grapes of Wrath. Great book!
0670880728|5.0|OK, I'm forty, American, and married, but Bridget's life still rang true to me.  Fear of &quot;scary parties&quot;, rummaging through the laundry trying to find something to wear to work, overbearing parents, culinary disasters - Bridget finds herself in situations that anyone can appreciate.  Read it and enjoy!
B0000026NC|5.0|The guitar solo on 'Comfortably Numb' does not come any better. In essence this album is wrapping it all up. If you are new to Pink Floyd this is were you should start.
0380002930|4.0|When I first picked up this book, I nearly put it right back. Who'd want to read a book about rabbits? However, it turned out to be a remarkably original book. It managed to give human feeling to animals, without becoming a &quot;kiddie&quot; book. It does lack the sophistication, complexity and sublety that the more jaded reader might be used to, but it more than makes up for this with the excellent writing and character development, especially that of Hazel. It is unfortunate that modern readers might feel distanced from the cold war and ecological underthemes of the book.
B000000993|5.0|Although this CD contains some explicit lyrics, I still love the music.  Tool rocks!!
B000002NJS|5.0|I have been a Madonna fan since the boy-toy days. She still amazes me.  This CD hasn't left my CD player since I bought it.  This CD makes me feel happy (Ray of Light, Ashanti).  It makes me feel sad (Power of Good-bye).  It makes me FEEL.  Madonna shows how much she has matured, especially when you listen to her &quot;early years&quot;.  Although, I still appreciate those years!! Madonna, you are my Queen.  Rock on sister friend.
B000002KE2|5.0|Forget about all the new crap that is out these days, if you want to listen to music that is GOOD, then listen to this album.  I wasn't even born when this album came out, but I listen to it every day.  I think if all the kids these days got into Black Sabbath more, they would be a lot cooler, and the world would be a better place.
B000002GFT|4.0|Many fans of Fairport Convention regard Leige &amp; Leif as the band's finest achievement.  The fact remains, however, that this album began a long trend of decline into traditional music which eroded the unique songwriting talents of the members.  The original compositions which made Fairport Convention (1968), What We Did on Our Holidays (1969), and Unhalfbricking (1969), so exciting begin to disappear on Leige &amp; Leif.  Furthermore, with the departure of Ian Matthews, the beautiful harmonizing between Matthews and Denny is absent.  One of the most devastating effects of Leige &amp; Leif, however, was the fued between Ashley Hutchings, who became obsessed with traditional folk, and Sandy Denny, who joined Fairport Convention to escape it.  The dispute resulted in both members leaving the band, critically weakening it.  Nevertheless, although it cannot match up to Fairport Convention's wonderful first three albums, Leige &amp; Leif remains an enjoyable listening experience and I would not sell my personal copy (which is on vinyl) for all the world.
B000002HJA|5.0|Kyuss are one of the most underestimated bands of the world, they play that kind of music that makes you imagine something, they're just incredible go ahead and buy one of their last albums
B000001Y5X|5.0|I think this album was truly the best album, musically for Marilyn Manson.  It was released before the idea behind their band was wierdness and money and was solely about the music.
B000002OFG|5.0|This is a great CD, filled with music that could only come from Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers
0684874350|5.0|A rare book experience. I found myself reading it slowly because I didn't want it to end.
0553565915|5.0|This book changed my perspective about life. It really does not matter if it really happened that way or not but if you think about it, you will know it is true. There is nothing more important in life than to learn about love and the power of love. If just a quarter of the world understand love, the world would be heavenly. I truly believe that this book is an inspiration from the High Above; one of the many attempts to teach humankind about the key to salvation, and the key is love.
B000002U82|5.0|yoour collection is not complete unless you have this classic. The most moving, cerebral album ever made. Nothing has come close to this groundbraking album except maybe OK Computer from Radiohead. But DSOTM stands on its own as an absolute masterpiece!
B000001ESP|5.0|Moving Pictures is an outstanding piece or work.  It combines superior performance, originality and thoughtful song writing.  This one is not just for Rush fanatics.
B000002C1W|3.0|In 1987, after a lengthy court case and bad blood, David Gilmour, and Nick Mason decided to carry on as Pink Floyd. The result was the album &quot;A Momentary Lapse Of Reason&quot;. The songs arent so bad, in fact they are quite catchy. The only thing missing is Roger Waters unifying vision. This album sounds like a David Gilmour solo album. But he had an army of session musicions to assist him in the production. Bob Ezrin (The Wall) also produced and co-wrote several tracks. Its a very enjoyable album with strong songwriting, but to me it doesn't meet Pink Floyd standards.
B000001IPL|5.0|If you have only heard Offspring on the radio you are in for a treat. Self-Esteem and Come out and Play are farily different from the other songs on the disc, which tend to be more aggressive and raw, while still retaining the wit and intelligence that seperates Offspring from the average punk band. The best selling independent album of all time with good reason.<br />ps: Make no comparison to Green Day, who lag miles behind this album
B000002C1Z|4.0|From the classic Storm Thorgerson cover to the chilling images of isolation inside, it is apparent that Pink Floyd's &quot;Animals&quot; is no happy go lucky pop-album. Animals is probably the first sign of a Roger Waters dominated Floyd. His messages of isolation, fear, paranoia, are all in the forefront. This does not mean that Animals does not have its uplifting moments. The beautiful &quot;Pigs On The Wing&quot;, David Gilmours soaring guitar work in &quot;Dogs&quot;, it all makes for a wonderful, if unsettling listen. This is one of the best records of its time, and it will stand up to repeated listens. Get it. Live it. Love it.
B000002UEB|5.0|Damn, I wanted to be the first to review this. It is a must buy for sure. Best metal album ever? This is really an *album*, not just a collection of songs. It tells a story (the amazon summary of it is pretty bad, btw) without any printed background information, just the songs themselves. As with many Queensryche albums you *must* listen from start to finish, *must* pay attention and you will be amazed as you pick up more and more of the music and the plot each time. It is amazing how much you can discover in this album (and Rage for Order, I might add) with each new listen. Only an insane fool would pass up buying this.
0156528207|5.0|The little prince is one of those classic books that puts a smile on your face.  It reminds us of the little child buried in all of us.  Without that little child life would be just plain boring.  We need to discover our past through that little person in all of us.  Innocence lost can once again be discovered and help us through our mundane lifes.  We are all the little prince once  in a while.
B000002W9P|5.0|The only thing wrong with this album is that it isn't twice as long. THE power metal album by THE power metal group. Don't think twice. Nine out of ten metal fans agree: no metal collection is complete without.
6300215814|5.0|What a wonderful film.  Breakfast at Tiffany's is definitely a movie of mixed emotions,  but it is completely uplifting.  Audrey Hepburn is  always enchanting as the free spirited and endlessly loveable Holly Golightly,  and George Peppard is top notch as the writer who is meant to be with her.  The movie is full of memorable lines and scenes,  but the party scene is the one that is often deservedly remembered.  It is one of the best (if not THE best) party sequences in movie history!      END
B000002JKA|5.0|First of all, what is up with the Amazon review? Not even a review but rather an attack on prog metal by someone who seems to think that AC-DC (no offense, I love AC-DC) is the mold from which all metal should be cut. Well...listen to &quot;Space Dye Vest&quot; and then tell me that it is too &quot;heady&quot; and not emotional enough...yah, whatever. Dream Theater has proved with songs such as Space Dye Vest, Change of Seasons, Metropolis Part 1, etc, that music can be long, complex, intellectual but still emotional and accessible. <br /> If you are looking for a group that sings &quot;ooh...baby..I need you so much&quot; or some other cookie cutter pre-fab faux emotional garbage this is not for you. If you are looking for an album with a good variety and genuine feeling buy this as well as &quot;images and words&quot; and &quot;A change of seasons&quot;
B000002UTK|4.0|I was very suprised by this album. Usually, Pet Shop Boys (as talented as they are)  do not do a good job remixing their songs.  Most of the time, they simply take  their original songs  and make them longer  and more repetitious.   Disco I and II  provide great examples.  However,  the remixes contained here are actually not only longer, but in many ways better than the original versions. The only exception is &quot;It's Alright,&quot; but even if  you ignore that track there is still plenty to listen to. This is Pet Shop Boys at their absolute best.
0812550706|5.0|When I first recieved this book for a gift, I was reluctant to read it because I wasn't into sci-fi. After finishing it, I immediately began searching for the sequels. Ender is the most likable character I have had the pleasure to read about, and the way he handles his many tough situations should be a model for anyone. I recommend this book to anyone who can read.
0783223161|5.0|Note:  This review gives away much of the plot.  Alfred Hitchcock's &quot;Psycho,&quot; perhaps tame by contemporary standards for screen violence, is still a masterpiece of horror.  The 1960 film owes much of its power to the director, who was always innovative and broke a great deal of new ground with this film, both cinematically and thematically.  Perkins's Norman Bates is loosely based on Ed Gein, a Wisconsin man who committed a number of horrible crimes.  (See &quot;Silence of the Lambs,&quot; &quot;Deranged&quot; (1973), &quot;Three on a Meat Hook,&quot; and &quot;The Texas Chain Saw Massacre&quot; for other films based on Gein.)  But Hitchcock does not concern himself with repeating a true story (nor did Bloch, who wrote the novel of the same name).  Rather, Hitchcock worked to challenge the limitations of film.  Casting the matinee idol Perkins as Bates and killing off the name attraction (Janet Leigh) early in the film added much to the attraction.  In addition, the editing (in more than just the famous shower scene) and Bernard Herrmann's great score make this film one of the greats of horror.  END
B000000WFU|4.0|Karl Jenkins does what the Moody Blues and Emerson, Lake and Palmer did in the 70's - marry &quot;modern&quot; sound with a professional orchestra.  Fans may recognize one of the cuts from the current Delta Airlines ads.  Karl is also responsible for the DeBeers Diamond commercial (see his album &quot;Diamond Music&quot;).  Miriam Shockley's voice becomes a representation from both eastern and western cultures.  Watch for Karl Jenkins and Miriam Shockley in the future (actually, if you like this album, run, don't walk and purchase Adiemus 2: Cantata Mundi - it gets 5 stars in my book!!)
0783216084|5.0|Steven Spielberg's 1975 masterpiece shows what &quot;Jurassic Park&quot; could have been if Spielberg had been serious about the dinosaur film.  &quot;Jaws&quot; owes much of its success to a superb cast with three-dimensional rles to fill and the power of understatement.  While the conclusion is riveting with the shark in full view, it owes much to the build-up, in which the shark remains elusively out of view for so long.  And it doesn't hurt that John Williams added a masterful score.  This is one of those rare cases where the film is better than the book.      END
B000001FAU|5.0|Rainbow Rising is the most perfect moment of Ritchie Blackmore in the studio.  Recorded originally in 1975, the album brings the powerful voice of Ronnie James DIO, the strenght of Cozy Powell on the drums and the magic guitar of Blackmore after de Deep Purple break-up.  Mixing classical moments as in STARGAZER and the Hard Rock explosion as in TAROT WOMAN, this recording is a rare moment in the Heavy Metal history. Enjoy it.
0780018664|5.0|A child murderer (Peter Lorre) is preying on the youth of Berlin, and the police seem unable to stop him.  As a result, the Berlin underground begins stalking the killer.<br />&quot;M&quot; is one of the classics of film, notable for its minimum of dialogue and Lorre's wonderful performance.  With no gore, director Fritz Lang brought a true masterpiece to the screen.  Highly recommended.      END
B000006NPY|5.0|Everything they've done has been constantly changing, Gish's quiet growls into Siamese Dream's roar into Pieces Iscariot's purr.  Then we have Mellon Collie which combined every sound they'd ever tried into an epic--and it carried into Aeroplane Flies High!  Songs like Sweet Sweet and Daydream totally lead toward what they've just produced.  Adore is a great album worthy of The Smashing Pumpkins name.  Goddammit! Don't you see!?!<br />  As a band they are genius in that they can make any song sound better than it did before--this is due to the effort they put into the studio.  Also this new album, Adore, only gets better the louder you play it, confining it to headphones steals it's beauty from everyone else.  They are still a Rock Band, oh yes, one that is content to change--they've changed before and it worked so why stop?<br />  Some of the Pumpkins most experimental songs are their best, Annie Dog is an amazing  piano crawl and lyrical tale of pain and death and rebirth!<br />  It's one of the most powerful albums they've put together, crank it up!
B000001DTM|5.0|U2,having gone thrpugh complicated steps in their creation as a band of the eighties, finds their home, not in the white purity of the Joshua Tree but in the neo-selfishness of technobabble.  Opening with the drowning beat of &quot;Zoo Station&quot;, Bono tells of a man who has no home, who is running and forgot what he was running from or what he was running to.  When the band was chastised for the egotism of Rattle and Hum, they had no place to go with their music styles--they wanted to make the music higher and higher, a desire to reach for a God that apparently, wasn't listening. And since they couldn't take the music higher, they went lower, into the voice of the young and condemned, the sounds of those whomust move to stay alive... Ladies and Gentlemen,  I give you Achtung, Baby
0451160916|5.0|My son asks me what's the scariest book I've ever read and I reply &quot;The Shining.&quot;    Every summer or so I like to re-read it and it STILL scares me.  What fun!
0345347951|5.0|This book was very interesting.  It was very easy to read. It described things in enough detail to understand, but the book didn't spend the whole time on details.  Let your imagination take over in trying to picture the &quot;overlords.&quot;  The book also made you think about how society would act in that type of situation.  I haven't read any Aurthur C. Clark books besides this, but plan to now.
1561001791|5.0|I read the River God a couple of years ago and wanted something to listen to while stuck in the everyday traffic.  I picked up the River God, popped it into the tape player, and within minutes was grinning like an idiot.  Dick Hill does a great job reading Taita's story.  I had forgotten what a self-impressed person Taita was and all of this was portrayed perfectly with Hill's reading.  I took pleasure from it all over again!
B000005DQR|5.0|Undescribable, super-cool. Old vinyl, a cakeful of layers. Awesome- makes hip-hop as we know it look like some dead fish somewhere. This is the stuff that goes down. Buy this!
B000002J09|5.0|This is the quintessential rock album from the quintessential rock band.  Led Zeppelin.
B000005JA8|5.0|Don Van Vliet and his comrades (The Mascara Snake, Drumbo, etc.) are pretty strange, and sometimes this album might seem unlistenable, but there is so much going on here, and it's so brilliant, that this album, if you can stand it, is one of the most unforgettable of all time. The band members spent months in a small isolated house producing what to a passer-by might think of as stupid spontaneous crap, but a more alert ear will discover that there is a whole lot of different things going down on all these different levels, see... This album features some great poetry (The Dust Blows forward, ... ), great songwriting and protest songs (Dachau Blues, Veterans day Poppy), real cool grooves (Ella Guru) and just plain weird (and unforgettable) (Pena, The Blimp). Blending beat, surreal, and nonsense, although not for the faint of heart (it takes a few times through to start to appreciate it) this is a true classic of modern music.
B000002LGA|5.0|This just might be everyting you like in a package you passed over 22 times.  Start to finish is how NEW YORK is ment to be heard;  not as party music, or backround noise, but as an auditory hallucination of life and times and sights and colors(as drab as it may seem) of a city, a musician, or more over, someone with something to say and nobody to listen.....
B000002JPA|5.0|For those who enjoy very technical hard rock music, this is the album for you.  There are some incredible duets with guitar and keyboard which boggle the mind.  Vocals on this album are excellent.  Highly reccomended.
0385486804|5.0|After reading this wonderfull book I felt the sudden urge to pack up my sleeping bag, some rice and hit the road. I am 22 years old and like Chris I just don't understand people or anything going on in  today's society and I wish I had the guts to just pick up everything  and escape the chaos that we have created in this rapidily deteriorating world( I won't however be eating any seeds=). His actions may have been ridicules to the average person who lives by  everyone else's rules, but I see Chris as being someone that was not  afraid to take a chance and experience something that most people are  to dictated to try. This book is a wonderful outlook on life itself  and makes one want to hit the road and experience life anew...&quot; Anyone heading North???&quot;   END
B000002KIE|5.0|This jagged, mean-spirited little album still is awe-inspiring as a scathing work of rock 'n' roll 20 years after it was released. Sure ... it was abrasive, but you'd still find few albums that have songs as memorable as &quot;God Save the Queen, &quot;Pretty Vacant,&quot; &quot;Bodies,&quot; &quot;Anarchy In the U.K.&quot; and &quot;Holidays In the Sun.&quot; A lot of attention was given to the self-destructive cretin that was bassist Sid Vicious. But what made the Sex Pistols produce a bang that was heard around the world was Paul Cook's thudding drums, Steve Jones' monstrously huge guitar sound and Johnny Rotten's spitting, scraping vocals. The Pistols made rock 'n' roll scary and fun again -- which is the highest praise I can give.
B00000255X|5.0|Dylan's voice, mystical trajectory, and ensemble music all peak on this album.<br />Holds up well after all these years.
B000006NPY|3.0|Smashing Pumpkins is known as a band of loud guitars, grand arrangements and multiplatinum sales.   But their new album, &quot;Adore,&quot; is so subdued that maybe the Chicago quartet should rename itself Shushing Pumpkins.  The decidedly uncommercial aspects of &quot;Adore&quot; are surprising, given the band's history. Despite the band's alternative-rock label, singer-songwriter Billy Corgan, along with bassist D'Arcy and guitarist James Iha, have always had their eyes on fame and fortune.   Even though Corgan's songs were filled with personal angst, he also made no bones about the fact he was targeting the lucrative teen market. And with its combination of loud, swirling guitars and Corgan's childlike wail, Smashing Pumpkins have been up to their necks in dollars.  But on &quot;Adore,&quot; the Pumpkins sound like a band in transition. Corgan's piano dominates the album's sound as much as the guitars. Powerful drums have largely replaced by tape loops and sequencers. Corgan's tormented worldview seems even darker amid the album's contemplative context.  My theory is that Smashing Pumpkins still haven't recovered from the Jimmy Chamberlin debacle of 1996. The troubled Chamberlin, a wonderful drummer and a charter member of the band, decided to shoot up heroin with tour keyboardist Jonathan Melvoin in a hotel room. Melvoin never woke up, and Chamberlin was arrested and subsequently fired from the band.  Filter drummer Matt Walker replaced Chamberlin on the rest of the tour. But Walker was never officially made a member of the band, and his presence on &quot;Adore&quot; is unremarkable, at best. Joey Waronker also was hired to do some drumming on the CD, making Walker's future with the band suspect.         Corgan insists the computerized rhythms on &quot;Adore&quot; are part of his growing fascination with electronica. But it's more likely that Walker was unable to match Chamberlin's inspired drumming, and Smashing Pumpkins' rock `n' roll power has suffered for it.  That's not to say that the song! s on &quot;Adore&quot; are bad. Corgan's sense of melody is intact, and the lovely arrangements lend a creepier edge to his dark vision on songs like &quot;Ada Adore&quot; (&quot;I'll pull your crooked teeth / you'll be perfect just like me.&quot;). Corgan still has the touch for epic tunes, especially the eight-minute composition for his dead mother, &quot;For Martha.&quot;  The electronic grooves propel the band on a few songs, including &quot;Perfect,&quot; &quot;Appels &amp; Oranjes&quot; and &quot;Pug.&quot;          But the album, except for &quot;Ava Adore,&quot; seldom rocks. Focused lyrics are not Corgan's strength, and the subdued arrangements make this weakness stick out.         Smashing Pumpkins' strength is big, grandiose songs, and fans looking for those will be largely disappointed. A Smashing Pumpkins CD with out a big sound is like driving a V-8 engine with four sparkplugs removed.  &quot;Adore&quot; will probably be to Smashing Pumpkins to what &quot;No Code&quot; was to Pearl Jam -- an unpopular album that barely goes platinum and nearly turns off its fan base for good. For a band that sets its commercial sights high like the Pumpkins, there is only one word for this comparison.  Ouch.
B000000W5L|5.0|When &quot;Exile on Main Street&quot; was first released in 1972, critics summarily dismissed it as a surrender to chaos and shoddy lifestyles. However, time has been kind to this recording: &quot;Exile&quot; has aged like a vintage wine. Keith Richards once said that &quot;Exile&quot; was the first Stones recording to be thoroughly non-British. The Stones - steeped in American roots music - jettisoned all manner of schmaltzy pop stylings and produced quite possibly the finest recording in rock-n-roll's brief history.      And that is as it should be: No band epitomizes rock music like the Stones.       Recorded in the basement of Keith Richards's posh home on the French Riviera (legend has it that the band illicitly tapped into a French railway for electricity) - and aided by such talents as Gram Parsons and Carl Perkins - the music abounds on &quot;Exile.&quot; Now having been digitally remastered, the album's depth is potently revealed. From the rough-and-tumble boogie of &quot;Rip this Joint,&quot; the country grace of &quot;Torn and Frayed,&quot; to the mellifluous gospel of &quot;Shine a Light,&quot; the Stones effortlessly shift musical gears.       Which is an ability long unnoticed in the Stones: They could play the Grand Ole Opry, the Apollo Theater, or a blues club on Beale St. without so much as a scintilla of difficulty.         The influence of &quot;Exile on Main Street&quot; can still be heard today - a testament to its timelessness and relevance. Its reverberations can be detected in such bands as the Black Crowes and Guns-n-Roses. (Both bands, incidentally, have opened for the Stones).      And they will be heard for as long as rock-n-roll is extant. &quot;Exile on Main Street&quot; is the finest moment for the most important band in rock history. Thus it belongs in every music lover's collection.
0670880728|1.0|Everybody recommended this book to me, but when I read it, I was very disappointed.  I had a few laughs throughout the book, but it wasn't as funny as I have heard.
0812550706|5.0|I've been reading through the reviews and have to say if you gave this book less than four stars your mentally insane or haven't read any books or have read way to many books.  I first read Ender's game at 9, that's right fourth grade, and probably liked it most because i could relate to the charachters.  Since then i've reread at least four times and each time my opinion changed.  Finally i realized that the book is really about how cruel society will be to pursue its goals.  I have to admit at times Card is preaching, especially in the added parts for the novel, but pretty much there's no babbling.<br />I have read several reviews in which Ender's game is compared to Dune and other SF greats.  Sure you can say that Dune had a better message or the like but Ender's game is completely different, its like comparing apples to oranges!<br />Finally for those of you saying that the idea of a six year old saving the world need to get a grip.  This is SF not real life, its not supposed to be totally realistic that's why you read this stuff, to get away from reality.  Besides Ender was 13 or 14 when he did it and there are prodigies such as this around the world today.  Card also hints at Genetic engineering to get to this end.  Anyways without Ender being a six year old Card would have been copying Starship Troopers.<br />There is no best SF book, you would be ignorant to classify a book as such but Ender's game ranks in the top fifty or twenty-five for sure.
0880381736|5.0|This is a great book, It has lots of character depth, tons of plot twists and plenty of other good book type things.  This book could be sold for $200 a copy, and I would still have boughten it to read again. The best part about the book, it never ends, it is the first and most important book to a series containg well over 80 books!
B000002BYD|5.0|I first heard Pearl Jam/yeild on the radio, and I instantly fell in love.  I was so desperate to get this CD that I rode my BIKE to the cd store.  Beautiful music.  I really like other pearl jam, including vitalogy, vs., ten, and the single yellow ledbetter, which is my #1 favorite song out of any artist.  Every time I hear the brain of J., in hiding, low light, wishlist, do the evolution, or all those yesterdays, I feel like I'm in heaven.  And the best thing about it is how obviously displayed all the contrast and team effort put in to it was.   The best pearl jam since vs.<br />P.S.  Simply wonderful.
B000001DVD|5.0|This was the first Def Leppard album I bought and &quot;cut my teeth on&quot;, so to speak.  Although they radically changed their style with their next album, &quot;High and Dry&quot; has none of the bubble gum crunch pop sound that critics  accuse them of playing.  Even though the songs are now classics, they are still models of what great rock can be.  Anything after that is only an encore.                  -A long time fan
0786209801|5.0|An excellent book for a couple of afternoons in my hammock.  Maybe I am an incorrigible cynic as well.  I read Oprah's choices sometimes, but this was so entertaining without requiring me to dissect my early childhood.  This book relaxed me and made me laugh. This and Gold Coast are my favorite DeMille's.Thanks.  What's next?
B0000009SI|5.0|There are a few albums that have always stood out in my mind as ones that no matter how many times I listen to them, they never lose their appeal. This album is one of them. Zappa at his best. Funny lyrics at times, but some real serious butt-kicking guitar licks that only Zappa can do. Every song is a winner - this is his best album ever.
B000005B0U|5.0|Dan Aykroyd is to be congratulated yet again. Whilst Dan is not the worlds greatest vocalist by any stretch of the imagination, the Blues Brothers band is a showband with some of the greatestever blues session musicians (and songwriters when you include the likes of Steve Cropper). It is no wonder that the likes of Ray Charles, James Brown, Cab Calloway, Sam Cooke, and Aretha Franklin were happy to participate in the recording of both soundtracks.  The Blues Brothers have brought Rhythm &amp; Blues kicking and screaming into mainstream music. On this album, Funky Nassau, and Turn on your lovelight are great examples of what Dan Aykroyd's Blues Brothers Showband is all about. Keep an eye on &quot;Maybe I'm Wrong&quot; by Blues Traveller - He's Good.
0899669433|4.0|Robert W. Chambers' &quot;The King in Yellow&quot; is a book within a book. Or, more properly, it's a collection of macabre short stories with a common theme; a fictional two-act play that brings decadence, hallucinations, and madness to any reader. <br />The stories within this collection, published in 1895, are set in a fictional militaristic 1920s in both the USA and Europe. The tales stand free of each other, and are told from a number of different perspectives, by socialites, soldiers, and artists. Each tells how the lives of the narrator and colleagues have been affected by reading &quot;The King in Yellow&quot;, a controversial play that has been denounced by the church and suppressed by governments. After coming into contact with it, their lives are tragically affected. Some find themselves hounded by shadowy agents, while others become confused and delusional. Others are driven to act out the play's sad and decadent events, while some simply go insane.  <br />The substance of the play itself is only alluded to, or hinted at in brief extracts. It is clearly a tragedy, but the motivations and actions of its central characters, including the mysterious King in Yellow himself, are not clear. Like many authors of macabre tales, Chambers was content for our imaginations to do the work, and this book is more powerful for it. <br />(And by the way, if the central theme of a forbidden book that induces insanity is familiar to you, you've probably read some of the Mythos tales of H.P.Lovecraft. In fact, I doubt that too many people come to read &quot;The King in Yellow&quot; by any other route; Chambers' book is clearly stated as a strong influence on Lovecraft's work.)<br />To be honest, I was shocked to find myself reading a book that was over a HUNDRED years old, an activity I had assumed was reserved for crusty academics and lovers of classical literature. But, more pointedly, I was surprised to find that &quot;The King in Yellow&quot; is a highly readable volume, full of entertaining, colourful and disturbi! ng tales with a very modern feel to them. <br />The only downside I found was that the final few stories lose the central theme. I found myself wondering if these thinner, romantic tales, were more representative of Chambers' other work, and were, in effect, &quot;fillers&quot;. But perhaps I missed the point? It is only this that stops me from awarding five stars to this impressive book.<br />Overall, if you've had a bellyful of today's crop of relentless gore and explicit sexuality, take a literary Alka Seltzer by checking out the &quot;King in Yellow&quot;. <br />It's a classic, and I'm not talking Jane Austen.
B000002ADT|5.0|miles plays at his coolest in Kind of Blue.
0345363132|5.0|I was given this book by a history teacher who also gave me other Sharon Kay Penman books to read.  I was pleasently surprised by this one.  I had previously read The Princes in the Tower by Alison Weir which had set my mind one way against Richard III.  This book gave me a new perspective and a desire to study more for myself what the King was truly like.
0553062182|5.0|The author explains how men and women are born with this trait and how unappreciated it is in this society while it is the norm in other socities. Amazing similiarities with the stories she says with my life and how to handle the overwhelming situations. Too bad, that more is not written or appreciated about HSP, reflecting the minority take advantage status of this market economy nation.
0385484518|5.0|&quot;Tuesdays with Morrie&quot;.... One of my favorite books, if not my favorite.  In my opinion, it was beautifully written.  Mr. Albom had the chance to focus on the pain and grief that he, Morrie, and Morrie's family was going through; but instead he decided to write about the lessons that Morrie tought him in his last days.  I found the book to be inspirational and a way to mold a persons life.  It gave me hope for the future, relief from the past, and helped me figure out how to live in the moment.  I feel that Morrie was an inspiration to all who knew him and now, thanks to this book, know him.  This book imortalized Morrie and has made millions of people feel good about themselves.  He teaches to live each day to the fullest as if it were your last.... &quot;Because once you learn how to die, then you learn how to live.&quot;
B000002GI0|5.0|I've been listening to this CD for over ten years and it stays fresh.  John Hiatt has a talent for expressing insight on experiences and emotions seldom expressed in songwriting and this CD is one of his best examples.  It runs a range of hard driving guitars and vocals to solo and soulful piano ballads.  If you're not completely familiar with Hiatt's work and are looking for a CD that demonstrates his full range of talent, this is it.
B000002G23|5.0|Sting is easily one of the best pop/rock-n-roll song writers in the history of the genra, and the great thing about this set is, it's all there baby. Sting wrote 99% the Police's music, and it shows because this box is phenominal. And for those of you who feel the pain of Andy Summers and Stuart Copeland here is a testament to thier grateness too. As the liner notes say &quot;it's all here...&quot; Every song ever released by one of the best bands ever, what more do you want. The thing is awesome.
B000002MZ6|5.0|I think that this is some of his best work so far.  The problem that I've had being a Mike Oldfield fan for the last 15 years is that his music is not for everyone. Well, that seems to have change with Songs of a Distant Earth, this music not only relates to the hardest Mike Oldfield fan, but to just about everyone else that I've play it to. (Even my wife who stated that she would never come to like Mike Oldfield)<br />It is similar in structure to Tubular Bell II, with its continuously changing moodes, but with a theme of God creating something new running through its length.
B000001ESJ|5.0|While virtually every album they've released has been enjoyable -- and some (i.e. Moving Pictures, Permanent Waves) are exceptional -- A Farewell To Kings has ended up as my favorite.  It's been 18 years that I've considered Rush to be the band I most enjoy listening to... I've listened to A LOT of Rush.  AFTK just has a mood to it... &quot;Xanadu&quot; and &quot;Closer To The Heart&quot; are monsters, among the finest rock songs ever recorded.  &quot;Cygnus X-1&quot; has Rush at their heaviest.  The album holds together as a whole, and bears up to years of listening.
0451167716|5.0|The book I'd rate as one of the best works of fiction I've ever read. You start reading the book with a feeling of immence hatred towards the mafia.. and then.. then you discover the character of Doc Corleone. The book provides an insight into the various methods used by the mafia. It proves very informative in areas such as providing an insight into the thoughts of a Don. You often find your self.. through the book.. questioning yourself as to whether you could do all that.. and whether infact this is wrong at all. Now if a book can inspire such feelings in you .. don't you think it's worth a try?? To say mroe about the book itself, the book centers around Don Corleone one of the most respected Dons. The book deals with how a person becomes a Don, what the qualities a Don *must* have and the functioning of a Don. The author builds up a sense of aura around the Don that you find him hard not to admire. All in all, it's a worthy read, it would add to anyone's literary intellect.
B000002MY3|3.0|I have to admit that this album recieved a lot of time in my cd player when i first bought it, but alanis is biginning to wear a little thin. Her &quot;intensly personal lyrics&quot; do not stand the test of time. Most of the time she sounds like she is whining. the real musical tallent found in this album is provided by glen ballard, who is a very good pop song writer. i'd like to hear an alanis album without glen, i bet it would be pretty weak.
B000000I0G|5.0|Mike,  Thanks for giving my father and I one of the only things we both appreciate.  I first heard this recording when I was a teen-ager.  My father used to borrow the album at night and listen with head-phones.  I lost it (let it be stolen)  three times since then, and will probably buy another copy from Amazon.
B000002HH2|5.0|This is one of the most amazing albums you will ever listen to. I literally spent an entire year listening to the entire CD before going to sleep. It never grows old, and you will be continually surprised each time you liten to it. Bjork has done many great things in the past, and her more recent albums are wonderful too, but POST remains the epitome of Bjork.
0060977493|5.0|I did buy this book with high expectations. Unlike other times, this book went way beyond my expectations. It is sheer poetry camaflouaged as fictional prose. Sure the crux of the story itself, may not be much. The rich visual tapestry she has worn around rural Kerala and India, her endearing story-telling, her very real, and very lovable characters, are what the book is about. The simplicity and ordinariness of the story, only augments and adds to the lyricism of her writing.<br />Arundhati Roy deserves all the attention and applause she has got, and more. I wonder though if some of the subtlety might be lost on the non-Indian readers. Despite that, I still highly recommend this rare, refreshing book, that is as subtle and welcoming as a drink of tender coconut water on a scorching hot day.
0375701427|5.0|Roth has provided us with an allegorical masterpiece of the past 50 years, with all of its wrenching changes. Although his focus  may be on an American Jewish-Irish family he touches  a nerve in all  immigrant groups who came, sought and found the American Dream.  But  alas, he forces us to see that dreams are elusive and cannot last. We  are buffeted by the times and circumstances in which we live.  They  control and form us.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Some of you might think I am going out on a limb when I say this, but I am not.  It is definitly the best album ever created.  There are 12 tracks on the CD, all of which are strong in every area, muscially and lyrically.  If you are to have only one CD in your collection, make it this one.
B000001GBJ|5.0|Try this album if ...  ... you like &quot;emotional music&quot; that pulls you into feeling joyous, expanded, positive and energized. ... you love a soaring violin that sings a deep-throated haunting melody. ... you like so-called New Age music.
B000000WCA|5.0|When I first heard this CD, I was surprised that so many great songs from the CD are practically unknown to anyone but those who have the CD.  Some of my favoritre songs are Wannabe, Say You'll Be There, Mama, and If You Can't Dance.  The Spice Girls and kinda like Hanson-you like 'em or you hate 'em.  I just happen to like 'em!
0784010188|5.0|Terminator 2: Judgement Day is still one of the best action movies I've ever seen.  It is one of the few movies where the sequel is better than the original.  This is definitely James Cameron's best work ever (Yes, better than the almighty Titanic), and is improved even more from the VHS version to DVD.  The plot is great, and it keeps you at the edge of your seat the entire time.  My only gripe is that the entire movie is set at night.      END
B000002A3T|2.0|As a longtime fan of the Floyd I of course bought this cd and found it BORING AS HELL to listen to. I was never a fan of Roger - Captain Ahab - Waters, but I agree with his saying the band died creatively many years ago. Also, with all these dozens of extra musicians playing one must ask: who the hell is Pink Floyd? The three remaining old men? All twenty people on this record? Answer: whatever sells! And millions of sentimental idiots like me forked over the $17.95 and listened hopefully to Son of Dark Side VII. Sure it sounds like &quot;Pink Floyd&quot; but moves me not at all. Dave, Rick and Dave should be able to retire Comfortably Numb after this. My copy is now in a used cd store; at least I got four bucks for it.
6303148352|5.0|Although the movie strayed a bit from the plot originally written by Micheal Crichton it stands on its own as a great work of entertainment. It makes an unbelievable story come to life with characters that you care about and action that keeps you hooked. This movie also broke new ground in the realm of computer graphics with dinosaurs that you never doubt are real.      END
B000006NPY|4.0|I am a hardcore Smashing Pumpkins fan.  To me, they are the undisputed Gods of grunge rock.  Mellon Collie &amp; the Infinite Sadness can be thought of as the bible of modern rock and yet, rather than continuing with their highly popular stylings displayed within that double album, the pumpkins did a 180 and showed that they can go to the extreme with a new techno passive album.  I loved they're ultimate grunge rock but I love what Adore has to offer just as much.  Why?  Because the Pumpkins are being true to themselves.  Billy, James, and D'arcy all agree that they don't beleive in grunge rock anymore--they don't feel it inside.  They beleived in it when that's what they played but they've moved past it.  And what is really inspiring is that the Pumpkins would rather break up than be untrue to themselves and their fans.  Adore may not be the crashing grunge rock which the legions of pumpkin fans love, but it does possess the potency of emotion that the pumpkins have always put into their music.  This is an album that will grow on you the more you listen to it.  Favorite Tracks: Pug, Ava Adore, Appels + Oranjes, Crestfallen.
B000002ULO|5.0|This is one of Paul's best CD's.  It has great songs in several styles, from ballads to sweet melodies to rock n roll!  There's lots of acoustic guitar, which really shows off his musical abilites.  He's done a great job of putting together the album, with himself playing most of the instruments.  It shows what great talent the man has!
B000002UAX|5.0|The Beatles are the most musicaly talented people the ever played and this album just go's to prove it more and more. I would highly suggest this album or and Beatles album to a person of any age!!!!
B000006NPY|5.0|When I first heard Ava Adore I was a little disappointed because I didnt like it but later, when I bought the CD, I realized it has the most beautiful songs Ive ever heard, like Behold!The nightmare, To Sheila and Blank Page. They just hipnotize me, I can listen to them over and over again. I know this album is not like any other they have done before but in some way, these songs remind me of some Gish and Siamese Dream songs like Spaceboy. Adore is great.
B000006NPY|3.0|The Smashing Pumpkins have recorded some fine songs in the past--both hard rock tunes, and ballads. But with &quot;Adore&quot;, the ballads become slower, lighter, and extremely dull. And I have also noticed that Billy Corgan's voice irritates me on this album, whereas it never did before. That's not to say this album is totally awful. A few of the more upbeat songs feature irresistible beats and melodies, but overall &quot;Adore&quot; is simply so-so.
B000002NHN|5.0|Despus de buscar por muchas partes del mundo una msica que fuera capaz de transportarnos hacia sitios mgicos, descubro esta obra de arte que debera ser pieza fundamental de cualquiera que se considere amante de la buena msica. Voz deliciosa y instrumentacin sobria, sin exageraciones, unidas a un gran sentimiento, dan como resultado un disco excelentemente logrado.
6302914191|5.0|The simple mystery of &quot;Who killed Laura Palmer ?&quot; is only the surface of a deep exploration into hidden worlds of good and evil with an incredibly colorful cast of characters mixed with director David Lynch's physical incarnation of metaphysical worlds and entities.<br />Even if you have seen the movie Fire Walk With Me (which answers the mystery), the series still has a grossly magnetic appeal as its characters' own stories and relationships unfold among a backdrop of Lynch's esoteric imagery. <br />Personally, I cannot get enough.  I have just watched the first tape of 5 episodes (which I borrowed while waiting for mine to arrive) and cannot wait to watch the rest. With lots of hidden symbols and images (check out some of the Twin Peaks websites via your favorite search engine), this series is worth(and requires) watching more than once.      END
0446310786|5.0|I read the book TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD by Harper Lee for a book report at school.  Once I got into the book, I loved it.  The storyline is very original and the characters were well developed.  I couldn't wait to turn the next page!  Harper Lee really captured the essence of that time and the peoples reactions to each other.
B000003S09|5.0|One of the all time great progressive rock albums ever.  It's an album that has stood the test of time very well.  King Crimson basically invented a new movement in rock music with this album and several great bands were born from it.  Those including but not limited to, Yes, Rush, ELP, UK, etc..  You should get the album that started it all.  You should get it now....  <br />What, you're still reading?  Order this sucker.
B000002I8D|5.0|Phil Collins has a voice that melts any girls heart, and it was never so effective as on this early work.  The songs are dramatic and gripping.  His voice is showcased best in serious songs such as these... his newer 'pop' titles can't hold a candle to this.  GOTTA BUY IT! :-D
B000002IQ9|5.0|I had no idea Phil Collins was held in contempt by the music world... but then again, I'm just your average Jane customer, not a music insider.  HE'S GREAT!  I only wish he had more serious songs, and less of the pop fluff... he's outstanding on dark, angst-filled themes, and even moody, first-love themes.  The songs on this albums are ALL worth listening to. :-)
B000002C25|2.0|I waited, and waited, and waited for this highly anticapated album last August. It finally came on August 26th and that anticapation turned into dissapointment. Don't get me wrong, I tried real hard to like this album. I listened to it over and over again, hoping I could will it to be another &quot;What's the Story Morning Glory?&quot;. But, the story was Be Here Now wasn't here at all. I don't know if was just me, but the music on this album seemed, uh, forced. The music, the lyrics, the album seemed forced. It seems like these guys where trying way too hard to be like that great band from England in the past, come on we know who they are. But, the truth is Oasis was no where near that level with this album. It seemed more like a cheap imitation of fine quality prouduct. It seemed kind of thrown together and the music and lyrics seemed repetitive. Well, it just wasn't a good album. We all know the potenial of these guys; Morning glory was great album. But, the question is, can these guys get there act together and stop bickering put out some good albums like Morning Glory? I don't know. I guess only time will tell. But, if they continue putting albums together like this one it doesn't look hopeful.
B000002UJQ|5.0|The only two words I can use to describe this inovative alubm is simply brilliant. I'll go as bold to say it is the best album I have ever listened to. Please don't hit me, yes better then any of the Beatles albums;White Alubm,Sgt. Pepper, Abbey Road. I'm a huge of the beatles,so that's saying alot. I've had this C.D. since it's release last summer, and it hasn't left my C.D. player once. This masterpiece gets better and better each listening, no kidding. There's not one bad song on this album and every song is vital as this album sways you along on a 60 minute emotional journey that has you asking for more. This album is MUST add to anyone's C.D. collection. O.K. Computer is not just music album, it's an experience.
B000002H97|5.0|I think that this is Metallica's best. They slowed down a little, but that just emphasized some of the great lyrics. It is at times both chillingly methodical and hauntingly complex, and the gritty vocals and grinding, heavy, dark rhythms really make this one of the greats. And of course there are a couple tracks of old-style metal to really make you want to go out and kick some a**. Looking for what metal is really about? Look no further.
B000005DQR|5.0|Understated cool...tense, ambient, brooding, and very moody. So completely different from anything else called &quot;hip hop&quot;. Listenable, accessable, eclectic. One of my ten best albums.
B0000069NM|5.0|My taste in jazz harkens back to to the Miles Davis brand of 'cool' with Sketches of Spain as a marker. I haven't heard anything since then that really got my attention. This CD has me standing up and saluting. Thanks to public radio for the introduction.
B000006OAM|5.0|Natalie Merchant has again produced a collection of soulful and introspective pieces which touch us at every level. From the blues of loves lost to the beauty of thankfulness for the good in all our lives, her longing voice carries her penetrating messages directly to our thirsty hearts. Bravo Natalie!
B000002KAT|5.0|Thank God for Irish culture.  The greatest album ever.
0312853238|5.0|Ender's Game is one of the most entrancing books I have ever read.  It capture's the imagination and carries you away.  It deserves all 10 stars.  However, OSC's follow-ups to this novel left me feeling utterly depressed as they were in no way able to measure up to the story, or the writing, exhibited in Ender's Game.  In my opinion, don't bother reading any of the other books of the series, just re-read Ender's Game.
B000002AV5|5.0|Perfect choice for a romantic evening indoors with your lover...
B000002MY3|5.0|Alanis has a great voice that really fits well with her music.  Despite a lot of people's comments on how her voice is untrained, I think she is one of the best sounding vocalists out there.
0399128964|5.0|I first read &quot;Dune&quot; when it first came out around 20 years ago (yes I could go get one of my several copies and look up the exact date, but I am in the basement and they are upstairs--I know you understand).  I have re-read the book so often that I have worn out four copies of it.  I waited for was years for Frank Herbert to write another book on the Dune saga.  I am sorry that he is dead and there will be no more--at least from his mind--I would not mind being a ghost writer for him and continue the saga.   What I especially like about Dune are the religious factors brought into play, the emphasis on mental powers instead of technology--even though that was very advanced; the Bene-Gesserit, the Emperor Shaddam and his daughter Irulin, the Freman, the spice, and of course the mighty sandworms.  I appreciate the writing ability of FRank Herbert and his drawing on many historical, scientific, cultural, and religious sources to create memoralble plot and characters.  I especially love his use of delightful irony--like the fact that the deadly sworn enemies like Harkonnens and Atreides are really very closely related.  As are the Freman and the Saudakaur troops.  Any way, if you saw the movie and did not like or understand it, read the book and then see the movie again--Patrick Stewart make one heck of a Gurney Hallick.  And there are many other recognizeable faces--if you like twin peaks, famous german and swedish actors, etc.  The whole series is good, but the first book &quot;Dune&quot; is best with the third one, &quot;Children of Dune&quot; very good as well.  I do not like the 2nd becuse I do not like what Herbert does with Paul. If you at all like science fiction or historical drams, you will really enjoy &quot;Dune&quot;.  If you really thought it sucked and are willing to have an open mind about it, e-mail me, and I will try to change your mind.
B000002UAX|5.0|I think that the white album is the greatest &quot;CD&quot; ever. It has a ton of variety.
0679441018|5.0|The critics are all wet on this one, it's a fantastic read.  Ms. Rice, as usual, displays incredible creativity as she continues to construct this wonderful universe in her mind.  She does not write very well, but her ideas are transcendant.  If only she would collaborate with Stephen King, who can write but is apparently burned out of ideas. . .
0440224764|4.0|This book had me hooked from word one.  I would tell myself that I would put it down at the end of a chapter but found myself unable to do it because I just had to know &quot;what next?&quot;.  To make the story work, Grisham had to find a way for us to have sympathy for Patrick. We had to find a reason to forgive him for the wrongs he committed that got him into his predicament.  Grisham did an outstanding job of doing this. He let it all out slowly,  one bit at a time throughout the book, leading us on.  This slow revelation along with it's fast pace and intricate plot kept the pages turning.<br />BUT... he just couldn't leave well enough alone.  The ending left me feeling angry.  I was up until 1 am unable to put the book down until I finished it.  As I finished, I found myself staring at the last page and turning to the next... there had to be more.  He couldn't end it like that, could he?  I resisted the strong urge to throw the book across the room and calmly set it on the table and walked to bed with my mouth hanging open in disbelief.  The ending was an extreme let down to an otherwise wonderful book.  I hope Grisham doesn't do that to us again.
B000002JBG|4.0|I really enjoyed this CD.  It has a good variety of rap and pop music.  I love how the songs are of all differant varieties, so if you don't like rap, you still might like the CD.  Good Job!
0440111498|5.0|Every single person I've loaned it to has kept the book.  I've purchased at least 10 copies over the years (not everyone deserves it whether for good or bad).  I worship the ground Kurt Vonnegut walks on, and the is the ONLY book he ever needed to write, well this and God Bless You, Mr. Rosewater.
0812550706|4.0|This book was a great page turner that definitely kept my interest.  I enjoyed the psychological view of Ender's progression thru training.  Some of the other characters seemed rather one-dimensional and needed further development.  Though the plot was for the most part fast paced and maintained my interest at times details that seemed relatively important were skipped entirely.  I felt like the post battle parts were a rush to finish a late assignment in the alloted number of pages.  They amounted to what seems like a rough outline for a sequel.
B0000025NU|5.0|Songs in the Attic is my favorite Billy Joel album.  He recorded it to save for posterity some of his favorite songs, which he though sounded a lot better live then the studio versions he had released earlier.  Boy, was he right!  Check out a ripping version of &quot;Capt. Jack,&quot; as well as some amazing piano playing on &quot;Billy the Kid.&quot;  He closes the album with &quot;I've Loved These Days,&quot; a song which showcases Billy at his wistful, sentimental best, but with a hint of the dark side of his younger days still showing through.  I still think of my last days of high school everytime I hear it.  If you are a fan of Billy Joel and have not heard this masterwork, do yourself a favor and check it out.  You'll be glad you did.
B00000612G|4.0|Quite a departure from Richie's previous solo effort, Undiscovered Soul has more of a soft country rock feel, reminiscent in parts of John Mellencamp.  I liked this album, although I think he's played it safe and the songs have much of the same feel to them.  I would have liked a few rockier numbers to contrast and better showcase his obvious talent.  However, as a fledgling solo effort I think it shows promise and look forward to seeing his further development as a solo singer/songwriter.
B000002MFE|3.0|Clapton doing what he does best- copying the blues- nicely done but.... go buy some Robert Johnson, Muddy Waters, Lightnin' Hopkins and such and then come back to Unplugged and you may find it lacking.  Oh well-
0670880728|1.0|Who wants to read about a thirty something woman whining about gaining a pound? Not me! Bridget was not an original character, nor was she a strong one. I had gotten to around page fifty when I could not make myself read another word of it. I took the book back. A book may not need to be a revelation of the human psyche, but if it's going to be this bad, it could at least be funny! Maybe then I wouldn't laugh at how poorly it's written.
0671004107|1.0|I didn't see the film but I read the book and was disappointed.  Sagan's agent walked into his office and said &quot; You have to do a work of fiction.&quot; to which he replied &quot;I can do that, I'll just put a couple of characters into COSMOS!&quot; I am awed by the amount of 5 star reviews that are here. Sagan seemed to have overwhelming optimism that humans might one day explore the stars, after reading the reviews of this book, I can only conclude that if these are the same people who show interest in said exploration than perhaps the galaxy is better off having these slack-jawed troglodites gravity bound to their homeworld.
B000002HMH|5.0|To evolve is to suvive. Sure, Metallica could have re-written variations of the metal of their previous records, but with Load they showed their critics the real breadth of their talent. Lyrically and musically more diverse than anything before, Load takes Metallica storming onwards towards the new millenium. Totally recommended
0823016285|5.0|This is a wonderful, unique resource for any artist depicting human heads and faces.  As a professional who needs to recreate realistic human expressions in the computer, I keep it by my desk.  Every step, from initially designing the head to every muscle involved in a pose, is explained and illustrated in detail.
B000002HRE|5.0|This album has been overbashed and is underrated very much.  It doesn't match up to ...And Justice For All, but its still great stuff, ranking up there with the black album.  The lyrics aren't quite as great, but the musical theory and feel they put in are! This is the music that Metallica will not be remembered by, but nevertheless will be remembered as Metallica, if you get my meaning.
015626224X|3.0|George Orwell's Down and Out in Paris and London is a very down to earth novel.  It's about a man who describes his struggles with poverty and injustice.  His life makes us think about how lucky we are to have homes and food, etc.  His feelings are so open and depressing.  He will put up with anything and anybody just to get some money for some food and a bed to sleep in.  This novel is brilliantly written through the eyes of a  poor man.  It makes you think differently about yourself.  It's an excellent book that is written with so much simple force.
B000001BX0|5.0|An excellent CD, with a great variety of styles (Hip-Hop, Rap, R&amp;R...). A very interesting mixture of Spanish and English, what makes their superb lyrics even more intense. I love it and I extremely recommend it.
0345363132|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this book!  It is very well-written (I am a picky reader), endlessly captivating, and motivated me to want to study the true historical context.  The characters so came to life for me that I actually felt emotionally involved in the lives of both Edward and Richard and even mourned for their deaths.  I rarely find an author I would rate with 5 stars, but Penman deserves every one of them.
B000002UJQ|5.0|its kind of ridiculous that we're all filling out reviews for radiohead cause its obvious that anyone who has had the pleasure to listen to them will fall madly in love with everything they spawn off. theyre just completely beautiful. all their cds are completely beautiful.
B000002L9M|3.0|This album was recorded when Martin Gore's sister killed himself, reflecting this particular fact in most of the songs of the album. This LP introduces hits that will be reviewed later on 101, such as Sometimes, A question of Lust, etc. It's a good album, but it isn't representative of the entire DM music.
B000002H6C|5.0|This is Metallica's BEST album, bar none.   Blackened, ...And Justice For All, Eye Of The Beholder, One, and To Live Is To Die are all some of Metallica's greatest! The guitar solos are great, the acoustic guitar parts are near genius, the lyrics are outright and just tell you what the heck is wrong with us!  Don't get me wrong, this is not pro-death at all, this is telling us NOT to be so destructive to earth... TO OURSELVES!
B000000OUE|5.0|This album has a complete, and wide aray of sounds from techno style beats to screeching riffs on J's guitar. There is nothing else better than this CD, unless you buy Lasexorsisto Dev Music VOL. 1... Which has a more classic hard core grind to the music that makes you want get up and scream and &quot;Burn an X in your head!&quot;  -Rob Zombie- <br />Add this album to your must buy list!
B000000OMB|4.0|Their best selling debut, and probably their only real commerical success. So why are they still going on today? Simple-they were ahead of their time. Four great musicians from three of the greatest and most influential rock bands of the seventies form a supergroup that evolves over the next seventeen years to the point where their success is not the kind you hear about on MTV or VH-1 but the kind you read about in Spin and Pulse magazine. But whatever, they're still making great music after almost two decades and God knows how many line-ups.
0553208845|5.0|In terms of writing talent, Hesse is other-worldly.  Magnificently written, Siddhartha is a must-read for members of the Human race.
B000006045|4.0|heavy and dark, but good.
0899663036|5.0|When I was 13 a good friend sugested I read A Tree Grows in Brooklyn.  Now I'm 24 and I know I've read it a couple dozen times.  Whenever I start to think that life is too much and not worth it I read this book and it remindes me that miracles do happen.  I love it!!!
0385472951|4.0|it seems that Grisham was aiming this book for the big screen again since he twisted the scenario and plot to the extreme and so evasively by not letting Lanigan clarify the murder case every time when he was asked by whosoever; his old judge friend, his lawyer Sandy...until the final chapters came but just by using a corpse as an easy way out for Lanigan and the writer himself. The final chapter of ultimate betrayal turned out to be very sad yet very illogically put... The dramatic ending was just one of the overdone twists of the plots. Quite fun for trying so hard to grap readers' attention but not a good mean to do so repeatedly often.
B000002NJS|5.0|Madonna continues to evolve with her music. Maybe perhaps her best album yet, her tracks like Frozen, and Ray of Light are perhaps two of my favorite Madonna tracks of all time. Not only are those two tracks great, but the rest of the album full of ambient, dance music makes this album one of the best albums I've ever heard. I recommend it to any fan even those who hate Madonna. She has turned from a diva to a legend.
0790729636|1.0|A good rent &amp; watch once just for the DVD sound (assuming you have a good reciever &amp; subwoofer), but the story is insipid and unrealistic.  END
0670880728|5.0|ALL THE GOOD THINGS PEOPLE SAY ABOUT THIS BOOK ARE IF ANYTHING UNDEREXAGGERATED.  POOH ON THOSE WHO CAN'T LIGHTEN UP ONCE IN A WHILE AND READ A BOOK THAT ISN'T FULL OF DESPAIR AND PROFUNDITY.  HAVE SOME FUN! ADMIT IT'S AT LEAST PARTLY TRUE IN CONTENT (V. MUCH IF YOU ASK ME).  THE ONE THING I REALLY RECOMMEND IS TO LISTEN TO THE AUDIO TAPE VERSION ALSO.  TRACIE BENNETT BROUGHT BRIDGET TO LIFE IN THE MOST ENTERTAINING AND LOVEABLE WAY.
B000002JKA|5.0|Dream Theatre's second album on this label is there best work to date, it has something for everyone.  From the pulse pounding &quot;LIE&quot;, to the ballad with feeling &quot;Space Dye Vest&quot; you can be sure to have a favorite crusing tune.  For the Musicians out there, you'll love &quot;Erotomania&quot;, ALL INSTRUMENTAL!
B000003N7G|5.0|This recording is the most sublime work put to tape. Coltrane's legacy is best summed up in this transcendent document of spiritual pursuit and meditiation.  His band mates, particularly Elvin Jones, provide a rich context for Trane's musings on the mystery of existence.  There is nothing better than to light a candle and listen.
B000006NPY|5.0|Smashing pumpkins has proven time and again that they can change with the times.  Adore is yet another example.  Although not the same as their previous albums, there is still the same feel of the pumpkins.  Ava Adore is an excellent song.. Daphne Descends is right up there with it.  Although some people may think this album sounds nothing like the pumpkins, they are incorrect, as their sound if you follow them has always been changing.
044022165X|5.0|The story is new and fresh. It really hooks you onto it once you strat reading Language is good and comprehensible. Feelings are fully developed in the story. Problems keep emerging for Rudy Baylor, that why it's so interesting!
0140187537|5.0|This book is easily one of the best I've ever read, and I've read quite a few! It's captivating and it's different. It deals with middle class morality and a man's struggle with it, or is it for it? It is very profound and the style of the prose is pure 24-carat gold. This book scores very high both on subject matter and presentation. Vintage Steinbeck!
B000000W5N|5.0|For the REAL Rolling Stones fans out there who aren't into fancy adjectives from the typical music critic.  Buy this CD only if you can turn it up loud and have no place to go.  Once you hit play, you'll want to listen all the way through.
0802713319|5.0|Great read.I was highly impressed by the fluency of the book. The author has tackled the insides of a very difficult and incomprehendable field not only in a manner that it come to grips with the lay persons but also in a way that he has happened to show the adventures and the joy of doing mathematics! Which is a feat in itself. Every now and then he takes us to the history of Mathematics and it's fore-bearers in such a way that it comes entwined with the history of mankind. I loved it the way he has successfully showed in the end that how the story of Fermat's Theorem has it's roots from the time of Pythagora's and how eventually Andrew Wiles takes the route of the mathematics from that of Greeks to Euler,to Euclid to Gauss and all the way to Shamura and Tanyaman to this day in the 90's; he makes one full circle, in solving this most difficult problem of mathematics.Bravo!  However I did find one peice of historical narration out of place in the book which I'd like to point out over here, because if I don't, this review would not be of justice. The author while describing the granduer of the famous library of Alexandria has quoted that the library was brought down to it's demise first by the christians and then later by the Muslim conquerer Hazrath Umer Farooq in the 7th century AD. However the American Historian Hitti in his famous book &quot;The Arabs:A short History&quot; has dealt with this myth in his words:&quot;The story that by Caliph's order Amr for six long months fed the numerous bath furnaces of the city with the volumes of the Alexandrian library incidentally, makes a good fiction but bad history.The great library was burned as early as 48 BC by Julius Ceaser. A later one reffered to as the Daughter Library,was destroyed about AD 389 by the Roman Emporer Theodosius.At the time of the Arab conquest, no library of importance existed in Alexandria and no contemporary writer ever brought the charge against Amr or Umer.(Pg70). So I really don't know where the author got his source of inform! ation on this matter, and I think I'd be justified to ask him that in the name of History the author should correct himself in the later editions of this book.
B000002NJS|5.0|Madonna made a wise decision to push her music forward by working with William Orbit on this album.  Just because this album may not sound like the old Madonna, it doesn't mean the music is not any good.  Madonna has never revealed so much of herself as she does in _Ray_of_Light_.  She sounds less angry and more personal.  I absolutely love this album and highly recommend it.
B000002H70|5.0|This is by far my favorite Cure record.  It's the only CD that I own that I don't skip songs on...everything flows, the mood is never interrupted, and the words conjure images as clear as photographs in the listener's mind.  The Cure excel musically on this record as few bands ever will, and the poignancy and wistfullness of Robert Smith's words is touching, moving and exhilarating.  Behind the tapestry of instrumental genius lies a raw emotion seldom found in rock music.  I recommend this CD to anyone who doesn't already own it; this is one record that makes the listener participate in the artist's vision.
0440224764|4.0|I am not a Grisham aficionado, but I've enjoyed each book of his that I have read.  I began The Partner on a Thursday, and finished it the following Saturday, so as riveting reading, this is no exception.  Grisham is compelling in twisting plots, although he has taught us to look for the twist.  Grisham's wry observations about lawyerly behavior and his obvious dislike of the press are also traits we've come to expect.  That is why, after 2 days of red-eyed reading, I came to the end of the book and said, &quot;I was afraid of that.&quot;  The foreshadowing could not be ignored, nor was it subtle.  Still, this book is perfect for beach days, slow Sundays, or long waits in the jury room!
B000005S5N|5.0|A-HA's second release is definitely my favourite. Although at the time of it's release they were seen as poser heartthrobs, this record is much more intense than the previous debut, &quot;Hunting High and Low&quot;. Some of this album is really quite moody, and although Pal Waktaar and Mags write all the songs, vocalist Morten Harket's amazing voice really captures the words. There are some quite weak tracks here though, like &quot;Maybe Maybe&quot; which is really just pop-trash filler, but others like &quot;Scoundrel Days&quot; and &quot;The Soft Rains Of April&quot;,  more than make up for it. This record proved that the world should take a-ha a bit more seriously, because the were much more than pretty faces.  Basic overview... Great synth-pop masterpiece that is instantly likeable, and will soon become essentially loveable with fantastic vocals, excellent production, and varying moods.
B000006NPY|5.0|Thank God the Smashing Pumpkins realized that their more mellow stuff is key--&quot;1979,&quot; &quot;Disarm,&quot; etc.  ADORE is angelic and moving.  Though it may not be the masterpiece MELLON COLLIE AND THE INFINTE SADNESS but there's no need to compare.  From the sweetly sad &quot;Once Upon A Time&quot; to the darker &quot;Ava Adore,&quot; ADORE is a CD that stands on it's own.
0790729636|4.0|If you're looking for a smart action movie with actors that deserve Academy awards, this isn't you're movie.  However, if you're looking for a fun, adventurous movie with great special effects and a decent storyline that will atleast keep you watching to the end, then Twister is one of the best.  Hunt and Paxton not only convey the emotional danger behind the oncoming of the twisters but also, as stormchasers, display a giddy, child-like wonder for tornadoes.  If you're watching on DVD, expect thunderous movie-theater sound that makes the fantastic twisters roar to life, which should add plenty of replay value to your movie.  Also, selecting a particular scene to jump to will come particularly useful here, unlike some other DVD titles.  If your the only one on the block to own a DVD player, this is a great title to show off.      END
0684874350|4.0|I found Angela's ashes to be funny, engaging, sad, horifying and a lesson to all women who have ever loved a man unable to hold a job.  <br />Franks tale is one of unimaginable loss and survival told with an edge of humor.  If you liked James Joyce (which I do NOT), you will love this book.  <br />My overriding problem was the chopy writing style considered sophisticated and &quot;cool&quot; by up and coming writers.  As a reader, I find it distracting and anoying.  <br />Once I got past the stylistic white-caps, I found the book to be educational and enjoyable.  I recommend this book, especially to the older audience (there is adult material).  I hope you laugh, and cry, with Frank and his family.
0316921173|5.0|IJ is probably the best piece of fiction written in the ninties.  Challenging but worth the effort, the storytelling itself underlines one of the subtle premises of the book; namely that Americans have had their attention spans burned out due to the instant gratification of television and other modern entertainment.  This story will grip you by the throat and force you to think more deeply about what it means to be a tv-adled American.  The dedication it takes to stick the story out to the end and grasp all the varied threads as they  coalesce is well worth the effort.  A superbly crafted work that stimulates and challenges even the most jaded reader.  Don't skip the footnotes!
0062502182|1.0|If you love Proust, Thomas Mann, Robert Musil, Virginia Woolf, Hermann Broch or Thomas Pynchon, you will not like &quot;The Alchimist&quot;. This is not literature. The plot is entirely borrowed from Jorge Luis Borges. The writing is as bad in portuguese as mine is in english. Save your money and save the good literature in our language. Dont buy it.
B000002HAJ|4.0|From screaming anguish to childlike joy, this set by the Cure immediately pulls you in for a trip trough the swings and binges of Robert Smith's soul.  The Cure have always provided great music supporting honest lyrics, and this is one of their best discs.
0062502182|4.0|In its own way, this was a good book for many reasons. It told of a tale about an Andalusian (Spain) boy (Santiago) whose father wanted him to be a Priest. After many years of study (age 2 to 16), the boy got up the courage to tell his father that he would rather travel than be a Priest.  At this point, the boy becomes an unusually literate shepherd who has a dream about his destiny consisting of finding treasure far away across the Sahara Desert in Egypt near the Pyramids.  Many times in our lives we don't learn directly about something but rather our hearing a story will teach us its message effortlessly.  What is so meaningful about this book is what we learn from the perilous travels and events of Santiago told as a distant story and this in itself becomes a series of valuable lessons for us as readers.  For example, seeking one's dreams or destiny, paying heed to omens and our intuitions, listening to one's heart or concentrating on the present are just a few mentioned here. It is not that we don't already know of these concepts nor would many of us find a dream about crossing the Sahara Desert (3000 miles) on a camel's back very appealing!  The faraway nature of the tale itself makes the story's lessons about that which we already subconsciously know come alive and useful in our everyday life.  In my business life, for example, I have become more aware and pay greater heed to signs and omens.  Memories of Santiago's story have become everyday visions for me, which serve as vivid reminders to listen to my heart more attentively in times of making decisions about ways to go.  This was a good book too for us, father and son to read together. The simple tale in itself facilitated the transcendence of wisdom about the world from father to son.
0670880728|3.0|I was really looking forward to this book thinking I'd be laughing non-stop as I had been for Divine Secrests of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood -- but I felt let down.  Maybe I just get British humor, but this book is not very funny.  Bridget is insecure and pathetic -- I just wanted to tell her to get a life and stop obsessing!   But I did like this book because it's a fast easy read -- perfect for the summer!  A no-brainer.  And I could relate to Bridget on some level.  But, I certainly couldn't be her friend -- her insecurity would drive me batty!
0670880728|5.0|I sent off to the U.K. for this book last winter following a review on CNN.  I loved it! I found the narrator charming (in her obsessive/compulsive sort of way!), the commentary about 90's choices for career/relationships/family/social-life realistic with a witty perspective and I loved the calorie and cigarette counts! A must-read for any woman who feels her that her life takes charge of her and feels as though she's the only one it's happening to. The narrator kept me intrigued and amused. I LOVED THIS BOOK and am so glad it's now available in the U.S.!
0812550706|5.0|This was the best book I have ever read.  I got so caught up in the book I read again as soon as I had finished.  This one is a must read for sure - even for anyone who doesn't like science-fiction.
B000002KYK|1.0|This cd is the &quot;orchestrated&quot; version-- get the 1994 release &quot;Blade Runner- Vangalis&quot; instead. Unlike this one, the Vangalis version has his original recording of his score. It's much MUCH better.
B000002MZ6|5.0|I read this book a long time before Oldfield created this soundtrack to the concert, but it fits in every way. What a stunning performance. If you haven't read Arthur C Clarke's Songs of Distant Earth then listen to this. If you have read it then you will be exhilerated by the music. This CD has become a favorite gift of mine, as it seems to have something for everyone.
0060977493|4.0|The heat  of India is palpable and like the sluggish but powerful river that runs through the narrative the emotional life of the twins is sometimes calm and sweet and at other times a typhoon of fear and longing.  The reader gains insight into the castes and culture of India while experiencing the universal emotions of childhood.
0451167716|5.0|This book was just amazing, once I opened it I could not put it down.  If you have seen the movie you must read the book because the movie is not even close to being as good as the book.  I felt like I knew the characters, and was involved in the story myself.  The story is about power and honor, things in life everyone can relate to, all though not in such a big way.  You must read it.
B000005RS9|5.0|The Import version of Pink Floyd's Piper at the Gates of Dawn is worth the extra money, because it's higher quality. It is a mono recording, but it is mastered better.
0441172717|5.0|The book Dune and the series that followed is to me the best sci-fi ever written. I originally read Dune 25 years ago at the age of 15. (Before sci-fi was considered cool, or received big-budgets for films) It really blew my mind then and opened my eyes to the use (and abuse) of power and religion. When I heard that a movie was being made of it, I eagerly awaited it's release. While the effects were great, I feel that because of the scope of the book, the movie never really got off the ground. And when I saw what they had done to the character of the Baron von Harkonnen, I almost left the theater! To take the darkest, most evil, powerful and cunning of villians ever created and turn him into a prancing, drunken idiot really pi**ed me off!  I felt that the director must never have read the book to so completely miss the mark! Well, that aside, a close tie for Dune itself is the last in the series: Dune:Chapterhouse
0140379851|5.0|Roald Dahl at his best! I have read a few of his books and none can compare as well as &quot;Matilda.&quot; Even as Roald Dahl is my favorite author and I have always ejoyed his every word in each book, this one tops them all! When I had first glanced upon the book's cover, I wasn't quite sure if I would enjoy it or not, but I tried it anyways because it sounded interesting. (It was the first Roald Dahl book I had ever read which started me up.) When I began to read it, I was overwhelmed with pure pleasure. If I were asked to sum it up all into two words, it would be &quot;Marvellously clever!&quot; As I read it, it was smiles all the way through! I am positive that most anyone of all ages will enjoy this as much as I have with the same reaction. Another word of advice: The more you read it, the better it gets! I've read it THREE TIMES! For those planning to read it: ENJOY!!!
B000000WF0|3.0|&quot;Bittersweet Symphony&quot; is a great song, and the 2nd cut is a nice ballad-like tune. Otherwise, the album is kind of hit or miss. Many tunes just have no punch. I have nothing against the members of the band catchin' a buzz every now and then, but not if this is the effect it has.
B000000QG8|5.0|When it comes to Blues-rock albums from the '70's, this is my all-time favorite. From the energetic  opener &quot;Cradle Rock&quot; to the haunting &quot;A Million Miles Away&quot; to the one-two punch of &quot;Walk on Hot Coals&quot; and &quot;Who's That Coming&quot; as the finale, this is pure passion from an outstanding 25 year old (at the time) guitar slinger. It's unfortunate in our &quot;hit&quot; oriented world that more people didn't discover Rorys talent, but this is the perfect place to start. A fabulous album!
B000002AH7|5.0|When I first heard this disc I was floored.  The first track, Concierto de Aranjuez, just sweeps you up with its rising tones and rich textures.  In a way it puts you right in the middle of Spain,.  There are no breaks between the tracks, so the recording is seamless. The most poignant point of the album, and a shining example of Mile's virtuosity, is the lonely, wailing solo on Solea that goes into a triumphant processional.  You can hear notes being missed in the processional, but it is the mood of urgency and passion that seems to be more important.  The song  and its Spanish cultural purpose is well explained in the liner notes.  The final song, Saeta, gracefully fades out the recording.  This is my favorie Miles joint.  He's got so many greats, especially his collaborations with Gil Evans (Miles Ahead, Birth of the Cool), but this takes the cake.
B000002I2M|5.0|L.A Woman is one of the better cds I have ever heard. Growing up in the 60's. Understanding The Doors and the times that I grew up, in they told it as it was, and never sold out like some people in my generation who are greedy and money hungry.Their bluesy music came from Jim's Love of the Blues and this cd is an example of Jim's wanting to get away from everything that was being misinterpreted about him. I still love The Doors and their music is timeless.
0790729628|5.0|BRDC is, in my opinion, one of the greatest sci-fi films ever made. But what troubles me is that this movie could have been more if its makers were given a few million dollars more. Even though there are a very noticable amount of errors (script inconsistancies, dubbing, visual problems), this movie still shines from a VERY solid performance by Dutch actor Rutger Hauer, who plays Roy Batty, the lead of his replicant clan. Another solid performance is given by Joe Turkle, who plays God with his character, Eldon Tyrell.  If you live for visuals in movies, this movie will have you spellbounded. From the opening scene, you are treated to 2 hours of pure bliss. CG scenes and miniatures are eye candy, and enhances the movie's feel.  Ridley Scott's futuristic epic is a must for anyone who even remotly enjoys a good sci-fi flick. I think the film should be redone, and retrofitted with better F/X, have the scenes and characters who were deleted due to budget cuts, and have the parallel story that is in WESTWOOD STUDIOS' adaption of the movie. Both are astounding and will forever hold a place on my shelf, and in my heart.  END
0679446230|5.0|If you have ever wanted to broaden your perspective by considering another culture, Things Fall Apart is your ticket.  Achebe draws the reader into a deep understanding of the tribal culture of pre-colonial Nigeria and one can't help but appreciate it's subtlety and nobility.  The heroes on both sides of Achebe's struggle are classically flawed, but it makes very compelling reading.  It is impossible not to be affected by this book!
B000001FI7|5.0|Ah, hello again my little hypothetical lovechildren, and may you grace my words with your seering eyes as we venture passed the cliches of yet another genre. Whatever do you mean uncle Tal? You ask, well, fear not, for I will tell. For every genre there is a definitive album, as James Brown is the godfather of soul, Portishead are the communal godparents of trip hop. Take mad dumb retarded hiphop beats and put a jazzelle diva's mourning hurtful pained anger-love-lust driven vocals on top. Add James Bond and surf-guitar riffs (which reemerged thanks to Quentin and his pulp dogs), and then, some electronic tweeks and twangs, and now, feel sorry for yourself, but smile. Kindof like the blues on acid but with urban beats and a jazzy silhouette. Yummy, if this don't beat mommy's tapioka pudding, there is no cure for a rainy day.
0812550757|5.0|This is the second Orson Scott Card novel I've read; I read it to find out if I like his work or not.  The first novel that I read (The Treasure Box) was so fantastically weird that I immediately went to the library to find more.  I started reading it last night about 9:00.  Bad call, since I stayed up until 12:30 to finish it.  I was impressed with his characterization.  The people and piggies in the book were so real to me that they haunted my dreams, only fragments of which I still remember.  By the way, I've decided that I like his books, and plan to read more!
B0000062S0|5.0|Last year Page and Plant played an outstanding show at the Gorge in Eastern Washington. With the release of this album, most Page Plant fans will be anxiously awaiting watching the sun drop down behind the band while on stage. Walking into Clarksdale is an album which grows with each and every listen: Pages layering is subtle in the beginning, but the riffs are there! plant still has the skills of a wordsmith, and with a somewhat mellower voice, invokes many emotions. If you ever liked Led Zep, you should love this one!!!
0345363132|5.0|Everyone here has already expressed my enthusiasm for Sunne in Splendour. But I did want to add yet another five-star rating just on the chance that Sharon Kay Penman might see this page.   A job well done. As I neared the end of your novel I paused to see when you had published it. (1982) thinking of the craftsmanship and work put into your writing and how satisfying it must have felt to hold the first print in your hands.   I also found myself relating Richard's experiences and responses with my own 20th century life especially in the areas of self-honesty, integrity, relationships, and appreciating love.   This is a fine piece of work, one that I didn't want to see end. I'm please to have so many other Sharon Kay Penman books ahead of me, ready to explore and ponder.   Thank you Sharon Kay Penman.
B000001EAQ|5.0|My friend R., a guy with a fantastic ear, introduced me to Eric Dolphy's &quot;out to lunch&quot; Miles' &quot;kind of blue&quot; and a few other albums which changed the way I listen. U2's Pop was among those blissful few. Let me do for you as R. did for me. Give Amazon a few bucks- this album's worth owning.
B000002549|5.0|I was a little skeptical when I received this album as a gift, but not any more!!! This is a great work by the great Streisand. I have been a fan since day 1 and I listen to this over and over, it is always stacked in my CD player. I also listen to it while falling asleep, try it!  Best Streisand gift I have received. Only 1 complaint, album is not long enough.
0671004611|2.0|While intersting this book is a difficult read and requires more than one leap of faith if to be believed.
0060925000|4.0|My instinct while reading A Suitable Boy was to compare it to Middlemarch; I guess that was due to the sprawling scope of the book. As I finished Seth's book, two nights ago, I thought of Chinua Achebe and Things Fall Apart. I was reminded of Okonkwo's decisions when I read of Lata's.      I don't want to 'give away the story,' but I felt Seth forced his plot along at several points, particularly about three quarters of the way through when Maan and Firoz speak to one another in Saeeda Bae's room. It read to me as if Seth had written himself into a rich world and compromised the integrity of his characters in order to force an ending. For example, after 1200 pages of limited omniscience, Seth stops describing Lata's thoughts and emotions to us - just as she's making the choice around which the entire book has been structured. The sensation was disturbing, as if an intimate friend suddenly had developed a distant reserve toward me.      I agree with many of the reader comments here; when I finished this novel I felt bereft. Partly, though, that was because Seth withdrew the characters from me well before the book ended. Seeing Lata as a sort of sleepwalker rather than as an actively intelligent, emotional person was haunting. I felt she'd been beaten down. That's how she reminded me of Okonkwo, I guess. And I've been debating to myself, over the past two days, whether Seth would have intended her to come across that way.
B000002L9M|5.0|Black Celebration is one of the best DM albums because it shows a high degree of maturity of the band. Songs like &quot;here is the house&quot;, &quot;But not tonight&quot;, &quot;Stripped&quot; and the amazing voice of Martin Gore in most of the songs make Black Celebration an album that deserves being bought.
1556706480|5.0|This version of the Dicken's classic is magnificently illustrated by one of America's foremost artists.
0451160916|5.0|I really liked this book. If you like this book, you will love another King book &quot;The Stand&quot;. Its alot longer, but it is an excellent book that has the same sort of character development as &quot;The Shining&quot;. Read both books!! Danny...its time to take your medicine...
B00000899U|5.0|This album, put together by the people who loved Jeff after his far too early death, is an incredible tribute. It truly shows the wondrous talent this young man had. His writing and volcalizing abilities show through even in the cuts that were still in very raw form. For any fan of Jeff Buckley, this is a must. My favorite cut so far? Well, it is a tie I think between Everybody Here Wants You, in which Jeff's vocal talents shine bright as ever; and Your Flesh Is So Nice, which makes him sound like a horny college kid on a typical weekend night. His range wass vast, as were his abilities...The music world lost alot when we lost Jeff Buckley.
B00000373U|5.0|Elliott Smith combines his great voice with mellow guitar and background instrumentation and sings amazing lyrics about ordinary things.  Fire it up, sit in a bathtub, and get depressed, impressed, and inspired by some REAL music.
0553266306|5.0|In this thriller set in the France of 1960's when General De Gaulle's popularity was at its highest and yet at its lowest, Frederick Forsyth takes us on a journey into a killer's mind. The plot -- to assassinate Charles De Gaulle, president of France. In a gripping narration from start to finish, we are drawn into the world of the Jackal, following his elaborate plans step-by-step, egging him on his mission. Set on the Jackal's trail, Com. Lebel launches a manhunt of gigantic proportions. But will he be a match for this ruthless killer, working all alone, leaving nothing to chance? or will he be simply another of the Jackal's victims. A priest one day, a student the next, and a lame man on yet another day -- Which is the real Jackal? And how does he manage to stay one step ahead of the traps laid for him by the French Government? Is there an informer within the Action service? Two men on opposite sides of the same mission -- Lebel Vs. The Jackal, dueling over the future of France.  First published in 1971, `The Day of the Jackal' immortalized Forsyth as one of the masters of suspense thrillers.
0451169514|5.0|This is my all time favorite King book (and the very first one I ever read)  I would say that my only problem with it is that he does seem to go overboard w/the descriptions, but it's totally understandable and it works, because the images of the characters and of Derry are so crystal clear and so realistic that it's frightening.  Very scary (read it in one night-- couldn't put it down) The movie doesn't do it justice at all.  All hail the King of Horror!
0679745203|3.0|I read this book because I was disapointed in the movie.  The underlying plot of love, adultery and quests in the dessert called to my heart and I longed to read the &quot;real story&quot;. <br />What I found was the movie represented the book - for once- at its downfall.  In order to have a &quot;vilian&quot; as the main character, the reader must connent with him.  I did not.  I wanted to, I wanted to see one redeaming quality revealed.  I searched a searched to be only dissapointed.<br /> The images are beautiful, the writing poetic and inticing.  One can smell dry air and taist the sand in one's teeth.  But the characters are 2-dimentional, emotionally flat and did not &quot;captive the soul&quot;.  This is not a book that kept me awake at night, mulling over details.<br />I recommend The English Patient overall, it is worth the read.  Don't expect to gain intimacy with the characters.
0670880728|4.0|THIS IS A DELIGHTFUL READ THAT WILL MAKE YOU LAUGH OUT LOUD, SOMETHING I NEVER DO WHILE READING A BOOK, i DON'T THINK THERE IS A SINGLE WOMAN ALIVE WHO HAS NOT HAS BRIDGET'S OBSESSIONS AND DRAMAS,A JOY OF A BOOK TO FLY THROUGH FOR A SUMMER READ
0553208845|4.0|Siddhartha is well written, enjoyable, and rather easy to understand. It provides a basic outline of Hesse's style, an &quot;introduction&quot; of sorts, to his other, more elaborate, more intelligent, more oxymoronic, yet perfect. I suggest, especially if you enjoyed the book, reading his other books (especially Steppenwolf and The Glass Bead Game).
B000001DVD|4.0|This is a mind-blowing stunner of a rock album.  It's raw, it's smokin', it's a real good listen.  In subsequent albums tinges of overproduction started creeping in, which eventually dulled the Def Leppard sound.  But this is the band in all its screaming guitar glory.  Gotta get it.
B000002UTY|5.0|My vivid memories of the late 60's era are not just slowly slowly fading away they are on a fast train to obilvion. Except when I here music like &quot;Happy Trails&quot; by Quicksilver Messenger Service.  The classic 'Who Do You Love' which which opens the `record` is charged with pure old time R&amp;R energy and incredible lead guitar work by John Cippolina. The audio quality of the recording is excellant and brings  back to hazy focus the glory days of Winterland Ballroom and the Fillmore. I think. One of my favorites.
B0000024TQ|4.0|I really love Simon and Garfunkel, and this album is really great, but I beg to differ with the above reviewer that it's Simon and Garfunkel's best...maybe second or third best...try Bridge Over Troubled Water before you try this one, and if you like that, then Parsely, Sage, Rosemary and Thyme...or  P, S, R and T before BOTW, either way, it doesn't matter, but those'll get you into the Simon and Garfunkel style better than Bookends...which is not their best...
B000002BQK|5.0|BUTTERFLY soars with lots of slinky, fresh R&amp;B grooves, gospel, and skippy drum beats.  It has a more earthy tone to it compared to Mariah's past albums but still has the glamor that the diva's music embodies.  &quot;Butterfly&quot;--an intense song of separation is some of Mariah's best vocal work along with the smash hit &quot;Honey.&quot;  This album is about starting anew and the turmoil that is associated with change.  Although BUTTERFLY is very similar to DAYDREAM, the natural and emotional transformation of Mariah shines through.
B000002BE9|5.0|This is a great collection. It has a nice diversity of songs...you'll never grow tired of listening to it.
B0000060NA|5.0|Between the funky and soulful fuison of mature, dignified, emotional music and dreamy, electrifying lyrics breeds an outstanding, groundbreaking album that tells intimate stories of life and its mysterious connection to music.  Stevie Wonder's album is a classic--he tells it how it is and with brave and glorious verve, constructs a deft masterpiece.
B000002A3T|5.0|I am a great PF Fan since 1970. I've visit nearly 10 Concerts and I think they are the best live performers ever on stage seen. I really hope I could see them one more time. Some said, they will play at the Pyramids in Egypt on 12-31-1999, but I don't know if this is true. If you are a PF Fan too, please let me know by eMail.<br />The Division Bell is the best &quot;new&quot; PF Album since Roger Waters has left PF.
0385484518|5.0|I picked this book up in the airport on the way home from my mother's funeral.  Being in a very introspective mode, I found this book to hit home with life's simple moments - the one's that unfortunately only rise to the surface through brushes with mortality or crisis.
B000001EMW|5.0|this is such a cool album.  one of my students loaned it to me (i teach violin, viola, and cello) and i found it hard to give back to her.  my friends and i have had a gas listening to songs we rocked to in high school played on the cello.  even heavy metal fans will dig this, i promise!
B000002LMM|5.0|This soundtrack perfectly captures the mysterious essence of the Twin Peaks television show.  The music is both creepy and sensuous.  The dreamy songs are undeniably jazzy and ethereal, using saxaphones and stimulating bass lines to move the listener through many emotions.  Julie Cruise contributes vocals to a few songs, and her voice is so complimentary to the hypnotic music.  I recommend this album to anyone who loves slow, strange, seductive mood swings.
B0000025IE|5.0|One of Judas Priest's most memorable album. &quot;Breakin The Law&quot;, &quot;Grinder&quot;, &quot;Livin After Midnight&quot;, and other rockin' tunes can be found. This album made me want to learn to play the guitar! From the minute I heard it, I knew that's what I wanted to do. I'm sure many others feel the same way. A MUST for any rockin' CD collection!
B000002AZ8|3.0|Peral Jam's third release is a very dark, and confusing one.   The record contains 14 tracks but there are ultimatley only 11 &quot;real&quot; songs on the album.  What I mean by &quot;real&quot; songs, is ones that you would hear them play at a concert.  With teh exception of Pearl Jam not getting weird on this album they produce a great and very powerful sound that few if any bands can match.  This is a good record and it is a nice addition to anyone's CD collection.
B0000025RQ|5.0|Ahhh yes, 80's metal at it's finest, great vocals, screaming guitars, and killer tunes! What else would be expected from this band? Rob Halford, KK Downing, Glen Tipton, and the rest of the crew! A great combo and a great CD for any true metal maniac music lover!
B000000OE7|5.0|A must for all lovers of Queen. Every song is a discovery. No one goes unnoticed. Smashing music. Unmatched lyrics. Emotions flood. Great.
B000002B7O|5.0|This album was definetly on of Ozzy's best! Teamed up with one of heavy metal's best guitarist, Randy Rhoads. The music really shows Randy's guitar creativity and some of the best lead guitar work of the 80's I've heard and the best vocals from the &quot;Ozz&quot; himself! Randy Rhoads would have definetly been up there with names like Yngwie Malmsteen, Steve Vai, Satriani had he not been killed by some moron screwing around in an airplane. His death effected alot of people including me. If you want to hear where blistering leads came from in the 80's, pick up this album. It started here.....
0393038912|4.0|Great book.  I was very skeptical at first of Dr. Diamond's ability to cover 13,000 of human history in one book.  But like his other books, he brings up great points, that challenge you to think, even at his most speculative.  Some chapters are more thought provoking than others, for example the chapter on the Spanish Conquest of Inca Peru, which sort of held the entire concept of the book in one chapter.  But overall, you can no longer speak on why some cultures dominate others and have at great historical gain, without referencing this book.
0060926317|5.0|This book is one  of the most entrancing and inspirational books I have read. I first read it 3 years ago and have gone back to it repeatedly, sometimes reading it in whole and sometimes in part, whenever I needed a little inspiration and grounding in my life. The messages and themes it conveys carry over into all our lives today, and we can all learn by it.  Whether it is fact or fiction is irrelevant, it is the message that counts. I have recommended or given this book to many of my friends and without exception they have been as entranced by the book as I was. I can't recommended it highly enough to you.
B0000025H4|5.0|I think this is &quot;JP&quot; at their best! They are a GREAT band live! I've had the pleasure of seeing them in concert many times and they play as good, if not better, than the album! GET THIS CD!!! You will not be dissapointed.
B000001FZK|5.0|Laughing Stock is one of the most beautiful albums I own. Everyone who has heard it at my house has asked me what it is, and most have gone out and purchased it. It's a beautiful, sometimes eerie, soundtrack to life. It's wonderful for listening to quietly, late at night, and it's also great to blast at high volumes on a Sunday afternoon.
B0000025RQ|5.0|Rob Halford, KK Downing, Glenn Tipton and the boys, all kickin' ass! Here is a fine example of Judas Priest doing what many others tried to do, but failed. Leather, Chains, Harley Davidsons, Screeching guitar riffs, and incredible vocals and tunes to die for! &quot;Electric Eye&quot;, &quot;Screaming For Vengance&quot; and the rest of the music punches you right in the stomach...HARD! A must for any CD collection!
0312853238|5.0|Ender's Game has set new standards for science fiction with this exciting tale perfectly spun and executed by one of Sci-fi's most prestigious writers, Card. I recommend this book, it forever changed my life and the way I think.
B0000025YM|5.0|This CD is probably the last great effort of Judas Preist. Real great tunes, crankin' guitar, blistering solos, and incredible vocals from da' man Rob Halford!
0060392584|4.0|This book is amazing for it's brutal honesty. You read the first chapter and as you get into it you notice that Marilyn Manson is not a fake, because, in this book, he writes things that no-one in the world would want to lie about. He also does it with literary style, which really shows his honesty.  The only chapter which slides away from this honesty is &quot;We're Off To See The Wizard&quot; which was a very well-written chapter anyways, so that criticism really doesn't count.  Marilyn Manson wrote a fabulous book.
B000002UEB|5.0|What do you call it when you have 5 killer musicians in one band? QUEENSRYCHE silly! This is one hell of a concept album here folks about murder, underground politicians (scum), drugs, basically sex, lies &amp; videotape and a kid who gets mixed up in it all. I almost forgot about Mary, you'll find out who she is if you buy the CD. One heck of a story...From start to finish, each song leads right into the next with bits of dialogue inbetween each song that helps with the story. A MUST to have!!!! Great guitar work, great vocals.
B000002LFL|5.0|This album contains my favorite song &quot;I know it's over&quot; The recording quality is first rate.  You will not be dissapointed if you even have a slight interest in the smiths.
B000000H42|5.0|I love this CD! From the first time I heard &quot;The Oath&quot; on a local college radio station, I owned a copy. &quot;The Oath&quot; starts out a erie, spooky, song with sounds of thunder, rain, and a church bell for a couple minutes and then explodes into one hell of a heavy bone crushing tune. And don't let people tell you that by listening to this you are a devil worshipper.....Some people just don't appreciate a cool tune when they hear one. Anyway, that's not what King Diamond's about. If you've read any articles about him then you know. Just pop it in the CD player, turn off all the lights in the house and crank it up, and ENJOY!
B000002KNU|5.0|Even after all the greatness that came later, I  have to say that the Heads never topped &quot;77&quot;. Listening to this, it's hard to believe it was made 22 years ago -- it sounds like it was recorded yesterday! Great sing-along music. Besides the classic &quot;Psycho Killer&quot; -- also contains classics like &quot;Tentative Decisions&quot;, &quot;No Compassion&quot;, &quot;Pulled Up&quot;, and the wonderful &quot;The Book I Read&quot;. Rock albums really don't get any better.
B000005ALN|5.0|This is the most thoughtful album George Michael has ever produced.  The arrangements from Jesus to a Child to Free reveal his maturity as an artist but also a deeply haunted man.  His next album will probably tell us more.  I can't wait.
0060977493|5.0|The God of Small Things is an exquisite gift!  Language, form, content, style, characters, the personal and the political congregate in Ms.Roy's beautiful and sympathetic novel.   At first, the reader gets the impression that Ms. Roy is exercising literary style to excess (her use of non-linear ordering, the capitalization of themes and ideas, etc.) However, as the story progresses, the reader is engaged by both the characters and events and appreciates the skill Ms. Roy has used to craft her novel.  Most startling about the book is the precise tone that Ms.Roy captures in conveying the shock and jolt that accompanies the move from the perfection of childhood to wherever it is we find ourselves today.  Perhaps, this is Ms. Roy's most stellar achievementt.  In capturing a Voice so precise and perfect, she has written a novel that is accessible and wholly human.  The God Of Small Things will linger and ache slowly in your mind and heart long after you have read the last word.
B000005RRF|5.0|This is a very enjoyable album. Slow, melancholic passages alternate with furious instrumental and vocal passages. Fish is at his best here, especially on &quot;Blind Curve&quot; or &quot;Keyleigh&quot;.
B0000029AP|5.0|Toys In The Attic (1975) finds Aerosmith at their creative zenith. Slightly distancing themselves from the more bluesly material on their first two releases, Aerosmith (1973) and Get Your Wings (1974), Toys is filled with a pure rock sound which even the most casual Aerosmith fan will enjoy.  For the first time rythem guitarist Brad Whitford takes co-writing credits with Steven Tyler on &quot;Round and Round&quot; and bassist Tom Hamilton co-writes with Tyler on &quot;Uncle Salty&quot; and &quot;Sweet Emotion&quot;.  Toys In The Attic was the album that broke Aerosmith through and made them superstars.  More poppy and radio applealing than Rocks (1976), Toys made Aerosmith a household name with its catchy hooks, clever lyrics, and humable basslines.  The hits &quot;Walk This Way&quot; and &quot;Sweet Emotion&quot; included on this album are largely responsible for Toys In The Attic being Aerosmith's first commercial success.
B000000W6X|5.0|The one-line summary above just about says it. This album is something that has been spinning on my cd-player for years now. And it gets even better every time. Highly recommended. Can't wait to get Massive Attack's third album 'Mezzanine'...
B000002C25|3.0|Oasis, whether fans like it or not, had no real change in their music with this album.  Just the same old, &quot;let's steal from the greats&quot; tunes that are somewhat catchy but musically lacking.  Just because you can put in sound effects, doesn't make your song writing and composition different or more sophisticated.  This is just a desperate attempt by a mediocre rock band to try and add to their lacking musical integrity with frilly and inane usage of extra instruments.  Oh, how I WISH these drugged-up ruffians from England could come close to writing the compositions the Beatles did, but their lyrics are repetitive and lacking, their extra instrumentals add nothing but noise to the songs, and their singer seems to end every line of every verse with the same slightly flat notes.  All that having been said, the Captain can write a nice diddy here and there.  So if you're an Oasis fan, or if you enjoy shallow and extraneous music, this album is pretty good.  If you are looking for musical substance, turn your eyes on the sixties, because this decade lacks it (nearly) entirely.  In essence, this album is Help(-substance+ shallow instrumentals.)
B000002UJQ|5.0|sit back and get ready, 'cause this album will take you away with its soft and melancholy sadness.  &quot;paranoid android&quot; is one of the best recordings ever -- and i usually don't use superlatives.  with radiohead's frantically soothing voice and instrumental awe, every moment is delicious.
B000001FDQ|5.0|The first and best of Yngwie album's.  The sound on this album was so fresh when it was released and Yngwie nor any other neo-classical guitar &quot;GOD&quot; has ever reached those heights again.  If you like the genre, this is the mother lode.  The standouts are of course the first two tracks.
0385484518|2.0|This story was pretty boring.  While Morrie may be a wonderful friend to the author,  there was nothing of any kind of insightful nature in the book.  It wasn't terrible but I certainly wouldn't recommend it.
031218087X|2.0|While the premise of this first novel is interesting, the pacing and plotting has more than its share of flaws. Once again the reader is in a world of incredibly beautiful, brainy women who love incredibly strong, handsome,adventure-seeking men with lots of (surprisingly obvious) villians trying hard to keep them apart while placing the future of the free world in jeopardy. The novels characters could have been taken out of stock footage from every Patricia Cornwell-Dean Kootz-Jeffery Archer book on the market. Note to future writers: let's get some CHARACTER into these characters.<br />   If you're a fan of the kind of novel in which ridiculous coincidence follows ridiculous coincidence, you will probably enjoy Digital Domain. It's tough to root for characters, however, when every clue, lead, witness and opportunity fall conveniently into the heroes' laps. The book becomes totally uninvolving by its second half, and most readers will be able to guess the surprise ending one hundred pages before it's revealed.<br />   Best bet is to wait until Keanu Reeves and Elizabeth Shue make the movie!
0312958455|4.0|I really enjoyed this book! I began my Michael Connelly journey with Concrete Blond, then Blood Work, then Trunk Music. Then I decided to start at the beginning. This book is one of my favorite Connelly books! I really like Harry, and &quot;feel his pain.&quot; I'm about to read The Poet, which I understand is not a Harry Bosch book. But, neither was Blood Work, and I enjoyed it very much. After The Poet, I guess I'll have to wait for his next novel. Hope it's soon!!
0452277752|4.0|Of the four novels, Rage was the most interesting and most important.  The recent school shootings in Arkansas, Oregon and other areas of this country seem unbelievable and insane.  One look inside the mind of the student who takes his class hostage in Rage and you begin to get an insight into a plausible, thought disheartening explanation.  Those people trying to make sense of the random acts of violence need to read these four novels, especially Rage and Roadwork.  The other two, The Running Man and The Long Walk seem unlikely to take place in the near future, but I wouldn't hold my breath.  People need only look at the syphillis experiment in Alabama and American Gladiators as two example of what humans truly crave: control and violence.   If a writer can create stories like this, who is to stop the government from controlling our freedom?  Sounds a bit pessimistic, but only if it comes true.
0884271536|4.0|40% of this novel is story, 60% is information. Half of the latter is a repetition of The Goal (explaining the Theory of Constraints). This, however, makes this new book so easy to read. It is almost like a follow-up to the setting at the plant.<br />Really interesting are the last two pages: two independent variables are needed to describe investment (unit is &quot;dollar-days&quot;). But this, of course, means that TIME ISN'T MONEY...
0345389409|1.0|One of the things I always liked about the series was it's nihilism and agnosticism. The closest thing to God previously was Akasha or Maharet. Now she goes off on this long winded, boring essay of validation for judeo-christian mythology, presumably offending anyone from a different background. I thought I could get through it till we are told Jesus was God on earth. What does this have to do with the vampires? Nada. Bring back the vampire in the Himalayan peaks feasting on long lines of worshipful pilgrims. Now THAT'S theology.
0375404783|5.0|This is the funniest book I've read in quite a long time.  Helen Fielding's portrayal of Bridget Jones, a thirty-something, single (&quot;singleton&quot;) career woman, is so dead-on that I wondered how she researched my life without my knowledge.  Bridget's free-form observations about (and obsession with) men, food, cigarettes, alcohol and job are uproarously funny.  Side-splitting spasms of laughter nearly caused me to wet my black opaque pantyhose (with run only in toe) several times.<br />Finally, a female character that is not only believable, but someone I came to love and wish I could invite to lunch.  Absolutely unforgetable characterization.<br />If I have one minute criticism of the novel, it is that the male characters generally are not very well fleshed-out.  The only guys who are not your stereotypical love-'em-and-leave'em neanderthals are gay.  However, Bridget's is a woman's story.  (And if my social circles are any indication, Ms. Fielding is once again right on target.)<br />Brava!
B000002NHN|5.0|I found this CD to be thoughtful, soothing, and quite enjoyable.  Although some of the recordings are somewhat lengthy, in the end, I found them to be rather spiritual.
B000006O7C|4.0|This album is facinating.  It's not an easy listen, but it brings you into it.  You feel like a ghost is singing when you listen to this album, a ghost who wishes to sing just to you.  Some of the tracks are so un-developed they're painful, but most are beautiful.  A well done, if understandably lacking, farewel to a talent who was taken from us way too soon.
B000002L61|4.0|This is RJD at his hight of power, the mystic meets the electric via screeming licks.  If your sick of the 90's put in CD player and press play!
B000001EAQ|5.0|If you like U2, you should buy this album. It sounds sometimes like Achtung Baby and sometimes like The Joshua Tree or War, I promise you that Pop is as good as these albums, you won't get disappointed.
B000002TQB|5.0|Hands down, this is just an incredible album - its fast tracks make you want to dance up a storm and its slow tracks possess a sophistication and elegance few bands can even pretend to deliver.  There's a reason that it received all of the British awards for best album of the year in 1994 - listen to it yourself and enjoy the experience.  It's an absolute disgrace that in the face of all the junk on the radio out there these days (let's face it, will anybody really care about groups like hanson, chubawumba, or third eye blind a year from now?) and the smashing success of Song 2, Blur is nowhere to be found on the radio stations.  So get Parklife, listen to tracks like Girls And Boys, End Of The Century, London Loves, To The End, and Badhead, and congratulate yourself for being such a smart music listener.
1573225517|5.0|I just loved it.  So when I saw Fever Pitch I ran out to get it.  Then I figured out what Hornsby's style was and wiull probably go back and read High Fidelity again.  He writes about obsession -- I related much more to High Fideltiy because the obsession is rock music - and I knew everything he talked about.  Fever Pitch is about an obsession for football (soccer) and is more difficult for a provincial North American to get into.  His writing style is intellectual, a little snobby (I like it).
0345350499|3.0|Well, after several years of my female friends telling me that this is a book I just HAD to read, I finally grabbed a copy and worked my way through it. And to be honest, I found it passably well written, especially for a work of genre fiction, and to have at least a couple of well drawn characters, a true rarity in a work of fantasy. I did however find the &quot;historical&quot; setting laughable and horrendously anachronistic, and the primary motivations and personal conflicts of the central characters to be more reminiscent of middle-school intrigues than those of people who would shape the history of a nation.<br />On the matter of historical accuracy, to be fair, it seems to be the fans of this work that have created the myth of its historical accuracy, as Bradley states up front, in the preface, that her research was pretty much limited to readings of Mallory's &quot;Le Mort de Arthur&quot; and conversations with Wiccans and Neo-Pagans. Bradley's &quot;historical&quot; setting has, unsurprisingly, more to do with romanticism and faddish Wiccan/Neo-Pagan femnism than the increasingly known history of fifth and sixth century Britian, or the known facts, (sketchy at best) of the indigenous religious beliefs and practices of Romano-Celtic Britian. Of course this is not a crime in a work of fiction, and I don't fault the book for this, although it seems that many of the book's most ardent fans regard it as something other than fiction. I do however have some difficulty forgiving the easily corrected anacronisms that frequently pop-up. Through the course of the work we are presented with a Bishop that is a contemporary of Saint Patrick, the invasions of the &quot;Saxons,&quot; in Britian and the invasion of Spain by the Islamic Moors. Unfortunately, a quick perusal of an encyclopoedia will demonstrate that these events cover a span of well over three hundred years, far longer than the single lifetime that the novel follows. Again this is not a damning criticism, but it does injure the ability of a kno! wledgeable reader to suspend disbelief.<br />Far more damning criticism, at least from my perspective, is the nature of the central characters, who seem to mope and mourn over unrequited love with all the energy and artifice of the average &quot;sensitive&quot; fifiteen year old. And this is my major complaint with the book -- I didn't really like or sympathize in any measurable way with any of the characters except Morgause, which was obviously not the author's intent. But frankly, Morgouse was the only character who didn't seem both emotionally and intellectually stunted in numerous ways. I couldn't help but gravitate to the only character in the entire work who seemed to behave as an adult rather than a lovesick adolescent. It's apparent that Bradley was trying to capture the tone of the early Athurian romances, especially Mallory, which play up the Courtly Love aspects of the story, but to a modern, adult reader -- and at 31, I seem to be a good bit older than most first time readers of this book -- it just doesnt play particularly well.<br />Still, for a long time fan of the entire Arthurian legend, as well as an avid student of the ever expanding historical record of Romano-Celtic Britian, I can't completely fault a fellow fan's reworking of the legends. Truth be told, I've done a bit of work in that vein myself that probably wouldn't satisfy those whose primary love is the romance of the legend, and not the historical setting. The work is well written, but because of the shallow and puppy-lovish nature of so many of the characters, I would find it difficult to recommed this book to any readers over the age of 20.t it does injure the ability of a kno! wledgeable reader to suspend disbelief. <br />Far more damning criticism, at least from my perspective, is the nature of the central characters, who seem to mope and mourn over unrequited love with all the energy and artifice of the average &quot;sensitive&quot; fifiteen year old. And this is my major complaint with the book -- I didn't really like or sympathize in any measurable way with any of the characters except Morgause, which was obviously not the author's intent. But frankly, Morgouse was the only character who didn't seem both emotionally and intellectually stunted in numerous ways. I couldn't help but gravitate to the only character in the entire work who seemed to behave as an adult rather than a lovesick adolescent. It's apparent that Bradley was trying to capture the tone of the early Athurian romances, especially Mallory, which play up the Courtly Love aspects of the story, but to a modern, adult reader -- and at 31, I seem to be a good bit older than most first time readers of this book -- it just doesnt play particularly well. <br />Still, for a long time fan of the entire Arthurian legend, as well as an avid student of the ever expanding historical record of Romano-Celtic Britian, I can't completely fault a fellow fan's reworking of the legends. Truth be told, I've done a bit of work in that vein myself that probably wouldn't satisfy those whose primary love is the romance of the legend, and not the historical setting. The work is well written, but because of the shallow and puppy-lovish nature of so many of the characters, I would find it difficult to recommed this book to any readers over the age of 20.
0441003257|5.0|This truly was a great book, and I liked it, I really did.  However, Pratchett simply doesn't come close to my all-time favorite author, Douglas Adams.  Please, please, please read Douglas Adams' books if you liked Good Omens-please.
B000000OF6|5.0|Here it is...the best of Queen, with the exception of &quot;These are the Days of Our Lives&quot; (a single released after Freddie's death) and any of the songs from the Made in Heaven album. Included are all the top songs: Bohemian Rhapsody, We Will Rock You, We Are The Champions, Another One Bites the Dust, Under Pressure (with David Bowie), and Crazy Little Thing Called Love. You can hear how Queen's sound changed over the course of their 20 year career, plus you get liner notes showing the original single covers and other information. What more could a fan want????
0060392584|4.0|Marilyn Manson's music has always been hit-or-miss with me.  Either I love it or I hate it.  His public persona has been scrawled across every controversial medium available, and now finally the icon himself speaks out.  His bio was extremely well written, and very amusing at points (especially his &quot;Rules&quot;). I would be curious to know where Manson leaves off and Strauss takes over, but regardless, it is a book that will make you squirm at points, laugh at points, and (more importantly in Manson's mind, I think) stop and ponder his own point of view.  This book is not an attempt to convert the reader to Manson's lifestyle or beliefs, but to present it as it is -- this is what made Manson what he is today, period.  If you have ever been curious about the &quot;shock-rocker with the rubber jock&quot;, this is an excellent introduction to  a surprisingly well-read and thoughtful individual who has chosen his path with few regrets, and also as a strange homage to family and childhood.  Recommended.  Don't let your own preconceptions of Manson turn you away.
B000002NHN|5.0|Ms. McKennitt's music is evocative of the spiritual all the while combing exotic, erotic strains to tantalize the senses and spark the imagination.  Her music elicits thoughts of times past in storybooks where romance and chivalry and adventure were the daily stuff of life.  She play music and writes lyrics that surely will appeal to the wanderer and dreamer in all of us!
B000002H6C|5.0|Although the Bass is not heard as much as it should be and the recording is'nt the greatest, the song writing and guitar wizardry make this the BEST Metallica album of all time, and it gets my vote for the best CD of all time by any artist!!
1568493207|5.0|Rarely have I been so profoundly affected by an author's words! I read Lot 49 as part of a literature course this past Spring at Rollins College. I ended up writing two papers about it: &quot;Is Oedipa on a quest for God?&quot; and &quot;Is Oedipa on a quest for her own sexual identity?&quot; The first paper led me to the second in a warp-speed realization that the book is actually about everything! It addresses the holistic nature of the universe. Everything is interconnected; nothing in life happens in a vacuum. I ended up writing my application essay for my masters program on the impact this novel had on my life. Without exaggeration, Lot 49 is now my favorite book. I can hardly wait to read more by Pynchon.
B000002LND|5.0|If you're only going to want one Madonna album, absolutely this is the one.  I have a 50-disc changer in my car but this CD just keeps getting played and played, even after owning it for several years.  However, be aware of the remixes here.  &quot;Like a Prayer&quot; and &quot;Express Yourself&quot; are definitely second rate arrangements compared to their original versions and the 4 tunes taken from &quot;True Blue&quot; (&quot;Papa Don't Preach&quot;, Open Your Heart, Live To Tell, &amp; &quot;La Isla Bonita&quot;) sound drastically different from the original album (in a sonic sense, the arrangements are about the same).  Although the remastered sound may be objectively better, &quot;True Blue&quot; has a much more raw and distinct sound to it, which complements these songs better.  The remix/remaster of &quot;Into the Groove&quot; is the best version I've heard, especially for the arrangement, although one nice little part was cut (probably for time). Actually, many of these songs are shortened, obviously since the finished CD runs just short of the time limit of a CD, but those edited parts are sorely missed (early fade-outs and such).  They even cut out the bongo intro on &quot;La Isla!&quot;  So yes, I have a few complaints.  It would be nice if this had been a 2-cd set since so much is missing, but we really do have a fabulous collection here.  After all, I did give it 5 stars.  Thanks for reading this.
B000002BQK|5.0|l thought that this album was very well done. Mariah Carey has a very good voice and she sung all the songs on the album extremely well.  Congratulations!!!!
0449227421|2.0|Contrived, trite, and predictable. Ken Follett was one of the first &quot;adult&quot; writers I read as an adolescent. His Pillars of the Earth was an amazing epic and Night Over Water and The Eye of the Needle were wonderfully crafted stories that I highly recommend. However, this most recent book is terrible.  Mr. Follett's book, while an intriguin on the outset, unravels and becomes completely unbelievable. What is most frustrating is that the &quot;old&quot; Ken Follett is there, but the unfolding of the action and some of the character dialogue is completely offensive because it makes the reader feel like Mr. Follett has idiots for an audience.  The few things saving this book is a great &quot;heroine,&quot; who like many of Mr. Follett's past main characters are flawed, but endearing, and a wonderful romance subtext that surprisingly works.<br />Despite all this the book simply falls to draw you in to the suspense that Mr. Follett has tried to create, but just simply is not there. This is definately a book to pass over or to read during the summer for light no brainer beach reading. However if you want a good summer book that interests you read any of Mr. Follett's earlier works (Pillars of the Earth, Night Over Water, or The Eye of the Needle-- to name a couple) and skip this one and his last two... I'm hoping Mr.Follett will offer better books in the future for he is an author who can deliver a great book.... BUT THIS ONE IS NOT IT!!!
B000006OAM|2.0|With the exception of the title track and &quot;My Skin,&quot; I think the best word that describes this album is: &quot;catchy.&quot; Such damning criticism should be rarely doled out, but the overwhelmingly sappy string arrangements and average lyrics render this album painful at times to listen to, especially since Natalie Merchant has such a great voice and we've come to expect such great stuff from her. Most of the songs start out nicely and show great musical maturity, but quickly degenerate into refrains that are as base and unimaginative as television ad music. I'm only exaggerating a little.<br />The thing that saves this album (in my opinion) is &quot;My Skin,&quot; which is one of the most beautiful songs I have ever heard. Overall though, the album is a disappointment that'll probably get lots of radio air-time, but I wouldn't know because I can't stand that drek any more.
B000006OAM|5.0|I love Natalie Merchant and this CD made me love her more.   She has such a powerful voice. Everytime i hear her sing i get lost in my own little world. her songs hold so much meaning. she definately gets 5 stars in my book.
0552137030|5.0|Armageddon meets the &quot;Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy&quot; -- what more can be said?  Witty, clever humor combined with a completely bizarre premise.  One of my few must-reads.
B000002KB8|5.0|IVE BEEN LISTEN TO SABBATH FOR A LONG TIME, AND CONSIDER THEM THE MASTERS OF HEAVY METAL.  THE ONLY BLACK SABBATH I KNOW IS SABBATH WITH OZZY ONCE OZZY DEPARTED FROM THE BAND THEY LOST THERE TOUCH...
B000006OAM|5.0|Merchant creates an even better encore to her days as 10,000 Maniacs lead singer, than her first solo album.  The songs on this album seem more upbeat than on &quot;Tigerlily,&quot; with better lyrics, instrumental arrangements, etc.  The background vocal on &quot;Frozen Charlotte&quot; are of potential to send chills down your back with how it mingles with Natalie's voice.  A definete must for any 10,000 Maniacs or Natalie Merchant fan.
B000002NJS|5.0|This is a CD that is so much fun to work out to. Every song is upbeat and fun to listen to.  Best of all, the music is so different from everything else currently playing on the radio.  It was a welcome change.  I have been disappointed with much of Madonna's most recent work...but she has won me back as a fan.  I actually have fun listening to this CD.
B0000035E7|5.0|I rate almost every nirvana album well, but if ever a record deserved five stars, this one is it.  This album is the one that you want to blow your speakers with: it is wonderfully noisy and melodic at the same time...the perfect nirvana combination.  Their albums are all good for different reasons, but this first effort displays Cobain's incredible songwriting ability.  He takes simple ideas and writes the most beautiful songs about them.  Bravo.  Big Cheese and Blew rule.
B0000025L8|5.0|I first checked this album out from the local library when I was 15, and it has gone with me ever since, on cassette, on vinyl, and now I'm asking for it for my birthday (31).  It is a working stiff's all-you-can eat opus and Bill summer chorus line sing along that makes good company.
B000006O7C|5.0|If you're looking for an introduction to the amazing Jeff Buckley, start with 'Grace', but once you've got a handle on him, come to this collection, because it contains some of his best stuff. In my opinion, Jeff Buckley was perhaps the greatest single talent of his generation, right up there with Hendrix. His music wasn't as revolutionary as Hendrix's, but it was earth-shattering in a much quieter individual way. One need only listen to Buckley's heart-wrenching ballad 'Morning Theft' to understand the affective power that this man possessed. He was clearly an amazing vocal talent, but that's only half the story because it was his songwriting as well as his astounding ability to bring new richness to covers that created the vehicles for his soaring vocals. Most will take a purely academic interest in the four-track demos on the second disc (with the exception of 'Jewel Box', which is outstanding as it is) but that shouldn't cause anyone to hesitate to buy this title because it is currently being priced like a single CD. I personally would pay nearly any price for a further glimpse into Jeff Buckley's music. It is CD's like 'Grace', 'Electric Ladyland', 'A Love Supreme', and perhaps 'Sketches' that make you feel like you're getting away with something by only paying $14.99 for such amazing music.
B0000025HU|4.0|This CD is amongst the worst that I have heard of this band
B000000132|5.0|If you have had any interest in the early Moody Blues album &quot;Days of Futures Past&quot;  check this album out. Unbelievable vocals by Annie Haslam here. Very strong lush melodic tracks with a rich classical style. One of my all time favorites!
B000001FTN|3.0|The version of &quot;Moments in Love&quot; that you hear on the radio (and was really popular about 8 years ago) was released in 1989 on a &quot;Best of...&quot; CD that's no longer  available.  It's a remix of the shorter and simpler earlier version found on &quot;Who's Afraid...&quot;, released initially in 1984.
0060920084|5.0|This gem from Bryson remains the funniest travel book ever published.  At least one of the funniest books I have ever read.  It is one of those rare books that will elicit deep belly laughs.  Bryson spares no one with his barbs as he travels the U.S. (by the way, he also does not pull any punches when commenting on Europe in &quot;Neither Here Nor There&quot;).  The book is loaded with interesting trivial americana asides.  Those who think Bryson is too mean or negative should relax and get a sense of humor.  After all, can't we all agree that Cairo, Ohio (pronounced &quot;Kay-ro&quot; in Ohio) probably is a dump.
B000002J1F|5.0|This is one of the best albums every produced.  The musicians are among the most skilled on each respective instrument.  The group led in the production of alternative rock, with synthesizers, high energy sound and winsome vocals.
B000002GI0|5.0|John Hiatt is a master craftsman of modern American song. This is a stellar example of writing and performance which are the hallmarks of John Hiatt.
B000001F2H|5.0|Clapton - just discovered in London.  Mayall - total comittment to the blues.  Flint &amp; McVie - the finest R&amp;B musicians in the land - adds up to an unmissable collection.  Fuelled the British blues boom, and thereafter metal, Zeppelin, Van Halen, Spinal Tap...it all starts here!
0848801571|5.0|It must have been midnight when I picked up the book to read before I went to bed.  Intending only to read a few pages to settle me down for the evening.  I ended up finishing it in one sitting!  I just couldn't put it down.  The book was so enthralling the plot unfolded so eloquently, and the mystery so intense that it would have been insane to.  I was very tired the next day but it was well worth it.
B000003S2K|5.0|i can think of very few pieces of music that i would really deem 'perfect' or even 'perfectly constructed', but brian eno's 'music for airports' album would definitely be it.  the album, recorded in 1978, sounds like it could have been made in the 1940s or twenty years from now.  the sound is timeless, and listening to it suspends reality for the duration.  by far one of the most brilliant recordings i've ever heard.  if only electronic music could get back to this!
0515123447|4.0|I thought the book was great for a first time writer.  An editor should have rechecked over the work.  If one more person shrugged, I was going to scream. Other than that, Great job!
0060976624|5.0|I loved this book!  A terrific satire of political correctness and holier-than-thou moralities.  The book still rates 5 stars, even though the epilogue was a let-down for me.
B0000057C5|5.0|The Deep-Throated vocals mixed with high-intensity electric guitar make for the best in German music. I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys all types and styles of international music.
0670880728|5.0|A friend in London was absolutely adamant that I read Bridget Jones, and when I finally sat down with it, I was hooked.  With typical British humour, Helen Fielding sees the absurd and hysterically funny in everyday situations, and is brilliant at capturing where London's 30-something singles are today.  Brilliant, I loved it and have recommended it to everyone I know.
B000002BYD|5.0|Pearl Jam is a band that defies catagorization and or dogma. By reinventing themselves with each album they have sacrificed and risen in a Phoenix cycle of reincarnation. Yeild is yet one more step in this cycle. However, it is by far the most perplexing riddle yet. By continuingly posing questions and introducing new ways of using poetic langauge and metaphor, it is possible to say with confidence that Ed Vedder is truelly the Keats of the latter twentieth century. This album, not unlike Keat's words, will be a testiment looked upon for generations to come.
B000000OUJ|5.0|This album is over three years old and still sounds as fresh today as when it first came out.  RZA was at the top of his game when he produced this album and guest stars like Killah Priest and Inspector Deck shine.  Most of the songs can be listened too and five are particular standouts.  Shadowboxing and Seventh Chamber are the Wu at their best and are two of my favorite songs of all time.  Labels is a great song too with a good chorus.  Overall this album is a must-have for any serious East Coast head
B000002BFZ|5.0|Vedder is the type of person that, if met in a bar, one would discover that he is in fact a lunatic, (for the true meaning of this word please consult dictionary.) He is able to stare at the situational absurdity of life and confront it with a grunt. No Code is by far the best Pearl Jam album ever including the much coveted, elementary by comparison Ten. No Code makes Ten look like the sophmoric efforts of an MFA in poetry wack. No code is refined madness and lunacy, only for those of us who appreciate the foreboding moon and the mysterious of the seven secrets. Bachanal, Dionysion flurries of sound, like Neil (the best thing thats ever happened to Vedder/Pearljam) laments, &quot;I heard a perfect echo die, into an anonymous wall of digital sound, deep inside my soul&quot;. If that echo were to become an album, No Code would be it.
B000002X0Z|5.0|When I first listened to this album I  didn't really like it except for the  singles, namely GOD Pt. III and Front  Lines.  Those songs are just great, with  incredible beats, choruses, and lyrics.  Then I listened to the album again and  it grew on me.  This album is just a  great followup to their previous album,  The Infamous.  Hardcore gangsta rap fans have to own this album.  Guest stars  include Raekwon, Method Man, Nas, Big  Noyd.  To tell you the truth the guest  stars don't really do their best  performances but Mobb Deep makes up for  it.  Other great tracks include Drop A  Gem on 'Em and Apostle's Warning.  If  you like this album also check out Big  Noyd's EP, which is virtually a Mobb Deep album.
B000001FDQ|5.0|Icarus' Dream Suite is my second favorite song of all time, behind only Rainbow's Gates of Babylon.  This opus has a beautiful lilting metal guitar melody with Harpsichord kicking in half way through ever so lightly in the background.  While I don't claim to have the scoop on this song, I notice that the song seems to follow a succession that would correspond to:  Daedalus and Icarus get sentenced to Minotaur Isle, Daedalus and Icarus conceive of building Wings, Daedalus and Icarus build wings, Icarus falls, Daedalus grieves, but Icarus flies in the afterlife.  This of course is only my interpretation.  I met a couple of ladies at college who were familiar with Yngwie.  They asked me what my favorite song was, and I responded &quot;Icarus' Dream&quot;, to which they both immediately gasped, &quot;THE SEX SONG!?!&quot;  I suppose interpretation is the thing that makes music ours.<br />Just a few more comments.  Yngwie Malmsteen is known for being anti-Christian.  Their are few lyrics on this album, and none of them had the anti-Christian sentiments that I've heard on his other albums.  I told a Christian friend of mine that he'd like this album.  He blew it off because he knew it was Yngwie.  Later I blasted it in the Dorm, he walked in and said, &quot;This is awesome! Who is this?&quot;  The look of disappointment was crushing.  If this may be a problem for you I'd say go ahead and buy this album and skip his others.  If you're not particularly offended that Malmsteen holds opinions of his own, get all of his albums.  This is by far his best, though.<br />Actually, I think it's anybody's best.  It's amazing the multi-dimensionality he portrays on this album.  Similar to Mozart, although he bullets J. S. Bach on his thanks list.<br />I've given another review, where I list my three way tie for Greatest Album ever, under Tony MacAlpine's Maximum Security who's music styling on that album are similar to Yngwie's.  Refer to that review for more information on the style.If this style is new to you, and you're l! ooking for a tester, I recommend  this album.
0893860220|5.0|Read this book if you are seeking yourself. This will challenge you in the most fundamental  way possible.<br />&quot;The search for God, for Truth, is the true vocation of man.&quot;  J Krishnamurti
B000002KAT|5.0|Much of the time I have no idea what Van is singing about on this record, though I know EXACTLY what he's saying. This is as personal a visionary expression as rock and roll has ever produced. The record is simply a genre all its own blending jazz, blues, folk, romance, mysticism, and a kind of holy eroticism in a truly singular manner. This record is remarkable in many respects, not the least of which is its ability to transport the listener to an ethereal netherworld while at the same time making the listener all the more conscious of the very blood flowing through one's veins: &quot;you breathe in; you breathe out/you breathe in; you breathe out...&quot; A truly wonderful record.
B000002H1T|3.0|The Cars are one of those bands that have an odd relationship with radio.  Their albums are solid straight through, yet only a couple of random songs from their best albums ever get airplay.  Heartbeat City is the exception, with three pop classics and three lesser hits.  I found myself tired of the recognizable songs, and not too keen on the rest, so the album didn't hold the same fascination as Candy-O and Panorama.
B000002UVZ|5.0|I like to attribute different seasons to R.E.M. albums, and this one (aside from the atrocious &quot;Monster&quot;) ranks as their only &quot;summer&quot; album. Tuneful, but with a bit more of an electric edge than you'd expect. Witness the crunching beginning of &quot;Begin the Begin,&quot; the frenzied &quot;Just A Touch,&quot; (in which Stipe yowls some of his most outrageous lyrics), and even &quot;Fall On Me,&quot; the affecting single supposedly about acid rain. It's intensely positive and has a revolutionary edge, with calls to &quot;start a new country up&quot; and a great string of verse in &quot;I Believe&quot;: &quot;Practice, practice makes perfect,/Perfect is a fault/In fault lies change.&quot;  There simply isn't a weak song on this album. If you are an R.E.M. fan...
B000002JS6|5.0|Be careful or you'll cut yourself on all of this album's sharp edges.  Songs like &quot;Shake a Leg,&quot; &quot;Back in Black,&quot; and &quot;Shoot to Thrill&quot; come at you like knives in the dark.  You won't find any labored riffs here.  Sometimes the lyrical topics reach a Beavis and Butthead level, sinking far below the punny nature of earlier songs like &quot;The Jack.&quot;  But you've gotta crank it anyway, at least when your mom isn't around.
B000002MU3|2.0|Certainly, one can hear hints of complacency in &quot;Automatic for the People.&quot; Bill Berry's respective threat to leave the band if they didn't create a true rock-n-roll album the next time out may have been justified. But this ugly mess consistently disappoints. I can just see Berry sitting behind his drum kit, nearly yawning as he taps out &quot;What's the Frequency, Kenneth?&quot; The rest of the band turns out music barely worthy of a Sonic Youth B-side (or, for that matter, a hack high-school hard-core band). Stipe's falsetto just grates and makes him sound wimpish this time out; remember when he merited comparisons to Art Garfunkel just an album ago? The album's only high points are the glamalicious &quot;Crush With Eyeliner,&quot; a song that just struts with attitude, and the first ten seconds of &quot;Let Me In,&quot; which wash over like a sonic, cathartic wave. It's a shame the rest of the song ends up merely sounding masturbatory. If this is what happened to R.E.M. when they tried to remember how to play &quot;rock-n-roll,&quot; they should have considered making this one a bootleg.
B000005RU0|5.0|This record really hit me! It made me become a great Blind Guardian fan in less than a second, and after a couple of weeks I had all their records. It is real fast throughout the whole record, and the melodic style is just the best!
067101756X|3.0|I found this book to be interesting reading with a plethora of detail.  Some of the detail, however, seemed to be artificially added to &quot;pad&quot; what might be a less interesting and less wordy story on its own right.  For example, the author purports that there was a &quot;war&quot; between the aliens and U.S. military, which we won by shooting down an alien craft in the 1970's.  This seems kind of ludicrous given the superior technology the aliens have always possessed.  If there had been a war, we would have lost it long before Roswell.  &quot;They&quot; can do whatever they want with us, and we all know it.  The author self-servingly indicates his office and their actions in seeding technology to industry, was responsible for winning the war with the aliens.  Come on.  This kind of thinking puts the entire book on questionable footing.  However, it is an interesting book, full of personal accounts of meetings, interactions, and activities of some of the people who undoubtedly were involved in the kind of activities the author discusses.  So for someone who is seriously interested in learning more about UFO's, the govt. secrets, etc., I think eventually this will be considered a &quot;must read.&quot;  I gave it 3 stars; I would have  given it 3 and a half, despite my reservations, but the choice was either 3 or 4.  I am glad I read this book.
0679720200|5.0|This is simply a book which grabs hold of you and forces you to examine yourself. I first read the book in 1983, and not a day goes by that I don't think of M. in his prison.
0446605409|5.0|Being a Long Islander all my life, I found Plum Island expecially compelling.  I didn't want the story to end.
B000002B7U|5.0|This CD is worth buying just for the title song.  The Ultimate Sin is a great, hard rocking song. You have to be driving a car, fast, to really appreciate this song.
0316921173|1.0|To compare this book to Pynchon (among others) does Pynchon a great diservice.  At least Pynchon, has humor, literary references, etc.  With this book you get 300 pages of sob story amatuer tennis stories and a few paragraphs of interesting subjects.  My advice to Mr. Wallace cut the semi-autobiographical tennis crap (no body wants to hear it anyway) and write a good story.
B00000255F|5.0|For those of you who long for true rock and roll, this album is for you.  This is not guitar smashing, drum beating noise like you so often here today, but a sound that elevates rock and roll to an art form.  The title track explodes with energy, while &quot;Thunder Road&quot; reminds you of a transition from innocence to something more.  The lyrics and musical talent of the band combine to place the listener in the song itself, and feel the same emotions as the characters that are being portrayed.  The album culminates in &quot;Jungleland&quot;, a symphony of rock and roll that could perhaps be the greatest song ever recorded.  This album is a must for any true rock and roll lover.
B000002C4J|5.0|Great CD!  Celine has a beautiful voice.  I especially like the content--upbeat, positive, clean.
B000002NHN|5.0|I was lured into buying this CD after hearing &quot;The Mummers' Dance&quot; on the radio and instantly falling in love with the song.  Two months later, I'm glad to say that &quot;The Book of Secrets&quot; is not a CD I'll keep solely for the sake of that one track.  McKennitt's newest album is layered with song after beautiful song, echoing the Celtic tradition with inflections of the Middle East; truly a &quot;book of secrets&quot; with greater and greater treasures to discover as one goes along.  Listeners will be enchanted with McKennitt's lovely voice--which can be both delicate and strong--and her lush, skillful instrumentals.  With tracks such as &quot;The Mummers' Dance,&quot; &quot;Marco Polo,&quot; and a powerful musical setting of Alfred Noyes' poem &quot;The Highwayman,&quot; Loreena McKennitt's pure artistry comes to life and light.
0024181900|5.0|This book should be required reading for all students and professionals.  I cannot praise it highly enough.
0553347845|5.0|This is truly a great book and a must-read for anyone interested in science.  It is humorous and provocative at the same time.  This Nobel Prize winning physicist led an eventful life and has a unique way of recounting it.  I devoured this book in a few days and strongly recommend it.
B000002UA2|5.0|Although most of the people consider &quot;The Dark Side of The Moon&quot; the band's artwork (and i do not disagree), this LP confirms Floyd's capability to compose and perform any kind of songs that take you to a place full of ships, bells and madmen. You can listen to the whole LP, leting yourself go on a free falling from the happiest sunny mountain, through the darkest rainny forest, to a yellow moon that cracks right above your head.   If you're deep down, and want to take a strange long trip, but still carying your sorrow with you, this is the LP, and, definitelly, this is your group; the masters of the alter-ego.
B000002ULS|5.0|I can't begin to tell someone how wonderful this band and album are.  There aren't many bands that have a solid album these days, but every song is as good as the next.  The songs are very melodic, catchy, and intelligently written.  I find myself liking it more with every listen.  If you like real alternative music, with well written songs, wonderful melodies, and a full sound, go out and buy this album. It will lift your spirits and stay with you for days! You can't listen to this sitting down!
B00000099Y|5.0|Tool knows exactly how to do it.  This album  is just about pure musical perfection.  It is the  most touching, powerful, intelligent piece of work ever put together.  So good I've already bought it 3 times.  *S*  Dont ask...
0679777547|5.0|This is one of the great ones!  Its treatment of the interplay between fiction and the stories we construct with our lives is both elegant and complex.  It is delightful too, to know that only a select audience can savor the intricacies of the plot.  You must have the intimate knowledge of fiction which comes of love.  The author never resorts to cheap tricks either, the novel satisfies from cover to cover.
B000002U82|5.0|Back in '73, we use to get high just listening to this album... no drugs!  It remains one of the most magical albums of all time.  It is a masterpiece of writing and producing.
B000000YG5|5.0|Most sax is intrusive.  Not Sonny's.  West Indian St. Thomas has great drums too.  &quot;You Don't Know What Love Is&quot; is wonderful.  You might recognize 10 minute long &quot;Moritat&quot; as Mac the Knife. But best of all is &quot;Blue 7&quot;.   NOTHING is better than this.  The best sax and piano overall.  Go for the gold.
B000002N3N|4.0|The Memory of Trees begins my CD collection and I think it is a great start.  Anywhere is is beautiful and I was introduced to some of Enya's other work that I never heard of like Tea House Moon and On My Way Home which is very uplifting and a great sone to end with.  Pax Deorum is strange and disturbing and compelling at the same time.  I think this is a must for Enya fans
B000002MZ6|5.0|This is an album which can be played time and time again. A wonderful combination of natural and synthesized sounds - every track quite different, yet with a easy transition between songs.The album really flows along Enjoyed by new comers to Oldfield's music. Sleeping out in the mountains listening to this is paradise.
B000002NHN|5.0|McKennitt has blown me and others as well far, far away so much that it took us by surprise.  After hearing The Mummers' Song on the radio and listening to the cd recommended by a friend, it was probably the best thing I've heard in a while.  Way to go Loreena!
0553296981|5.0|I never espected such a wonderful piece of writing.  Historical and personal, it covers so many aspects of life.  This detailed account of her two year life within the &quot;Secret Annex&quot; to escape Hitler's &quot;final solution&quot; is extrememly moving. Through it all Anne changes, attempts to understand herself, and keeps a hope for tomorrow.  It is heart-wrenching to know how it will end. One would wish they could read about her complete fulfilled life but alas the diary ends with her life still full of dreams and hardly begun. I would suggest reading Mein Kampf before this (if you can stand to) in order to experience the antithesis of her inward-looking, caring being. It is indeed a stark contrast.  This book speaks plainly of a human reality and an incredible tragedy.
0894808532|5.0|I disagree with the reviewer who said that the devout would hate this book.  The self-righteous and those who believe that they have a direct pipeline to the Almighty will hate this book but for those who understand that claiming to know the mind of God is blasphemy and who understand that humor (though possibly ironic) is a Divine attribute rather than a demonic one, Good Omens is a screaming delight.  Satan was, before the New Testement, one of God's associates.  The relationship between the angel and the &quot;demon&quot; in Good Omens is theologically sound and howlingly funny. Read it and become enlightened.
1573225517|4.0|This is the first Nick Hornby book I've read.  You may not be able to judge a book by its cover, but the bright colors caught my eye, and hence I have read it.  I'd like to thank those designers for their assistance in pointing out this book for me.  I loved it.  I think any music collector/head/nerd can relate to the characters in High Fidelity.  The agony of creating a mix tape.  The victorious feeling after finding an obscure B-side at a garage sale.  The unrealized manner in which music can shape and affect your personality.<br />The story focuses on Rob's relationships with his female companions and loyal record shop employees.  Rob's in his early thirties, and althoug he realizes that he's been alive that long, hasn't really noticed much difference in how he's grown since his early twenties.  Barry (obnoxious record store employee) and Dick (sensitive record store employee), are in a similar time warp.  These three often go through conversations/arguments involving their 5 favorite (fill in this blank with a subject), i.e. movies, songs to hear on a Monday, songs to listen to during a hurricane, songs to bathe your dog by (I'm using a little license here, but it should give you an idea of the characters.)<br />This provides much comic relief, although actually there's comedy throughout.  But the main focus is Rob's agonizing relationship with Laura.  The agonizing is mostly in Rob's head, but can give insight into familiar relationship terrain, including fear of commitment, possessiveness, insecurities, and a few other things that really can't be given a neat one word title.<br />Hornby's best writing features the metamorphosis from what's swirling around in the squishy grey matter that is Rob's brain to what actually comes out of his mouth when he speaks.  This is most evident in Rob's conversations with Laura.  I could give an example of this, but really it's much better to let Hornby take care of that, when you read this book.<br />Hornby writes in brief chapters much like Michael Crichton.  This provi! des for logical breaks from reading, but also pushes you forward, since you know the next chapter is really &quot;just a couple more pages.&quot;  You won't want to put his one down.  I nee to read more Nick Hornby books.
B000002JOF|5.0|Ignore the so-called Crics review! I first heard Chris Rea singing Road to Hell while setting up a Julio Iglesias Concert at The Greek Theatre in Los Angeles, CA. The road Soundman was using it to tune his sound system. Many of us tried to figure out who we were hearing and no one knew. So I went to this guy and asked. That was a great move, as this CD has been a staple in my home and car ever since. I highly recommend it and Auberge,  which may be even better.
0425156842|5.0|Sofies World is very good ! Its not a simple novel ! Its A great BOOK ! Everyone should read it
B000006045|4.0|I hope you can forgive the nauseous pun in my summary.  But what can I say, I miss Tricky's involvement with Massive Attack.  He's taken his music into new terrain on his recent solo albums, but his skills are missed here.  But people move on, we all know that.<br />Massive Attack has also embarked into some new territory with Mezzanine.  The grooves for the most part have become more dense and futuristic, and away from the jazzy soul that appeared on Protection.  SO you may not be able to kick back and relaz when listening to Mezzanine.  The listening is a bit more active, as the music exists in the foreground more so than the background.  <br />They've obviously been listening to what else is going on in the &quot;electronica&quot; (I'm going to puke) category.
B0000062GE|5.0|Two words descibe this album: Powerful and Catchy. Every song on the album has its own unique sound, and most of the songs are excellent. &quot;Everything I Touch&quot;, Track 2 on the album uses the words &quot;Everything I touch I break&quot;, sung in a very catchy way, and makes you feel SW's helplessness in the song. &quot;Save Yourself&quot; has experienced a lot of radio play. &quot;Haunting Me&quot; is also very catchy. My personal favorite is track 8, &quot;Torn Apart&quot;.  The lyrics are the type that I can relate to, as can anybody (if they try). Overall, I say this album is great...definitely buy this if you liked &quot;Wither, Blister, Burn &amp; Peel&quot;. You will enjoy it.
0886461251|5.0|Catch 22 is about army misfits who do everything against the rules. Truly entertaining book. Yhis book will become anyone's 1st place booj.
0553573403|5.0|I have recomended this book to all who have asked.  The sheer number of characters and the depth of each one's development makes this appear as a daunting task to read.  It is NOT.  One does not have to read this book as much as they have to just absorb it.  It is extremely well organized and flows very well.  I am somewhat dissolusioned that the next book is not yet out.  Any person who enjoyed Edding's Belgariad and Mallorean epics or Jordan's Wheel of time will devour this book.  I believe Martin surpasses Eddings and is VERY CLOSE to Jordan.  This is a pleasure to read from start to finish (no Jordan low points).  I hope all enjoy this book as much as I have.
0451191153|5.0|I would recommend this book to anyone. A statement of individual worth to be admired.  A celebration of being human.
0800199421|5.0|I saw this movie with my new wife the night before we flew to Egypt on the first stage of our honeymoon, and I am grateful to her for letting me watch it! It is superb. Oh, I wish Bill Clinton was more like Mr. Ford's fictional Pres! Definitely a movie to watch before flying, if you're up to it. The action scenes, production, special effects, musical soundtrack by the stalwart and excellent Jerry Goldsmith and the photography are first rate. The story is a bit silly, I mean this couldn't happen in real life, Russian renegades invading AF1 posing as reporters, but what the hell, it's just a movie!     END
B000002KAT|5.0|&quot;Van the man's&quot; music and lyrics have giving me the greatest pleasure since childhood.This album and especially &quot;Madame George&quot;rates as one of the best pieces of music ever.
B000003BF1|5.0|This recording forms the anchor of the Stone's big three, Beggars Banquet, Let It Bleed, and Sticky Fingers.  Gimme Shelter and You Can't Always Get What You Want are undeniable classics, but my favorite is Monkey Man, with magnificent piano work by the inestimable Nicky Hopkins (bless his soul) trading off with Keith Richards.  Speaking of which, Keith is at his best on this album.  Highly recommended, a staple of any rock aficionado's collection.
B000002AHC|5.0|It seemed that when this recording came out in early January 1968, it looked on the surface as an attempt to better the Beatles' &quot;Sgt. Pepper's&quot;.  After I listened to it, those thoughts quickly vanished.  The Byrds fused jazz, country, and rock into a very unique and challenging masterpiece.  The band did fall apart, but for one album they evolved into a wonderful experience.  Check the opening track, &quot;Artificial Energy&quot; with its blaring phased horns followed by the poppy &quot;Goin' Back&quot;.  These two tracks will keep you listening for the whole cd.  Also the fading out of songs into the next ones are a nice touch.  The bonus tracks are great as well. &quot;Triad&quot; is wonderful as a torch ballad, plus there is a demo version of track 7 &quot;Change Is Now&quot; called &quot;Universal Mind Decoder&quot; with excellent guitar work by McGuinn.  There is also a hidden track with David Crosby and Mike Clarke fighting over how Crosby wants Clarke to drum right.  This, however, is the least satisfying thing about this wonderful masterpiece.  You will not stop listening to it.  I guarantee.
B000000JO3|5.0|&quot;Hah!&quot; I can hear Ian MacKaye spitting at me. What it means, I don't know. For a one-time suburban kid who happened to date a skater betty for a year or so, this album cleared out my sinuses for all time. No one had more righteous attitude than Ian, and no one yelled it better. Coming from the likes of Pink Floyd, though, I found it a bit jarring at first, but it sinks in, and now there's really nothing to compare with it. I heard this one before Never Mind the Bollocks Here's The Sex Pistols, and to be quite truthful, Johnny Rotten and Co. nearly sound like a frat band compared with Minor Threat. There's just enough melody here to coax a first-time listener in, especially toward the end, and...well, what else can I say? It's probably the best punk album of all time...certainly the best hardcore punk album, and you don't even need to be straight-edge to love it. Absolutely essential.
B000002I6T|5.0|A unique combination of musical talent and seat-of-the-pants engineering, this recording captures a time when Crosby was not yet killing himself, and wally heiders in San Francisco was putting together some of the greatest sounding recordings of the time. There was a lot of atonomy and freedom. The looseness and high quality of this is striking.
B000002NHN|5.0|Whether you're a fan of new age, classical, or pop, you'll find something of interest on this CD. An added bonus is the booklet inside the CD cover, which explains Loreena's travels and motivations in detail.
B0000024JN|4.0|This CD is a winner simply because it offers a simplier sound but also a good beat.  &quot;She's Crafty&quot; represents their humorous side with a bang.  Good for fun, but not their best musically.
B000000XB9|5.0|I have purchased this CD twice in the last 2 years and it has disappeared both times. Obviously everyone else likes it as well as I. My 2 teenage children have also purchased the same CD, though I really think they have my copies. So none the less I will purchase it again. It has brought me a revived feeling of their music and interest in John Fogerty's talent. Thank-you for such great talent John.
0790733226|5.0|In these days, the mainstream Hollywood movies seem to be using too much special effects and even defending on them without a good story telling. Contact is one of a few movies that combines a good story line and a great special effect (even though I think showing Mr. Clinton was a bit too much). We need more of this kind of movie.     END
B000002NHN|5.0|Loreena has one of those voices that just goes right to your soul. 'Mummers Dance' is the eye opener. I am excited to see the great interest in Celtic type music, as it is one of the oldest of musics, and oh so calming to the primevil and midevil soul in all of us. Loreena's voice is as clear and sharp as any voice could ever be and her blending of music sounds is unmatched. I never tire of it all.
6303347657|3.0|As a somewhat cautious viewer of in-your-face comedy I was a bit surprised by the level of enjoyment found in &quot;The Mask&quot;.  Jim Carrey's explosive energy works well as a zoot-suited Tex Avery cartoon character -- he stops at nothing when donning the ancient green mask.  Unfortunately though, these times happen to be amoung the only few highlights of the film.  There is not much in the way of plot or character development. The special effects that are used when the Mask is on screen are phenomanol, and are alone worth watching the film for.  But if you're looking for more, check out the great soundtrack that accompanies the visual effects.  Carrey's rendition of &quot;Cuban Pete&quot; is hilarious and with the revival of swing music, be sure not to miss the performance by Royal Crown Revue.  It's smooookin!!  Fans of Cameron Diaz will find her movie debut as Tina Carlyle, a sultry nightclub singer, the first in a long line of amazing performances.  Another supporting character worth mentioning is Milo the dog, Carrey's nemesis.  Whenever on camera, he steals the scene.  (For a spectacular special effect check out Milo near the end). If your're looking for a fun, energy packed film without too much complication, you'll be sure to enjoy &quot;The Mask&quot;.  If your're not a big fan of Carrey's humor you may want to skip this one, but be assured, it's much easier to swallow than &quot;Ace Ventura: Pet Detective&quot;.     END
B000002ADT|5.0|This is CD I use to introduce friends to jazz -- and as such makes a great &quot;ambassador&quot; album.  The superlatives are wholly justified: this is a frighteningly wonderful recording.<br />Just after the bass/piano intro of So What, Philly Joe hits a spray of the cymbals -- this single moment is ecstasy enough.  And the album has just begun.
0964385619|5.0|If you've ever read a financial book like &quot;The Millionare Next Door&quot;, or, &quot;The Richest Man in Babylon&quot;, and felt there was still something missing, this book will tie it all together for you.  If you've got high-income friends who are still poor, recommend this to them.
B000000WFZ|5.0|This score is one of the most beautiful I have heard in allong while.  I like the poignancy of the mood and the power of notes.  No music collection is compete without this gem.
0451169514|4.0|It's been a while since I've read this book, but I do remember that there were very few parts that got my senses reeling ON THE SPOT.  Just like you can't expect to be drunk immediately after swilling down a beer in 15 seconds or less, you have to finish the book and process it first and then the effects take place.  And, boy howdy, does this book have EFFECTS once you've digested them!  By the way, if they HAD to do a miniseries (which was awful), they should have made it a four or five episode deal like &quot;The Stand&quot;, as there were too many vitally important details cut out of the one they DID make, thus ruining it for those kinds of people who decide on whether or not to read a book by its movie.  Fortunately, I wasn't one of those people.
0804106304|1.0|I had to read this book in seventh grade.  I thought that it was the most boring book I've ever read.  I only passed the tests because I didn't want to fail out of English, usually my favorite subject.  This book is actually so dumb it boggles the mind.  I advise anyone against reading it.
0767802659|4.0|There really isn't much to the story line, but the amazing special effects make up for what it is lacking.  This is just a fun movie to sit back and enjoy all that they have to throw at you.  Its good to occasionally see a movie that doesn't make you think too hard.  Make sure you turn your brain off before viewing, because you definitely won't need it for this one!     END
B000003S5H|5.0|i fell in love with air at first listen - it was a panned video on mtv's awful creation known as &quot;12 angry viewers&quot; (&quot;sexy boy,&quot; that is) and i loved it...especially the floating monkey.  so i went out and bought it, fell in love with &quot;la femme d'argent.&quot;  my french teacher mocked the french for their eccentric taste in music (citing &quot;sexy boy,&quot; and playing a sample) and i fought back.  i played it endlessly and i brought it to work one night (i work in a coffee shop) and i accidently left it there over the weekend, and when i came back it was gone...along with 2 ani cds...but i like air enough that i'll go out and buy it again...
6302973724|5.0|This is a great first look at DM.  If you love the band, you will love this video.  It is all from the &quot;Songs of Faith and Devotion&quot; album tour.  Dave belts out all the songs with such emotion and energy, you just want to get up and dance with him;-)     END
0060977493|5.0|Arundhati Roy manages to capture the essence of India in her book. While reading it, I was amused by phrases that are part of everyday conversation in India and not given much thought by the average person - gum boots, Eagle flasks and tiffins of tomato sandwiches.  The plot itself is the familiar one of star-crossed lovers, but the story is told through the eyes of young children who are confused yet intrigued by the goings-on of a grown-up world. The impact carries over into their lives as adults. Because the book is not written in linear time, but zig zags between past and present, the plot and characters form a large, fascinating jigsaw puzzle. I loved most of the characters, I hated the others, but I felt sorry for them all.  &quot;The God of Small Things&quot; is based in India, but it is a book about human nature. Anyone can relate to it.
0060977493|4.0|Not being very familiar with Indian culture, I was initially a little slow at getting into this story.  However, once I was in, I was IN!  This book is wonderfully written and emotionally evocative.  The characters are very developed, and the book is lyrically haunting and told with such honesty of feeling.  I urge everyone to read it!  I especially enjoyed learning more about India.
B000002JB8|2.0|<br />Undoubtedly Vangelis's most &quot;new-age&quot; album to date, &quot;Oceanic&quot; is eminently listenable, yet altogether too insipid to warrant a strong recommendation.<br /><br />Thinking back to some of his previous albums, I am led to the conclusion that Vangelis's strength lies largely in his ability to create simple yet brilliantly evocative melodies.  This ability was exemplified right from the beginning (witness &quot;To the Unknown Man&quot;); it continued with &quot;Chariots of Fire&quot;, &quot;Antarctica&quot;, and &quot;1492&quot; (among others), and peaked with the scintillating &quot;Direct&quot;.<br /><br />Unfortunately, this melodic mastery is not apparent in &quot;Oceanic&quot;.  The tunes warble in and warble out innucuously enough, but none of them have a melody line that's anything close to memorable.  The resulting experience is somewhat passive: the tunes warble in the background, or even &quot;wash over you&quot; (as one reviewer put it); but lacking a strong central theme, they don't come out and grab you as good music should.<br /><br />In the result, &quot;Oceanic&quot; is a somewhat disappointing work, well below the standard of Vangelis's previous material.  Those who enjoy new-age, warble-type music (and from the number of times I've used &quot;warble&quot; in this review, you can guess that a lot of warbling goes on throughout the album) may well find something of value here.  Indeed, if your tastes are _strongly_ new-age, then don't be put off in the slightest by this review.  As for me, however, &quot;Oceanic&quot; just doesn't pack enough punch.<br />
630460288X|5.0|I completely disagree with Amazon.com's review of this movie. I couldn't even get past the first five minutes of &quot;Austin Powers,&quot; but we watch this movie any time we want to laugh. I can't point to one part of it we like more than others -- basically it's just a good, funny action movie. Enjoy!     END
B000001EJ8|4.0|<br />&quot;Portraits&quot; comprises a wide selection of previously released tracks, greatly divergent in style, and displaying as a result the remarkable range and depth of Vangelis's music.<br /><br />The variation in styles, however, can also be a disadvantage: listening to the album from start to finish, one feels a distinct lack of continuity: the tracks do not, musically speaking, flow into one another -- in contrast with previous albums &quot;Antarctica&quot;, &quot;Voices&quot;, &quot;The City&quot; and &quot;Direct&quot;, where a sense of continuity augmented the impact of the music.<br /><br />In addition, the producers of the album saw fit to &quot;bridge&quot; the tracks -- meaning that track 1 contains the first few seconds of track 2, track 2 contains the first few seconds of track 3, and so on.  I for one find this infuriating, as it is not always the case that one wants to listen to the tracks in precisely the order found on the album.  And, if you do play the tracks in a different order, the effect is that each track has both (a) a few seconds chopped off the beginning, and (b) a few seconds of the next track tacked on the end.  Bridging the tracks is a pointless exercise, and I cannot understand why it was done.<br /><br />Ultimately, however, these are mere quibbles.  &quot;Portraits&quot; is a rewarding selection, and I commend it to anyone who does not already have the albums on which the constituent tracks were originally featured.  The revamped (and previously unreleased) version of &quot;Hymn&quot; is a highlight.<br />
B000001FY9|5.0|If you can only have one reggae album this has to be the one.  Even though Bob Marley never had a bad song, this album is the best of the best.  Every song is a classic.  They express some of the joys, sorrows, fears and fustrations in his shortened life. Every song has a special message. He is truly missed.
0517122707|2.0|My friend had been badgering me for months to read this book and recommended it to our face-to-face bookgroup. I am an avid reader and love satire, humor, and farce as much as anyone, but this book did not do a thing for me. While there are humorous segments in this book, I never once busted a gut laughing or even laughed out loud. Ignatious was obnoxious, which I guess was what he was supposed to be, but if he was attempting to open our eyes to the superficialities of life, he did not succeed. I never really understood just what he DID stand for. I thought it probably pretty autobiographical and can understand how Toole may have ended his life if he in any way identified with his character. Sad, yes. Some redeeming value--maybe. Funny-not!! If you want a read that combines humor, satire, social commentary and anything else you can think of and really want to laugh may I suggest anything by John Irving.
B000002WE9|5.0|This album shows Elvis at his best, interacting with fans and band members. It shows a friendly side of him while wonderfully displaying his musical talents.
0684800713|5.0|I've read &quot;The Sun Also Rises&quot; several times and every time I finish it, I feel like I've just returned from Spain and France where I spent weeks with old friends drinking and partying.  Sure there's not much plot, and sure some of the characters are shallow... but they're great company and it's a lot cheeper to read this book than actually travel to Pamplona.
0312853238|4.0|Ender's Game deals with our first contact with &quot;framlings&quot; as the author names them. There are different angles people see this happening in but, one thing they all have in common, is a misunderstanding among the 2 different species of species. This book describes what may happen in such an event very well... What will happen? you gotta read to find out.
B000000H40|5.0|In a world of trendy corporate sellouts and faceless nobody copycat death bands, one band that refuses to change is Obituary.  This album, their second, is packed full of the usual heavy guitars and utterly inhuman vocals that define the Obituary sound.  Joining them on lead guitar this album is master shredder James Murphy.  His soloing is phenomenal!  The songs are crafted with such an eerie feel, you get goose bumps from beginning to end (the front cover is just as eerie), and John Tardy's lacerating vocals leave you breathless by the album's end.
B000002TYK|4.0|I have to listening to Dave Grohl since Scream. Like many other people, I didn't expect much to ever come from a group fronted by Dave. However, one day I bought the Nirvana single &quot;Heart-Shaped Box&quot; which came with a b-side called &quot;Marigold.&quot; Being a big Nirvana fan, I noticed the absence of Kurt's vocals. I found out that Dave wrote and sang the song himself. This is just a sample of what was to come. &quot;Foo Fighters&quot; fulfilled every expectation I had of Dave Grohl and Pat Smear. The entire album is excellent from &quot;This Is a Call&quot; to &quot;Exhausted.&quot; I'm not one to compare one artist to another, so I'll just say that you will not be let down if you purchase this album. If you like it, also try &quot;The Color and the Shape&quot;
B000002J7U|5.0|This CD is absolutely breath taking.  Synthesizers have far since the 70's and Vangelis always manages to make full use of them.  This album is not for the narrow minded or for opponents of New Age....it is simply relaxing, soothing and mellow (precisely as the genre intends).  Voices is an excellent track as well as Echos, and the tracks with Caroline Lavelle, Paul Young and Stina Nordenstam are incredible too.  Reviewers who dont like this artist should stay away-  This CD is a MUST for fans of Vangelis and New Age!
B000002WYT|5.0|BEST DAVE MATTHEWS BAND CD EVER RELEASED. GREAT SONGS FROM FRONT TO END WITH GOOD BEATS AND GREAT LYRICS. YOUR CD COLLECTION IS NOT COMPLETE WITHOUT CRASH. SO ORDER IT TODAY!
B000002OZY|5.0|I bought the original TOMMY in 1969. It was miles ahead of previous WHO recordings in sound quality alone. The recent MCA re-release captures all the sound not audible on the old LP format. TOMMY is really the WHO's greatest achievement, even though late-comers have a deeper affection for WHO'S NEXT or QUADREPHENIA.
B000000H64|5.0|I'll begin with this:  buy Demanufacture!  There's a few okay songs on the album, but Zero Signal is so perfect, I'd be happy paying full price for that one song!  Self Bias Resistor has an awesome chorus that you'll be singing along to after you've heard it once, and the main  riff in Body Hammer is so heavy, your knees will go so weak you won't be able to stand until the song finishes.  The real prize here, though, is Zero Signal.  It shows how locked together the band is, and incorporates several keyboard sounds with heavy guitar riffs, incredible drumming, and pummeling vocals.  It's a shame more bands can't be this innovative and good!
B000002VCU|5.0|This album explores darker themes and issues  but has some of the most moving orchestrial compositions that the &quot;Project&quot; has ever laid on  tape. This is a &quot;must have&quot; for APP fans.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Being someone who tends to rarely sing, I suprised myself when I caught me singing (rather off-key) but nonetheless-I WAs singing.  Not just any song, but &quot;Paranoid Android&quot;.       This was my poor attempt to decipher how totally terrific this work is.  The first word of &quot;Airbag&quot; sparks your interest and curiosity.  Then, following that, &quot;Fitter Happier&quot; comes in to mess with your mind.  And finally, you are released with a sigh on &quot;The Tourist&quot;.  It's both a musical and emotional experience.      One word of advice, though, from someone who listens to this CD almost everyday- Don't listen to it on gloomy afternoons.  It just messses you up too much.
B000001OAA|5.0|This album ranks among the best ever recorded. There are no bad songs, and there are four very clear standouts that no music fan should be deprived of hearing. &quot;Milk&quot;, the haunting, sultry, powerful closer, must rank among the best songs in history. &quot;Queer&quot;, &quot;Only Happy When It Rains&quot;, and &quot;Vow&quot; just plain rock. Garbage has the fullest sound I've ever heard, and makes for superior listening. This album is less electronically-based than Version 2.0, but the electronica is there, and anyone who likes the new album should check out the old one. This album has done quite well but is criminally undercelebrated. If you're considering it, go for it.
B000002H2H|5.0|Fight Fire with Fire, Ride the Lightning, For Whom the Bell Tolls, Fade to Black, Trapped Under Ice, Escape, Creeping Death, Call of Ktulu, James Hetfield, Lars Ulrich, Cliff Burton, Kirk Hammett, Metallica, buy, buy, buy, buy, buy!!!!!!!  IT CAN'T GET ANY BETTER!!!!!!!
B000003S16|5.0|To add the other comments here on what is certainly Fripp's most dirverse solo work.  From the sleeve notes:<br />This album was originally conceived as the third part of an MOR trilogy with Daryl Hall's solo album &quot;Sacred Songs&quot; and Peter Gabriel's second solo album &quot;peter gabriel&quot;, both of which Fripp produced and contributed to.<br />It includes Gabriel's prefered version of &quot;Here Comes The Flood&quot;.<br />Musicians include: Barry Andrews, Phil Collins, Brian Eno, Robert Fripp, Peter Gabriel, Daryl Hall, Peter Hammill, Tony Levin, Jerry Marotta, Sid McGinniss, Terre Roche and Narada Michael Walden.
B000002BYD|5.0|Well, it comes off like Ten, but with more consistency, so, yes.  The opening track &quot;Brain of J&quot; and &quot;Do the Evolution&quot; sound heavier than anything PJ has ever done before.  &quot;Given to Fly&quot; has a Zepplin-esque sound to it, &quot;Wishlist&quot; is a nice little ditty with some good riffs on it, and, finally, YOU CAN HEAR THE BASS!
B000000OMJ|5.0|I am somewhat in shock that no Gabriel fan has yet written a review for this amazing disc. The production is first-rate and was so very much ahead of its time. To make a long story short, the album is mainly about desperation, alienation and a dissatisfaction with society's norms. It is a very literate and moving piece of music which must be taken in as a whole work, not a segment of a greatest hits album...yuk! Check it out for yourself, you will not be disappointed.
B000006NPY|3.0|The songs are ok, but there's virtually no guitar and no drumming whatsoever.  Instead of drumming, they put in techno, which is the worst format of music on the planet.  But at least Corgan's singing is still intact, and some nice bass riffs too.
0553573403|3.0|A Game of Thrones has its share of flaws -- multiple, shifting viewpoints that sap the narrative's strength, a non-existent conclusion and occasionally irritating repetitive expressions. The constant jumping from one character to another made me first read the Daenerys' sections of the story, then the rest.  The author could have made an effort to provide at least a provisional conclusion. He goes into considerable, often flavorful detail, but sometimes this becomes annoyingly repetitive. How many times do the readers need to hear that people are given &quot;milk of the poppy&quot; against pain? The predominance of teens and pre-teens who are saving the world is reminiscient of Ender's Game, but even less believable. Daenerys, for example, should be at least 16-17 to be believable. All in all, it is a work head and shoulders above the verbose and badly plotted drivel of Robert Jordan or the infantile Eddings and Brooks. Martin's storyline is quite compelling, the world is well drawn and most of the characters are quite  interesting. I will buy the next book.
B00000099Y|5.0|Tool's always released great music and this is the best they've ever wrote.  &quot;Stinkfist&quot;, &quot;H&quot;, &quot;3rd Eye&quot;, and &quot;Hooker With a Penis&quot; are the best songs and show how Tool is going to be one of the bands that brings rock back from the dead.
067101756X|5.0|This book reads like an episode of the X-files written by Tom Clancey. Really enjoyable. <br />One of the best UFO books, I've ever read, has everything, dead aliens, paranoia, car chases, shootouts, a plot between the CIA and the KGB. Even a behind the sceens look at Stalin's own UFO program! Excellent stuff.
B000001Y42|5.0|I hate rap.  I despise it, I detest it, I want Puff Daddy to die! I miss the Beastie Boys, but these guys sure as hell know how to make a good rap song.  Fred Durst sounds like one of the Beastie Boys and the guitarist and bass players actually get to perform some great music instead of normal &quot;Let's take some stupid crap and place it in thebackground so you have to listen to Puff Daddy&quot; kind of noise, they play MUSIC.  Great album, especially for rap.
B000006NPY|5.0|It's the Smashing Pumpkins all right, with Billy Corgan's creaking voice lilting over the gentle guitars and drum loops, with the occasional piano interlude thrown in.  However, unlike most modern music stars, Billy and James and D'arcy refuse to stand still, moving on, constantly changing, and staying relevent while also staying true to their roots as some of the principal founders of rock as we know it today.  While the Pumpkins on their last album (Mellon Collie) seemed to be trying to follow in Led Zeppelin's footsteps (and doing well I might add) they seem now to be moving on to a mix of latter day Beatles (The Tale of Dusty and Pistol Pete remnicient of the style of The Fool on the Hill) and Pink Floyd's trippy lyrics, displayed on Behold! The Night Mare.
B000003TBP|5.0|Beck can bend genres, almost every form of music ever mad is on this 1 album, which is alone worth 5 stars, but I fear that Beck needs to find his completemusical calling, he can't keep doing this forever, he has to find one genre and stick to it!
B000002BYD|5.0|Dare I say it?  This is the best Pearl Jam album EVER.  Hands down it blows all the others away.  Eddie Vedder seems to be the 90's Jim Morrison, gaining confidence and singing power along the way.  While their first release was steeped in what sounded like low moaning from the lead singer, he has since moved on to bigger and better things.  And the band has grown too.  Pearl Jam have moved to a more rave-up, loose style since their over-produced early releases.  Stemming from their experimentation on Vitalogy and No Code (Both great albums) the band has thrown caution to the wind, sounding like a muscle car bursting out of the gate.  Listen to &quot;Do the Evolution&quot;  It is the best song Pearl Jam have ever done.  And in it the lyrics explore the hypocricy of modern society, &quot;I'm a thief, and I'm a liar, there's my church... I sing in the choir.&quot;
B000002HRE|1.0|This isn't Metallica, these are evil clones who are here to make one hit wonders like the Spice Girls, BSB, and Savage Garden look good.  ...And Justice for all this isn't.  &quot;Low Man's Lyric&quot; is the only halfway decent song on the album (which is odd because it goes at 3mph).  Even &quot;Load&quot;, their other sellout album, had 2 great Metalla-esque songs that kept hope alive for great music (&quot;Hero of the Day&quot; and &quot;King Nothing&quot;), but now this album has killed them.  R.I.P. Metallica,       -Fan no More
B000000W3G|5.0|Each disc on the exhaustive 5 cd set of &quot;the aeroplane flies high&quot; is composed around a musical theme.  The singles each contain 5 or 6 songs that are similar in genre.  For example, the zero single contains songs that are heavy metalish, while 1979 contains quiet, more contemplative songs.  This is a good choice in sequencing the set, enabling the listener to pick which type of song they are in the mood to hear. While they are leftovers, they are as good as any A-side the Pumpkins release, and that's saying something.
B000002G1Y|5.0|This C-D was the best.  My sister won't stop singing every single song.
B000002C1X|5.0|This is deep. A classic. One of my favorite albums and one you can listen from start to finish with no need to reach for the remote control, except perhaps for turning the volume up.<br />You have to experience it to understand it.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Radiohead's OK Computer is one of the best albums of the decade - simple. Every track causes a different, strong emotion, and every one has lyrics that will leave you thinking about them for weeks. It is bothe uplifting and depressing, and has all the makings of a masterpiece.
B000002UVX|5.0|I've listened to this recording constantly since it came out and am still astounded by some of Jimi's playing. In fact there are spots where JH's guitar takes on a life of its own (guitar coughs, JH wrings it out, etc...). And the fluidity of his playing was never better. A classic that will still be unequalled 100 years from now.
0790729342|5.0|I thought this movie was a mind-blowing, edge-of-your-seat experience when I first viewed it at the age of twelve. It has just the right blend of post-nuclear war pessimism, adventure, violence, and science fiction entertainment for three movies. The spectacular culminating chase scene is a feast for the eyes. Countless rip-offs were done following this 1981 film's release, and the whole saga was as phenomenal as this film. But what separates this film from &quot;Mad Max&quot;and &quot;Beyond Thunderdome&quot;was that this adventure epic had not a dull moment to it, and countless viewings later have not toned the film down. This movie should come with a bag of popcorn, it's surely needed.    George Miller(the director) has made plenty of good films in his career(example; Lorenzo's Oil), but this is the top if the line. To me and my family, it's the &quot;Gone with the Wind&quot; of adventure films. It has special moments in it, and the cinematography is a plus. Intelligent dialogue abounds, but the conversations in the film take the back seat in this thriller. If ever there was a movie to rent and watch on a Saturday night, this is it. This Australian export is a sure-fire, action-packed viewing experience for those of us who think that they don't make movies like they used to.    This is one of those &quot;old-fashioned&quot; adventure films that never lets up.    NOTE;The Director's cut DVD version of this film has recovered scenes and has the films original gore restored. Not for the sqeamish.     END
B000003S1A|5.0|Adrian Belew and Robert Fripp play off each other as though it is Hendrix and McLaughlin. Add the unstoppable rhythm section of Bruford and Levin and you do have the super quartet of the early 80's. Listen to Belew's roaring guitar on Elephant Talk. Fripp's guitar synth solo on Sheltering Sky. The incredible quartet interplay on Indiscipline. This is one of KC's finest recordings! Don't Miss it!
156100572X|3.0|Overall, I enjoyed this book. However, I began to get a little bored with the court room scenes.  Thankfully, there was enough relief from that in other scenes that moved the plot forward.  I like the author's style, but for some reason, this book didn't grab me. I'm hoping Blood Work is better because it's already on my list of books to read.
0385484518|5.0|It's almost a cliche -- seeking more from life when you are fairly successful, have a job you like, lots of &quot;stuff&quot;.  However, when you find that not all those things are giving you satisfaction; when you find yourself discontent with your surroundings; when not all the success keeps you company during the dark nights of self-doubt:  pick this one up.<br />At the very least, you should spend at least two minutes looking out a window enjoying the view.  If you are lucky, the feelings engendered by this book  will last longer than that.
0884271536|4.0|TOC is OK for simple operations that are run by really stupid managers, but fails to offer a lot of assistance for real world problems in a moderately complex organization.  I think the book High-Mix Low Volume Manufactring by Mahoney does a much better, if much more boring, job of explaining the complex decision making process that is really needed.  For example, it is rare that operations or logistics knows the status of jobs, or the operators, or the equipment, or the material, as well as is needed to take full advantage of any of the techniques, even in a fairly small plant.  This results in information &quot;noise&quot;.  Add to this variable delay time, and the combination acts to reduce the effectiveness of any control system: this is basic feedback theory.  TOC works well in stable (low mix) environments, but may not lead to the most efficient operation in other settings.
B000001F9N|4.0|After her first Casablanca album, Love To Love You Baby sold gold, Donna Summer followed up that success quickly with another album; &quot;A Love Trilogy&quot;.  This album contains the surprise hit &quot;Could It Be Magic&quot;.  This revved up Barry Manilow song unmasked the Diva behind the novelty singer.  of course there's some Love To Love You-ish songs on the album for the fans who came back for more; the long playing &quot;Try me I Know We Can Make It&quot; and the techno tune, &quot;Wasted&quot;.  Both songs are forerunners of &quot;I Feel Love&quot;.  Moroder &amp; Bellote's symphonic arrangements make for a lush backdrop to this trilogy.  Donna belts it out on the final siren song &quot;Come With me&quot;.  The album is a delight.
B000003TSP|5.0|I PERSONALLY LOVED THIS ALBUM.IT HAS GREAT REPLAY VALUE,BUT I RECOMMEND YOU TRY IT OUT BEFORE YOU BUY IT.I THINK IT IS ONE OF THOSE ALBUMS YOU ABSOLUTELY LOVE OR HATE.
0425107469|5.0|This was a great, great book.  I was hooked from the very opening scene.  One thing I liked was that there were many subplots that all came together into one.  The charecters were well developed, and you felt for all of them.  Even though this may sound like a book only animal lovers would like, thats not true, this is a book than everyone should read.
B0000025GW|5.0|This album has special meaning for me -- it was the first album I ever bought!  When I first listened to it (probably 10 years ago) I was immediately disappointed with the gospel/Christian tone and lyrics, and was put off by what I considered &quot;preachy&quot; music.  As the years rolled by, however, and my exposure to Dylan's music increased, this album rose in my estimation.  Now I consider it &quot;a real winner.&quot;  Unlike albums which provide pleasure immediately, but whose bloom quickly fades, &quot;Slow Train&quot; grows on the listener.  I think that this album is full of good songs, such as &quot;Man Gave Names to All the Animals&quot; (the song is a real delight) and &quot;Gotta Serve Somebody&quot; -- fun to sing, fun to listen to, fun to imagine Dylan singing.  It is a well written and entertaining set.  Sure, sure, there are Christian undertones in the lyrics, but they don't necessarily take away from the song.  I think that, for me, the delay in appreciation was due to my early wariness about the Christian message Dylan was, no doubt, offering.  Now I recognize these aspects of the album, but am not threatened by them.  I suppose that this album, to a large degree, can be thought of as a page out of Dylan's diary.  While all albums provide windows into the author's psyche, this particular work is, I think, an especially clear portal to an especially interesting mind.
0553573411|4.0|I've read fantasy for about 30 years and I was sure I could predict the ending...wrong! Hobb takes a fairly standard story and does new things with it. I have not read the third book but but have great expectations. As far as I'm concerned, Hobb writes better than Tad Williams or Robert Jordan.
0312853238|3.0|On the one hand this book is a real pageturner. I really got involved with the story &amp; cared about the characters. There were pages I read over &amp; over &amp; over again. On the other hand the book is a real pageturner. I really got trapped in these people's torturous lives. There were pages that made me want to throw this book over &amp; over &amp; over a cliff. I have recommended it, but I'd never recommend it to a younger reader.
0441003257|1.0|If you have read all of the other reveiws of this book you can now disregard them.  The reveiwers must be serious binge drinkers.  If your expecting Douglas Adams type humor in this book you'd be better of finding it in an L. Ron Hubbard book.  I am a fan of Neil Gaiman's and thoughly enjoyed Neverwhere and his Sandman graphic novels, but this book was not in his style, and not up to par with his other works.  This book was very predictable to say the least.  The humor was stale, and the characters were lame.  Save your money.  This book isn't worth the paper it's printed on.
B000002C4J|1.0|&quot;My Heart Will Go On&quot; is an exceptionally beautiful song, and showed great promise. Unfortunately it is the only good song on the CD. My advice to Celine: stop trying to imitate Barbara Streisand's voice and style, and imitate instead her talent for understanding what is special about her own voice. You can do better than this!
B000001EG6|5.0|I found this album in a thrift store store years ago when I was 12 years old. This album fostered my love for this wonderful artist. Of all his albums past to present, this one is at the top of my list. If you are a lover of Elton's music, this is a must have.
B000002C4J|3.0|The only song good are Treat Her Like A Lady and  My Heart will go on. I'd prefer Falling into you over this album!
B000002N3N|5.0|'Trees&quot; offers Enya with more touch-you-in-your- heart selections.  Has special meaning to me due to loss of one who was special to me. Really read the words to 'On My way Home' and see if it does the same thing to your heart where one you love is concerned! A rather different type of composition from what Enya has offered in the past.&quot;Anywhere&quot; should be obligatory for Swing Choirs in the future! La Sonadora is really moving &amp; spiritual!  Great tracks for this CD.
B000002H33|5.0|When I first listened to this record, I wasn't sure if it is really the same Metallica who recorded &quot;Load&quot;. This album is the most incredible thing that I have ever listened to. You can hear there influence of Black Sabbath (for me nothing strange, Sabbaths are just the best), specially on &quot;Damage inc&quot; &amp; &quot;Battery&quot;. I think that in 1986 drugs really worked for Metallica. Song &quot;Master of puppets&quot; is the best example. In my opinion this is the best Metallica's album and they will never record anything like this anymore. Perhaps if Cliff didn't die.... If anyone wants to get in touch with me just write to my adresse.
B000001DYY|5.0|Although some critics didn't like this album, I'm sure it's the best. Orzabal showed that he doesn't need Curt by his side, and all the 10 tracks of the album are greats, much more criative  than any other.
B000003TBP|5.0|I have listened to Odelay a thousand times and I'm still not tired of it.  If you like any kind of music you'll like it, because it has a little of everything.
0446605409|4.0|I am a HUGE Demille fan, and Plum Island did not let me down!  Nothing like sitting on a plane and laughing out loud ( I am so tempted to explain the laugh to a stranger next to me while I wipe away tears and try to compose myself).  Intrigue, sex and humor, all my favorties!
0061002860|5.0|buy this book.  the ending in this very english book is the most amazing, daring, intelligent, and quite close to pushing all boundaries of mystery. but these books as well----and then there were none, abc murders, the man in the brown suit.  trust me.
0800177177|4.0|Before the TV show made us care about the star-crossed affair of a teen-ager with the onus of saving the world from vampires, and her undead vampire lover, there was Bram Stoker's Dracula, the star-crossed affair of a young woman and her undead lover with the onus of killing people to stay alive.<br />   As a film, this had some things working against  it for me. I've never been a big fan of Oldman, Reeves, or Ryder; nor have I liked any of the previous film versions which ranged from silly to pretentious. And, that familiar, most-crippling blow for almost any film adaptation lies in this: I've read, and happen to like, the book.<br />   Coppola pulls it off, by adding some beautiful scenery and photography and remaining more true to the book than anyone ever has. Oldman's performance isn't your standard Dracula (though it's standard Oldman, I'm afraid), which is a refreshing change, and I actually *like* Winona Ryder in this - the woman seems born to play characters in period garb, if nothing else. Keanu Reeves remains low in my estimation, the only film I can tolerate him in still being &quot;Speed.&quot; But heck, odds are you've all seen the movie and have your opinions formed - how's the DVD, right?<br />   The phrase &quot;damn near featureless&quot; comes immediately to mind. No trailers, cast bios, director's commentary, extra footage, or other knickknacks we spoiled videophiles have come to expect. Just a two-sided disc, one P&amp;S and one Widescreen, with language tracks in English, Spanish and French with subtitles in Korean and Spanish. A choice of 2-channel or 5.1 Dolby Digital is included. Pretty sparse pickings for an Academy Award winner, but the 130-minute length of the film may have lowered the options you could cram on. The only disk I've found more disappointing from a features persective in my collection is &quot;Matilda,&quot; which is a straight P&amp;S transfer to DVD, with diddly-squat for extras.<br />On the positive side, the &quot;BS'D&quot; is beautifully transferred and sound qual! ity is good, though my set-up doesn't permit judging the quality of various audio effects. As a piece of DVD mastering, it's a competent if unexciting piece of work. <br />Like &quot;Matilda,&quot; I'd recommend this disc only to two types of people: those who love the film so much they're in danger of wearing out their VHS copy (me, in the case of &quot;Matilda&quot;) or those who haven't purchased a VHS version of the film but plan to add it to their collection for whatever reason (me, in the case of this film). The disc isn't worth tossing aside your taped version of the movie otherwise, and it'd be wiser to buy something you don't have instead of doubling this film in your library just because it's on DVD.     END
0140379851|1.0|If Matilda existed and if she really had anything between her ears, she would not like this book.  The humor consists of endless repetitions of the scathing insult &quot;You little twit.&quot;  Matilda, who has had no exposure to intelligent conversation and has never heard of mathematics, has an adult vocabulary at two years and can multiply any numbers in a second, not to mention pushing things with her eyes.  Roald Dahl's sick humor and pathological desire to revolt are ever-present.  The only thing that can be said for it is that it might conceivably encourage children to read more.  However, this is no use if readers are bent on, against all common sense, reading Matilda over and over again.
B000002C25|5.0|This is the best CD Oasis has released. I love every song (except for the first track). The melodies are good and so is the music. I definitely reccomend this one!
0399128964|5.0|Okay, so how many people have read Dune and thought it was a great book? Practically everybody who has read it. Don't even mention the movie (which had and still has potential, but wasn't realized). Great imagery, detail, and a familiar but still compelling story. I read this book when I was ten-and who's into reading at that age? But I loved it...it became my Koran (since I'm Muslim-I read the Koran too on occasion, but I still go back to Dune). It is an epic classic!!!
B000002NHN|5.0|I was drawn to this CD by &quot;The Mummers' Dance&quot; as doubtless many people were, but here's a secret... it's not even the second best song on the album.  That slot  goes to &quot;The Highwayman&quot;, a fine romantic and tragic  rendition.  The best track?  &quot;Dante's Prayer.&quot;  Highly spiritual; juxtaposes love of God and romantic love beautifully.  The album shines from start to finish with McKennitt's haunting voice and Eastern influences in the music.  I wish I could give it *ten* stars.
6300183971|3.0|Nobody hates the book. The book is magnificant. A lot of people hate the movie, and with good reason. I like the movie, but watching it makes one realize where it went wrong. It's not as confusing as people make it out to be (but I'm one who thinks so...). The TV longer version was also a misfire. The film is filled with lush imagery and great effects (in certain areas anyway-half the time, it's obvious that the production company got lazy). The cast is in fine form, with strange and compelling performances that both complement their characters but also play in the style of a David Lynch film. The music is exceptional (from Toto and Brian Eno), but was poorly edited (like the fx and most of the movie-both TV versions and the theatrical). Length was certainly a problem, but even when Universal made the TV versions without Lynch's consent they still couldn't save what they had already doomed. If they had allowed Lynch to make his film as long as he wanted, God knows it would have been better. All in all, it's not a bad film, it was just poorly done. At least a miniseries is being made (but I have my doubts about that because Lynch's visuals made the film a perfect tie-in with the novel-as I read the book, I could see certain things in my head, and when I saw the film a year or so later I noticed a lot of them had come out). Simply put, unrealized potential.     END
B000002HAF|5.0|See, when you first listen to Doolittle, you say to yourself &quot;my, this is fantastic.&quot; When you first listen to surfer rosa you say to yourself &quot;I can't wait to listen to Doolittle again.&quot; But you must perservere. Because in the end, the songs you thought were noise, become so melodic they break your body with pleasure. And they keep growing and growing and growing on you until you start to desire running abord a ship that is never coming back, with one possesion in your hand. This album. And then you can lament for your abondoned love and her blood and sweat. Because somehow, they remind you of something...
B000002UJQ|5.0|These are some words to describe this CD:  Amazing, riveting, beatiful, revolting (because it's so true), majestic, mezmorizing ... I could go on forever.  Thom's lyrics, his voice, the music, it's just all so amazing.  You can't stop listening to it.  I have heard some of their older stuff, but I was never a big fan.  I just thought they were good music, but nothing to rant and rave about.  When I first heard all of the reviews for OK Computer, before hearing the music, I thought, &quot;What a bunch of crap!&quot;  They're a good band, but not THAT good.  I thought the critics were being just like they always are:  useless.  But, when I bought the CD (just for the hell of it, to decide for myself) I knew they were all right.  It was the best CD of all time.  It's pure genious.
B000005JEV|5.0|This is the BEST of all of Blondie's albums a MUST have Long live Blondie!!!!!!
B0000025BA|5.0|There is a picture of the quilt that Carole King embroidered on the album &quot;Tapestry&quot;. How appropriate, because this album wraps you up in the senitmental emotions the songs put forward. &quot;So Far Away&quot;, &quot;Home Again&quot;, and &quot;It's Too Late&quot; send shivers. Carole King proves with this album that she is a keen lyrics writer and a great performer (her keyboard work is outstanding). James Taylor makes nice contributions to the album as well.
B000000WFU|5.0|Jenkins has written some of the most beautiful choral music I have ever heard.  He also has a second Adiemus project (adiemus II) that follows the lines of this one, but with differences.
B000002KDM|5.0|Mud Slide Slim is probably my favorite JT album, the one I consistently go back to -- like comfort food. I've listened to the album hundreds of times since I first discovered it in the early eighties, and I still don't think I'll ever tire of hearing it. My album favorites? I guess they'd have to be &quot;You Can Close Your Eyes&quot; and &quot;Long Ago and Far Away.&quot; I've even learned to play them in rudimentary fashion on the guitar. Thank you, James, for nearly half a lifetime of musical nourishment for my soul!
B000002KDX|5.0|Truely a forgotten classic.  Some of the lyrics may not be the most profound, but the music is some of the best to come out of that time.  If you love accoustic guitars, buy this album.  My personnal favorite is Three Roses.
B000002GQK|5.0|In my opinion, this is the Moody Blues' best studio album. Although they start off with a very unusual, mostly instrumental/special effects &quot;song&quot; which appears to trace the history of humankind, from there on it is pure Moody Blues. The songs are lavish, thought-provoking, and utterly entertaining. The album has a certain &quot;Middle Earth&quot; quality to it which seems to transport the listener to another time and another place ... where things are difficult, but both hopeful and tolerable. I've listened to this album well over a hundred times since 1971, and it is probably my all time favorite of all genres.
B000005C1B|5.0|If you're interested in great music....plus a dazzling video performance (greatly done in black &amp; white) by all means this is one you want for your collection......................I'm looking for something comparable.  Does such a thing exist?
B000006O7C|4.0|A very good album, that could be rated anything from 3-5 stars. It is impossible to separate the man from his music, and as a collectable this is an essential item. The booklet that accompanies this CD is revealing, and the second CD rough but musically stimulating. Listening to Buckley  is akin to listening to Nick Drake (another talented musician who died too soon). Unlike Drake who suffered from severe depression,  Buckley's joy for life shines through. <br />This is not as polished as &quot;Grace&quot;, but more rewarding to repeated listens. Rewards open mindedness.
0670880728|5.0|I'd heard so much hype about this book that I was afraid that it would be too common. However, I read the first diary entry, then the second...and four hours later I was in a funk because I'd finished it so quickly! I want to be Bridget's friend. I can relate to her in so many ways. It is an easy read, but Fielding writes Bridget so well that you don't feel like you're getting a cheap thrill! Bravo for Bridget!
0393312836|5.0|This book is the best book i ever read, it is even better than Stanley Kubrick's film with Malcolm McDowell. It is a very nice, well-writen story, which make you cry whenever Alex, the main character of the story is in trouble, and laugh everytime he laughs. I really recommend this book to everyone.
B000001I0Q|5.0|the lords of the new church had a very unique sound. that sound still stands out in the late 90's. this album is the embodiment of that sound and concept. Truely, one of the best albums ever of goth rock.
B000002C25|3.0|Oasis finally managed what their last two albums couldn't quite pull off: failure. At least, failure in an artistic sense, anyway. Songwriter Noel Gallagher's hooks have always been painfully derivative of The Beatles, but now he seems to have decided to hang a sign around his neck with lyrics like: &quot;The fool on the hill and I feel fine,&quot; and &quot;Down the long and winding road and back home to you.&quot; And those are just the ones that spring to mind. Also, he's named one of his songs &quot;Stand By Me,&quot; which is hardly original, either. Hell, Lennon even covered a song of the same name, a song which dates back decades. There's not a copyright on names, no, but still, certain titles reach the point of public awareness that they should then be left alone by future songwriters. &quot;Stand By Me&quot; would definitely qualify as one of those titles. All of this could be forgiven, though, if Noel had concentrated on songwriting rather than production. People accused The Beatles of overproduction on Abbey Road, but Noel's one up on them with Be Here Now. There's so much going on in the back that I'm tempted to roll up my windows, only to realize that what I'm hearing isn't a passing plane or street noise, but is, in fact, coming from my stereo. The album does have its positives. Liam's voice, for once, works. He seems to have found a way to control the breaks that always seemed to emerge before, quite painfully so; and, he can actually hold a note for a reasonable period of time, now. And the drumming by Alan White is still consistently some of the best around. A few of the songs are even quite good, though not many. The album's few true highlights include &quot;My Big Mouth&quot;; &quot;Magic Pie,&quot; sung by Noel, which uses original lyrics to conjure up the life of a one-time rock 'n' roll star who's come and gone; &quot;The Girl In The Dirty Shirt&quot;; and the radio-friendly &quot;Don't Go Away.&quot; All said, not a great record, and certainlynot anywhere near as good as thei! r previous two records, both of which were listenable from front to back. Hardcore fans will find enough to please with this album, but to the uninitiated, I would recommend a sturdy dose of &quot;(What's The Story) Morning Glory&quot; as your introduction to Oasis. Save this album for last.
0140042520|5.0|Dharma Bums is Jack Kerouac at his height of spirituality and utter happiness.  This book, with a plot more enticing than On the Road but no less heartfelt, encourages readers to expand their own views of self and the universe while enjoying Kerouac's own interpretations of life and his coming Buddahood.
B00000099Y|5.0|Tool has taken innovation and creativity to a whole new level in modern music.  Maynard is without a doubt the best lyricist of our generation.  Its too bad that the band attracts the juvenile mosh-pit enthusiast demographic as a by-product of their incredibly aggressive and flawless musicianship.  It sours things just a little to know that there are so many &quot;Tool fans&quot; out there who cannot even begin to experience Tool's work the way the band intends it to be experienced.  But for those of us who do, we carry out the end to the means that is Tool........       We evolve.
B000002UA2|4.0|A movie soundtrack album that has a slow pacing offset with song that are jarringly cutting. A must for fans.
B000002UZ4|5.0|Can you believe this - I have had to buy this CD twice.  People keep stealing it.  I know that's bad, but it nice to spread great music around.  Eagerly awaiting a new album.
0670880728|4.0|I very much enjoyed this book.  The only problem I had with it was that I was unfamiliar with some catch phrases that the English use.  I was able to call a friend who moved to New York from England a few years ago, and follow the meaning of the book more thoroughly.  I am in my 30's, single, have parent problems, dating problems, constant weight problems and related to this character better than any other I have ever read.  Can't wait for her next book!
0399128964|5.0|There isn't much to be said that hasn't been said already, but suffice it to say that Dune is the most original, well-crafted, well-told, brilliant, and all around best sci-fi book EVER written.  I know plenty of people who've read it and hated it, and I used to be one of them.  Anyone who refuses to wait until they're a matured adult and read it again is in a literary vacuum.  Both myself and my best friend benefitted from rereading it, while another friend of mine has only read it once, and &quot;suffered through it&quot;.  To those who think Dune is clichd, all I can say is, learn to read.  You have no idea how much it will benefit your lives.  Dune is the most detailed, original, meticulouly thought out, colorful, and exciting sci-fi universe ever to be contained in one volume, and that's putting story, characters, and writing style aside.  No science fiction library is complete without it.
0670880728|5.0|I'm a Singleton in a Big City.  I'm searching for a man who is not a moron, a misogynist, an idiot or otherwise malfunctional.  Bridget is my British doppelganger and she sees everything with so much more wit that I can only DREAM of being like her!  (If only she weren't fictional!) I only wish that there was a tiny bit more meat to it--I deVOURed this in one beautiful Sunday of sitting around in my t-shirt and boxer shorts in bed. I wish it weren't over.<br />  I don't feel more intellectually stimulated after reading this book, I just feel a lot more lighthearted.  I, too, am recommending this to everyone I know.
B0000009SI|5.0|One of my favorites--up there with Hot Rats, Overnight Sensation, and One Size Fits All.  Tight musicianship, playful lyrics (very tame by today's standards), and an innovative, postmodern mix of styles.  All Zappa aficionados should own this Zappa classic.
B0000028W9|5.0|Even better than &quot;I'm Your Man,&quot; and that was perfect.
B000005RRF|5.0|If you have one Marillion Album it is probably this one this gave them the chart success that had eluded them and took them out of the &quot;darkness of worldwide cult status&quot;. I remember hearing a demo version of the album at The Brixton Academy in 1983/4 it was very rough and lacked a little of the honed polish of the final album but the embryonic tracks and the genre of the album were apparent.           If you are into smoking illegal substances and listening to mellow sounds then this is not your music......this is for the person who wants to get blind drunk and cry aloud and isnt afraid to do so.          To be at wembley arena and listen to 10,000 fans singing both tracks of the album (side 1 and side 2 ) word perfect was also a high point of my youth.<br />         This took the classic concept album and brought the idea up to date .....and came very very close to stealing the crown from the all time greatest album Dark Side Of the Moon...... close but not that close
B0000057C5|5.0|ESTE ES EL MEJOR DISCO QUE HE ESCUCHADO EN MI VIDA, TODAS LAS CANCIONES ESTAN BUENISIMAS, ESTE NUEVO RITMO ERA LO QUE HACIA FALTA, VALE LA PENA ESCUCHARLO... BIEN POR ELLOS...
B000001U3K|5.0|&quot;Hey Babe, Take a walk on the wild side&quot;.... 1972 finds Lou Reed teaming up with the creative duo of Glittering Spiders, David Bowie and Mick Ronson. After a somewhat disappointing First solo LP, Lou finds himself poised on the brink of stardom with Bowie and Ronson at the helm this second solo effort will be Lou's introduction to mainstream America... Although the hit single from the Lp &quot;Walk on the Wild Side&quot; Would be edited, butchered and whittled down to So called &quot;Clean Versions&quot; for the tender ears of America's radio listeners... What a crime !!! But now more than 20 years later this album of poetic Street life, Vicious drag Queens and Satellite's of Love Still resounds with  the Noise and confusion of the world we inhabit today !!! Lou Reed never pulled any punches, then or now, He spoke from his Gut in raw truths and unforgettable imagery... All to &quot;Real&quot; for America circa 1972 !!! But Perhaps now here in the year of 1998, A brave few will venture into their local music store or online CD mega marts and discover this golden Slice of life called TRANSFORMER, Waiting for no one, Standing firm in all it's gender bending glory and Ingenious birth right, Standin' on the corner on another Perfect day, Untill the eyes and ears of yet another generation open wide and discover the beautiful music that will take them on a walk.... A &quot;Walk on the wild side&quot; Thanks Lou !!!
0446604844|5.0|I devoured this book in one day -- it was so suspenseful, I couldn't put it down.  _Total Control_ was as good as a good John Grisham novel, but it lasted longer, so it was even more satisfying!<br />What a great story!
0399128964|5.0|While reading through the reviews, I was amazed to discover so many who share my passion for the story of Dune.  Given to me as a Christmas gift when I was only 13 (it took me several months to get through it the first time, smile), it has been my favorite story of all.  <br />I have read Dune several times (including, the entire series - although God Emperor of Dune was a bit out-there for me as I was unable to get all the way through it even once).<br />Each time I read Dune, I am swept away by the complexity of his characters, the political structure, the religion...  I am drawn in the intricacy and detail.  It is profound and amazingly wonderful tale which should be read by all who enjoy quality story-telling.  I highly recommend it.<br />I was saddened to hear of Frank Herbert's passing, as he will not be able to continue the story.. And, I'll never know how and why the &quot;Jews&quot; suddenly appeared in the last book ---- sigh!
0679731725|5.0|Modern English cannot be written any better than this!  The fluidity of Ishiguro's prose is so astounding it was hard to put the book down, and I would recommend his book to anyone who wants to read and learn decent and virtually flawless contemporary English.  The characters are so alive and ever-present; so is the English countryside!  Definitely one of the best books I have ever come across.
B00000099Y|5.0|Every time I listen to this CD I hear something different. This isn't death-rock with one purpose. The album is composed of ideas, and as said before, Aenima has been put together with perfection in mind. The lyrics are deliberate, and when combined with original guitar offers top-of-the-line feeling. Aenima is powerful, themed, and in many cases inspiring. Every track is emotionally driven, but to put a &quot;best&quot; label on a few, tracks 7, 11, and 13 seem to employ the greatest emotion. Great music.
B000006OBQ|5.0|If you were ever in Las Vegas during the 60's or wanted to get the feel of Las Vegas during the 60's, this album is a must.  If could only own one Sinatra album, this is the one. There is not a bad number on it.  You feel like you are there, when in my opinion Mr. Sinatra was at his best.  He had just turned 50 years old and could sing grownup music because he had lived it.  The Basie Band pulls the entire album together.  Great album, buy it.
B000002AH7|5.0|I was introduced to this album by one of my roommates when I was a college freshman in 1962.  Up to that point, I was a classical music snob whose idea of &quot;jazz&quot; was Dixieland (my father was a big Louis Armstrong fan).  This album blew the lid off for me:  good jazz could have the rich texture of classical music, while escaping the often-stultified performance traditions endemic to the symphony orchestras of that era.  Plus, of course, it was fun to listen to!  I became a Miles Davis fan and bought many of his other albums, but, for me, this one withstands the test of time as many others (e.g. &quot;Bitches Brew&quot;) don't.  To a serious jazz fan, it probably isn't austere and esoteric enough;  but for the rest of us, this is listenable, melodic, and full of complex and intriguing harmonies.  His takes on Roderigo's guitar &quot;Concierto de Aranjuez&quot; and De Falla's &quot;El Amor Brujo&quot; are even more interesting by comparison with the source, and the original tunes (especially &quot;Solea&quot;) are true to the spirit, if not the letter, of their Spanish models.  This is a winner all around, and I still enjoy it.
0393038912|5.0|A tv interview started me on the Diamond trail.  Prose is superb.  Stimulating and makes me think.  Nice to read some oped pages,..<br />Recommended to all serious readers of science.  You will be annoyed..<br />dick Morley
B0000009S3|5.0|For those of you who are interested in delving into some great instrumental material of Frank's, this is perhaps THE album to start with.  Featuring great FZ guitar solos, beautiful sax from Ian Underwood, and raw violin improv from Sugar Cane Harris, this album is a great jam session.  It is one of Frank's first albums that truly highlights his amazing guitar ability, often overlooked in some of his more satirical musical pieces.  This record has been a favorite of mine since my early teens - it still continues to amaze me.
0684874350|5.0|&quot;Angela's Ashes&quot; presents a kind of poverty which is almost unfathomable in modern times. Yet, it never dwells on the misery. This story is told by a child who never loses heart, hope, or the ability to survive, despite seemly insurmountable odds. It is a uniquely Irish tale, filled with all the appropriate humor and heartache. This is an incredible book, filled with authentic emotion and unforgettable characters.
0553288105|1.0|I started to read the book, but after about 85 pages of reading it, I was so confused I stopped. It is a good book, but it is written in such a way that it seems to be all jumbled up and difficult to understand. I think this is one of Asimov's more difficult books.
0767802659|5.0|A lot of people did not like this film because I think that they had a misconception of what the movie was supposed to be.  The criticisms I've heard (not just on here, but in general) say that they didn't like the plot/characters or that the film was to violent/gory.  I think this is mostly the fault of the studio which marketed the film poorly.<br />These people have valid points, and I don't want to dismiss them completely, but I think they're looking at the film from the wrong point of view.<br />Starship Troopers is a war movie.  Plain and simple.  While many try to compare this movie with &quot;Star Wars&quot; or &quot;Total Recall&quot;, it would be more accurate to put it alongside of &quot;All Quiet on the Western Front.&quot;  Starship Troopers is not meant to be touching or emotional.  Rico may seem shallow to us but in a movie overshadowed by powerful Nazi themes, he is the ultimate Lantern-Jawed Arian.  And while the other characters may seem equally obvious, we need to remember that unlike most stories where the war is the vehichle for the players, in Starship Troopers the characters are the vehicle to tell the story of the war.  END
B000003CKH|5.0|This is one album that you'll end up listening to over and over again. It is just a fun album from a bunch of guys who have fun playing and writing music.
0670880728|4.0|Bridget Jones may be single in London, but she could be single anywhere!  Although sometimes confused by British terminology or references, the experiences and situations Bridget finds herself in are all too familiar.  The diary form moves the story along at a nice pace. A quick, fun, poignant read.  I read it in two days--and laughed out loud!(even while reading on the treadmill!) Two weeks later, parts, and lines, still pop into my head--like every time I look in the mirror and realize that, like Bridget, a 23 year old would likely think that I'm &quot;squashy!&quot;
156511129X|5.0|I was only 11 when I saw the movie. It was my favourite movie of all time! I read the book after I saw the movie and I really enjoyed it. It gave more detail and the story was told very well.
0606118144|5.0|This was a wonderful book with an engrossing plot and interesting characters. He should write a sequel telling what happens afterwards.
6301967984|5.0|One of the few films I've felt sickened by at first viewing; now view it religiously. No contrived Hollywood endings here, my friends. People look at me strange when I proudly proclaim this as my absolute favorait movie, but man... I CAN'T LIE!!!! Lot's of blood and torture, and eating human fecal matter has never been shown with such tenderness. ABSOLUTELY WONDERFUL!!!!!!!     END
006109594X|3.0|If McVeigh can 'do' Oklahoma City, and car bombs can get 200+ U.S.marines as well as 19 airmen, what's to say that any target on the planet isn't vulnerable? The story was rather well paced throughout, although I think that in the British Authors' Hall of Fame, Shakespeare needn't worry about any displacement by Patrick Robinson.  As far as style, &quot;Nimitz Class&quot; in many ways resembles the old western genre, read and forget.  Except for the premise of terrorism, which is always going to keep us in harm's way.  Military or otherwise.  I've been nervous about military stability ever since we lost the Evil Empire as our number one adversary; somehow, author Robinson played very well on that theme. The chaos in the former USSR is the generator for dispersing their once formidable, but controlled, military hardware.  Now, we can only guess whose finger is on the trigger, as Robinson so well tells us.  Grammatically proper or not, we should heed his words, and check six. Back to the story, Laura might have been Ado Annie, in &quot;Oklahoma&quot;.  She can't say no.
B000001FDK|5.0|The Grease Soundtrack has some great songs that are catchy and full of energy. The voices are great with the lyrics. I think this is one of the best soundtracks I have ever heard!
0385484518|5.0|Book somewhat reminded me of Gibran's &quot;The Prophet&quot; in its approach.
0517122707|2.0|This must be one of those books that people either love or hate.  I read the entire book because of the high praise it has received.  To be honest, I wanted to toss it after two chapters.  I have a very good sense of humor.  Salman Rushdie's &quot;The Moor's Last Sigh&quot; made me laugh for hours on end.  This book did nothing but depress and disgust me.  If Toole's life was anything like Reilly's, I can understand his depression.  The quality of the writing and the level of imagination exhibited in the book are both very high.  As a literary study the book has merit (the Pulitzer is questionable).  This book unequivocally did not live up to the jacket reviews.
0451169514|5.0|&quot;It&quot; is probably the greatest book that I have ever read. It may be long, but it's worth every page to read it. It focuses around seven  pre-teens in the 1950's, and switches back and forth between their childhood, and then their adult reunion in 1985. The characters are so realistic you close the book feeling like you know them, or at least met them before. King does an excellent job of plot and character development, and the book ends on a sad, but refreshing note. (King seems to do that a lot) He also does what he does best: Ties in little things from the beginning that you hardly remember until the end, when they are used again. I would highly recommend this book to anyone, and I can't wait to read it again!
B000000WJZ|5.0|Perhaps one of the most intricate, poignant, and utterly striking albums ever made. Siamese Dream's grasp on the listener is two-fold, as it is astonishingly impressive not only in its magnatude but also its purity. Billy Corgan communicates to the world through shear beauty. The univesality of the record allows it easily to become a sort of sountrack and anthem to your every day life. Siamese Dream isn't listened to, its experienced.
0671673009|5.0|Never have I read a book that speaks so much truth.  Peck, even though a watered down version of other psychologists, understands the human mind like no other.  He is an amazing author.
B0000069NM|5.0|I must admit I have never heard Scofield before. But after seeing Medeski Martin and Wood a couple of months ago I had to get their new album. To my surprise it was not their new album, but John Scofield's new album with MM&amp;W as his band. Scofield if a guitar genius pulling off some great gritty funk.  A GO GO is a album you have to hear to believe. It opened my eye to jazz, what a cool world.
B000002WPI|5.0|Hardcore, excellent production of every track. A must get for an avid rap listener.
6304082428|5.0|If I could but give this book all of the stars I've seen since I've read it - five is not enough! The A&amp;E presentation of this book follows the book very closely.  Colin Firth and Jennifer Ehle were excellent -- incidentally, I'd really like to meet these actors one day... and learn how making this movie affected them.  The costumes and the music, the settings and scenery!  I just want to go to Pemberley!   And after seeing it, I read the book, and then I bought the book, and then I watched the movie two more times!  I've been in such a reverie ever since... &quot;I have been meditating on the very great pleasure which a pair of fine eyes in the face of a pretty woman can bestow.&quot;  Colin Firth is the epitome of Darcy. I love skipping to the best parts - the encounters between Darcy and Elizabeth, seeing the transformation of the two each in their own ways... two spectacular human beings such as these had some work to do! But why did I love it so much?  I suppose it's because I see myself in each of the characters, because every time I read it I learn to have compassion on the frailty of human nature, because from my heart I admire how two such powerful people can see beyond themselves to a deeper happiness, a deeper understanding.   What strikes me is that Jane Austen didn't write about impossible things - she wrote about what she knew best, from her observations and experiences. Her words teach  me to hope. How incredibly beautiful and breathtaking!!  Thank you, Jane Austen!!!  Your talents are your gift to us!     END
0679442790|5.0|Great descriptions. Resonated deeply with my own life. Great story.<br />This wasn't so much a book about war, or jews, or germans, but about the human condition. Why do we do things we know are wrong? How do we live with the concequences afterward?
B0000009SY|5.0|This is a musical story of songs about a guy named Joe, and let's not forget Mary!  The story is narrated, from time-to-time,  by &quot;The Central Scrutinizer&quot; who you're sure to love hearing by the beginning of the 3rd song. Ike Willis is a superb vocalist backed by a great band. I'm not going to spoil it by telling you all of the classic lyrics.  Just get it!
B0000029DD|5.0|Jeff Buckley's album, &quot;Grace&quot;, not only secured his place among phenominal singer/songwriters, but illustrates the complicated maze of emotions through which we as humans navigate.  With such songs as &quot;Hallelujah&quot; and &quot;Lilac Wine&quot;, the artist guides the listener through the dream-like coupling of lust and self-doubt.  He also explores the topics of sex through and within spirituality.  In &quot;Grace&quot; and &quot;Eternal Life&quot;, the artist's premonitions of an early death take center stage.  &quot;Lover, You Should've Come Over&quot; and &quot;Last Goodbye&quot; realistically portray the bitter parting between lovers with sensitivity and honesty.  The rest of the songs on the album serve as concrete evidence of the intimate connections between sex and death and lust and annihilation.  His lyrics are both surreal and unsuppressable as heralds of a passion unquenched.  &quot;Grace&quot; is a beacon to the world that Jeff Buckley was a genius who was all too soon taken from our midst.
0670880728|5.0|Did you ever have a feeling that a hidden camera recorded your life?  As a 30-something singleton, I felt that I was reading the chronicles of all of those little incidents that I thought only happened to me.  Thank God I just found out I'm not alone.  This book captures the charm and challenges of a single woman's life so well and with such humor.
0790731479|5.0|END
B000001DZM|5.0|This CD has not only taken me back a few years, but reminded me of the things that were fun in life as a young adult.  This CD is the best.
B000002OZY|5.0|Pete's grasp of orchastrating a four piece band is unparalleled.  Roger's singing is at the peak of his carreer, and Keith is actually sober during recordings.  John Entwisle is masterful on Bass.  The album, when played, brings us all back 20 years and recalls memories of our teenage years and some of that rebelious instinct in us all.  The Who is the classic rock band for the ages, far surpassing Led Zep and the Stones.  Will we ever see a band with songs so well written, played and orchastrated again?  It is doubtful.
B000005ALN|5.0|For anyone who dismissed George Michael as a cutsy, bubble-gum teeny-bopper ideal, you are in for the shock of your life. This haunting, mind-blowing and seemingly autobiographical work is a treat from start to finish. From Star People to Spin The Wheel, Michael has proven himself to be a force to be reckonned with.<br />Brilliant and soul-wrenching lyrics wrapped in  hauntingly soulful music, one can't help but become drawn in by his artistry. <br />I must say I was throughly blown away by &quot;Older&quot;. It is one CD not to be missed.
B000002NJS|5.0|Not only has the vocal training paid off, but Madonna really gives everything she has to these songs (she always has). If you never buy any other Madonna cd, you MUST get this one. She's grown in every way possible &amp; it shines thru on this cd. (You might also see about getting the re-mixes - the &quot;Frozen&quot; remixes are great!)
B000002GFU|3.0|Very ephemeral, with some nice tunes and memorable lyrics.  Appeals to children of all ages.  Borders on being a succession of stories, but well told.  Very short for the format (36 mins).  I found &quot;Miles From Nowhere&quot; and &quot;Wild World&quot; Moving when I was a student and, after playing the disc more than 25 years later, still did.  Give it a try, it's worth it.
0449002632|5.0|This superb book is a great read. I do not share the criticism that it is a series of disjointed vignettes. Rather, by following several families drawn from England major cultural strains (Celtic, Saxon, Norman), Rutherfurd provides a wonderful and unified overview of the city's (and the country's) history. I am presently a U.S. expatriate living in London and have read several travel books to orient myself to my new surroundings. Rutherfurd's London was far more valuable in providing an historical frame of reference for comprehending and enjoying this great city. And if you're visiting London for the first time, it's an absolute must.
B000001FDQ|5.0|The &quot;shredmaster&quot; Yngwie Malmsteen set some pretty high standards to Heavy Metal as we know it. This man can PLAY! I don't think there will EVER be another album of this magnitude to hit music stores in our future. I've heard them all, and Yngwie sure broke the mold. Whether you like him or hate him, you sure can't deny him the fact that he is one hell of a musician, and probably the best guitarist in heavy metal, and I say that with respect to alot of others. &quot;Far Beyond The Sun&quot; is by far, the best song I have ever heard in heavy metal and probably classical. When you understand just how he plays &amp; what he does, and when you truly understand the music he plays, you will understand that he is no ordinary musician and than you can judge him. He can make your spine tingle and jaw drop with some of the lead guitar virtuosity in just this one song. He is truly unbelievable. There will never be another one like him. I must say the rest of this album kicks some major butt as well. This album is so intense, and if you love great guitar players, this IS the CD to buy, because this IS where it all started and everyone just tried to follow from here. Please give this CD a listen.
B0000029J5|5.0|Fell in love with his music at Newport Folk Festival. The first disk gets a lot of airplay at our house. Fine blues guitar, handsome voice. Catch him live if you can.
6304508611|5.0|This was my Favorite and the best movie of all time. It was GREAT and i do not know how else i can express that, it was more than great. It pulled all my emotions out of me showing me some feelings i've never felt before. Truly a masterpiece by Stephen King, by the movie or read the book, both are good but even so it is truly the movie of a lifetime, i mean it's GREATER than GREAT. It's good for a horrific nite out with friends or a slumber party, i watch it over and over and over again, all the time, that's how GOOD it is, and EXCELENT film with an Adventageous plot     END
B000000H48|5.0|What else would you expect from this artist? King Diamond and the boys show their musical ability here for sure. Screaming guitar, intense vocals, and killer tunes! If you're tired of the same 'ol heavy metal, listen to this stuff. I think this is some of the best work from King Diamond. This CD has been with me from the beginning and I still listen to it on a daily basis. This on ROCKS!
0061002747|5.0|By far, one of the cleverest books I have read in a long time. As always, Christie develops a magnificent plot which unfolds in such a manner that it is impossible to put it down.  The novel is, in a word, brilliant.
B0000029GA|5.0|I rate this one of the top 3 hip hop CD's to come out in the past ten years.. Illmatic, track for track, is a real phat CD.. Nas has an ill flow, crazy lyrics, and DJ Premiere laced the beats on this one.. pick it up..
0385486804|5.0|Chris McCandless graduated two years ahead of me from my high school, and he grew up several blocks away from my house in Virgina. I did not know him, but I come from the same place. For that reason, I found this book disturbing, for he could have been anyone I knew, or even myself. This book is emotional and gripping - well written, and well worth the read. What did Chris McCandless' short life teach us? That life sometimes isn't as bad as it seems, that family, despite each one's inperfections, should be treasured for those of us that are fortunate enough to have one, that one should always be prepared, and that dumb luck is usually not enough to get you through life. It is a sincere tragedy that such a smart young man died so young - one can only guess what his contributions to this world might have been.
0425105709|5.0|What starts out as simple death--murder or suicide--results in a complicated mystery that takes Poirot months to solve.  Too many clues, too many traps, too many deaths confuse you so much you'll never figure it out!  (until poirot does, of course.)  try it.
B000005IU2|5.0|Has any rock and roll album every sounded so menacing? After nearly thirty years, this volatile work is still so powerful that the entire genre of &quot;heavy metal&quot; sounds irrelevant. Iggy Pop sings like a serial-killer... on speed AND acid. However, what really puts this album over the top is a subtle understanding of what makes rock and roll work. &quot;1970&quot;, for example, is patterned, in a typically demented way, after Chuck Berry's classic, &quot;You Can't Catch Me.&quot; Much of the credit (or blame) rests on drummer Scott Asheton, who plays impossibly tight swing. More minimalist than &quot;primitive,&quot; the band produced singular music- more sturctured than punk yet more aggressive than metal. &quot;Funhouse&quot; was the Stooges' fertile peak ... although the album will be a challenge to less adventuresome listeners.
0679720200|5.0|This book is perfect. It show you the truth, and hit you in the face. It hurts. It makes you think different about life, friend, words, everything. And, like said H. P. Lovecraft, or you will chage for better, or you will refuse the book, hate it, in ignorance and fear.  For intelligent and open-minded people. Only.
B000000XB9|5.0|These songs were written in an era populated with angry youths who flocked to such bands as The Doors and the Jefferson Airplane because these bands vented the people's anger.  But if these bands provided an outlet, CCR filled them again.  CCR was not driven on anti-establishment lyrics, but by soul and a simple rhythm.  This makes them wildly popular, this makes them refreshing, and this makes them a legend.
0425163407|1.0|As a virgin Patricia Cornwell reader, I'm sorry to have lost my innocence on this piece of trash.  If Kay Scarpetta is anyone's idea of an intelligent, caring, &quot;functional&quot; individual, my heart  sincerely goes out to that person.  &quot;Unnatural Exposure&quot; was an average book outline - with much work left to do to flesh out characters and  complete storylines within the plot.  What was the point of the possible tie-in to dismemberments in Ireland?  Why did Scarpetta have PMS throughout  the entire book?  Did Ring ever get the come- uppance he was supposedly going to get?  What drug was Cornwell on when she devised the ending - or was she merely sleeping?<br />Actually, the real question is &quot;WHO CARES!&quot;  My primary problem with the book was that I felt obligated to finish the pathetic thing, hoping against hope that it would get better.  I was wrong.  Sorry, Patricia - I lived my whole life without knowing who you were prior to seeing this book, and I'm headed straight back there . . .
B000002BHE|5.0|One of my favorite CDs of all time, Celine's beatiful voice melts into my brain like butter on bread.  Recommended to all you hopeless romantics out there.  Even if you're not, this CD could turn you into one.
0440224764|5.0|I am a 15 year old sophomore in Honors English classes, and I loved this book.  The only bad part was the weak ending.  When I was reading the book, I felt as if I was being tortured along with Patrick (or Danilo.)  I would really recommend this book for anyone who's looking for a page turner!
B000002OG8|5.0|Wishbone Ash never really had a hit single (at least not in the United States) but what they did do was turn out some of the most creative rock music ever made. Drawing on blues and jazz influences, the band featured two lead guitar players (both were voted to Rolling Stone's top 20 rock guitarists list), melodic bass guitar, and multi-part vocal harmonies. Although they could rock, Wishbone Ash never was guilty of bombarding the ears with lazy power chords - they were always tasteful. Check out Argus for some of the best music ever made.
0316743003|5.0|The term &quot;skunk works&quot; was a term used by a Professor at MIT describing my method of accomplishing the impossible in record time.  I did not understand the term until an engineer at GM told me that was a nick name at Lockheed.  The book is spiritual in the doubts, accidental discoveries and hurdles jumped to be the successful elitist.  A combination of tales outlines the element that has made the USA the most desirable place to live on earth.<br />Joe Anderson ENOXJoe@aol.com
B000000HSU|5.0|bad Brains &quot;rock for light&quot; is the most amazing hardcore-punk album I have ever had the pleasure to listen to. If you like fast fast music and truly inspired lyrics then this is the record to get. Do yourself a favor and get it now! Bad Brains are truly pioneers of punk and hardcore.
B000000WJZ|5.0|Billy Corgan was, and remains to this day, one of the forerunners when grunge broke out. Like many bands, the Pumpkins's second album, &quot;Siamese Dream&quot; is one of the best and breakout albums of their career. Resentful of Nirvana's success, Billy made his own with this album. It is one of the greatest albums that I own. I enjoy listening to this album constantly. It has everything: dark and light, anger and passion, love and hate. The Pumpkins are well known for the escapism that is very well shown in this album. This was before Kurt Cobain's death as well as grunge's death. The Pumpkins show the popular angist while fluidly soothing your nerves. Let it never be said that Billy Corgan and his band are behind the times or unorginal. They are always on the edge of cool and for the time being, they remain one of the last bands standing. Listen to this album and rock out. It is great. &quot;Today&quot;, &quot;Cherub Rock&quot;, and &quot;Disarm&quot; are the band's greatest songs off the album. If you listen to this album and do not rock, you must be dead from the neck down and waist up. Enjoy!!!
0393038912|5.0|In the era of books based on psuedo or shoddy science, such as the Bell Curve, etc. Along comes a book that explains how history happened, and why it happened in a rationalistic and deterministic fashion. Is argument is well-organized, and well researched.  The power of his theory comes in his mass analysis, depending not on individuals but on the species as a whole. The amount of information in this book could easily be expanded into 3 or 4 volumes on several subjects (the section on disease vectors is particularly fascinating).   The book shows the powerful results when a true scientist analyzes the big questions of history.
B000002N2Z|4.0|these guys have a pretty fat vibe for what seem to be at first glance a bunch of bong haggard skate-rats. i cooked up the samples off the web and fired them, and would say they were a good brown tar, manhattan, circa 92. enough to make me  wanna go score...the record that is.
B000002NJS|5.0|This is the very first CD I ever of purchased by Madonna. It definitely was not a waste of money. I love this new style of hers. Her music has always fasinated me. But this is, by far, her best. Her new look is also very good. She's awesome. Need I say more? No.
B000001A3H|5.0|This is one of the greatest albums ever.Kyuss delivers with thick grooves that totally blow you away.I have listend to this record everyday since i bought it and it never gets old.If you are a rock fan this is the only record you need to buy!
0823016285|4.0|Faigin's drawings and explanation of facial expressions is detailed and well organized. He breaks each expression down to the muscles and utilizes theory to compliment his explanations. This book provides a good foundation for understanding facial expressions and contains enough illustrations for those who do not care for theory. The only thing missing from the book are photographs of different facial types. Although his drawings are good, photographs of his subjects would provide an additional level of detail.
0375404783|5.0|I have heard people say that Bridget Jones' Diary is the British Ally McBeal. NOT TRUE!<br />While AMcB is irritating and degrading to women, BJ's Diary is entertaining and supportive of women and all we go through.<br />It's an easy read that will make you laugh out loud.
B000002MJC|5.0|&quot;Songs of Faith and Devotion&quot; is not only my favorite DM recording, but also one of my all-time favorite albums.  With this album, Gore, Gahan, and Co. have essentially created a dystopic hymnal, mixing themes of sexual martyrdom and humanist hope.  The heartfelt lyrics combine with the lush instrumentation and production to create a desperately passionate, but ultimately rewarding, listening experience.
0393316041|5.0|Don't be misled into thinking the &quot;Curious&quot; in the sub-title of this book means &quot;strange.&quot; The word is meant to be taken literally, for indeed Feynman was curious about everything in the world around him. Surely one of the most gifted physicists of our time, Feynman won the Nobel proze for Physics in 1965. Feynman talks about boyhood adventures fixing radios, and then goes on to speak about his work on the Manhattan project, his meetings with Bohr, Einstein and Oppenheimer, and various other adventures in his personal and professional life. This book will have you laughing out loud even if you do not understand anything about quantum mechanics. Especially interesting is the chapter titled &quot;Safecracker meets Safecracker.&quot;
0060920386|5.0|Fantastic look at the insanity and scope of the RJR deal. If you like behind the scenes tales you won't be able to put this one down. I have read it multiple times; enjoying it more each time. Do not have to be a financial wizard to enjoy.
0380729407|5.0|This is the finest book ever written! (all other books by Bradbury are the best too) The battle against evil from without and within reaches it's poetic highwater mark with this book. As  mr. Dark and his side-show freaks take souls from innocents, the darkness in man's soul draws him to their lures.
B0000028RR|5.0|This cd is a great cd because it shows pretty much everything that Rage can do with solo's and I think that the guitar solo's are incredible. This is also a great cd in the sense that there are virtually no bad songs on this cd all of the songs RULE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B000003TA4|5.0|This album is beyond words. It's hard to explain but if you lie there and let the lyrics wash over you, You'll see what I mean. Nevermind has to be the BEST album ever recorded by any band, solo artist etc...There are only three words to say about this album.. Peace, love, empathy
B000000I0Q|5.0|Voyage of the Acolyte is actually the first Genesis solo album (one minor error in Paul Clark's nice review).  This solo album came out before Peter Gabriel's first solo album.  It was recorded in June &amp; July of 1975 just after the Lamb Lies Down on Broadway Tour.  Peter Gabriel had just left the band, and Genesis had yet to record Trick of the Tail (November, December 1976).  Steve Hackett's first solo voyage shows the depth of creativity which he only continued to expand throughout his post-Genesis solo career which began after his departure following the Wind &amp; Wuthering tour.  Steve continues to this day to do things most rock musicians wouldn't, or couldn't, do (like record a CD with the Royal Phil, or play the Vivaldi guitar concerto with the English Chamber Orch).  The cover is one of many of the beautiful pieces of art work done by Steve's wife, Brazilian artist Kim Poor (greatly praised by Salvador Dali).
B000001Y79|5.0|Ha ha ha...that got your attention didn't it? Well if you are a sucker for attention buy this album. Catchy lyrics, amazing guitar playing wow. This band has it all....gotta buy it...NOW!!!
B000002NCW|4.0|The sounds within this cd are often of a heroic nature, rising as it were from the mist like the early morning sun. <br />The building bass line, and fullness of sound by the highland bagpipers in a few of the pieces on this album adds drama to the musical properties of this cd. A must hear for the heroes in us all.
0451169514|4.0|This book is a good read, the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that it was a little too long and tended to drag in parts.  Its is a scary book, and he writes so well, I could picture the whole thing so well.  His images are excellent. I would say though that if you only are a part-time reader or don't like long books, but if you can handle a long book, and you love to be scared, I would definately read this book
6303282237|4.0|I saw El Cid back when I was just a kid, and loved it.  It was directed expertly by Anthony Mann.  The excellent musical score was composed by the famous Miklos Rozsa, the award-winning composer for Ben-Hur a year or so earlier.  Though I am not a Spanish history expert, I found the action sequences to be the some of the best I had ever seen in films.  It is an inspirational and entertaining film.  It is almost impossible not to get swept away by the love story between Heston and Sophis Loren.  What a lady, and what a warrior Heston made.     END
0345350499|5.0|Having finally gotten to reading this highly praised book, I only regret not getting to it sooner. I have read extensively in the genre of fantastic fiction, and have seldom encountered such a panoply of well-rounded characters.  I think this book is mislabelled as a feminist work. Despite its evident focus on the women of the Arthurian age, what sets this book apart is that none of the characters are &quot;evil&quot; per se, particularly the classically murderous Morgaine Le Fay, but are simply trying to do the best they can under the circumstances. The sheer humanity of the doubts and fears that plague the central characters is something all too often missed in a genre dominated by stories where &quot;boys become men&quot; (Rand Al'Thor, Shea Ohmsford, FitzChivalry, etc.) I would like to see more storytelling in which there is little black and white, but mostly shades of gray. Unless you are a jealous academic with your own ideas about Arthurian legend, and apparently lack a philosophical bone in your body (see earlier review), this novel is a must read, not just for fantasy fans, but anyone interested in high quality fiction.
0790734850|2.0|Whew, what a stinker! This is one of those films that I was forced to fast-forward through many of the interminable boring scenes. Even Danny deVito was wasted in this bomb. Anyone past the intellectual age of 12 should do themselves a favor and watch something else. Is LA is your beat, then check out &quot;To Live and Die in LA&quot; or &quot;LA Story&quot; -- both excellent films.     END
B000001E7T|4.0|PJ Harvey has to be about the most underappreciated rock artist out there, bar none. If you're sick of the formula played on pop or alternative radio or think that Lilith Fair's a great idea but doesn't embrace the harder feminine spirit, give PJ Harvey a try. This album may be about as accessible as any of hers (save for the nearly inscrutable &quot;Dry&quot;). She's a challenging artist. Her songs veer from oblique studio concoctions with whispered, highly distorted vocals to upfront soul-baring, confrontational episodes--sometimes consecutively. &quot;Meet Ze Monsta&quot; and &quot;Long Snake Moan&quot; were two of the best full-out rockers that the public never heard in 1995. Harvey opted to release the angular, loungy &quot;Down By The Water&quot; instead, which doesn't do justice to the rest of the album. The two last songs,&quot;Send His Love To Me&quot; and &quot;The Dancer&quot; show PJ Harvey at her most despondent and desperate. &quot;How long must I suffer?/Dear God, I've served my time/This love beomes my torture/This love my only crime,&quot; she agonizes over dry, rhythmic flamenco guitar on the former; on the latter, she moans over the loss of a lover &quot;bathed in light and splendor and glory&quot; while an eerie organ and watery guitar strumming mirror her emotion. Spirituality also comes into play here quite often; she speaks of God, Jesus or the devil in at least half her songs. PJ Harvey's not easy--she dives straight to the heart of the wildest emotions. But she deserves credit(and a bigger audience) precisely for being hard--and compelling.
0553108034|5.0|Of the fantasy series I have read, only Robert Jordan's world compares to the one that George R.R. Martin has created with A Game of Thrones.  The book is enthralling, it kept me on the edge of my seat the whole time.  At this point it is impossible to predict what will happen next; I can't wait for the next book in the series to be published!
B000003TAL|5.0|The first time you hear all this noise on &quot;Daydream Nation&quot; you wonder &quot;Where's the structure?&quot;.  By the tenth listen, it starts to sound like classical music: melodies, movements, countermelodies, phrasing.  It's one of the most calculated albums in rock and roll, and one of the most brilliant.  Recommended if You Like: Velvet Underground's &quot;Sister Ray&quot; (all 17 minutes of it), Hendrix's &quot;Star Spangled Banner.&quot;
0671867369|5.0|This book, as I have come to expect from Ambrose, was another engrossing and descriptive account of WWII infantry combat.  This book explores the ordeals of several colorful characters- some heroes, some some not.  The mix of first hand accounts, quotes, and battle summaries provides for an interesting and informative book.  Highly recommended for people interested in WWII, infantry combat, etc.
0345389409|4.0|I thought that this book was the second best in the series, next to &quot;Queen of the Damned&quot;.  I bought before even reading it and I wasn't disappointed.  Money well spent.  I really liked &quot;Memnoch the Devil&quot; because of the way Anne Rice portrays Lestat's tour through Hell.  I also like the way she told Memnoch's story; of how he became the devil.  I didn't give it five stars because the book went a little too slow for me.  I wanted Lestat to fight Memnoch.  It never happened.  I also enjoyed the way the others vampires tried to help Lestat, but the only one who could was Dora, his human friend.
6302732778|2.0|If the story was as interesting as the cinemaphotograhy, this would be a 5 star movie.  But unfortunately, the story is slow starting and never builds any momentum.  I kept thinking this is going to get really exciting any minute now, but after an hour into it I realized I needed 3 espressos if I was going to stay awake.  DVD is an excellent medium for this film.  It really shows the detail that Ridley Scott put into it.  It is an excellent film for your DVD collection, if you're wanting to show off your machine.  Otherwise, this movie is a real snooze.  END
0425129608|2.0|This is a book that I find is a waste of time and money if you are to buy it.  A very simple plot, not very well-thought out, as if our beloved Agatha had a deadline she was pushing for.  You should be able to guess the murderer quite easily if you have read anything of Christie's before.  So, if you want a good mystery, go for a) ABC Murders b) And Then There Were None c) The Murder of Roger Ackroyd d) The Man in the Brown Suit
0061002747|5.0|Agatha Christie has written good pieces of literature and I know this is only my first of her books but I think it is good. Maybe later when I have read more of her other great books I will say this book is a nothing, but for now I say this is the best.
0061003646|1.0|Again, another Christie that doesn't cut it.  The beginning and end were fine, but see if you don't fall asleep during the middle.  I admit, the title and description sound great, but be prepared for a complete disappointment when a potentially great book fails.
B000002UB6|1.0|This is trash. You shouldn't blame it on Spector; it's the Beatles' fault. Let It Be is very overated. The instrumentation is over worked, and the lyrical concept is idiotic: give up on problems. Dig It is idiotic, 909 is idiotic, Maggie Mae is trash, and Get Back(Juju the monkey?) is a little dumb. In Dig A Pony, john tells us that you can syndicate any boat you row, and then repeats it as if it's some great piece of wisdom. There are two pieces of the song, and they don't link up at all. In Across The Universe, John moans untranslated Indian words. This is just bad.
0399142851|3.0|Kay Scarpetta must be sleepless at night. Not a single character followed his/her personality.  I was even disappointed in Marino. Cornwell is definitly one of the best mystery writers out there, and I have read about 7 of her novels.  I will continue to do so.  But this time, I did not want to be Kay Scarpetta, I wanted to be one of the reporters-talk about angst against a single group of people.   Can't make up my mind about this one.  I think I'll go back a ways and try some other older ones. The publisher needs to  be more critical, her name will sell the book, but her amazing and gripping writing will keep the readers.  Better luck next time, Dr. Cornwell.
B000002UDB|2.0|For one thing, two of the songs were released before Pepper. Flying is annoying. Your Mother is just this annoying jingle. Hello Goodbye is catchy  and bad. Like commercial songs. The title track sounds like tripped-out military band music. The rest is fine.
B000002BE9|5.0|i have had this cd for at least a year now, and i love every song. anyone who has it knows what i mean.i never get tired of it. its always the cd i listen to when im feeling down, its like someone else knows what i feel.i cant wait for her new cd to come out.fionas the bomb
B000002UAR|4.0|This is wonderful, minus paul's contribution. Got to Get you is a bit brassy. Good Day is a little artificially upbeat. The rest is fabulous.
B000005ITX|5.0|Forever Changes is one of those albums that both encapsulates its era and stands out of time as well.  Taking cues from Broadway show tunes, Tchaikovsky (especially Capriccio Italien), swingin' sixties lounge music, and hardcore acid rock, the record stands as an important chapter in the development of popular music.  The west coast complement to the Velvet Underground, Love's music was too influenced by the Los Angeles pop scene of the early 60s to come across as blatantly disgruntled as the white noise of VU.  Instead, subtlety is the key here.  With a backdrop that might remind you of Gilberto/Getz's &quot;The Girl From Ipanema,&quot; Arthur Lee and Bryan Maclean would free associate on the social and personal upheaval surrounding them.  Consider the whacked out titles:  &quot;The People Would Be The Times Or Between Clark and Hilldale,&quot; &quot;The Good Humor Man He Sees Everything Like This,&quot; and you get the picture.  Forever Changes was recorded in something like 6 days, and like most great records there is a freshness and spontaneity belying the carefully arranged strings and acoustic Spanish stylings.  It is Arthur Lee's greatest moment - his personality dominating the gentler, more delicate Bryan Maclean, who recently released a CD of demos he made during his time in Love.  It's called Ifyoubelievein, and manages to stand on its own as a great record, as well as providing a glimpse into the quieter half of one of the great songwriting teams in pop.
B000007ODM|5.0|I picked up this CD in Argentina on a business trip and was thrilled with it.  Have not been able to find any info or other CD's for this group.  Would like any info anyone may have on them.  I am looking forward to getting more of their music.
B000005JEK|4.0|An exceptional set of Ten Years After on tour in Europe in the early '70s.  I CAN'T KEEP...EXTENSION ON CHORD ONE is worth the price of this CD alone but it also includes definitive versions of I'M GOING HOME; GOOD MORNING, LITTLE SCHOOLGIRL &amp; CHOO CHOO MAMA.  Lee and Chick Churchill on organ bring a few of these hard rockers to fantastic finishes.
0899668585|5.0|I re-read this novel every year.  This is repetitive of other reviews, but this is the book that made me love reading.
B000000H40|5.0|This is definitely Obituary's coolest album.  Don Tardy's double bass is perfect, the guitars are super heavy and John Tardy's vocals are wonderfully sickening.  Who cares if you can't understand the words...
0684830515|5.0|Thank God for Paris and Spain and Hemingway.   Read this story.  You'll forget you're reading.  You see Jake.  You see Cohn with his broken nose. You see Brett in that sweater and your heart breaks. You see Pedro and the bull fight. <br />The problem is the number of people that now make their living giving their opinions about this book.  Don't get caught up with what your high school teacher said,  or deconstructionist professor said, or literary know-it-all, could-have-wrote-it-better said. Don't get caught up with all the journals and theses and textbooks that say it is not as well planned as \\"Across The River And Through the Trees,\\" or a good beginning point for a literary mind, or that real people or real events are incorporated into the plot.  Don't wander around in the \\"lost generation\\" crap or expatriated American garbage, or the impotence and what Freud would say and the myriad of other things that make people spout off Epicurean/Stoic history or analogies to the nth degree.  Don't get sidetracked by the yappers who want to tell you what to think.  If the yappers force themselves on you, merely respond \\"Isn't it nice to think so.\\"  The ones who know better will understand and be embarrassed, the ones who just can't get it will keep on yapping.<br />Just read the story and run with the bulls.
B000003N89|5.0|This CD goes beyond the best expectations you can have. Krall seems able to transmit deep, true emotions as very few other female singers nowadays. The selection of tracks is above reproach, and the performances are simply exciting.
B000000WFU|5.0|This is the type of music that is priceless.
B000001Y5J|4.0|Great album.  Tracks 98 and 99 aren't listed on the cover, and they're definitely worth a listen.
0451169514|5.0|Having read IT at least 8 times, I have to say that IT is my all time favorite Stephen King book! IT is like an old friend that I have to visit every summer. An old creepy friend that it is!  King's storytelling well reel you in and keep you hooked especially with his intertwining of past and present actions in the Losers' lives.  The Losers'are the best bunch of characters that you'll ever come across! This is a must read for any King fan.
B000000643|5.0|Calling Fairport Convention folk rock is like calling the Bible a genre book. Come to think of it, &quot;Unhalfbricking&quot; is far more of a religious experience. In this album, the young and rather gawky-looking Richard Thompson was just hitting his prime as a songwriter and Anglo-Celtic guitar whiz. And Sandy Denny's writing contributions (setting aside for an instant her incredible voice) stand shoulder to shoulder with Dylan's. (The group covers three of Monsieur Z's compositions, including a joyous, Gallicized &quot;Si Tu Dois Partir.&quot;) Don't let the old trouts on the cover put you off: this music is, as the bard of Hibbing would say, forever young.
B000002KCF|5.0|This was Franks' first album that garnered some time on the charts via Popsicle Toes.  The album is consistently satisfying--sly and smart lyrics, exquisite vocal control, and superb instrumentals from the Crusaders.  Particular highlights are Eggplant and Popsicle Toes from a lyrical perspective and the simple electric piano and electric guitar from Joe Sample and Larry Carlton, respectively.  The album (now CD) has a lean sound that preceded today's advancements in instruments and recording techniques--a sound too infrequently heard today.
B000006OAM|5.0|A departure from 10,000 Maniacs was not a bad thing!  Ophelia is an amazing album, and Natalie's talent has once again come through with a range of sound and clarity.   I can't rank each song; they are all wondeful.  This is a must buy.
B000002LR3|5.0|Dub. Dance. Gospel.&quot;Keef&quot; riffs. All in here. If you remotely enjoy music, try this. If you don't like it, chuck the stereo and go back to the book section, tin ear.
B000006OAM|5.0|Natalie Merchant has developed and perfected a classic sound over the years and this CD showcases her versatility while still maintaining that Merchant Groove!
B000002952|5.0|I have listended to the tape so often that I must replace it!  The Latin rhythms enhance the vocals and add special meaning to the lyrics.  A great way to improve one's understanding of Spanish idiomatic phrases while being immersed in the culture from your own home!
B000002AOD|5.0|One More Once vaults to the top of my favorite albums list. Michel Camilo's piano jazz is augmented with a full rip-roaring and perfectly tight horn section to produce some rockin' jazz. Camilo's trademark latin fundamentals (he calls it his &quot;New York&quot; style) come through cleanly without overpowering.  He lays the horns and percussion on that base to provide a truly energizing and original work.  Turn it up -- an awesome CD.
6304490119|5.0|I know Stargate is kind of a hokey cross between Star Wars and Raiders Of The Lost Ark, but it is still fun. The musical score is fantastic and the performances be Spader and Russell are good. Roland Emmerich and Dean Devlin had planned this to be part of a trilogy, but it didn't happen.     END
0812548094|5.0|This is the best book I have ever read. It makes me very sad that some people don't like it. Goodkind is the most amazing author, providing the perfect mix of action and drama. I am an amateur writer, and trust me, this is very hard to accomplish. I have read the Lord of the Rings, and it does not do this nearly as well as the Sword of Truth. Bravo, Goodkind!
0440224764|4.0|This is a very suspensful, fast-moving story.  It is definitely a page turner.  However, I must say that I just hated the ending.
B000002KIE|5.0|the most important album of the punk rock genre.  I think the &quot;The Clash&quot; self-titled is the best punk rock album ever, but as far as public dischord and ill repute, the pistols and &quot;Nevermind the bollocks&quot; are tops. They forced the govenment to take notice and ripped off as many record labels as they could. Nowadays it's hip to be punk, but back then you endangered your life. I wish punk was that cool again
0306801515|4.0|An entertaining discussion of common problems in structural design and the related design approaches.<br />Good emphasis on historical context for various design approaches.<br />The author's treatment of the material properties of saliva is particularly amusing!<br />You don't need a PhD in Civil Engineering for this one.  But it is acquiring somewhat of a cult following among professional structural engineers.
B000003BDJ|5.0|I have never considered myself a fan of classic rock, but, to my surprise, I love this CD.  It is a great Cd to listen to to perk you up and put you in a good mood.  It is full of all of the classic Stones tunes.  Everybody should add this one to their collection.
B000002U82|5.0|For those of you who are big fans of the group, reading another fan's review can be just a matter of duty. But for those who had never listened to this LP, it would be great to listen to a solid ideologycal proposal, composed by poetical truth daring lyrics, and gifted music.  You can feel heartaches just listening to &quot;Speak to me/Breathe in the air&quot;, or get yourself into worries by hearing &quot;Time&quot;. Every song makes you review your present, your past and your possible future, and your conception about life meaning. A deep, phylosophical and musical masterpiece.
B000002MP2|5.0|This CD is awesome.  My favorite songs are Basket Case and Longview.  Some of the lyrics are funny.  You just have to listen and pay attention.
B000001FAU|5.0|If you could only buy one Rainbow album, this would be it.  Six power-packed tracks (no medieval-esque doodlings on this album), a sound that's still fresh after all these years, and a line-up of first rate musicians in their prime.  Tony Carey's introduction to 'Tarot Woman' still sends a tingle down the spine.
B000000W6R|5.0|I love a lot of the Pumpkins music, but most of the metal stuff they do leaves me pretty cold. Some of their best slow, contemplative work is on here--Soothe, Whir, and the Landslide cover for example--and Blew Away is a terrific mid-tempo pop-rock song. Frail and Bedazzled is a great kick-ss rock song, up there with the Siamese Dream singles. My favorite tape is a Pumpkins mix I put together with some of these songs, a lot of the great non-metal Mellon Collie songs (1979, Stumbleine, etc.), and some of the Mellon Collie B-sides.  END
B000002L68|5.0|Prince's Ultimate Album.  The pinacle of years of hard work in the backstreets of Minneapolis.  If you've ever been there then you can appreciate it.  A true performer with style unmatched, sounds unchallenged, and all the babes.
B000003N7K|5.0|This is wonderful!  Who can say enough about Coltrane?  He was obviously a genius.  His solos shine, yet without shadowing the rest of the musicians in the least.  Hartman's voice is so smooth and rich, you could float away on it, and let's not forget McCoy Tyner on piano!  This combo was tight.  The songs are incredibly well-chosen, and their interpretations made me appreciate every song in a new way.  So few human-made things have the semblance of perfection--would I be out of line saying this is one of them?
0684874350|3.0|It may have been expectations.  Given the press this book has received, I expected something at least as good as 'The Grapes of Wrath'.  Unfortunately, This one has a long way to go.  After reading it (and I will admit it is both interesting and easy to read), I had an overwhelming need to ask &quot;So what, Frank?&quot;  You missed a very good chance to raise some very important questions about wealth, and the lack of it, too bad you too the easy way out.
0670880728|5.0|I haven't enjoyed a book as much in a long time.  This book was a great read.  Perfect reading for a beach day this summer!
0140177396|5.0|This book was the only book I've ever read that made me cry. They way Steinback describes his settings in the California landscape is spectacular. I felt like I was auctually in the dirty bunkhouse, watcing the men play cards. It is an amazing  novel and I strongly suggest you read it.
B000001ESF|5.0|A landmark album from these masters of allegory, 2112 combined hard rock, fable, objectivist philosophy, fantasy and intelligence to create a powerful manifesto that evolved from the overtures of &quot;Caress of Steel&quot; and segued into the pantheon of albums that followed, notably &quot;Hemispheres&quot; and &quot;Farewell to Kings&quot;.<br /><br />Hitting the scene during the horrible Disco years of the late 70's (where society's herd animals struggled to emulate whatever John Travolta's latest cookie-cutter stud movie told them to do), 2112 served as a rallying call for the rock counterculture, trumpeting intellectualism, creativity and passion (i.e., &quot;nerdism&quot;) as virtues in defiance of the mindless conformity so prevalent at the time.<br /><br />In other words, the 2112 saga wasn't just about the distant future, it was quite apt when it was published. Buy this album if you like music that is great for more than one reason.
B000002NHN|5.0|Loreena McKennitt creates an excelent album mixing in rock and techno into her usual spacey, relaxing vocals and wide variety of instruments.  She gathers a very large group of musicians with all eight of her tracks.  Her best song(I think) are her intro and The Mummers Dance, which appears in the previews of the upcoming film &quot;Ever After&quot;.  This album is relaxing, fun and just plain good to own.
B000000OU4|5.0|I first heard tract one of the album on the radio whilst working in London - and I thought that was great!   It took me two years to pluck up the courage to buy a jazz recording.  And 'We Live Here' was it!<br />Whenever I'd pick-up the album it would be for track one.   Then one day I started the recording at track four and fell in love with jazz.  An amazing escapist track!<br />The rest of the album does not disappoint in the least, and I am now glad to have at least one jazz recording in my music collection.
0451169514|5.0|This is my favorite all-time King book, (ok, tied with the un-cut Stand). At the risk of insulting the writer, I found the book HILARIOUS!. The parts of the story where Pennywise (Bob Gray) first confronts the adult Losers are both funny and frightening at the same time. The ending may leave  you wanting, but I can turn to just about any page  in the middle of the book and get sucked right back in again. A must-read!
0684874350|5.0|The way McCourt told his story is like looking through a child's eyes. We can see his life, his naivete, we can feel his fear, his anger. This book bring me back to my childhood, where adult people are nowhere when you have a question.
0385484518|5.0|I read this upon recommendation from a good friend - and she was absolutely right - this book and its characters will stay will you always!  I felt as if I were right there with Morrie, experiencing everything that he was teaching Mitch.  Very spiritual, very simple, very human.  Don't expect to finish the book without shedding a tear or two.
0441172717|5.0|Of course that is just what every other review thinks but hell it's the truth! I picked this book up from my girlfriends brother for a school report... (yeah i don't read muchy for my enjoyment) but anyway i read it and now i want more. This book has got me reading for the hell of it and i am purchasing Dune Messaih and Children of Dune and can't wait to read them. Dune changed my outlook on reading with it's indept look at politics, treachery and the way these two twist together in the Dune. I love it.
B000005ALP|5.0|wow, what awesome song and recordings!!especially susan's house. [who is this jacobsen guy? best production (susan's house) i've heard in a while. fascinating use of loops.] band rocks live. &quot;e&quot; is sooo cool.
0385484518|5.0|Am am a 30 year old proffessional person, dealing with age and business accomplishments and my own personal spirituality and have had a difficult time trying to balance the two.  Turning 30 has not been easy for me, however Morries advise has helped me to deal with it on a possitive note and to help me decide that making &quot;the big buck&quot; is not going to make me a whole person.  Money does not suck, but it is not the end all beat all of life.  Thanks Mitch for sharing and Thanks Morrie for being there for so many people.
B000002AP1|5.0|This album was destined to become a classic despite the crappy Bowie recording. Although I've   listened to it for twenty years, the new mix really brings it out into the light. This album, along with V.U.'s first three, X's Billy Zoom years, Wire's first three, and most of Zeppelin's should be in everyone's record collection.
0517122707|5.0|A very enjoyable and extremely funny read!  I found myself agreeing with some of Ignatius's wold view, even though extreme and at times totally paranoid . . . scary!  A Confederacy of Dunces is without a doubt the most entertaining book I've ever read.  This book has also done more to expand my vocabulary than any single book I've read.  Its almost too bad that this is my first comedy read, I'm sure nothing else will be able to measure up to this!
B000002AV5|5.0|Jazz fans, as well as R&amp;B lovers, will come to enjoy this blend of hot favorites and cool melodies. This CD is a must for anyone looking to spend an hour or so in pure music bliss.
B000002ADT|5.0|I distinctly remember the first time I heard music from Kind of Blue.  I was in my junior year of highschool in Oklahoma City.  My family had this Zenith console stereo.  At first we had it in the living room.  But I was the member of family who played jazz albums on it constantly.  The turner was always on the jazz station.  So my family figured it would be best for everybody if the thing was placed in my room.  Those were the days!  In early 1960 and as usual I had the tuner on the local jazz station.  I am sitting on my bed with a book and listening.  The DJ started to talk about a new album he received.  It was a Miles Davis album.  He said nothing about the title.  He just began playing the track from the album. From about 15 seconds into the playing I knew that this was a very new music.  It grabbed me.  It was different from any jazz I'd heard before.  For years my school buddies and I would gather at his parent's house just to listen to jazz.  So I was well familiar with the greats.  But this music from Miles was in a class by itself.  At the end of the tune the DJ stated the title was All Blues.  And that it was from the album Kind of Blue.  Featuring Miles Davis Sextet with John Coltrane, Tenor Sax, Cannonball Adderly, Alto Sax, Bill Evans, Piano, Paul Chambers, Bass, Jimmy Cobb, Drums.  The DJ then went on the play the whole album during his time period.  It was the first time I had ever heard of DJ doing such a thing.  I knew from the time that I heard this album that it would be around a long time.  And I was right.  Almost forty years later it is still out there shaking them up. As Ray Charles has said on a number of occasions.  There is only two kinds of music.  Good and Bad.  This is GOOD.  If you want to catch a taped performance of Miles Davis playing So What catch the video &quot;Jazzmasters Vintage Collection Vol.2: 1960-61&quot;. It's from the CBS television series.  The performance features John Coltrane, Wynton Kelly, Paul Chambers and Jimmy Cobb.  A bonus is Miles Quintet wit! h Gil Evans Big Band.  I mentioned earlier about the first time I heard Kind Of Blue.  It is event as clear to me as the day President Kennedy was killed.  I still find something new in this music each time I hear it.
0671004107|5.0|Contact is simply the best book I've ever read. The book's a bit different from the movie, the plot of the movie may be better, but the message Carl Sagan brings to us through the book is definitely more compelling. We realise how tiny we really are compared to the whole universe, and that all of us are actually equal. Though the book lacks a little of the excitement that the movie has, the book certainly is more stunning. Some people say that this is the BOOK, not the MOVIE. But tell you what, I've seen the movie for at least 5 times now (I still love it!), and I can assure you that the book's even better. Just a reminder though, if you're not really into scientific stuff, this isn't for you.
0312954468|5.0|Readers of alternate history who are lovers of ancient Egypt will fall for Wilbur Smith's story and characters. Though a slow start, due to Tata the Slave's love of detail, this story of ancient life among the pharaohs is vivid in its detail. I was soon immersed in the lives of all the main characters. Smith's sequel, &quot;Seventh Scroll,&quot; brought this ancient story into the present while keeping the ancient characters alive within me. The quicker pace of the sequel (since Tata is no longer the storyteller) doesn't fail to make us care about its modern-day characters, while providing an exciting quest with many unexpected turns--truly worthy of Tata's praise. Together, &quot;River God&quot; and &quot;Seventh Scroll&quot; make for a fascinating adventure occuring in two diffenent epochs.
B000002NHN|5.0|A beautifully haunting collection of music. Transports one to other ages and lands. &quot;The Highwayman&quot; is laced with haunting melodies and prose and lingers in the mind long after the music is ended.
B000002N25|5.0|This is a great recording that covers many music styles but the theme that sticks out most is one of celtic influence. He has done this before on his soundtract recordings for &quot;Local Hero&quot; and &quot;Cal&quot; but they were instumental only. Highlights of this CD are Darling Pretty, Golden Heart, A night in Summer, Bonaparte, and my kids favorite is Cannibals. You can't lose with this CD.
0812550706|5.0|This book was one of the very first science-fiction books I read, and it has stayed the best.  My parents introduced it to me when I was young.  Then I recommended it to my sister, and she read it and loved it.  Many of our friends have now read it, and not one bad word has been said about it yet.  The reason is that there is no negative word that could describe Ender's Game.  It is THE BEST BOOK EVER!
B000002U82|5.0|In my opinion, this is one of the greatest albums of all time.  Roger Waters hits right on the nose with the songs &quot;Time&quot; and &quot;Money&quot;, never enough of both.  &quot;Brain Damage&quot; is a song that'll get stuck in your head.  All of the songs on this album are perfect.  Well,  I could never expound all the positives of Dark Side of The Moon, but I'll tell you one thing:  there isn't a negative.  If you want to have an album in which you can play it all the way through, this one is it.  A PURE MASTERPIECE!!!!
B000000645|5.0|This CD is a must for any music collection.  Although those who came of age in the sixties and seventies will catch the glimmers of that time in this music, the magic of this album transcends time and place.  &quot;Witches Hat&quot; and &quot;Keodaddi There&quot; :  turn off the lights, light some candles, and turn it up.  You'll be transported.
389508459X|5.0|I have read all of Austen's works and &quot;Mansfield Park&quot; is one of the best.  I could usually feel for the main character, Fanny Price, and relate to her.  By loving her cousin Edmund so completely, she suffered greatly when Mary Crawford drew his attention and admiration.  I would have been rather angry if I were Fanny been left sitting alone for a whole hour while they walked through the woods. Mr. Crawford's love of Fanny rather surprised me, because he didn't deserve her after flirting so mercilessly with her cousins.  I was a glad that there was a happy ending.  I believe the most satisfying reads (like those by Jane Austen) always have happy endings.
0446605409|1.0|I have a rule when I read a book, if the first 100 pages don't grab me I throw in the towel. This was my first reading of a Nelson Demille book. I must say I was disappointed. I did not like his style of writing at all. He seems to try to hard to be hip. The story was slow going and I finally surrendered and started another book.
0140186409|5.0|I read this one long summer after having read Ayn Rand's  Atlas Shrugged. Both are marvelous stories, that interweave the author's political bent so well, that they each could be text books for a political theory class.  After reading both, I found myself questioning everthing I thought I knew.  If you really want to challange your mind, read both then try to decide which theory you believe.
0441172717|5.0|This book defines escape for me.  No matter how tired, stressed-out, and frustrated I am, I can dive into the Dune series and the rest of the world disappears.
B00000064G|5.0|This CD is required reading for lovers of the acoustic guitar.  Nick Drake is superlative, using extremely original finger picking patterns and also often using unique tunings.  His voice is high, but smooth as silk, crafting beautiful melody lines on top of a sometimes minimal guitar.  The guitar ranges from the lightly strummed title track to the bluesy 4 note riff in _Know_ to the exquisitely picked _Things Behind the Sun_.  There is not a single bad song on this album, and they all have a unique sound.
B000001BX0|5.0|Songs like &quot;Gimme tha power&quot;, &quot;Cocktail Molotov&quot; and &quot;Puto&quot; just rock. A great album where there is not a single song to waste. Advisable for all Rage Against the Machine and Cypress Hill fans. Mix of various different styles, even disco (&quot;Cerdo&quot;) in both english and spanish.
0195067142|5.0|In this moving personal account of his experiences as a Marine in WWII E.B. Sledge shows war as the horrifying, bloody, often pointless, mayhem that it really is. Young men and women enamored of glory and bravery should be required to read this book. By describing his experiences clearly, candidly and graphically, he shows the reality of war.  I wish I had read this when I was a younger man.
0670880728|5.0|It took me one day by the pool to laugh my way through this book.  Bridget Jones's Diary is an excellent beach or pool read.  Scarily enough, I found myself reading exact conversations or occurrences that had happened to me or my other late 20-something female friends.  This is painfully honest, funny and competely entertaining. Can't wait for the sequel!
B000002U82|5.0|an excellent album, but in my opinion, not their best.  i once read a review that described it as &quot;sterile&quot;; i think that's apt.  there's a lot going on, aurally, but (for me, anyway) no new nuances emerge with repeated listening.  it sounds the same every time i listen, as opposed to the other waters-era albums &quot;wish you were here&quot; and &quot;animals&quot;.  in my opinion, &quot;wish you were here&quot; is the best of the waters-era and the live album of &quot;ummagumma&quot; is the best of their pre-AOR days.  &quot;dark side&quot; or &quot;the wall&quot; might be the best place to start with pink floyd, though, as they are more familiar to classic rock radio listeners and less complex than other floyd.
1573225517|5.0|When I received this book as a birthday gift from my aunt, I had never heard of Nick Hornby and didn't know what to expect. I was pleasantly surprised by the narrator's cynical tone as he recounted his hysterical experiences as a man who can't commit to a serious relationship and immediately judges people by what is contained  in their record collection. What I like best about this book is the way in which the narrator acknowleges how low his standards have sunk without remorse or apologies. If only I could be that straightforward!
B000002LRX|5.0|It is a CRIME that this CD didn't get as much notice as it should have.  This is without a doubt one of the best rock albums of the '9o's, far surpassing &quot;The Real Thing&quot;, a fine CD in its own right.  Why no one paid attention to &quot;Angel Dust&quot; when it was released is nothing short of a mystery.
0679720200|5.0|I have read this book twice, so far.  I loved it.  Camus has created a character who's behavior is so antisocial that his actions, to us, seem almost incomprehensable.  One cannot help but be struck be the completely relative way the Meursaut relates to the world.  With simple, straight forward narative, Camus sends his message straight to the heart of society.  I loved this book and i recommend it to any one.  Also, if you liked The Stranger, check out Native Son, by Richard Wright, another existentially driven novel which is very good.
B000005ALN|5.0|I liten to all sorts of music from hard rock to classical and am definitley not any kind of &quot;teeny bopper&quot; (I've missed that distinction by one chromosome and about 20 years). However this album is certainly a &quot;must have&quot; for my collection. Just about every one of its smooth, melodic tracks could (should?) have made a hit single. The latin jazz influence matches Michael's style of music particularly well. The result is great &quot;evening&quot; music. The best thing I can say about this album is that I haven't stopped playing it regularly for more than a year now. The only other CDs I can say that about are by Portishead and Finley Quaye, if that helps...
1556154844|5.0|<br />When I first picked up this book, I was impressed immediately.  He is a very thorough author, whose work in the field of application development is unparalelled.  I have never learned so much from a book. <br /> McConnell takes you through a total learning experience that touches on every base of software development, although his primary goal is to discuss software construction.  I feel that this book could take a software construction neophyte, as I was, and make him/her a genius, or at least seem like one at the water cooler.
B000002513|5.0|When poetry and music come together, there is no greater storyteller than Bruce Springsteen.<br />Listening to THE WILD, THE INNOCENT and the E STREET SHUFFLE makes me weep with happiness to be alive and to feel the emotions this gorgeous record keeps giving--- years and years later since the first day I heard it in my older brother's bedroom and sold my soul to Bruce Springsteen. [] My husband asked me to marry him at a Bruce concert during ROSALITA on 4/2/88.  I was thrilled to get the ring but I didn't stop dancing until the last &quot;Hey Hey Hey Hey&quot; was over. People were applauding us but I thought it was for Bruce. As it should be. <br />Bruce, thanks for all the beautiful words you've brought to our lives. My family thanks you, too-- &quot;I'm coming to liberate you, confiscate you, I wanna' be your man-- Someday we'll look back on this and it will all seem funny..&quot; I'm looking back and it only  gets better and better, Bruce. <br />How could one album have SPIRITS IN THE NIGHT, KITTY'S BACK and INCIDENT ON 57th STREET? How could so much genius be in one package?<br />Simple. Bruce Springsteen.
B0000024JN|5.0|The Beastie Boys at thier best doing thier classic licenced to ill album.  You can't get much closer to the original rap pioneers without hearing about the Beastie Boys who really(with Run DMC)brought rap to wear it is today.
0875845851|5.0|In Jan/Feb '95, the author, Clayton Christensen coauthored a seminal paper in the Harvard Business Review called &quot;Disruptive Technologies...&quot;.  For 3 years now I, my coworkers, and my managers have passed that paper around and watched organizations  succeed and fail following EXACTLY the strategies described in that '95 paper.  Imagine my delight that Christensen has now published (and expanded) his ideas in a book.  The book contains incredibly thorough research, is very well written, and is applicable to a wide range of businesses.  Make sure you read the whole book - there are gems scattered from cover to cover.  Pay particular attention to the concept he calls 'value networks' - and how difficult it is for an organization to change these.
B000002IAZ|5.0|You cannot have a sixties\seventies collection without this recording. So many bands and sounds come from this groups membership. Poco, Bryds, Burritos, CSN, Loggins and Mess... the list goes on for ever. This is the california sounds roots.
B000002C4J|5.0|Celine never fails us with her beautiful voice.  This particular CD is her BEST!  She sings what we dream.
B000002H97|5.0|This is the best cd that metallica has put together.  I have just about all of their cds including the recent RELOAD which is great but the black cd has got to be my all time favorite.  I really enjoy RELOAD simply because its new and it hasn't been played out but I still find myself turning on the self titled cd quite frequently.  It has a good combination of classic metallica hardness in the song &quot;Follow the God That Failed&quot;, and a few new softer sounds like &quot;Nothing Else Matters&quot;.  The combination of the music gives each song distinction that cant be compared to any other cd they have made.
B000002LQR|5.0|This was, is, and will always be their best album, if for only one song then for &quot;Under the Bridge&quot;.  With the exception of Soundgarden's &quot;Black Hole Sun&quot; and G &amp; R's &quot;Nov. Rain&quot;, this is the only epic song done truly right, not to slow, at a medium place, involving equal support from everybody. Oh, yea, Johnny Frusciante is back!
0780620828|5.0|I LOVED this movie. Michael Jai White is not only an excellent actor, he is as fine as he can be!! A real hearthrob ladies! The story is exciting and compelling. I was glued to my seat in the show. The special effects cut afterwards is really interesting to watch. If you like the comic book , I highly recommend this movie.     END
B000002GKT|5.0|There are certain recordings that capture the epitomy of rock-n-roll, and this is one of them. The band is at their best and this classic performance is one that shall always be remembered, from Frampton's rollicking licks right down to the empty beer bottle that falls from a table and rolls on the floor. &quot;I Don't Need No Doctor&quot; is a classic unto itself, and you will find no better recording of that song, let alone of the others. This is a must have for anyone who considers themself a collector of classic rock.
0553108034|5.0|George R. R. Martin has gripped the world of fantasy writing by the horns and wrenched it free of its old stereotypes.  From the wide scope of the world he creates to the depth of the characters to the intricacy of the plot, this is by far the most incredible piece of writing to come down the chute.  Most intriguing, however, are Martin's constant reminders that this is NOT a fairy tale, a feature that adds an almost frightening amount of realism.  The world of fantasy will never be the same!
B000000H6Y|5.0|Though releasing two previous albums, Type O Negative was virtually unheard of until &quot;Bloody Kisses&quot; emerged.  The band's unique gothic melodies on this album put them in the limelight with a video, &quot;Black No. 1&quot; being played on Mtv. As well as a cover and a feature in virtually every metal magazine.  This is the definite &quot;first album&quot; to buy from Type O Negative. I've listened to this album since I purchased it in 1994 and I have yet to get tired or bored of it. It is always in my CD case or being played. This will turn any metal/hard rock fan into a fan of Type O. If and when you purchase this album, see if everything I've said is anything but the undeniable truth.
B00000634L|5.0|Music that you can listen to for hours
B000000OE7|3.0|As a major Queen fan, I was glad for one last disc.  However, many of the songs sound like they took the vocals from Freddie's solo album, &quot;Mr. Bad Guy,&quot; and put new backing and slightly different arrangements on them.  An unlisted instrumental cut at the end just goes on and on and on, and becomes quite painful.
6304819935|4.0|A remake of the first evil dead. It's more comical than the first installment as ash the chainsaw bearing triger happy badass battles  more of the evil dead. I thought it was a great movie and am glad it is now avable agian. Army of darkness picks up were evil dead2 leaves off it was almost called evil dead3 but universal studios wanted the movie to stand on its own.Hope you injoy it as much as I did.     END
0385472951|3.0|Throughout the book...it was interesting, but that is all I am going to say.  In this book...I thought a lot of things contradicted each other and it was not as much of a masterpiece as he has written in his other books.  There weren't as many plots and twists and turns as in his other books that he is known for, and in the end...it was kind of obvious who is going to who and what  is going to be what.  I just didn't like it as much as his other books.
B000002UAX|5.0|The Beatles were true musical innovators and thus changed the landscape forever.  This album is just another example of this most diversified group of musicians.  It goes from &quot;wedding&quot; type music, &quot;Obla Di Obla Da&quot; to music that allegedly makes people insane, &quot;Helter Skelter.&quot;  Oh yes, as in typical Beatle fashion, it also covers everything in between.  A must have for anyone who has ears!!!
B000005DQR|5.0|Just an increadable CD.  No bad songs what so ever.  So many different kinds of songs on the cd.  I would recomend this cd to people who like rap, people who like punk.  I have heard no person say a bad thing about this cd.
0440213525|5.0|Hmm...where shall I start?  Well, first I want to say is that it is a reallly good book and I really liked it.  It had a really good plot and Grisham just out did himself in this one.  It was heart-stopping and I just couldn't put it down until I finished reading the last word.  My suggestion would be to pick a book up today and read it!
0446310786|1.0|Let's face it.  There's nothing great about To Kill a Mockingbird.  Nothing at all.  It is is an American classic simply because America felt the need to call a book about itself a classic, and this happened along, blindly, stupidly, to be that book.  From a technical standpoint, there's nothing wrong--Lee writes coherently, and although her book shifts topic suddenly, without cause or warning, she tends to stay on topic.  There are so many American writers that came shortly before Lee or were actually contemporaries of her that do not get recognition despite their far superior work.  Henry Miller offered a REAL view of America, ugliness and all, and it wasn't what Americans were looking for, to the point that they banned his writing.  Someone should ban Lee's book because we tell our students that this is an ideal of literature whereas it is really just a regular old novel, like anything else the paperback racks had to offer at the time.  There was nothing great here.  I could write a novel that had notecard characters--even the narrator seemed a little hollow, and Boo Radley was just deus ex machina with a clever, sleepy-southern-town name--and no one would care.  The mystery remains, why did anyone care about this?
1563523302|3.0|Mostly, I enjoyed this book. It really is about how people achieive financial freedom.  I grew tired as I read this book.  The authors kept hammering away at the same themes over and over again.  They could have written a much shorter book and still conveyed the same information.  I also grew tired of their &quot;preachiness.&quot;   They clearly believe that saving every dollar is good and that leading a comsumption oriented lifestyle is bad.   While I happen to be in the &quot;save every dollar&quot; camp myself, I don't think that the other lifestyle is inherently bad.  If someone derives pleasure from working  all his/her  life so that he/she can acquire huge piles of status objects (or take great/lavish vacations), I really don't mind.  I only object when these people mess up and can't pay for their extravagances.  On the other hand, I thought that some of the &quot;millionaires&quot; were a little obsessive.  Imagine being a millionaire and spending your time clipping coupons every night.  While you might save a dollar or two, wouldn't your time be better spent evaluating where you can best grow your nest egg?
B000000OAL|4.0|As a first album, this one is better than some, worse than others.  If you're a die-hard Queen fan, you can't skip this one.  They're a bit unpolished here but you get a fresh glimpse into the multi-part harmonies they would become famous for later on, &quot;My Fairy King&quot; especially (one of my favorite tracks on the album).  You won't find any unforgettable chart toppers here, no &quot;Bohemian Rhapsody&quot; or &quot;Another One Bites the Dust&quot; but if you like other classic Queen music, I think you'll find you like this album as well.  There's a good mix of beats and styles.  If you're not a Queen fan, you probably should give this a miss (though that would be a shame).
B000002C1X|5.0|The Wall by Pink Floyd is, in my opinion, one of best albums.  To reinforce this, let me state that The Wall is the biggest selling double album of all time.  I can't say it enough:  This album is a must for people of all ages.  It suits everybody. 'Comfortably Numb' and 'Another Brick In The Wall, Part 2' are arguably some of the best songs in rock history.  The Wall keeps you hooked from start to finish.  If you don't have it, get it.  You will have no regrets for buying this great album.  It leaves you comfortably numb!
B000002NJS|4.0|I haven't been able to get &quot;Ray Of Light&quot; out of my head since I first heard it (and that's a good thing).  I've never been a big Madonna fan and I'd have been more likely to avoid an album like this out of principal.  Thankfully I didn't -- I like this new image and sound.
B000002WYT|5.0|I may only play the radio as an instrument, but I know great music when I hear it. Dave Matthew's  &quot;Crash&quot; is funky for the most part, but ballads like &quot;Crash&quot; and &quot;Back to Being Friends&quot; surprised me by showing his diversity in his music. Definitely a winner.
B000002KAT|5.0|The above reviews are lacking in superlatives.  This is the greatest album of all time.  (And there is no second greatest.)
B00000064G|5.0|Both lyrically and musically this is by far the BEST acoustic album I've ever listened to.  Nick Drakes early death deprived us of one of the sweetest and most beautiful (not a word I use lightly) singer songwriters.     Avoid this album if your thoughtlessly happy!!   Buy this album if your haplessly thoughtful!!
B000002JA8|4.0|I bought this CD after reading all the hype from their new label. The Tuesday it was released I was at the store. Got home...hated almost every track. I bought 'Before' as a cd-single and thought 'The Truck Driver and His Mate' b-side was better. The song doesn't even sound like PSB. Being a die-hard fan, I let it sit and played it again and gradually fell in love with it. The easy fade in from 'Discoteca' to 'Single' is just brilliant. 'The Survivors' says so much about who they are and the music they make.
B000002H5I|5.0|This CD is one of Chapman's best.  She seems to care so much about what she sings about.  It really seems to come from the heart.  Put in this cd and sit back and relax! :)
B000002VTE|1.0|NEVER LISTEN TO U.K. MUSIC REVIEWERS! I read a ton of ink about this band, how great they were, how revolutionary they were, and not to mention how cool their packaging was. This record is utter crap. It's start to finish self-indulgent rock meanderings that were better done by the Velvet Underground and Sonic Youth. It does make a lovely coaster for drinks though...
B000002IWH|5.0|This must be one of the best soundtracks ever. It goes in perfect harmony with the movie, complementing it perfectly. The dark mood is incredibly effective and evident, for example, in &quot;Burn&quot;, maybe one of The Cure's crowning achievements up to date. Just check it out, ok?
0553280325|5.0|I am the leader of a small summer reading club for kids in crisis care.  I am about to introduce them to the Bogeyman, and I hope they like him as much as I did.  Ray Bradbury's stories are old friends -- I read and re-read them until the covers disintegrate and the pages brittle with age.  &quot;Something Wicked This Way Comes&quot; was my first experience with Bradbury, and is still my favorite.  Argue all you want about his descriptions (are they masterful, or are they tedious?); his characterization is what makes the book breathe.  Will Halloway, Jim Nightshade, Mr. Dark, the dust witch -- I finish the book for the hundredth time, and I am STILL surprised that they are not there, reading over my shoulder.  When it comes to creating people, Ray Bradbury is right up there with Dr. Frankenstein, but his monsters hide away in the human soul.  And this book should be required reading for anyone who has one.
0393317552|5.0|This is not a flawless book.  A number of other reviewers have already pointed out flaws in specific details, some evidence chains, and a few conclusions.  Here and there, opinion pokes its way into the prose.<br />That said, I give this book 5 stars and a hearty recommendation to anyone interested in the whys and hows of history.  While many of the details in modern history are more complex than Diamond's methods can address, the great sweeping trends leading to our modern world are well described and documented.  Diamonds methodology and integration set the footings in place for serious, detailed, and ongoing research into how and why societies evolved when and where they did.  Some of his conclusions may be overturned by that continuing research, but there must always be a foundation to build upon.<br />Finally, it is instructive to look at how other reviewers here have approached the book.  It's challenging on many levels, and some of the reviewers respond uncomfortably to that challenge. Read the rest of the reviews and make up your own mind (and then, buy the book.  It has lessons even in areas where it may be wrong).
B000001FS3|5.0|It's that simple. The album plays like a story. I can't listen to it in pieces, it has to be played all the way through. This album will stick around as long as there is music being played.
B000002I7H|5.0|Albert King is absolutely the king of the blues guitar.  With songs like &quot;Laundromat Blues,&quot; and &quot;You're Gonna Need Me,&quot; he paved the way for other blues guitarists.  Albert King also adds a funk to the blues with songs such as &quot;Funk-Shun,&quot; &quot;Cold Feet,&quot; and &quot;You Sure Drive a Hard Bargain.&quot;  He allows blues to easily mix with a new generation of music.  Rarely will you find a C.D. that so skillfuly combines funk, rock, and blues with an overall effect of &quot;cool.&quot;
B000002UKS|5.0|This album is the best I've bought in about 5 years. No question. Grohl, in my opinion, has issued the finest rock work of his career even including his work with Nirvana. Excellent.
B000002P74|5.0|Did you ever think that you would here anything better &quot;Freebird,&quot; or &quot;Tuesday's Gone?&quot;  After the release of their first album -- containing the songs listed above -- Lynyrd Skynyrd decided to make a second.      &quot;Second Helping&quot; blasted up through the charts with songs like &quot;Sweet Home Alabama,&quot; and &quot;Swamp Music.&quot;  America found that Skynyrd had slightly changed their style.  Apon hearing &quot;I need you,&quot; America was introduced to the softer, sadder side of Skynyrd.      If you are a Skynyrd fan, or if you just like Southern Rock, I recommend this album.  It is one of the best.
0446310786|1.0|Now I'm not one of those negative people that go around bashing everything just for the pleasure of making everyone else miserable, so please do not make that assumption. I was made to read this book for and English class and I absolutely hated it! I'm not rascist at all, so don't make that assumption either. The whole time I was reading this I kept thinking how much this whole thing sounds like it was written by a 5th grader! Not just when the kids were speaking either. The writing style overall just seemed very juvenile to me. This &quot;great American classic&quot; just seemed to be replaying the old boring rascism vs. humanity theme that we've all seen time and time and time again. But this time it just has an even dumber ending! Everyone says how &quot;deep&quot; this novel is and how much thought it takes to really know and love the story. When actually, there are only a few tiny little moments when you have to know on your own what's really going on and decide for yourself. The plot goes absolutely nowhere! Yes a few things change, but by the end of the story, basiclly the same thing is happening that was happening when the story first begins! This novel was BORING! Not because I don't understand it, but because it has a lack of any real depth to it at all. It was about as inspirational and moving as &quot;The Cat in the Hat&quot;.
B00000064F|5.0|I first heard this recording in 1978, 20 years later this CD is still one of my &quot;essential&quot; recorded works.  Cheerful yet melancholy, this is the record that was to made Nick a star...but didn't, a fact that many believe was the beginning of the end for this now cult figure.  Nick's voice is soft, passive and gentile and he uses it on this outstanding recording to his full advantage.  The record has a definite jazz-pop feel with lucious melodies.  This is one record you'll not soon forget.
B00000099Y|5.0|I bought this CD on recomendation of a friend..I had heard it enough to know I'd enjoy it, but i wasn't super-enthusiatic..The only way i can describe how great this CD is to tell you it grows on you, and never stops.  The lyrics are powerful, very creative guitar work, and the drummer's finesse fits in perfectly.  If you aren't sure about it, buy it, wait 2 weeks, and you won't be able to go a day without hearing it.  Its been a year, and I can't.
B000002BYD|5.0|I've listened to the entire CD several times.  From the screaming Do The Evolution to the powerful Wishlist, Pearl Jam delivered a masterpiece.
B000002MG1|5.0|Every song on this album is terrific. It's one of those great listen-all-the-way-through albums that  you can listen to when you want to mellow out. My favorite tracks are &quot;Nightswimming&quot; and &quot;Find the River&quot; because the lyrics are so genuine.
0446605409|4.0|What a great read, the kind of story that would translate well onto film. I found myself casting the movie - Tommy Lee Jones, Uma Thurman, Jeremy Irons.
B000002UEB|5.0|I have had one tape or another of this recording since 1998 and it still out-ranks every thing else I've ever listened to.  These guys were way ahead of their time musically, and I think if this recording came out today, it would still be ahead of its time. <br />The vocals couldn't be better, the musical ideas and arrangements are perfect, and the production of the whole thing is genius.  As a fellow musician for 20+ years, I have to take my hat off to these guys.  They have truly achieved something they can be proud of for a lifetime. They are an inspiration to the rest of us.  Thanks for sharing your work with us guys. <br />Margo Tracey
0671646788|5.0|This BOOK has been highly recommended by Kevin Traedu (the Mega Memory Guy) who read this at 15 and was a multi millonare at 20. Another Great Book &quot;I could have quit $7,000,000 Ago&quot; a book that offers the viechle to achive.
B000003S5H|3.0|I bought this CD because I went NUTS about &quot;sexy boy&quot;...was radically different than stuff I'd been listening to.  I thought this album was gonna be a &quot;grower&quot; on me, but I've since discovered that the first four tracks are great, but the rest just fade into the background.
086140324X|5.0|This was the first Pratchett novel I read and I've reread it at least four times since.  Once you start the Discworld series, you'll want the rest of them.  As mixed up as the Discworld is, it still has a history, and this is the place to begin.  Learn the real meanings of the words &quot;insurance&quot; and &quot;tourist&quot; and you'll soon realize that the Discworld is the one true reality!  Just talking about it makes me want to read it again!
1563523302|2.0|This book could have been written in 25 pages or less.  It was the same thing over and over and over and over...  Anybody who reads this and realizes for the first time that if they buy a two year old Ford truck over a brand new Range Rover they will have money left to invest needs a lot more help than any book could provide.  This is the same basic information my parents have been trying to instill in me for the last 24 years.  I'll sell you my copy for $7.50.  (See, you're already on your way!)
B0000027RL|5.0|This is a classic album that will go down in the history books.
B000001FCB|5.0|A classic set of Jobim standards; a classic singer.
B000002J1B|5.0|I'm not surprised by David Cavanagh's review. While a few of the Yes albums have at least one gem on them, Relayer is the only complete ablum in the group's catalog. It's the only one you'll need.
6304913176|5.0|Need I say more?I can'twait until this comes on satellite TV in England! I loved this movie on the big screen! The story is set in the future and concerns an elite army unit sent to an alien planet to deal with mutant insects intent on destroying Earth. The action scenes are first rate, the special effects are as superb as, say 'The Abyss' and 'Independence Day' and the setpieces, what more can you say but AWESOME!!!!!     END
0062502174|5.0|If you liked the simplicity and deep of the book &quot;The Little Prince&quot; you might enjoy this one, which shows us how is so simple to live if you give an attention to the things around us.  Most of the time the happiness is so near, but  we spend years to notice that.
B000003RCY|5.0|This is an incredible CD that you can put in the player and listen all the way through.  Powerful hardly describes Rammstein.  Using the best of Heavy Metal and Industrial Rock, this is a pumping, high energy album.  A MUST BUY!!!
B0000025DD|5.0|David Gilmour is one of the underappreciated masters of guitar. His technique and sound is clean and precise, and his music is some of the best blues and rock to emerge from the seventies. Joe Satriani's &quot;Flying in a Blue Dream&quot; sounds remarkably like &quot;Mihalis.&quot; &quot;There's No Way Out of Here&quot; has a very Clapton-style blues rock feel, as does &quot;Cry From the Street&quot; and &quot;No Way.&quot; &quot;It's Deafinitely&quot; is a deafeningly a great slide guitar montage. &quot;Raise My Rent&quot; and &quot;Short and Sweet&quot; are simply fine performances. A great album that really should have received more recognition. Probably better than anything Gilmour did with Pink Floyd.
B000002MH5|5.0|this is one of dinosaur jr's best albums!  this indie rock band has NEVER ceased to release the BEST tunes!  this is a great album....especially &quot;Out There&quot; and &quot;What Else Is New&quot;.  A GREAT ALBUM!
B000001Y5J|5.0|Trent Reznor made a statement with this album that every new album would be different from the last. Pretty Hate Machine was all electronica and techno rock. This is true metal industrial. &quot;Pinion&quot; is a great opening track leading into the eerie and pounding &quot;Wish.&quot; The last two tracks (98 and 99) &quot;Physical&quot; and &quot;Suck&quot; are pretty good too. Really a great NIN album. If only the movie were more accessible.
0793518326|5.0|This is a great book for anyone who loves Beatles music. It's also a great way to learn Rock and Roll music: learn from the best!
B0000025ZK|4.0|David Gilmour's second solo album sounds more like mainstream eighties rock. Which is not to say that it is not good. It has moments of lyrical and musical excellence. &quot;Until it Sleeps&quot; is an interesting opening track. &quot;Murder&quot; is an intelligent reference to John Lennon's murderer. The rest of the album is sparking with some good rock and roll. The opening riff to &quot;Blue Light&quot; is amazing, though the song is easily a Steve Winwood collaboration. Not really as classic as his first solo album, but definitely worth listening to, and showed promise...which Gilmour ended up using when Pink Floyd reformed. Just as well perhaps, but this is still a good album.
B000002JB8|4.0|Oceanic is a delightful return to the better music of Vangelis.  He provides his fans with an album that aims to please. Although most of his melodies are simple, he is able to obtain a harmonious equilibrium of sweeping themes and delicate instruments. I reccomend it, for Vangelis fans and new age fans who are interested in romantic, soft music.
B000002NJS|5.0|First time I heard the album, to be honest, I didn't think much of it. I only liked Ray of Light. The more I've listened to it, the more I've come to appreciate it. This album has very fresh sounds and Madonnas voice is very good. I especially like Ray Of Light, Swim, Skin, Nothing Really Matters, and Candy Perfume Girl - in that order.
B000000OEI|5.0|Crimson tide is a masterpiece of deep electronic music accompanied by powerful pieces of a men's chior.  Therefore, it seemed so appropriate as the soundtrack for a movie about life on a submarine.  Turn this one up loud for you will be knocked of your socks by the gritty first track.
B000002AGN|5.0|I recall this recording as the one that sparked my interest in the Dave Brubeck Quartet, and jazz in general. Paul Desmond's limpid alto seems a perfect counterbalance to Brubeck's sometime bombastic style of playing. This album also made me a big Joe Morello fan. He is, without a doubt, the most intriguing and interesting jazz drummer I have heard. Sony's recent remastering has brought clarity to this recording, especially to the bass lines. The remix also brings the sax a bit closer to the &quot;center&quot; of the audio soundstage.
0140186395|3.0|I felt impressed to write a review after reading the book only because I felt the other reviewers were a bit one-sided in appraising this &quot;20th Century Classic&quot;.  While he develops his thesis wonderfully by spinning a modern day version of the Biblical &quot;myth&quot; of Cain an Abel, and while he lovingly develops the characters of Cal, Lee, Sam Hamilton, and Abra, he simultaneously vents his spleen's bitterness against women, Christians, and especially Christian women.  I felt over and over that Steinbeck had nurtured his prejudices and was using this novel as a means of lashing out at former lovers, Sunday school teachers, aunts and any other woman who had any level of conviction and authority over him at any point in his life.  Beyond Cathy, the human personification of Satan (literally), each and every woman character in the book is demeaned until we finally meet Abra, the liberated teenager who is more like Steinbeck's male characters than any of his female characters.  By the end of the book I was tired of his cranky and pedantic &quot;macho&quot;/independent voice.  I was glad to be back in a world where women are human beings and where moral communities are actually a viable place of nurture and not merely (imagined) oppression.
B000002UJQ|2.0|I'm trying to figure out the variables that may account for my opinion of this CD being so vastly different from the overheated praise that everyone else has offerred.  Maybe I'm not the audience (I wouldn't have blown 13 bucks if I didn't think I might be, but I also wonder what the average age of most reveiwers here is, and what other music appears in their respective pantheons).  Maybe I haven't listened to it enough (although I remain discouraged from doing so based on previous listenings).  Maybe I'm just an elitist pig, or the opposite--a dumb bunny with no taste.  Still, I don't see what all the fuss is about.  I find little original and nothing profound or moving in the music or lyrics.  Everyone else seems to just adore this Cd, but you'll note that no one seems to do a very god job of explaining exactly WHY: it's great, therefore it's great.  I see lots of references to U2 and Pink FLoyd, but Radiohead strikes me more as The Alan Parsons Project of the late 90's, but more dirge-like. I hope that sounds like the faint praise I intend it to be.  If this is &quot;the best Cd of the decade&quot; or the year, I think it a sad comment on the current state of rock n' roll. I'm listening to it as I type, and the result is only a further convinction that I'm taking it to the used CD store soon and returning without it.  Emptor caveat.
B000001ESN|5.0|Ayn Rand would be proud !! Music and Lyrics are precise, thoughtful and very moving to the mind.  This is progressive rock at it's pinnacle. One of the most impressive performances from this intellectual rock band.
B000002C2E|5.0|If Dante had been a rock n'roller, he might have come up with an album much like &quot;Time Out of Mind.&quot;  It reminds me of nothing so much as a trip to the inferno and (nearly) back.  Spooky, if not outright frightening, made tolerable only by the honest humanity of every song. <br />Dylan has never been more straightforward in his lyrics--gone are the hallucinatory, expressionisticaly inscrutable turns of phrase.   The music and lyrics are so simple that on the first few listens--and after reading lots of glowing reviews--I wondered whether the emporor was wearing any clothes.  But it's beside the point, becuase if he isn't, he knows darn well he isn't, but has to go on anyway. The result is haunting.  If you can't relate to lyrics like &quot;last night I danced with a stranger/but she just reminded me you were the one&quot; you'd better check your pulse (even if you've never danced with a stranger).  Possibly Dylan's best ever--and that's saying a mouthful.  But I don't think that Dylan is competeing with himself here so much as he is with the great masters of American song: Hank Williams (Sr., please), Stephen Foster, Robert Johnson.  It's that good.
B000005RRF|5.0|Definitely one of the premier albums of the 1980's. Fish &amp; Co. get it together for one of the best conceptual albums of the decade. The music is precise, prescient and beyond all - very moving.  The lyrics speak to the heart. Highly recommended
B000002MI4|5.0|&quot;The Juliet Letters&quot; resonates emotion more powerfully than any other album that I have ever heard.  It strikes deep into the hearts of everyone who hears even a small portion of it and is an amazing achievement by everyone involved.  Its somber, brooding, melodies are pure bliss to hear, and feel.
B000001F3C|5.0|Although The Joshua Tree is U2's most well-known album, War is their best, and indeed the best album I've heard by any band.  Powerful emotions rage and cry throughout the album, from the tragedy set out in 'Sunday Bloody Sunday' to the tranquil '40.'  As I initially listed to the CD, I thought the first 4 tracks were excellent.  Then the first 5.  Then 6.  Then 7.  The excellence, power, and emotion never fade throughout the album, and I highly reccomend it to anyone.
B000001FY9|5.0|This is a great cd that has very nice rhythms and meaningful, provocative lyrics.  Truly one of the greatest is Bob Marley.  If there is only one cd that you could own of Marley's, this should be the one.
B000001E18|2.0|First off, I'd like to say that I'm a huge U2 fan, which is mainly why I thought Zooropa deserved the low rating I gave it.  Zooropa captures none of the power of War, the emotion of The Joshua Tree, or the disillusionment of Achtung Baby.  The album's only redeeming quality would be its satirizing of popular culture, which is actually brought out better (and in a more musically pleasing manner) in Pop.  The title track is excellent, &quot;Lemon&quot; and &quot;Daddy's Gonna Pay For Your Crashed Car&quot; are decent, and though it's a 100 times better played live, so is &quot;Dirty Day.&quot;  But beyond that the CD descends into a musical wasteland of synthesizers and annoying sound effects.  It's my personal theory that after The Joshua Tree, U2 had to find a way to decrease their fan base into something more manageable.  So they came out with Achtung Baby to scare people away.  When that became a big hit, they had no choice but to put out a miserable excuse for an album in Zooropa.  There are only two people for whom I'd recommend this album:  Die-hard U2 fans who love anything the band puts out, and non-U2 fans who have never heard any of their good music (or just happen to like dance/techno/whatever-Zooropa-is better).
B000002IZM|5.0|If you like the film or you enjoyed the game, this is your CD. I recomend it to all the BLADE RUNNER fans, but also to the people who like Vangelis and the New Age music .
B000002MG1|5.0|Automatic For The People is the most melodic, most emotional, most searching album R.E.M. has made, and is among the best albums of all time.  Words simply do not describe it.
B0000027F3|5.0|Rob Halford's last Priest album and the heaviest to date.  They spare no one on this album.  If you need to get your heart racing a hundred beats a minute, crank this one as loud as your stereo can handle and watch the neighbors cringe! Scott Travis, formerly of Racer X, proves why he's perhaps the best heavy metal drummer out there.  Every song unleashes the fury that Judas Priest started in the early 70s.  Buy it, if you don't have it already.
B000002MU3|3.0|It seems as if good bands always have to throw out something awful to counterbalance previous masterpieces.  U2 did it with Zooropa, and R.E.M. did it with Monster.  But I guess I can't blame them -- after Automatic For The People, where else was R.E.M. to go?  I'm just glad they've since removed this 'monstrous' urge from their systems.
B000002572|5.0|Epitomizes what classic rock is all about.  Memorable songs, great guitar riffs and experimentation brought rock to the next stage...
0312853238|5.0|I spent the first 23 years of my life believing reading was a waste of time.  Then a friend let me borrow the Worthing Saga.  It was a very interesting story, but this then led me to try reading ENDERS GAME.   WOW, what a great tale.  Card writes characters that you can't help but care about, and Ender Wiggin is definitely his very best!!<br />Since reading Enders Game I have slowly read as much of Card as I can find.  His SF is excellent, and equally matched by his Fantasy series (The Alvin series is fantastic).  Unfortunately OSC has recently moved more to the mainstream and is writing more mundane fiction.  <br />My hope is that he expands on his Ender Series (anyone who read Children of the Mind will probably agree that it seems that the story needs to continue),  and I am anxious to read the 5th part of the Alvin series. Card is a great writer, and I recommend him to anyone!!!
B000002NFM|4.0|This is one of the best dance cds that I have ever bought, it has great mixes and I love electronica.  The best songs are number four &amp; number 1.
0887308589|5.0|Dilbert is a great comic strip, and Scott Adams is a very funny guy.<BR> If you like the Dilbert strips, you'll definitly like this Book.<BR> It really &quot;captures the Dilbert spirit&quot;.
B000002J1U|5.0|This is definetly the band's most underrated album, and in some ways their darkest.  here they venture into acoustic territory, and the results are spectacular. It opens with the classic Immigrant Song. Plant's battle cry just sends chills to my spine in this song.  However, my personal favorite is the bluesy epic Since I've Been Loving You.  I have never heard so much feeling put into a song.  I also love Bron-Y-Aur Stomp. In fact all of the tracks are great except for the last one, which is just too weird and freaky for my taste.  Otherwise, this is a perfect album and a must-have if you're a rock fan.
0670880728|5.0|If you have ever been a teenage girl, a young, unmarried twentyish, thiryish or even old married fiftyish girl, this book is for you. The things that happen to Bridget have or will have happened to all women. You cannot help but see yourself through Bridget's eyes!
0375701427|5.0|If Saul Bellow wrote Crime &amp; Punishment or about the recent event in Jonesboro, Arkansas, this would have been the book.  A contemplative book over the decline of morals in America.  It deserved the Pulitzer.
B000005RRF|5.0|This is the best that Marillion has  recorded.  From the opening Psuedo  Silk Kimono to the final refrains of  White Feather, this one album   takes the listener on a journey  through the deep feelings of an  individual who has experienced love  and loss in a young life.  Fish  delivers both the sadness of songs  like Kayleigh, Bitter Suite and Mylo  and then winds up with brilliant  revelations like Childhoods End? and  White Feather. If you own no other  Marillion album or cd, it must be  this one.  It is in my top 5  favorites of all time.
B000002J20|4.0|This album, while not as great as the masterpiece that is _Close To The Edge_, ranks with Yes' best. It's taken a lot of critical flak for being the epitome of everything wrong with prog-rock (probably more because of the lyrics and corny mysticism of the liner notes more than anything else), but I don't think the critics gave it more than one listen.  While much of the fluff could have been cut, there is enough brilliance in many of the musical passages that more than redeem it.
B000002KH3|4.0|I bought this album when it first came out.  I used to listen to it in the morning before school while my sister styled my hair.  I played this album from start to finish just about every day. It's too bad David Lee Roth left the group.  I miss those days (and my hair :-)
6302906636|5.0|When I first heard the plot for this movie, I wasn't interested. Then, while visiting a friend, I watched it and became absorbed by the story. I have since seen the sequels and the TV series, but nothing compares with the original. Anyone who's ever wanted to never grow old, never die, never stop looking beautiful, ever fallen in love with a mystery, or is simply into a great story, should buy this movie. Who wants to live forever? If you don't know the answer to that one, you'll know it by the time the credits roll.     END
0553260111|5.0|This is a typical Ludlum novel.  Somehow he makes you fall in love with Jason Bourne and you just can't wait to get to the next page to see what Jason does next.  Ludlum will retain his title of &quot;The king of the superthiller&quot; forever.
0894808532|5.0|I STRONGLY agree with that 'reader from Washington' who commented on Jack Nicholson playing Crowly! Even though I'm only halfway through the book, I fell in love with the characters, (Aziraphale &amp; Crowly;am I the only one to mention the angel?:) they're incredibly funny. As I was reading the book I could actually see it as a film, it would make a great movie. But, as most books like this go unnoticed by the big shots in Hollywood, it will probably;<br /> A: never be a movie.<br /> or<br /> B: Script Writers will SLAUGHTER it.<br /> It's really sad, 'B' describes what befell &quot;The Lost World,&quot; which I still get mad about. One thing, I wish they would have left the original cover on the paperback, it was SOOO cool! I kinda thought it showed the character's attitudes better...<br /> - KarliBear &amp; Baby Godzilla
6304938276|5.0|Who cares if it costs so much in the meantime? BUY IT NOW!!!!!!     END
044022165X|2.0|It is a testament to the great, all powerful Grisham that I actually sat and read this entire boring hunk of poopy ca-ca.  I'm even getting bored now, trying to think of something to say about this.  Did anyone think for a second that Rudy wouldn't beat the evil insurance co. AND get the poor little abused wifey in the end?  Maybe the Jon Voight character could've sprouted vampire fangs or something. this book literally hypnotized me into thinking about leprechauns. Come on people, think!  The only reason to destroy Oswald's note was because it probably warned of the attack on JFK!  Now we're through the looking glass here people . . .
0316286869|4.0|I loved Kevin's book.  I really learned a lot about applying makeup so that it is dramatic -- I was brainwashed by the &quot;nude colors&quot; thrown at us by the magazines!<br />I have two reasons why I did not give it five stars--<br />1.  To truly achieve the smoky eyes look you have to line the rims of your eyes with liner.  I did this and walked around work with itchy, red eyes for hours.  And it disappeared pretty quickly (the tears of irritation took care of it!)<br />2.  You have to have a great complexion to follow his advice for foundations.  Sheer foundation on my face would be a huge mistake.  His section on contouring helps, but, tell me honestly, how many people can follow his advice about little or no foundation?
0140131558|5.0|My first introduction to Auster was disguised behind celluloid in &quot;The Music of Chance&quot;.  I picked up on the name &quot;Auster&quot; later, when &quot;Smoke and &quot;Blue in the Face&quot; were released.  Several years after seeing Chance, I recognized the name Auster on a reduced price hardcover outside of a bookstore in LA (which is funny in itself), remembered the name from the dichotomous films of Smoke and Blue in the face (as I was impressed with them), and picked it up as an arbitrary deal.  I eagerly read &quot;Hand to Mouth&quot; after discovering that the Auster had also written Chance.  Returning to that same bookstore 6 months later (I am from Boston), feeling the urge to rediscover another Auster masterpiece, I randomly selected &quot;The New York Trilogy&quot;....... Hold while I'm speachless..............  Three works that question the darker side of what we wonder to be in all of us.  It was as if the characters in the stories had silently known that they were being read and that they were using this to feed their solitude.  I was staring at ultimate loneliness.  And with no resolve of this self desolation, nothing to go back to, the search for happiness continued.  It kept you going, reading, hoping to wind up at the end of a &quot;White&quot;, &quot;Blue&quot;, and &quot;Red&quot;  trilogy........About New York Trilogy.....They should make movie(s) out of them......American needs more hopelessness.......
B000002GMT|4.0|Though not as hit-packed as 'GOLD', this album clearly shows ABBA's diversity and multi-faceted talent.  I think their greatest ability was creating songs of different styles, never getting locked into a particular genre.   From Rock..to Disco..to Reggae..to Ballads..to almost Inspirational...this band was very underrated. 'Eagle' is a masterpiece in its own right, its a shame this CD contains the edited, shortened version. The full-length, almost 6 minute original album version is definitely headphone heaven.   If you loved 'GOLD' and have been smitten by the ABBA bug, this is a good follow-up to learn more about the ABBA phenemenon.
B000002BHE|5.0|It's marvellous. If you like it at all, try Let's Talk About Love. I have two Celine albums, of both I bought by chance, and they really surprised me, awesome!
B000001E7L|5.0|If there was only one CD in the world I could keep, it would undoubtedly be this. It's so spiritual and moving, Dolores O'Riordan makes you feel like you've known her all your life. Do yourself a favor, purchase this album as soon as possible. You WON'T regret it.
B000002C4J|5.0|Celine is a talented woman, the best vocalist of our era. Her voice has the texture of gleaming iron, it's sharp, it's clear and it really cuts deep into your heart and touches you with the most intimate affection. Some of the songs show the subtlety of hers, so tender and soft, just like a dandelion floating in the wind. Don't forget, the great hit My Heart Will Go On is featured!!
0140001115|4.0|This book is very mysterious and thrilling. You never want to put this book down. I will be sure to recommend it to others.
B0000029LG|4.0|While most of the media treated this work as indication that Michael had gone from saving the music industry (much of disk 1) to suddenly having no talent (disk 2), the fact is this is his most heartfelt and soulful music.  Starting with Scream and They Don't Care About Us, Michael sings the reality of learning the press has turned on him and his government would disappoint him.  Songs that many of today's professional artists and political figures can surely relate to.  MJ takes the Beatles' hit Come Together and makes you believe what you are hearing is how he sang along with it when it first played on the radio.  You Are Not Alone strikes me as one of the best ballads ever by anyone.  The only weak spot of disk 2 is ironically, Smile - where MJ seems to be saying despite the trials he's been through, in the end he'll be happy.  The vocals on disk 2 are pure MJ flawless, the music is timeless (3 years later, it's still great driving music), and the engineering is perfect.  Play disk 1 for your children; save disk2 for teens and adults.
B0000024U8|5.0|I first heard this Album in 1971 and it has been a favorite of mine since.  Michael Bloomfield is one of the finest blues-rock guitarists of his time.  His phrasing and style are unique such that when one hears his guitar, it is obviously him.  A classic.
0395078016|2.0|Hitler was as good as his word. One of the few politicians who did exactly what he planned to do, as described in this horrible book. &quot;Know your Enemy&quot; is good advice. I read this book as a high school student in an attempt to understand the most murderous doctrine of the 20th century. I was left feeling nothing but contempt for the book, though I appreciated the efforts of the people who translated it. Those who attempt to apologize for Hitler should be ashamed of themselves.
B000002J6F|5.0|Haven't heard this jewel since the 8-track '70s and it's a welcome reunion.  These songs are perfect to listen to while you're driving on a long trip, and it's PERFECT to have on while you're having a red-hot poker game with your buddies . . .
0385473788|5.0|This book is an extrodinary example of the human spirit. Though locked in an attic for 2 years, Anne never gives up on living.  She truly holds on to her ideals untill the end. I wish that there were more people like her in the world.
B0000025DD|4.0|I love this recording.  Moody, blues inspired, and expertly produced, I return to this album again and again.  I never tire of hearing how Gilmour plays guitar, and his vocals are heartfelt and inspiring.
0441003257|3.0|Not great, but not awful.  I found too much of the humor in the book was self-conscious or forced.  I am a big fan of the Sandman series, but found nothing of that exceptional talent at work here.  Good for a plane trip.
B000002NJS|5.0|As a long-time Madonna fan (you know, I was one of those girls at age 15 with the black lace gloves, red lipstick, and tassled hair) I have to say she has come a long way. For the first time in a while, I feel her whole heart and sole in this album rising out of the tracks- so much so that at first, I was not that crazy about it. But it grew on me, and now there is no turning back. Enjoy.
0385484518|5.0|We often try to make life much more than it is or should be.  In a very personal way, Mitch helps Morrie show all of us that life boils down to our relationships with each other.  Giving is not a materialistic experience.  It is sharing, loving and listening.  Morrie helps us to see through the weeds in the garden to the beauty of the flowers.
0425129608|1.0|I certainly agree with the last person commenting. This was no winner.  The plot dragged, the story was far from suspenseful, and you felt a heavy obligation to read to the end.  I think that Christie has several novels where  the deadline was shortly approaching, or she had just run out of ideas.  That's certainly acceptable, but don't bother with a less-than mediocre book!
B000006NPY|5.0|First off, THIS IS A GREAT ALBUM!<br />Secondly, I have read all of the reviews here on Amazon.com and I am pleased to see that most find this album to be the masterpiece that it indeed is.  Others, however, complain that this album is &quot;too slow&quot; or &quot;dull&quot; with the general complaint of &quot;What happened to the guitars and drumming??&quot;  Indeed, if they were looking for another Rat-In-The-Cage type of album, perhaps you won't find what you're looking for here -- and you're also probably not a true Pumpkins fan.  Their musical style has changed every album -- true that Adore is by far the most subdued of them all, but once you're &quot;swept in&quot; (as is always the case), you would notice Billy's musical sense is just as present as it always was.<br />I just went to their latest concert and they played all of their Adore songs -- complete with the pianos and DISTORTED GUITARS and THREE DRUMMERS!!  Billy could have gone with the guitars and drummers (this is less likely) on the album, but I feel it was a personal choice.  The greatest assest of the Pumpkins is their ability to combine the best of many musical elements and switch effortlessely between them.  <br />I've heard songs like To Shiela and For Martha with Billy screaming and guitars howling, and it sounds just as good with the pianos alone.
0440203856|5.0|I hate to admit it, but I like Danielle Steel.  Sure, we can criticize her prose which can be downright silly but no one can argue the fact that she is a professional when it comes to story-telling.  Her novels read like epic screenplays and readers are taken to worlds far away with stories about characters which are moving and keep the pages turning.  I have read only 5 of Ms. Steel's novels but &quot;Zoya,&quot; to date, is the best.  &quot;Zoya&quot; is the story of a Russian girl who flees her Russian homeland with her grandmother during the revoloution.  She goes to Paris where her dreams of being a dancer are fulfilled and romance enters her life.  The novel moves from Paris to New York where we are allowed to watch Zoya for 80 years.  Ms. Steel brings to life all the feelings of Russia and romance eventhough, as we said, they may not be articulated well.  This reader felt all the tears, laughter and joy Zoya experienced throughout her lifetime.  Novels can either teach or entertain - so what if there is no lesson to be learned from the novels Danielle Steel writes?  I can't think of too many people who can come up with stories like she can - so hats off to Ms. Steel!
0553573403|5.0|This book is a must-read for anyone that enjoys logical / self-consistent Fantasy novels, BUT...it is only &quot;Vol 1&quot; and much is left unresolved at the end of the book (although what IS resolved is very satisfying) so don't jump in unless you're confident that you can stand to wait for the second volume to continue this excellent tale.
B000003CKH|4.0|This band, out of Sacramento CA, will come as a great find to those who don't already know of them.  This, their second album (the first 'Motorcade of Generosity' had the memorable tune 'Rock &amp; Roll Lifestyle') is a great mix of covers and original material.  Cake's style is difficult to categorize, but includes bits of country (including W.Nelson's 'Sad Songs and Waltzes), Ska, and lots of horn.  The album is solid all the way through, all the tunes are good and worth a listen; however, the lead tune 'Frank Sinatra' and their cover of the Lauria Gaynor hit 'I Will Survive' are brillant.  Though I did not give this album five stars, it is one of my favorite albums of the last few years.
B000000WFF|5.0|I thought this CD was absoulutely wonderful! My favourite songs are Stop, Too Much and the Lady is a Vamp. I would recommend this CD to whoever likes the Spice Girls! They rock!
0679735259|5.0|A combat journalist's account of his time in Vietnam, \\"Dispatches\\" combines harrowing realism with insightful observation, often unwound in stream-of-consciousness prose.  It is an exercise in what is sometimes referred to as \\"New Journalism\\", and while it is more memoir than hard history, it is an invaluable immersion into the Vietnam conflict that lends depth and color to more traditional works on the topic.<br /><br />\\"Dispatches\\" should not be the only book you read about the Vietnam War, but it very definitely should be ONE of the books you read.  Herr effectively breathes life into all of the people and situations included in his stories, and simply put, there is no other book about the conflict like it.  I have read \\"Dispatches\\" several times, and I cannot recommend it more strongly.<br /><br />(One side note: astute readers may notice a number of quotes in \\"Dispatches\\" that were used as lines in Stanley Kubrick's late 1980's film \\"Full Metal Jacket.\\"  Michael Herr was one of the screen writers for \\"Full Metal Jacket\\", and it is a measure of the twisted reality he encountered in Vietnam that words and situations from his own life would fit so well into Kubrick's dark and almost bleakly satirical film.)
1556154844|5.0|I just wish they required this book for CS Students in college. It could cut my frustrations in half in the average day of being a programmer. It helped me immensely improve my programming skills and gave me some practical advice on how to deal with the Non-programmer types in the office that keep trying to &quot;help&quot; me out. This is absolutely a must read for any programmer out there regardless of platform.
0451191153|5.0|I read this book twice in three weeks, amazed by the language, philosophy, and characterizations.  Rand weaves a complex allegory, and is able to successfully show that it is worthwhile to stick to principles, and for each man and woman to achieve his/her pinnacle of ability.  If you liked The Fountainhead, then you will absolutely be awed by her other epic, Atlas Shrugged.
B000002BQK|5.0|Mariah Carey has done some smashing albums before but none of them come close to this one.  Butterfly tops them all.  Every song on this cd is absolutely superb.  Some of the other songs that don't have videos need to be recognized like Close My Eyes, Whenever You Call, and The Beautiful Ones.  Mariah really expressed herself on this album and on a scale of 1-10 i give it a 20!
B000005ZFN|5.0|Relistening to &quot;A Passion Play&quot; as an adult I'm more impressed with the musical composition than I was in my teenage years, when friends gathered in front of the turntable to argue over what the lyrics meant. This is about as tight as a band can get and play more than three instruments. <br />Lyrically the &quot;play&quot; starts out like John Milton and ends up like Friedrich Nietchie. I still think this is the right direction, although lyric interpretation is no longer of my hobbies. One gets the sense that Jethro Tull were extending their artistic reach, musically and lyrically, as many bands tried to do in the 1970's. This is one of the more successful results. <br />Divided into four acts and 16 tracks, &quot;A Passion Play&quot; is one man's journey through heaven and hell. A kind of rock opera, or musical play, for those who don't find pinball wizardry that compelling. <br />The division into 16 tracks (with titles) is a new feature of this gold disc, as are the restoration of liner notes from the original vinyl, laid out like a theatre program, and including the lyrics/libretto.<br />The best new feature--and what makes this a 5 star buy--is the remastered sound from Mobile Fidelity. The previous CD version of &quot;A Passion Play&quot; sounded like it was recorded from my old vinyl copy. In fact, I preferred my album to the CD, which is why it has been so long since I listened to this particular Jethro Tull album. <br />It was worth the wait. The sound is flawless. This CD could have been recorded last week; it's that clear. <br />So break out the headphones. Or wait until the wife's away. You're going to want to turn this one way up.<br />Don Kenner
B000001F2J|4.0|David Bowie was 19 when this album was released, and it is proof of the origination of his unearthly writing genius. Released in 1967, it's sound has it's own light oddness, but it's distinctly mid-1960's London. However, the album's sounds are extremely contradictory to the subject matter; The incongruities of suburban London. The track &quot;Please Mr. Gravedigger&quot;, is the story of a gravedigger with an unhealthy fetish. It's subjects that lie within remain to be explored by the listener. From polotics to things that seem to be plainly silly, but deserve the most inquiry.
0670880728|1.0|For anyone concerned about the &quot;dumbing-down&quot; of humanity, here it is in all its glory.  This is a pointless, plotless, poorly-written excuse for a novel.  And although it does provide a few chuckles, it's repetitive, shallow and utterly insipid.
B000003BEM|5.0|Keith!  &quot;Say a Prayer for the common foot soldier...lets drink to the hard working people...lets drink to the Salt of the Earth...&quot; <br />Proud to be alive and able to listen to this...
B000000OUJ|5.0|This is the best rap album ever!  With songs like Cold World, Shadowboxing, and 7th Chamber, it is a must-buy for any fan of the Wu-Tang Clan!
0385484518|5.0|This book is a wonderful reminder of what is really important in life.  When you begin to feel that life's burdens and tasks have all but brought you to your knees, have this book on hand to help bring your life's priorities back into your own perspective.
0446364495|1.0|A terrible book: pretentious, sappy and just plain ol' poorly written. That this got to be such a sensation tells me only one thing: there are a lot of lonely, sickeningly romantic women out there who don't know crap when they read it. Anyone wonder why this author divorced? I don't.
B000007ODM|5.0|ERA.. one State-of-the-Art CD .. I picked this CD in Paris last year. Suits as the perfect gift.
B000001TVD|5.0|From the days I first heard the title song while in college (76-80), I have never forgotten this album.  I spent years trying to locate the vinyl and finally did, although the CD was impossible to locate; I wasn't even sure it had made it to CD format.  Now, thanks to Amazon.com, I see it has.  Anyone who enjoys Hendrix and other related guitar-Gods should listen to this with headphones and prepare to be blown away!
0812548094|5.0|After reading the First book in few days, I knew I would be entranced by his sequel.  I could never put the book down.  There is never a low point in the book.  If you plan on getting some sleep than don't read this becuase you are never going to stop reading it until you have it finished.
B000002BE9|5.0|I bought this CD without even hearing a single song, because people kept telling me that I would like it because in ways Fiona and I are alike. Once I heard it, I fell in love with the way she expresses herself and how it seems as though she understands you and her lyrics seem to be relating to everyone because of her talent. I would really recommend this to anyway who can appreciate lyrics that have true meaning.
006017322X|5.0|To say that this classic moved me would be an magnificient understatement.  At age 12, it opened my eyes and soul to a period that was previously shrouded in generalities.  At age 21, it still continues to grip me with Lee's chilling displays of ignorance and blind hate.  It's my personal #1 favorite and recommended reading to anyone!
0399142851|3.0|Have read Cornwell since the beginning and generally find her engagning if formulaic.  She is grinding too many axes with her own problems with relationships (the lesbian thing).  Plus her endings have become quite anticlimactic (ala Robt Parker).  Still, she has promise and stands well above many in this genre.
B00000253N|5.0|I first heard this album as I visited/consoled my friend in his shabby apt in Tempe AZ in 1976 as he was going through a breakup of his first marriage (he's had two more since).  Absolutely captured the spirit of this lost, estranged soul bouncing around those walls.  In 20 years or 100 years will be one of the watermarks of American music...  competing with the rest of Dylan's body of work will lessen it but truly amazing on it's own.  Few collections approach this.
B00000163G|4.0|This is probably the most overated of all 2pac's work.  You would think that after his release from prison, 2pac would have delivered an album that is a better commentary on his life trials prior to prison.  Instead, 2pac goes right back to the sh-t, focusing too much on, and overdramatizing the thug-life. This drawn-out, sprawling, if not tedious double album tends to be annoying at times. However, stand-out tracks like &quot;How Do You Want It&quot;, &quot;Bring the Pain&quot;, California Love&quot;, I aint Mad at Cha&quot; &quot;Wonda Why they Call You B--tch&quot; and a few others takes on all the needless and uncalled for tracks, not making it a complete throw-away.  While it's certainly not as consistent as his previous efforts, this double CD still contains the best from one of the most prolific rappers in Hip Hop.<br />Peace! El-715
B000002UJQ|5.0|You can lose yourself completely in this music - it is abosolutely interesting, compelling, moving - best album I've heard in years.
B000001Y16|2.0|Another over-rated album by 2pac.  This album released after his death is Pac's most modest effort. The stand-out tracks, &quot;Bomb 1&quot;, &quot;Hail Mary&quot;, &quot;Toss It Up&quot; are his best, but not powerful enough to save the rest of this CD.  Supposedly the wrath of his alter-ego Makaveli, this CD covers no new territory, sticking to the same &quot;been there, done that&quot; themes on &quot;All Eyez on Me&quot;.  Only HIS hardcore fans will call this a masterpiece.  In my opinon, 2pac had already peaked.<br />Peace El-715
B000002ILG|5.0|I've put &quot;HUNGRY&quot; as one of my top 10 most favorite songs of all time.  I love the guitar tone and the rifs that the guitarist puts into this song.   Most of the songs on this album are really enjoyable. I especially enjoy the famous &quot;Wait&quot;, and Lady of the Valley - which conjurs up visions of some King Arthurian like legend.   I've also enjoyed how many of the songs end at unexpected times - forcing you to think about how this band is slightly different from most other hard rock bands of it's day.   I've really enjoyed this album and Mane Attractions.  The other ones aren't so great - mostly because the lyrics are at times, painful to listen to (clich).
B0000025F7|5.0|Without a doubt, Off the Wall is probably THE best album by Jackson.  Michael is on top of his game on every cut and the average tracks are still tight.  Stand-out tracks are &quot;Don't Stop Till You Get Enough&quot;, &quot;Rock With You&quot;, &quot;Off the Wall&quot;, &quot;I Can't Help It, and more.  If you don't own this one buy it now!  I suggest you try to find it on vinyl because it came with one of his best album covers that doesn't come with the CD version. <br />El-715
B000005C1B|5.0|Listen to the legend who can sing all eight octaves in a single song.  Orbison sings his classic hits with emotion only he can provide, and  only you can feel.  Just buy it and enjoy it for the rest of your life.
0670813028|5.0|I am not a particular fan of horror fiction, but can't stay away from just about anything written by Stephen King.  He is such a great storyteller, I can't wait until a new book comes out.  This book is one of my all time favorites.  It's characters are so real, you feel as if you know them, or at least someone like them.  I found it a must to read more than once, and I've enjoyed it more each time.  I don't agree with those who say it was too long.  I wanted it to go on and on.
B000006JPJ|5.0|Not a bad song on this one! Even though the best songs in PowerSlave (Two Minutes to Midnight, Rime of the Ancient Mariner...) are better than the best songs on this album ( Only the good die young, Infinite Dreams...) overall the quality of songs on this album are better. <br />Unfortunately, the last great Maiden album.
B000002KMY|5.0|If you like heavy metal, buy it! Two songs are in the movie Heavy Metal. This is Black Sabbath's best album.  I'm one of the few who liked the Dio years better than the Ozzy years, although &quot;Iron Man&quot; was my favorite song when I was a kid. This album rocks.  It has plenty of raw power with songs like &quot;Voodoo,&quot; and &quot;Turn Up the Night&quot; and the more melodic songs like &quot;Falling off the Edge of the World&quot; are beautifully sung by Dio, something Ozzy could never do without Randy Rhoads.  Even includes a well-done heavy metal waltz to finish off the album in &quot;Over and Over.&quot;  Only weak spot is the cheezy &quot;Slipping Away&quot; but other than that, this is one of the best 80's heavy metal albums ever released.
B000002UAX|5.0|Beatles are truly magnificent as always.  This album brings back all the best.
B000002B7M|5.0|This is perhaps the finest guitar work ever done in an album of any style of music.  Rhoads sparkles in gems like &quot;Mr. Crowley,&quot; which is still one of my favorite songs, and &quot;Revelation (Mother Earth).&quot;  Teamed with Ozzy's surprisingly meaningful lyrics, this album is a must have.  The critics may have been cold to this album because they have always shown strong prejudice to the entire heavy metal genre, but screw them. Rhoads' death was tragic.  He was easily better than people like Van Halen or Malmsteen, who represented the heavy metal guitar gods and &quot;Blizzard of Oz&quot; and &quot;Diary of a Madman&quot; prove it.  He brought a feeling to the music that emulates the perfect combination of neo-classicism and old-style blues.  No one since played with more feeling than Randy.
B000002HRE|1.0|This album will make any true metallica fan cry.
0062513346|1.0|Never have i read anything so bad, so stupidely constructed and so well received by amateurs. You could learn more about this kind of &quot;spiritualism&quot; watching old kung-fu series on TV.
B000005JA8|5.0|Once you break through the surface strangeness, this will change the way you hear music forever.
0688052304|5.0|This book is a fine read on many levels.  I can think of no better introduction into the basic themes of rhetorical theory, Western philosophy, and travel literature.  Pirsig offers the basics of a systemic philosophy -- something no philosopher has attempted for the last fifty years.  It is a fine antidote to relativistic existentialism!  It is curious how readers either love or hate this book.  It is less curious that those who hate the book rarely offer comments that truly engage Pirsig's main argument.  If you don't like the book, slow down and read it again.
B000002KK8|5.0|Mark Knopfler's guitar work is outstanding! As a song writer he has grown much over the years, and his abilities in arranging are getting better all the time. Of all the D.S. albums I have heard, this is my favorite.
B000002JSZ|3.0|Here's a collection of songs that sound like they were meant to be on For Those About to Rock, but didn't make the cut for that classic album.  All the tracks are tight and stick in your head, but with the exception of a few standouts--most notably, Rising Power--they're all just variations on a theme.  It's a solid rock album, better than most and certainly better than anything AC/DC released through the end of the 1980s, but it's lackluster next to its predecessor.
B000002KNY|5.0|i got this album when it first came out. and i just got it again on cd. its one of those all-time great albums that will just put an ear to ear grin on your face :) back when the heads were at their musical best... every song is awesome.
0375701427|4.0|For someone who came of age in the eighties, this novel was refreshingly real in terms of it's perception of the sixties and the years prior to those.  While we catch a glimpse of the post-war, optomistic years of the forties, we are also shown the alter-ego of the Nirvana-like sixties, where families, factions, and otherwise good friends found themselves to be divided by a war that was to eccentuate everyone's differences ten-fold.  It at times both romanced the war era and personified the conflict it caused.  In general, I found this novel to be deliberate and complicated, as well as refreshingly honest, much like that particular era must have been for all, a sort of purging of all that is real, for better or worse.  Overall, a good read, but perhaps more than a summer beach novel, for to appreciate Roth's characters, one needs to be prepared to see some of one's own hopes and dreams as utterly unpredictable, yet unstoppably human.
6303686745|5.0|Columbia Pictures released &quot;Fail Safe&quot; around the same time it released &quot;Dr. Strangelove.&quot;  Unfortunately, &quot;Fail Safe&quot; has lingered in &quot;Strangelove's&quot; shadow.  The Peter Sellers' classic has already been inducted into the National Film Registry and was recently named one of the AFI's top 100 films of the century.<br />&quot;Fail Safe&quot; also deserves such recognition, due to its fine acting and deep subject matter.  Like &quot;Strangelove&quot;, this movie deals with accidental nuclear war.  And that's where the similarities end, because &quot;Fail Safe&quot; is a gut-wrenching drama.  Faced with nuclear annihilation once an American bomber strikes Moscow, Henry Fonda, as the President, makes the most difficult decision of his personal and professional life.  Look for Larry Hagman, Dom DeLuise, Walter Matthau, and Sorrell Booke in various supporting roles.     END
6302799066|5.0|&quot;Dr. Strangelove&quot; is the epitome of black comedy and social commentary.  Heavy subject matter (the accidental beginning of World War III) is taken to  a totally different plateau.  Sterling Hayden is convincing as General Ripper, the deranged general who starts the mess.  George C. Scott is unusually hilarious as the Air Force Chief of Staff responsible for recalling the renegade bombers.  And Peter Sellers, in three different roles, is magnificant.<br />Classic line:  &quot;You can't fight in here.  This is the War Room!&quot;<br />Classic caution:  Don't sit too close to the screen during the finale.     END
0345350499|1.0|My name IS Morgaine- unfortunately for me, my mother read this book while she was pregnant with me. I am fifteen years old, and I can see that THE MISTS OF AVALON: A. is 4 or 5 hundred pages too long B. is plotless c. is poorly written d. lacks believable characterization e. is historically bogus f. and, most importantly, insults intelligent women-- if we are to have power over men, this book suggests, it must come from our genitalia, and not from our minds. I hope that the world doesn't believe that all feminists think the way that THE MISTS OF AVALON suggests that they should.
B000001ESN|5.0|Permanent Waves is the culmination of early Rush, their triumph as a power trio of guitar, bass, and drums.  The more digital sound of their next album, Moving Pictures, put them over the top and into another realm of audio and popularity.  Unfortunately, they started sinking beneath the weight of heavy keyboards and heavy lyrics on subsequent releases.  But Permanent Waves is before all of that; enjoy one of Rush's finest moments.
B000005JLX|5.0|Difficult to find the correct superlatives as this is a very subtle album. A first listen is pleasant and perhaps a bit confusing... almost free rhyme, ostensibly simply melodies, no drama or sentimentality - only cool observation and intelligent and poetic lyrics. Yet it stays peculiarly exhilarating and refreshing after the 1000th listen. In it's own quiet way this is a revolutionary album. Hard to pin down what makes it so good but it becomes a cherished part of life after a while. On second thought, reasons for things being this good are often elusive. <br />Do not expect the same from Lloyd Cole's solo albums as his ego unfortunately took over to make him just another pop-singer who has to be the center of each of the songs. I suppose we're lucky to have this and &quot;Easy Pieces&quot;. Sigh....
0800141709|5.0|&quot;Dr Strangelove or:How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb&quot; may be the only comedy ever made about neculear war. This 1962 satire of Cold War politics is witty and sharp, and is almost as funny as it was insightful.  If you are left of center in your politics it is espitially entertaining. It savagely attacks the Cold Warrior mentality and makes a statement about the arms race in a way you proably would not expect from a movie of it's era, while staying light and funny.<br />An Air Force general, convinced that his impotence is due to a commie plot to make americans weak and impure (the flouridation of water), decides to put together his own first strike so the US will have to follow and wipe out the Russians.  The movie chronicles the President (Sellars), the General's Brittish aide (Sellars) and others try to stop the destruction of the world.  Other charachters include a twisted Nazi scientist, Dr. Strangelove (Sellars), the bomber crew (including James Earl Jones and Slim Pickens), and the archetypical Cold Warrior (Scott) who advises the president it is all a great idea.<br />I could write a hundred pages and not convey how much this is worth seeing. If you like good black comedy, if you think the Cold War was absurd, or if you just like good films, this is a classic and should not be missed.  Hope you love it!  <br />Peter Sellars plays 3 parts.  George C Sott and James Earl Joenes are in it.  Stanley Kubrick directed it... can't miss...     END
0316545856|5.0|I read Long Walk to Freedom a few years ago while a college sophmore. Years later it is still resonating through me. Our world has few real secular heros and few real leaders. In his autobiography Nelson Mandela, the man behind the legend, is revealed as both. An Inspiration!
B000000HZZ|5.0|This is my favorite Japan release.  On this album you'll hear a wonderful and unique mix of guitar, bass and synths.  Nothing else quite like it.  And of course, the superb vocals of David Sylvian.
B000002JPA|5.0|Dream Theater are a bunch of guys who could have gone anywhere in the world of music but instead stuck with the non-commercial genre they were raised on.  Influenced by Rush, Pink Floyd, Queensryche and Kansas, these guys are not only original but are as tight as a 5 piece can be.  Do yourself a favor and see them live. You will be blown away.
B000006NPY|5.0|A great change of scenery for the pumpkins' sound.  The pumpkins totally reinvented their musical identity.  Their new sound may alienate many of their fans, but the hard-core fans know that this album is as good, if not better than any other album that the pumpkins have put out.  This album is very different from any other album that billy corgan has ever written.  This album basically avoids the big arena guitar riffs that the pumpkins are known for.  There is a great rock song on this album (ava adore), that rocks as well as any other vintage pumpkin song.  The rest of the songs on this album are soft, beautiful songs- some with a hint of electronica.  The best songs on this album are:                      &lt;crestfallen&gt;                       &lt;perfect&gt;                       &lt;to shiela&gt;                      &lt;pug&gt;                      &lt;ava adore&gt; This album by far is the Smashing Pumpkins' most beautiful album to date.  A MUST BUY!!!!!
B000001EPB|5.0|Ronan(Shanon)Hardiman and his Music flux invites you to a travel through fantastic landscapes.
0793518326|5.0|I can't believe this book! 213 Beatles songs? This book is an incredible musical reference to some of the greatest music ever. If you want all these songs you would have to either pay 20 bucks each for about 8-9 books (and still not have music to all the instruments) or pay 50 bucks for this excellent book....Take your pick! I did, and I love this book. Buy it now or suffer the consequences!
0670880728|5.0|Even as a man, I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  It is very funny...I read it in less than a day!
B000000645|5.0|From beginning to end, the collective synergy of this CD between words, music and sounds, provides the listener with the ultimate in escape entertainment.  This varied collection of songs from the Incredible String Band, evokes senses that stimulate, unlatching the gate of the imagination.  And, the best thing is that it's all NATURAL! The song lyrics abound with characters, from the lowly &quot;amoeba&quot; to the mysterious, &quot;unnameable, Namer.&quot;  Also, word pictures take you from &quot;riding backwards on a giraffe&quot; to &quot;wearing iron shoes with ease.&quot; A Very Cellular Song is wondrous, a celebration of lives; Witches Hat is eerie, with veiled hints of strange ceremonies in ancient woods; Koeeoaddi There is happy, wistful, oddly off center;  The Minotaur's Song is proud, boastful, stubborn, forging ahead, not willing to change;  Waltz Of The New Moon is continuous, revolving, renewing, eternal...I listen to The Hangman's Beautiful Daughter again and again.  It's a prized jewel in my CD collection.
0446605409|3.0|While I found portions of the story predictible, I still did not want to put the book down or end.  I have read several of DeMilles books and will continue to enjoy his work.  I like his women, they have substance and individuality.  John Corey's jokes were entertaining and well placed.  Who among us has not uttered some of the same sarchasms under their breath in similar situations?
B000002NJS|4.0|I really like this CD! It brings me up and keeps me moving.... Is there anyone who could sit still while listening to this? Not me! I can't believe that Madonna is anywhere near the age of 40! It gives me hope.....
B000003TA4|5.0|I always knew Nirvana was good and stuff but until I bought this CD I never knew just how good. Every song on this CD is great, especially Smells Like Teen Spirit, In Bloom and Lithium.
0679442790|5.0|A haunting and exquisite tale that tackles the deepest of moral dilemas:  Who is more flawed? The one who does wrong or the one who, through inaction, allows the wrong to occur? This question is dealt with on the blackest of historical canvases -- the aftermath of WWII in Germany.  We take the journey with a sensitive young man trapped between his emotional desire and his moral horror.  The erotic scenes possess a consuming quality which gives a fullness to the moral descent of the book.  A careful read.
0385484518|5.0|This is a great book.  Morrie Schwartz inspires with his thoughts and actions.  In an age when angst is fashionable, it is refreshing and inspiring to read about a human being who has much to complain about but rejoices, who could die unnoticed, but lives heroically, so we must notice him.  He represents the best of what a human being can be.  Thanks to Mitch Albom, we can all know Morrie.
B000002NIW|5.0|The Deftones are good in the fact that they don't ave just one sound, but many different ones that can all be charged onto the same album.  This is best shown on &quot;My Own Summer (Shove It)&quot;, &quot;Be Quiet and Drive (Far Away)&quot;, the title track, and &quot;MX&quot;.These tracks are great, and the rest of the tracks are all above average.  This is heavy, and it shows why these guys and KoRn hang out with each other.
0670880728|5.0|I read this book in less than two days.  It was hysterical, sweet, and a joy to read.  During the course of the book, you learn to love Bridget with her hang-ups, obsessive-compulsive traits, etc. and side with her against her Mum and boss.  By the end you are absolutely cheering for her!  MOst of the sentiments expressed by her have definitely croosed my mind at one time or another, surely by most women.  I was sad to finish the story and look forward to the movie.
0805054375|3.0|Fight club is certainly an intense work by an author who I hope to read more of in the future.  With characters whom you neither cheer nor boo racing to a compelling ending, Palahniuk has fashioned an engaging first work.  Some of the reviews of Fight Club being some &quot;generation x&quot; manifesto are overblown; hey, just enjoy it for what it is, a compelling read that does what it is supposed to do, entertain for a few hours.
B000002B38|5.0|I've seen/heard 30 years of music come and go and this is one of the most amazing displays of live music to ever make it on CD/video. The fact that PF did this so well live is just beyond the normal expectations of even the most demanding audiophile. If you don't love this CD, the video and the music, you are to be doubted as a true PF fan. Get it today!
B0000024VP|5.0|the only donovan albums,in my opnion,that equil    or surpass sunshine superman are mellow yellow    and open road. I wish the powers that be would    please get them out on CD!!!!!!!!!!!!
B000002P5R|5.0|Some of his best work.  Would have taken him to even higher fame.  An album that needs to be in any Jimi collection.
0375404783|5.0|Bridget Jone's diary is a great summer read - even for us 40 somethings.  Loved the British dialect. The only thing that detracted a bit was the happy ending, but this is one of those books where the reader is happy, too.
0345389409|5.0|This was my first Anne Rice and i picked it up because of the summary at the back. It just held my attention from the day i bought it till today when i have finished reading it. I see some people rate this book as poor compared to the other vampire chronicles and i'm glad that i picked this up first because since i find this book soo interesting i can't wait to read the others .
B000001FAU|5.0|There simply is no other effort in rockdom that equals the raw power of Rising.  Blackmore's guitar, Dio's voice, Powell's drums, Carey's keyboards, and Bain's bass provide a texture of music that simply has no equal.  From the opening track to the close of &quot;A light in the black&quot;, intelligent songwriting and powerful musicianship will give you years of enjoyment.  Buy this one and you will *not* be disappointed.
0060926317|5.0|What an amazing story. Even if it is fiction, I  was thoroughly spellbound.  I wonder how many people, not just women, could have survived such an ordeal.  I gave the book to at least 6 different people to read, all told me that they loved it.  I would love to know what has happend to the author since the book was published.
B000000WFF|4.0|Okay, okay, we all know what to expect from the Spice Girls.  Ever since the vinyl-, leopard print-, and lip gloss-clad quintet popped onto our screens and into our ears last January with &quot;Wannabe,&quot; we haven't been able to shake them.  Well, I'd like to take the opportunity to say I don't wanna shake them.  Sure, their style falls somewhere on the depth chart a few notches below the Archies, but come on - it's the Spice Girls!      Now that I've laid the groundwork, I'll get to the matter at hand.  I listen to the Spice Girls for one reason and one reason only - their music, hate it though you may, is catchy.  Capital C, captial a-t-c-h-y.  It's been years since I could listen to a group without caring about their causes, their backstory, the hotel rooms they trashed, etc.  So the existence of &quot;Spice World&quot; represents a refreshingly fun presence in the world of music.      While their debut album, &quot;Spice&quot; offered several individually good singles (e.g. &quot;Say You'll Be There,&quot; &quot;2 Become 1,&quot; etc.), pound for pound, I'd have to enumerate &quot;Spice World&quot; as a better album.  The recently-scaled-down-to-four English group acquits themselves admirably, showing a diversity not suggested by the dance-heavy &quot;Spice.&quot;  The variety of styles on &quot;Spice World&quot; manifests itself in Latin rhythms (&quot;Spice Up Your Life&quot;), Phil Spectorian girl groupishness (&quot;Stop&quot;), sleek R&amp;B (&quot;Too Much&quot;), soul (&quot;Do It&quot;), and of all genres to be represented on a Spice Girls album, swing (&quot;The Lady is a Vamp&quot;).      Granted, even as a devotee, I could have lived without the extended version of &quot;Move Over,&quot; the Girls' Pepsi jingle.  Come on, this album, and the group for that matter, couldn't look more like a commercial concotion if a &quot;That Thing You Do&quot;-era Tom Hanks were visible pulling their strings.  We accept it, so don't rub it in our faces.    But even such corporate flogging can't d! ull the undeniable pop effectiveness of the Girls' sophmore effort.  You don't listen to the Spice Girls for serious art.  You listen to them for the same reason you go to summer movies - you sit back, you put the brain in neutral, and you enjoy. So there you have it - a solid pop album, and the conditions under which you should listen to it.  What more could you really, really want?
B000001ES9|2.0|I should begin this by saying that while I gave this album a 2 star rating, any Rush fan would be quick to say &quot;that's 2 stars compared to other Rush albums, but it'd be at least 3 stars compared to any other band's albums!&quot;  If you want to get into Rush, don't begin chronologically, as this album doesn't even begin to show the greatness and talent that would be so characteristic of them only 3-4 years later.  I can only stomach all the Led-Zepplin-esque guitar riffs and lyrics for so long before I have to hit FF on most of the tracks.  Though John Rutsey's drumming is tight, (and a lot better than he gets credit for, I might add)  he's no Neil Peart, for sure. If you want to hear the best this album has to offer, just buy Chronicles or Retrospective I, as truthfully, I only will listen to Working Man, Finding My Way, and maybe What You're Doing these days.
B000002BVN|5.0|Blood on The Dance Floor-(History in the mix)is what most people don't understand is just a remix album. Magazines, tv, and tabs called it a flop becuase they took it as a REAL MJ album. For a remix album, it is the best selling remix album ever with 4 million copies world wide and 500000 in USA. Michael JAckson simply released it to promote his HIStory tourand that's all. The song Blood on the Dance floor is a very cool song with very scary music. IS It Scary, and Ghost are also very good and they are the soundtracks of his new movie &quot;Ghost&quot;. Morphine is for all the people who loves rock. It's starts by heavy sounds and big bass, then it suddenly become mellow, and then again hard. This album is a Must buy for the people who likes dancing (Check out the History remix), and all who liked HIStory.
B000002BBY|5.0|It's got everything. Loud Rock n' Roll Tunes like Morning Glory, Champagne Supernova, Some Might Say. And also mellower ballads like Wonderwall, Don't Look Back in Anger. This will end up being the best album in your collection. You must buy it! If you're one of those people who won't buy it because you don't like the band members, forget about it! It's a great album and your CD collection is not complete without it!
B0000025RI|5.0|Thriller is the Biggest selling album by a solo performer in life. Michael Jackson has always been a man of records and a man of History. He is listed at least three times in the Guiness Book of Records, and he was called by the People Magazine as the &quot;most famous man in the world&quot;. He might not be too popular, but still famous. Thriller was a combination of pop, rock, and soul. Songs such as Billie Jean, PYT, and Wanna Be Started Something just have the force of making even the dullest person groove! This is a MUST buy for every person who likes to take life happily and ful of dancing.
B000002C25|5.0|Today where alternative rock bands come for a dime a dozen and rap is the only thing you can find on MTV, it is quite a relief to have a band who sound nothing like anything else out today, and nothing like the beatles for that matter, so get over it! This record is amazing in every way. This is the best rock and roll album EVER!
B000002UA0|5.0|Coming on the heels of snappy, non-threatening psychedelic singles like &quot;See Emily Play&quot; and &quot;Arnold Layne,&quot; Pink Floyd's road map really begins here, in the opening seconds of &quot;Astronomy Domine.&quot;  While their only other competitors for creating the First Psychedelic Record might be the Beatles or (my pick) the 13th Floor Elevators, Pink Floyd had the daring to steer away from blues-based rock, and The Piper At The Gates Of Dawn (a reference to Kenneth Grahame's Wind in the Willows) reflects a fascination with free-jazz, English folk, and serious guitar noodling the likes of which really hadn't been tried before in any commercial setting.  This is guitarist/singer's Syd Barrett's masterpiece, from the spy-movie soundtrack of &quot;Lucifer Sam&quot; (check out the 13th Floor Elevators' &quot;Roller Coaster&quot; if you ever doubted that Roky Erickson and Syd Barrett knew of one another, or, at the very least, were on the save wavelength) to the serious freakout of the first spacerock classic, &quot;Interstellar Overdrive.&quot;  From this point on Pink Floyd would mature, master their instruments, and create some great records, but they would never recapture the freshness of the music contained on Piper At The Gates Of Dawn, which represented a real paradigm shift both in how pop music was made and listened to.  One complaint that really has nothing to do with the album:  why doesn't the record company or the band collect this album and all of Pink Floyd's Syd Barret singles together into one package?
0767802659|5.0|This movie is a satire plain and simple.  It has awsome special effects, the characters are excellent, and the plot is very well done.  Its basically exploiting the rediculousness of WWII germany.  I loved it.     END
B0000025DD|5.0|The closest thing to tripping....pre-classic Floydabilia that blues your emotions and spaces your realities. Untouchable gilmour twists, turns and mind fondles by the king of comfortably numbness. If you are a believer and receiver of true Floyd moodism, this is your trip......
B000002GYR|5.0|One of my all-time favorite albums ever.  It's beautiful, it's perfect.
0890090572|5.0|If you're a Holmes fan, this book will make a great addition to your collection:  it reproduces the original illustrations created by Sydney Paget for the stories in Strand Magazine.  (But it's not the &quot;complete&quot; Sherlock Holmes -- some of the stories were published elsewhere.)  Paget was originally a fashion illustrator, hired by mistake for his brother Walter who specialized in adventure stories -- but the Holmes tales brought out the best in Sydney.  While some of the pictures are merely dutiful scene-setting, others are exciting enhancements of the story (cf. the Hound of the Baskervilles!).  In any case, the pictures are a good corrective for the cartoonish Holmes and Watson depicted in dozens of Hollywood epics:  they're a pair of active, well-dressed young men, not the scarecrow and his doddering sidekick.  (The TV series with Jeremy Brett got this right, although it made a botch of some of the plots.)  And I enjoyed the glimpses they give you into the world of Victorian society -- the interiors of elegant living rooms and hansom cabs, ladies' at-home dresses, tea-trays and decanters.  At this price, you can't afford to pass it up!
B000002IZM|5.0|Rachels song will make the hairs on the back of you neck stand up.
0385006896|5.0|I discovered Sherlock Holmes via a couple of short stories in anthologies in the late 1950's, when I was in 7th grade.  These whetted my appetite for more, so I was tickled to discover a copy of this book (in an earlier printing) at the house of a friend.  I wish it had been available as a multi-volume edition -- this one was mighty hard to sneak under the covers for post-bedtime reading by flashlight.  And it's highly unsuited for summertime use:  it'll sink your canoe or cause your hammock to sag to ground level!  Still, it's a good, reasonably priced, solidly bound, and well-printed volume that should be in the library of any lover of classic mystery stories.  <BR>As for the stories themselves, they're not only THE best mysteries in the English language, but fun to read as a picture of life in the Victorian era.  There are some clinkers, and some of the situations and characters are rather absurd (Doyle shares with most of his fellow-countrymen an  ineptitude for writing convincing American English!), but in general I'm still amazed at Doyle's ingenuity and his convincing portrayal of life in many different sectors of society.  This is one of the few favorite books from my childhood that I still enjoy -- not as an exercise in nostalgia but as a Good Read.
0312955006|4.0|Connelly's Concrete Blond is a page turner. I found myself reading the book at stoplights. But as I surfaced and started to ask questions, about halfway through the book, I realized that nothing really new was going on. It didn't stop me from reading the book, I still enjoyed it immensely but I found myself saying, &quot;No, it isn't so and so because I sort of know what's going to happen and there are still a hundred pages left&quot; Similarly I found myself staggered at some little gems of characterization and detail and then scratching my head at the cliched quality of other, very significant details.  Overall a worthy read but I will check his others because If he hasn't written it, he will probably produce one hell of a good one some time soon.
0446364495|1.0|This book made me feel icky all over. There are certain fantasies that it's just smarter to keep private. This is one of them. I'm not sure what made me more uncomfortable, the lovers (argh, what a cliche) or the creeping sensation that it was all a big marketing ploy. Definitely  not for anyone who is looking for something more than a stereotypical romance novel dressed as literature.
B000002NHN|5.0|This record is a sonically gorgeous piece of work, among McKennett's best.  Vocals are haunting, ethereal, and instrumental backdrop perfect in its ability to accent both voice and lyric.  Woven into the texture of this remarkable work are the echoes of mideastern cultures, adding an interesting world music texture to an otherwise celtic work.  Outstanding and durable.  Her concert in Portland, Maine two years ago was absolutely, unconditionally perfect.  Do not miss her!!
B000002MFN|5.0|Madonna opens the cd with the album titled song, &quot;Erotica&quot;.  This is Madonna at her best, creating shock value with her sado-masochistic lyrics coming from the charachter &quot;Dita&quot;.  Dita describes to the man or woman of her &quot;affection&quot; what she can do for them.  On to the next song, Fever.  A beautifully crafted re-make with an added line involving the love of Pocahontas and John Smith.  The third song Bye Bye Baby is letting people know that she will not be hurt again.  It also incorporates a line from Erotica, &quot;I'd like to hurt you&quot;.  Deeper and Deeper the next track is a great dance song, going back to a 90's disco theme.  Where Life Begins is a description of excatly that---using the anology of a evening meal, dining out.  Bad Girl is telling a tale of a sex, tobaco, and alcohol addict who doesn't want to hurt the people she is with.   Theif of Hearts is a tale of how someone stole a womans lover and now she is going to pay.  Rain is the wonderful song that has become a classic and is also included on the Something to Remember compilation album.  Why's It So Hard has kind of a reagae beat and asks why it's so hard to love one another.  This song seems to come from the heart as does the next song, In this Life, written about two of Madonna's friends that have died of AIDS.  The last song Secret Garden is rather haunting, with a spoken lyrics and sung chorus.  All around this is a wonderful album, but be warned, if you are easily offended this is not the cd for you.  If you are a Madonna fan, it's a great add to your collection.
B000002MZ9|5.0|On Mirror Ball, Young continues to prove that he just gets better with time. Songs like &quot;I'm the Ocean&quot; are truly epic. The music rises and falls and the lyrics push you right through those waves. Pearl Jam provides a raw edge, especially Eddie Vedder's contribution to &quot;Peace and Love&quot;. This is a perfect coming together of two generations of music masters.
0375404783|5.0|This book was so easy to read it went by far too quickly! I enjoyed every single page of it!  Bridget Jones is lovable, neurotic, paranoid, charming, indulgent, and utterly fascinating! I'm recommending this book to all my friends and family to read -- it's a perfect summer novel!  Lots of fun!
0517122707|5.0|I have read and reread this book several times and it still makes me laugh out loud each time. I can't understand why this book has not been made into a movie.
B000003TAW|5.0|I saw Weezer a couple of years ago at a concert at UCR, they ruled!  I have been listening ever since....
B0000028VT|5.0|This CD is in my mind one of thee best CD's ever made by her or any other artist.  It sounds soft and truly amazing!!  Anyone who picks this has the best taste Mariah'smusic is so wonderful of course her looks don't hurt either.  This CD is a best by on my list!  &quot;DREAM LOVER&quot;, &quot;HERO&quot; and &quot;ANYTIME YOU NEED A FRIEND&quot; are the best songs on it well besides &quot;MUSCI BOX.&quot;  I think everyone should have a copy of this CD in their CD player!!!!
0679457313|5.0|I loved this book! A true classic for the 90's. For those of you out there who did not enjoy Roy's style-I am sorry that you couldn't get swept up in her story. Her writing is stylized, sophisticated, and poetic-but not pretentious by any means.In fact this is a story for the masses-love, sex, politics, murder, villains and heros. For those of you reading this who haven't read God of Small Things yet definately pick it up today!
B000002UDG|5.0|Say Say Say, what more can I say? Live and let die --  what a song. We need more men singing cute little love songs. Well that's just my manly opinion.  Anyway-- Paul McCartney rocks!
0696019973|5.0|This book gives diagrams for 501 4 inch blocks and a few examples of how to make these into quilts. The 4 inch blocks cover traditional designs such as sawtooth, friendship star  and attic windows, a wide variety of floral designs, sunbonnets, block for each month of the year, holiday themes, hearts, Christmas, Easter, Santas, Halloween, trees and leaves, birds and butterflies, building blocks, ships and planes, stars, baskets, alphabet, numerals, juvenile, cats, sewing and  southwest inspired blocks.Simple instructions are provided. Many blocks lend themselves to foundation piecing.
0440203856|5.0|I have read almost all of the Danielle Steel books and by far this one it the best of the bunch!  I read this when I am feeling sorry for myself and need to have a good cry, as well as a swift kick in the rear.  Zoya's story really makes one remember what is really important in life.  I completly wore my paperback copy out and I really need to get a new hardback as well, they have been read many times, not just by myself, but also any person I can think of to loan it to!!
B000001G1E|5.0|Look no further, THIS is the greatest box set ever produced, and the best of the many JB collections. A peerless retrospective of the most influential American recording and concert artist of all time, covering 4 decades of essential      soul, R&amp;B and funk. Irresistable.
006017322X|5.0|I read To Kill A Mockingbird for the first time in the sixth grade, and I've read it many times since then.  I majored in English in college, and there has yet to be a book that touched me in the way that this one has.  As many times as I've read it, I get something new from it every time.  It is a beautiful story of childhood innocence, and the prejudice and racism that corrupts that innocence.  There are also quite a few humorous parts.  If I could only read one book for the rest of my life, this would be the one!
B000002HMH|5.0|Though they've endured fierce critisism for this album, it's all come from the wrong people and based on the wrong things. That music periodicals consistanly labeled this album as &quot;Metallica's foray into alternative&quot; it is not - and any reviewer that is of that opinion should have their credentials revoked. Ain't my bitch and 2x4 are rough, swaggering bluesy tracks that are a welcome change of pace from simple speed-metal tracks. King Nothing stomps heavily and is reminiscent of the &quot;Justice&quot; days, especially with the &quot;Blackened-esque&quot; opening. Songs like &quot;Mama Said&quot; and &quot;Hero of the Day&quot; highlight James Hetfield's highly-commendable improved vocal range  and ability. <br />The eerily catchy rythems and melodies in songs like &quot;Waste my Hate&quot; and &quot;Ronnie&quot; make for addictive listening.<br />All in all a welcome addition to anyone's music collection, and a must-have for all true Metallica fans who can overlook the media hype to see the true musical value.
B000002J09|5.0|With Stairway to heaven being the best song ever, it is no wonder that this is one of the greatese cds you can buy.  No matter what kind of music you listen, this is truly art.
B000002J03|5.0|No collection is complete with out this one.
B000006OAM|5.0|In my opinion, this in Natalie's best CD yet!  I bought it the first week it was out and have played it constantly since.  It's great!
B000000WFF|5.0|My 7 yr old daughter adores (of course) the Spice Girls.  I was really expecting a horrible blend of music.  I was pleasantly surprised to find it was very easy to listen to.  My sister bought my daughter the second album and she was surprised. She said this isnt so bad.  Thats from two &quot;old&quot; (40 something) ladies.
B000002HRE|5.0|Unforgiven II beats the original unforgiven by a mile.  This metallica at its best, with all the key solos, sliding power chords and awesome lyrics you look for!
B000006NPY|3.0|Not necessarily one of their best but definately on key.  The magic is still there.  Billy pushes his limit to the max on the slower songs which demands a greater respect for the music.  Isn't that what it's all about, anyway?  A must-have, to add to the collection.
B000002U82|5.0|I think too many people get turned off of listening to Pink Floyd, because they identify it as stoner music.  Dark Side is so incredible, it can be enjoyed with or without drugs.  Everyone should be forced to buy this CD and should have to memorize all of the lyrics to graduate from high school. ps--I tried that Wizard of Oz thing, and its all a big hoax.
B00000612G|5.0|Finally not a guitar masturbation recording of one of the finest guitarplayers in the world. His lead guitar play with rock and roll band BJ has made his star rising but with his new found happiness, love and baby he is going to make a mark with this out standing record. SOngs as all that really matters, who I am, Undiscovered soul, hard times and if god was a woman  make this record worth while to listen to. Many fans forget that he was a lead singer in every band he participated in before BJ.
0670880728|2.0|I, unfortunately, can't stand Cathy.  And although I found Bridget to be enjoyable and frequently funny, I don't like her too much either.  There's nothing wrong with wanting love in your life, but this seems to be Bridget's entire focus.  Maybe I am not a &quot;normal&quot; woman, but I can't believe women really find this obsession with food, looks and men something to admire/enjoy/identify with.  I enjoyed the style and the funny situations presented, and I realize that Bridget is Bridget and it's not her job to represent all women, but I don't think simply finding a man is going to help her much at all.  I would have liked her to come to some level of happiness/realization without needing a man.  I really didn't like the ending, and the fact that it was obvious from the beginning didn't help.<br />A final thought:  Ally McBeal is funny, smart, has a good career and good friends, and every week struggles to find herself and her place in the world.  OK, she's neurotic at times and she too would really like a man in her life, but I dare say her diary would be filled with all sorts of interesting things.  <br />Both Ally and Bridget are probably not the healthiest examples of women in the 90's, but if I had to pick one to be my best friend, I'd pick Ally hands down.
B000002L68|5.0|This recording was produced, arranged, composed, &amp; performed by Prince &amp; the Revolution, yet Prince usually does it all himself.  In my opinion, the man's musical talent/genius will never be matched.  Anyone who really appreciates true excellence should own this album.
B000002C4J|5.0|This is an excellent CD. You can tell that Celine Dion puts a lot of feeling in her songs. It also has a lot of good songs, besides &quot; My Heart Will go On&quot; I would definatly recommend this CD.
B0000027RL|5.0|I have been a loyal Pearl Jam fan for 8 years now and I still listen to album all of the time. It's PJ's best release.
0552137030|5.0|I've always been a fan of unusual books, and this one is, Hands Down, THE weirdest book I've read to date! I just wish they would make a movie out of it. The two protagonists(Crowly&amp;Aziraphale;Crowly is the former serpent from the garden of Eden, Aziraphale is the guardian of the gate) make an extremely hilarious pair, even though the whole basis of the book is Apocalyptic.    You know those rare books that come along, the ones that you just can't get the scenes out of your head and you HAVE to go and read certain parts OVER &amp; OVER, This is one of those books. <br />       The humor is scattered throughout the book, and occasionally it's hard to get if you don't go back and re-read parts. My mom just read the first chapter and liked it. I just hope that those few people who think a sequel is possible are right...<br />                          Yet Again, KarliBear &amp;                                Baby Godzilla
B000002BHE|5.0|Celine is the best, and this CD proves it.  I love this CD so much!!!!!!!
0060977493|5.0|Arundhati Roy is amazing and this her debut I just can't wait for her next book to be out.  She describes the characters so well....you feel that you are there and watching the whole story unfold in front of you. <br />A DEFINITE HAVE...if you have read it...read it again and again.
0880389052|5.0|I've barely completed reading Homeland and have already started on Salvatore's next Dark Elf book, Exile.  The series has captivated me and it lets me express my opinion to myself in another way.  I've always felt &quot;Elf-like&quot; :) to myself, and this is like studying a whole unique culture that is unknown to anyone!  Many authours and write about a culture, or write a story within a current culture, some even can create a type of culture, but few can do what R. A. Salvatore did with Drizzt Do'urden and his kin.  Salvatore desinged an entire culture, complete with diety, Lloth, religeon, Station, setting, Underdark, and MUCH more!  In addition to creating this culture, he did much more by writing a completly wonderful story to go with it!  Drizzt can relate to many feelings, the most of which I  have felt myself.  I feel trapped in my life at times, like I don't truly belong with my family, and Drizzt feels the same, but unlike me, he DOES somwthing about it.  Drizzt is like a hero to me, and I admire him in many ways! -An Elven Artist
B0000025WQ|4.0|Why this record didn't lead to megastar status for Cyndi is still beyond me. It has the musical freshness and quirky charisma (not to mention a whole passle of good tunes) which should have sent Lauper to pop heaven with that other breakout female singer (can't remember her name, something Catholic) in 1984. But it didn't. Still, after nearly 15 years, returning to this CD is an unmitigated delight: the infectious joy of &quot;Girls Just Wanna Have Fun&quot; still communicates, as does the wholesale delicacy and pathos of &quot;Time After Time&quot; and &quot;All Throught the Night.&quot; Best yet, Cyndi could really sing--check out the sustained notes she hits at the end of &quot;Money Changes Everything.&quot; I think people got caught up in Lauper's rainbow-haired look and forgot to listen as closely as they should have. (Note: the original CD transfer isn't all that good, hence the one star deduction--Columbia/SONY needs to reissue it. But if you don't mind highlights, the &quot;12 Deadly Cyns&quot; CD contains some well mastered versions of a number of &quot;Unusual's&quot; hits.) Cyndi, in a Material World, you're still so unusual, thank God!
B000002BUY|5.0|IT'S ABOUT TIME!!! S.C.I.E.N.C.E. is a work of pure audio fusion. Keeps ya movin' with power and canyon-deep grooves. If you like Faith No More, Rage Against The Machine or anything else with a funk-core flair, get this CD!! Even if you don't get it anyway!
0385484518|5.0|So often we have to made aware of our own mortality in order to enjoy life to its fullest.  Through his relationship with Morrie Schwarz, Mitch Albom discovers this fact.  The character of Morrie which is so incredibly etched by Mr. Albom is one that I shall long remember.  As a college professor, it is so affirming to realize that a fellow instructor can have such a positive and lasting impact on his students.  Thank you, Morrie, for a wonderful lesson in life, death, and above all, love, and thank you, Mitch Albom for bringing allowing us to meet this unforgettable character.
B000002MIF|5.0|If you are a fan of The Smiths or Morrissey, you *have* to add &quot;Hatful of Hollow&quot; to your collection.  When this was first released on vinyl (&quot;way back when&quot;), I was lucky to stumble across it while browsing through some little record store on Broadway (here in Seattle, not New York).  Out of all the Smiths fans I knew, I was the only one who had it and it was very hard to find.  I don't value it only for that reason, I like it because of the sheer quality of the music, lyrics &amp; Morrissey's singing.  I am not one of the people who got into Morrissey as a solo artist because I so loved the work he and Johnny Marr (The Smiths' uber-talented guitarist) did together...   I can't listen to Morrissey solo without wishing The Smiths were still together...
0440203856|3.0|It took me so long to read this book, the beginning was so slow to get going and the book didn't really get going until halfway through.  I have read many Danielle Steel books and this is by far my least favorite.  It took me at least 3 weeks to read it, and not because I had anything better to do, it just didn't hold my interest like her other works.
0517702967|5.0|You can not stop reading this book, as you start the topic matains you awake on something that does not fit, the A. Hitchcot style.  It is one of the best books I have read in the last year besides Emotional Intelligence by Coleman.
B0000057C5|5.0|For those fans of the Ministry that is no more, Rammstein should be an easy transition.  The guitar riffs and edgy bass are just simply astonishing.  The lyrics may all be in german, but for those die hard fans of the music, it shouldn't matter.  I can't stop playing this CD.  I was hooked ever since the Lost Highway soundtrack.  The lead singer's deep baritone voice really amplifies the dark and powerful rythyms in each song.  This is a MUST buy.
0201633612|4.0|The authors define design patterns as: descriptions of communicating objects and classes that are customised to solve a general design problem in a particular context. A design pattern names, abstracts, and identifies the key aspects of a common design structure that make it useful for creating a reusable object-oriented design. The design pattern identifies the participating classes and instances, their roles and collaborations, and the distribution of responsibilities. Easy to wrap your mind around, eh? Design Pattern people are in love with the power of abstraction and generality. You might even say they prefer to impress rather than inform. However, somehow you are going to have to learn this stuff, even if only to get into the heads of the guys who designed the AWT. Try starting with the code samples in the Design Patterns book. You have to read this book at least twice before it begins to make any sense.  However, if you want to call yourself a programmer you MUST understand this book. I hope somebody writes a version of this book for Java programmers.  It is written from the perspective of C++ and Smalltalk. This is a book where the you want the hardcover version.  You go back to it again and again.
B000002N2Z|5.0|Deftones are one of the best bands around lately. This CD has some awesome tracks that change direction on you when you least expect it.  One moment it is soft and melodic, the next, it is screaming and pounding your ears with a brutal assault that is well put together.  These guys have some real talent that you don't see with a lot of musicians now-adays.
006109594X|3.0|Although the author punctuates his story with a few paragraphs of action and suspense, for the most part the book begs to be put down.  I found that I really looked forward to the book ending, and became upset when I found that the main character still had alot to do before his mission was complete.  The ending was dissappointing and obvious.  The book is not really worth the paper its printed on..
0345350499|4.0|I'm eleven years old, and probably blind to this book, but I think some people have been too picky. I think it's very well-written in it's own way, and it's gratifying and refreshing to have a dose of females actually &lt;b&gt;doing&lt;/b&gt; something.  I think, however, that Mrs. Bradley could have done a better job introducing Lancelet and Gwenhwyfar.  I always like the thought that Gwenhwyfar would be a bit more understanding, instead of being so blind and pious as the author describes her.  Lancelet is simply annoying to me, for some reason, and Morgause actually seems a realistic character with realistic faults.  i like Morgaine very much, though, but most of that is only through a sense of pity.  Though she was torn apart when Viviane used her, she used Nimue in much the same way.  I don't want to critisize, and I think this is a good way of making the characters mortal.  Good job, Marion, but the mystery of the book can drag the reader down and make all the character's beliefs a bit overwhelming.  Still, it's great to see an Authorian legend book have so much depth.  Anopther thing that people were complainig about was historical following.  That's a hard way to critisize the book, becasue we know precious little about Celtic mythology and history, and this book, I think, was meant for the reader's pleasure trather than for the historian's desperacy for historical accuracy.  So pick this book up and read it.  I don't really sufggest it for other 11-year-olds (I'm an advanced reader), and it has some mature content, but forget all that and look to the good part.  Pick this book up today!  : )
0670880728|5.0|Bridget may be neurotic and obsessive, but she jumps into the head of every smug singleton and reports exactly what is going on there.  It is a cleverly written book which is a must read for any woman in her twenties, thirties, or older and any man who loves, likes, lives, or works with women.
0671004107|5.0|This a was a spellbinding book! The chapter that portrayed Arroway's meeting with the TV Evangilists was a tremendous piece of literature. It was up there with Bertold Brecht's Life of Gallileo.  The movie was a dissapointing because of the ommission of this scene.
B0000057C5|5.0|I bought this CD after listening to just one song but every song on this CD is worth buying the CD for. Its fresh, new and has this aura of power all around every song. It makes for some great work out music and makes a long drive actually fun. You will not be disappointed. I've had enough of rappers lifting old tunes, guitar music is back to stay and Rammstein rocks with the best of 'em.
B000002BQK|5.0|Mariah Carey is such a good singer. She has such a pretty voice. I loved the songs: &quot;Breakdown&quot;, &quot;Buterfly&quot;, &quot;Honey&quot;, and &quot;My All&quot;. I just wanted to say she did a great job.
6303443214|5.0|&quot;Interview With The Vampire&quot; the book was brilliant, the movie was too. With an all  star cast, with Tom Curse (Lesat), Brad Pitt (Louis), Christian Slater (Reporter),  Antonio Banderas (Armand), Kristen Dunst (Claudia), and Stephen Rea (Santino) you  can't help but fall in love with the tale as you are taken from New Orleans with Louis  and Lesat, then across Europe to Paris with Claudia and Louis and meet the vampires of  Paris in &quot;The Theatre Des Vampires&quot;.  The talented thespian's take the magic from Anne  Rice's book and turn it into an hour and a half's delight. Read the book then see the film, absolutely worth it.     END
0930289234|5.0|WATCHMEN first began appearing about the time I finally quit buying new comic books, and for everyone who's left the immaturity and psychoticness and derivativeness behind, as I did, WATCHMEN still remains as a stellar example of what the medium can achieve in the hands of gifted storytellers. It's less a comic than an illustrated morality tale, rich in  subplots and allegory and symbolism and evocative illustrations and  beautiful twists of language and amazingly delicate characterizations.  This multi-faceted gem of a tale, speculating about a world gone mad and of the &quot;little men in masks, trying to hold it together&quot; resonates on so many levels of meaning and significance that it still captivates after many years and many readings.  Placing it under the juvenile &quot;comic book&quot; or overly-pretentious &quot;graphic novel&quot; header does it a grave disservice.  WATCHMEN is unique.  Enjoy it merely as a superbly woven thriller, or marvel at the hidden mysteries that are revealed to those with the vision to behold them.
B000002BYD|5.0|If you are a Pearl Jam fan, this CD will give you 100% satisfaction. If you do not know much about this group, let me tell you that, in my opinion is the best one in the decade.
B000000OEI|5.0|It's slow and relaxing, yet powerful. I listen to this when I'm drawing, reading, writing, relaxing, sleeping...it even helps to hear this when I'm mad. Well worth the money.
0345350499|5.0|King Arthur legend from the womans point of view. I was spellbound from the start and couldn't put it down. I read the last 1/3 of the book in one night/morning.
B000005ZFN|5.0|I remember when this album first came out and I was totally blown away.  Immediatly following Thick as a Brick, I was suprised that he could top it.  Heavily critized by critics, Ian dropped this  from his memoirs of colages and it saddened me.  If you have enjoyed Jethro Tull and haven't heard A Passion Play, you haven't listened to the pinacle of his success.  Don't wait until they pass away.
B000002HD5|4.0|afghan whigs' sound is overwhelming heartbreaking rawrawraw... coarse beauty
B000003NA4|5.0|It's all here. Take all the best qualities of every great female singer you have ever known and put them all together. Diana Krall is even better than that. Just the right amount of breathiness with an outstanding clarity and a distinctive catchiness makes her voice easy to listen to, over and over. Her piano licks are marvelous too. In fact, I wouldn't mind having her do an all piano album. And it doesn't stop there. The album cover has several pictures of her that make me think Diana could hold her own with the supermodels. For goodness sakes, buy this CD.
B000000FG8|5.0|This disk culminates the recording career of a band too young to know what a good thing they had.  The beats and skanking guitar can't be rivaled by any band.  Bay Area Punk/Ska is defined by this band.  All other bands are compared to this one.<br />Their message has the purity of old school Punk.  The sound is raw.  A lot of times, I think the Clash's London Calling should have sounded like this.  The songs have a jagged hooks.  They cling to your soul.<br />&quot;Sound System&quot; is a classic.  the indie station has had it in its rotation for years.  Mayhem erupts with every song, lasts maybe 2 minutes.  Then the best part.  2 more minute of mayhem.  27 of them. And a one of them is a great cover of the old Nancy Sinatra song, &quot;These boot are made for Walking.&quot;<br />The drumming is fast. The bass lines are right where they ought to be.  Lint (aka Rancid's Tim Armstrong) plays wonder phased out guitar notes.  Somewhat reminiscent of the Kinks.  Whether a Ska song or Punk, Lint doesn't fail.<br />The vocals are almost hoarse at times.  The passion shows. Each note sung is not labored, each is more of an internal struggle of Jesse's and Lint's voices to just reach out to one more listener.<br />The first time I heard this album, I was amazed.  I was getting a ride from this girl I worked with.  I asked who she had on her tape player.  She said, &quot;Operation Ivy.  It's happy music.&quot; I just smiled back at her.  I was, happy.
0385486804|5.0|This book wasn't just a regular book to me. An intelligent kid from VA burns his money, leaves his car and goes. I think it is very inspiring and amazing that someone is able to live in that way.  I cried many times while reading Into the Wild because of the joy and pain McCandless endured. I wish I could be like Chris McCandless and get up and go.  However, I wish he had lived to share with more people his exact thoughts throughout the trip.
B000002BMD|5.0|The most awe-inspiring album to come out since the glory days of The Stone Roses.  Lyrics, music, this album encompasses all. Can't wait for their next album!
B00000255X|5.0|The blending of Dylan's voice with the background vocals of Emmylou Harris along with Rivera on violin create a feel that is exotic and downhome at the same time.
0449002632|4.0|...in London?  Even if you are just planning your first journey to London, this book will bring home the magnitude of history which is buried under the cobbles.<br />A must read for students travelling abroad - a good carry-on/time waster on the Eurorail - very hard to put down.<br />I highly recommend this book to lovers of historical-fiction and travel.
B0000025D0|5.0|I STRONGLY disagree with reviewers who claimed that this was &quot;not a great album&quot;.  They are missing the point:  this IS a great ALBUM, a cohesive artistic vision.  Springsteen is a masterful storyteller and, like Dylan, creates a portrait of a world and invites us to visit.  Springsteen's range on this album is incredible, from hard rock songs such as &quot;Prove It All Night&quot; and &quot;The Promised Land&quot; to the haunting ballads that are the best songs on the album:  &quot;Something in the Night&quot;, &quot;Racing in the Streets&quot;, &amp; the title track.  What is fascinating about Springsteen is that he has defied commercial demands (for the most part) and has been rewarded with huge commercial success.  His body of work has a single vision of a hollowed-out America populated by rootless searchers.  The car, as in almost all his albums, serves as metaphor for the aimlessness of his characters.  This album is a masterpiece!
0897500482|5.0|Bruce Lee indeed was a master of the martial arts and this wonderful display of his thoughts, philosophies and variation/techniques on this subject matter engages the reader and gives guiding thoughts on how he fought and how one can utilize different aspects of martial arts to fit one's self.  A must-read for martial arts and especially Bruce Lee fans.  I myself am a great fan of Bruce Lee and am very, no, extremely pleased with this work.  It's different from those books that try to teach you.  The thing wrong with those books is one can't ask them questions, and to learn the martial arts one needs an instructor. Tao of Jeet Kune Do is an extraordinary alternative to the latter and a wonderful pleasure to read.
0446364495|3.0|Little &quot;literary&quot; value in this book, but great one in terms of human feelings. It is all simple and this is it. All really true things are simple: the two characters, the opportunity, the story, the conclusion. How many of us realy remember that perfect things, in life as in art are simple, unbelievable simple? Those very few of us who do remember will find an old friend in this book.
B000005DQR|5.0|Buy It Now!!!! - This CD will change your outlook on music, life, just a few of the things that are important....... Forget jazz, ambient, hip-hop, trip-hop etc. This is THE man.
B00000099Y|5.0|as a huge tool fan, be aware of some bias here, but i read the previous reviews and feel more should be said. first off, allow me to say confidently that danny carey is the best rock drummer today, hands down. if you're a drummer, buy this now and spend the next few years learning his parts, you won't regret it, it will take your playing to a new level. it did for me. now...this is not an album composed of songs, songs composed of lyrics and intruments, but a work of art. never have i heard any band relay as many ideas from as many sources on such a macrocosmic level. from jungian theory to the chakra to phychedelia to bill hicks (the late comedic genius sampled on the final track), this band forces you to think. it is unfortunate that so many people fail to recognize the implicit beauty of this work. i myself have learned so much from drawing from the sources used to create this work. Quite possibly, this may be among the top 5 conceptual &quot;albums&quot; of all time.
B000002BFZ|5.0|'In my tree' is a true gem amongst the costume jewlery the rest of the rock world displays. The entire album is of true value.
0441003257|5.0|When I first began to read this book, I had no idea that by the end I would have laughed more reading it than I had during the past year. A creative and unusual twist on the end of the world, I liked the lack of polarities in the book that many writers slip into when contrasting good and evil.
B0000069NM|5.0|IT IS A TASTFUL COMBINATION OF THE SKILLS OF BOTH SCOFIELD AND MMW.  IF YOU ENJOY MMW BUT DO NOT LIKE THE TANGENTS THEY GO ONTO THEN THIS ALBUM IS FOR YOU.  IT HAS A GREAT SOUND AND IS SOLID THROUGHOUT.  IT IS A MUST HAVE FOR ANY ROMANTIC ENCOUNTER.  TRUST ME, YOU WILL LOVE IT.
B000002GBD|5.0|You must get it  but  get  remaster import  Sound is incredible !  First time I heard this album in 1975   in Europe  and believe me its still   real hard rock classic !
0553328255|5.0|This is a great idea.  You have all of Sherlock Holmes at your fingertips, no searching aimlessly in a dimly-lit shop for the non-exsistent stories. You can skip and skim and get totally invovled in the stories for as long as you need, and, the selling point for me...........it's virtually INEXPENSIVE!!!  I love Christie and Doyle and to me, this was a godsend.  One quick order and I have it all.  Not, however, like Christie...<br />Back to signing away my life -- and all for a complete set of Christie.  If only everything could be as easy as Holmes.
B000005RQT|5.0|Incredible !   Album contain studio conversations between recordings plus  its  digital remaster ! you also getting  single hit  Black night ..... some tracks  recorded in two versions... One of the best hard rock album ever !
0441003257|5.0|Definitely up on par with the Hitchhiker's Guide series.  I've read them all and though Good Omens isn't sci-fi, the cheery way in which the subject of the Apocalypse is handled defies adequate description.  Crowley and Azirapheles *make* this book.  I great gift, too; I've given it to 4 friends and they've all *loved* it.  I don't go agog over books too easily, but this one holds a treasured spot on my bookshelf.
B000001ZSF|5.0|This is one of Jean Michel Jarre's finest albums.
B000002UAU|3.0|As history, Sgt. Pepper merits 5 stars.  As pure music, I don't agree it's as important.  The songs are silly (&quot;Lovely Rita&quot;, &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot;) or hopelessly retro (&quot;When I'm 64&quot;, &quot;Mr. Kite&quot;) and only occasionally deep (&quot;A Day in the Life&quot;).  Granted, it got people think differently about how to make albums.  But the punk revolution reversed most of the so-called advancements (and brought back 50's style production).  The album is not that much fun to listen to.  I'd argue the White Album is a better Sgt. Pepper because its songs are so much better.
0812550706|5.0|Card delivers a magnificent work for any person who ever looked at the stars.  Card manages to get inside Ender's mind, and the reader can imagine him- or herself in his positions.  Anyone who likes drama, strategic warfare, or politics must read this book.  Card is a master of the unknown and anything that humanity has dared to dream.
B000002HEM|5.0|I was a Natalie Merchant fan after Tigerlily, and now have gone back to see some of her earlier work, with 10000 Maniacs. This was the first CD I got and it's beautiful. Every song is a jewel unto itself and Merchant's soaring vocals highlight the beautiful melodies, many of which she wrote or cowrote. Buy it! Now! Run!
B000002ADT|5.0|The finest CD in my large collection, and probably the best music, any genre, I have ever heard.  No joke, no exaggeration.  Simply the best.
0670880728|5.0|I loved Bridget!  Although I am  a  relatively new Smug Married, I could still relate to many things she wrote about!  I was actually a bit sad when I finished it!  I can't wait for the sequel to find out what happens to Bridget, Mark Darcy, Sharon, Tom and the rest of the bunch!  For the critics that have been busy panning it as &quot;utilizing every stereotype of women&quot; and &quot;bringing the death of feminism&quot;- ease up!  It is a fun book and a lot of laughs!
B000002URV|5.0|I have played this for many lovers and they have all since bought their own copy. I am also an exotic dancer and use many selections for my sets on stage.
0553455311|5.0|I'm not going to give any of the plot away.  I have read this book five times.  Once when I was in elementary school, three times to my son when he was much younger, and recently to my wife.  Each time I have found this book funnier, more emotionally powerful, and more full of fundamental &quot;truths&quot; about what is truly important about living.<br />E.B. White's writing style and use of English is masterful.  To accomplish so much in a &quot;children's&quot; novel is nothing short of astonishing.  Many fundamental themes of life are touched upon, but the most compelling, emotionally powerful, and moving is the friendship that develops between the two main protagonists.<br />If you are emotionally sensative, be well prepared with a box of tissues.  I thought I might be alone in how deeply moving I find this book.  Then one day I heard that the author, E.B. White, had worked on making a recording of his book.  There is a section in this book that he attempted several times to read, but each time would become overwhelmed with emotion and couldn't continue.  For a while there was a concern that the project could not be completed, that he would be unable to read this passage.  Finally, on the 17th attempt he made it through.  Just thinking about this part of the book has brought me to tears.<br />Charlotte's Web is my favorite book of all time.  I have read many great novels and children's books.  None are more satisfying.  I give this book my highest recommendation.  Please read it!
0316921173|5.0|I already own a well-worn copy of this book, but I wanted to write a review because even though I read it over a year ago, I still think about it often, and my boyfriend (who was skeptical at first but later read it - TWICE!) and I still make references to it in conversation.  What still amazes me about this book is the combination of sprawling scope with perfect details.  Read this book and pay attention to the way in which the characters' slang evolves from the fictitious historical events of their past (for those of you who've read it, I'm thinking of things like the way &quot;de-mapping&quot; is used as slang for killing).  For those who've complained that they &quot;don't get it&quot;, I'd encourage you to try again...for the person who wondered about what happens to Don, I suggest re-reading the opening section.  It doesn't solve the mystery totally, but it gives you a hint.  Give this book a shot...it's well worth the challenge and the length.
0345409671|1.0|Sweet Jesus!  This is Anne Rice's worst novel ever.  It is a plotless rambling ego trip for one of my favorite authors.  I've read most of her books (published under her own name) and the only other book that was this bad was tale of the body thief.  I loved the first three vampire novels, The Mummy, and The Witching hour.  If you are looking for a fascinating story read those.  If you want to read an occasionally interesting, but basically plotless work of heretical judeo-christian theology, read this.
0156528207|5.0|if you have read this book en anglais only i highly  reccommend reading it en francais as well.  i believe that in this experience you will find not only the beauty of idea and thought, but the complete experience of &quot;Le Petit Prince&quot;.  By experiencing this book in its original language you will gain new insights,truisms and questions; you will hear the music, the phrases, the pauses; all these will intertwine making your experience of &quot;Le Petit Prince&quot; en francais pluss magnifique!
B000000WA4|5.0|I have listened to this album so many times I could play every note and sing every word to perfection on command... I love it. =]  Deffinately one of my favorite albums of all time. Its given me alot of solice when needed, and even some inspiration for my own musical endevors.
B000002NHN|5.0|This is music for the heart and soul; it pulls you in and takes you away.  Push back the recliner, close your eyes, and gratefully absorb Loreena's compelling compositions and lyrics.  The Mummers' Dance, Skellig, Marco Polo, Night Ride Across the Caucasus, and Dante's Prayer are simply beautiful.  Add this CD to two of her earlier works, The Visit and The Mask and Mirror, you'll have over two and a half hours of enchanting tales.  Loreena has a unique and interesting voice which ranges from the clear and powerful of her operatic training to the softest Irish lilt, and she uses all of it to perfectly match the mood of the story she is telling.  The imagery is easy -  Medieval fantasy.  The only way I can think of to top this is to have Loreena do the music for a movie based on Katherine Kurtz books of Medieval chivalry, romance and magic such as her trilogies:  The Chronicles of the Deryni and The Histories of King Kelson.
0060392584|4.0|The Long Hard Road Out Of Hell, Marilyn Manson's tell-all autobiography, is 288 pages of well written, incredibly intriguing, and none the less, contraversial brilliance. It provides a window to look through to see the childhood and current life of America's latest Antichrist.  Each word draws you in more and more like some sort of morbid faerie-tale. But to the avid fan however, it does not tell you much more than what you may already know. (Aside from Manson as a kid, urinating on Santa Claus) But even the know it all fans can enjoy The Long Hard Road as Manson speaks his mind (more indepth than in ANY interview) about the Christian protestors, his family, and his band.  The book's highlights are the phony affadavits, the rumors page (finally, we can know for sure than Manson WAS NOT Paul on &quot;The Wonder Years&quot;!!!) And of couse, Manson's detailed, and seemingly endless chapter that talks about his first acid trip.  All in All its a VERY good book. I give it four stars. It loses one star because I believed that it should have contained more of his inner thougths and plans. Perhaps so we can better understand this misunderstood of creatures.  And in closing of his book he stated (beautifully) &quot;I can already see that America, nothing Records, our friends, and the media, have all percieved this to be the height of our career. Unfortunatley for them, it's just the beginning.&quot;
B000002AHC|5.0|In the depths of what was an increasingly tense relationship between the Byrds created this masterpiece.  Every band seems to have its own Sargent Pepper or Pet Sounds.  This was the Byrds contribution to the psychadelic era.  While the Beach Boys brought the surf to the psychadelic era and the Beatles brought classical string instruments with electronic gadetry, the Byrds brought pedal steel guitars, compression, and phase shifters.  It is an album to listen to while driving down a country road as its country influence is unmistakeable.<br />1. Artificial Energy The Byrds did not hide their experimentation with drug use unlike the Beatles (aka Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds.)  This song blasts the effects of coming down off of amphetamines.  It is a brutally honest look at drug use both during and after.  Blaring horns and tinny sound mixed with phase shifting effects produced a sound experience unlike any other in 1967 on this uncomfortable song.<br />2. Goin' Back The vocalist mourns the loss of childhood as a man trys to recapture his boyhood.  The pedal steel guitar is at its best here.  The song is a slow meandering excursion.  It is a well polished tidy song complete with chimes.<br />3. Natural Harmony Roger McGuinn shows that his experimentation with subtle phase shifting and finger picking can enhance a song without overwhelming. <br />4. Draft Morning This is one of the many political statments on war during the 1960's.  Its floating feel created by light fingerpicking and rythmic bass help the vocalist to examine the horror in the eyes of a youth who has just given in to the fact that he will have to kill and maybe even be killed in a war fighting someone he not only does not know.  At the end of the song you hear a guitar playing Tapps.<br />5. Wasn't Born To Follow This song was popularized by the movie &quot;Easy Rider&quot; with Peter Fonda and Dennis Hopper.  There is a scene around sundown where they ride their choppers down the highway through theforest leaves which, &quot; break the light in co! lors that noone knows the names of.&quot;  The Byrds gets the most out of their pedal steel guitar and phase shifter on this song which is the best on the album.  It was also the second of two Goffin/ King songs on the album (Goin' Back being the other.)  <br />6. Get To You More pedal steel guitar with overlaced strings and vocal meanderings.  This is a lighthearted song about flying to London to meet someone not seen in 20 years.<br />7. Change Is Now A catchy guitar riff intros this song which is repeated occasionally throughout.  A tinny never-ceasing bass provides an airy backdrop to this song.  A pedal steel guitar crops up occasionally to let one know the song has country influences. <br />8. Old John Robertson This song contains lots of quick finger picking and a steady fast drum beat which brings one back to the gound for just a moment.  It is the story of a loner, John Robertson, who wore a Stetson Hat.  <br />9. Tribal Gathering This song is an excursion into stream of consciousness, again with an airy quality.  The song fits together neatly and is broken up only by an occasional screeching guitar.<br />10. Dolphin's Smile One of the first songs of the sea written by the Byrds (both Roger McGuinn and David Crosby would write again of the sea) this song traces the general high spirited tone of the album.  There are effects which sound like dolphins tastefully included at the beginning of the song. <br />11. Space Odyssey This is probably the most dissappointing song on the original album.  It does not seem to fit.  Its abrasive feel ruins the album concept.  It does give the feel of an alien presence caused by synthesized sounds and a hint of overdistorted guitar.  It is a disturbing vision of the mysteries of outer space.  It is also strongly related to 2001 a Space Odessy.<br />Bonus tracks... 12. Moog Raga (Intrumental) Moog Raga fails to evoke any feeling except, &quot;the Moog synthesizer can be stretched past its limits.&quot; The experiment although interesting is not an example of pleasing music. <br />13. Bound!  To Fall (Intrumental) An interesting departure from the light fluffy quality of the &quot;mother&quot; tracks.  This track pounds interesting guitar riffs into a pleasing businesslike ditty.  It actually sounds like it belongs on &quot;Younger than Yesterday&quot; which pre-dated &quot;The Notorious Byrd Brothers&quot;  <br />14. Triad In the summer of love everything was game.  This David Crosby track includes dark sexual references used less for mind expansion than alterior motives.  David seems to ask &quot;do these lifestyles really belong in the closet?&quot;  It is an attempt to convince a second love to form a &quot;Triad&quot; with another.  The simplistic backgound instrumentation is beautiful even if the message is disturbing.  <br />15. Goin' Back (Version One) This early version of Goin' Back is not as light as the track that made it into the original album.  It is also not quite as polished as there are no background vocals.  It is a nice look into the evolution of the song.<br />16. Draft Morning (Alternative Take) This is basically the same song as the original with the exception that it does not fade when Tapps begins at the end of the song.<br />17. Universal Mind Decoder (Instrumental) This is one of the early incarnations of &quot;Change is Now&quot; before a very attractive high bass range guitar was added by Clarence White which added to the song by breaking the Roger's mind decoding guitar picking.<br />18.  A comercial from Gary Usher backed by &quot;Goin' Back&quot;<br />19.  Dolphins Smile The breakup of a band is never pretty and the breakup of the original Byrds was no exception.  David Crosby began working on this album but would not finish.  He can be heard arguing with drummer Michale Clarke as the song began to evolve.  In this light the song reminds one of the Beatles &quot;Let it Be&quot; motion picture which documented their breakup.  While the Byrds would not officially breakup, it would be the beginning of their evolution into country rock and only McGuinn would remain after the next alb! um &quot;Sweetheart of the Rodeo.
B000006OAM|5.0|I couldn't wait to listen to it again.  Natalie Merchant delivers another winner again!
0553275569|5.0|I think you only have 2 reviews because there is no question about this book - never having read this is like never being introduced to Dr. Seuss as either a child or a parent.
B000002U82|5.0|Dark Side holds the record for remaining on the top 100 Billboard list for over 15 years.  The secret to music of Pink Floyd is the universal and flexible concepts of the music itself.  Dark Side is still just as relevent and meaningful as the day it was produced, some 20 years later.  Songs like &quot;Money&quot;, &quot;Time&quot; and &quot;Us and Them&quot; will never become outdated so long as the problems of money, time and war continue in this world.  The day that Floyd music becomes obsolete is the day when I'll be glad to give it up for a better world.  It's this overall concept of the problems and  state of humanity that makes the lyrics  of Floyd so enduring. Combined this with a panarama of sound and music from Gilmour with the lyrics of Waters, you get something that cannot be equaled.
0062513346|5.0|Paulo wrote an enchanting and facinating story based on his true experience. I would like to recommend this book to every one who believes the angels, and who have conquered one's self-doubt and fear. I don't understand those who wrote so critical about this book.
0553208845|5.0|It showed how much Siddhartha wanted to attain all of the inner peace of Buddah.  It was a book that moved me to want to become a better person.  The ending is a surprise that should have been known all along.
B000002UY5|3.0|Sleepyhouse and No Rain are alright songs, but this isn't anything mind blowing. I guess they had potential...
B000002MY3|5.0|I can't wait for her next release. This album was well produced, the lyrics powerful, and her voice is wonderful. I hope she and glen will continue to work together.
B000002NJS|4.0|Bringing techno into her music was a great idea. It makes her music different from everything that is out there. Her singing, as usually is spectacular and meaningful. I feel, though, she should have tried to make he music more upbeat and fun to listen to. For example the single &quot;Ray of Light&quot;.
0345418336|5.0|This was a great book.  It stripped off the window dressing and supposed glamour of the world of espionage, showing us the unpleasant, seedy and labyrinthine side of a spy's existence.  Le Carre gives us a look under a rock by introducing us to Alec Leamas, a boozing, brawling, disgruntled former British intelligence officer and veteran of Cold War Berlin intrigues, who &quot;defects&quot; as part of a painstakingly laid plan to discredit a mole/double agent within East German Intelligence who has been feeding the Brits secrets but also systematically blowing their carefully built-up spy networks in the East.  The East Germans believe Leamas and execute the mole.  Only then does Leamas learn the truth: the &quot;mole&quot; was innocent, the East Germans were getting suspicious of the actual spy, and Leamas was sent in to save his skin by handing his superiors a sacrificial lamb.  The highly-placed agent spying for the British -- who has indeed blown British spy cells but is really a TRIPLE agent that London wants saved for a rainy day, arranges for Leamas and his girlfriend, a bona fide member of the Communist Party of Great Britain delivered into the hands of the East Germans through the secret machinations of MI6 to keep Leamas in line -- to escape back to the West.  But unknown to Leamas, yet another secret agreement has occurred.  The girl is killed as she and Leamas attempt to get over the Berlin Wall, and Leamas makes a decidedly final act of protest in response to the sordid demands and inherent treachery of his profession.  A powerful book.
B0000020C4|5.0|There are more Les Mis recordings than you can shake a really big stick at, and this is another one of them.  Everyone else has already written about how the cast is comprised of stand-out performers who had been in the show during its first ten years, and so, yes, you've got some of the possible performers on this CD, and they mention the 250-plus cast which really fleshes out the big group songs, and the full orchestra . . . BUT what I think makes the difference is that this is a live recording.  Of course you get some faint coughing from time to time, and a baloon pops, and there's applause galore (hey, the performers deserve it).  However, a real, live audience brings out the best in the actors and so there's something extra in their performances.  Therefore several of the best versions of many of the songs are on this CD, such as Colm Wilkinson's &quot;Bring Him Home.&quot;  Also, this version is the most complete recording of the show (with the exception of the $45 complete recording), so you get most of the story without gaps which is nice if you've never heard it before and don't know the plot.  And one more thing . . . if you've never heard Les Miserables, what are you waiting for?!  They don't say it's the world's most popular musical for nothing!
B000002BYA|4.0|There are some real gems on this live CD.  Stevie and brother Jimmie do a fantastic version of &quot;The Things I Used To Do&quot; and &quot;Dirty Pool&quot; is unreal.  Angela Strehli does a cool version of C.O.D. and &quot;Iced Over&quot; can only be matched by Albert Collins himself.  Don't buy Live Alive 'cause it is not SRV's best live performances.  This is the one to buy.
0812550706|5.0|Deep for those who look deeply, straight-forward for those who don't.  Strong characterizations and rolling action.  It would be difficult to dislike this book.
B000000WCX|5.0|This cd is turn off his usual style.  But I believe all Bowie fans would love it, as well as NIN fans.  Most people would enjoy at least most of the songs, even people who don't like most Bowie tracks.  I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys rock, even the slightest bit.
0385486804|5.0|Like the Beat Generation's &quot;On the Road&quot; and the Baby Boomer's &quot;Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test&quot;, John Krakauer's &quot;Into The Wild&quot; gets into the motivations for leaving what one is most familiar with, and ceding to the ways of the road, and in Mc Candless' case, the ways of the wild. And &quot;Into The Wild&quot; will get into the collective heart and mind of Generation X, as these  other books did for their generations.<br />Mc Candless may have been carless, and he may too have been a genius. But, these character traits seem to be dwarfed by the story of Mc Candless' inner turmoil and the turmoil now suffered by the fanily he abandoned.
B000001Y42|4.0|this cd is pretty cool so buy it.  they sound alot like korn only with rap.  i like rap better than rock but korn is better than bizkit. don't listen to that moron trendkill  because they don't even need to have an explicit lyrics on their album.
B000000OAH|4.0|JAZZ was recorded during 1978, a tough period for Queen. They were still very popular (&quot;We are the champions&quot; and &quot;We will rock you&quot; were smash hits in 1977, and that year tour just rocked), but were facing the challenge of creating music while punk and new wave were dictating the rules.<br />The result was music as ecletic as Queen's previous works, with some hard rock numbers, ballads and other adventures in the pop-rock area. But this time there was a deliberate effort to sound simpler and less over-produced than before.<br />You won't find any epic songs like &quot;Bohemian Rhapsody&quot; or &quot;Innuendo&quot;, or pop anthems llike &quot;Another One Bites the Dust&quot; or &quot;Radio Gaga&quot;. There are, instead, some good moments and some others that, though listenable ( Queen was such a talented group), lack most of the power and magic that made the band famous world-wide.<br />The order of the songs is awkward. Some rocking moments are separated by soft material,  breaking any climate that could possibly be achieved. One may argue it was characteristic of Queen, but this time things just didn't work well.<br />JAZZ was the last studio album of the band not to include synthetizers. As before, Queen's sound relied more on May's guitar and Mercury's piano, but the support of Taylor and Deacon was competent as usual. The vocal harmonies are sharp, as one might expect, but no operatic extravaganzas this time.<br />About the songs: If you want rock, listen to &quot;Fat Bottomed Girls&quot; (arguably the most sexist lyrics Queen has ever wrote, closer to Aerosmith than their style), &quot;Let me Entertain You&quot; (it should open the album!), &quot;Dead on Time&quot;(May's trademark guitar and cool songwriting shine here) and &quot;All that Jazz&quot;. They proved they really knew how to rock, but avoided the true heavy riffs and instrumentals of previous albuns  that sounded as metallic as they could be.<br />Ballads? Mercury's &quot;Jealousy&quot;, Deacon's &quot;In only seven days&quot; a! nd May's &quot;Leaving Home Ain't Easy&quot;. Careful arrangements, but no great stuff.<br />Curiosities? The slightly arabic &quot;Mustapha&quot;, Taylor's funky &quot;Fun It&quot; (some cool instrumental passages. No way to imagine the band playing it in the first albuns,right?) and &quot;Dreamers Ball&quot; (simple but lovely).<br />The pop singles &quot;Don't Stop Me Now&quot; and &quot;Bycicle Race&quot; are funny but disappointing if one compares to &quot;Somebody to Love&quot; and &quot;Killer Queen&quot;, previous piano driven hits. Anyway ,they have the more direct approach they were looking for.<br />It was a transitional album for the band. If you are a fan, then you should have it. If you prever the heavier, more eccentric albuns of the early seventies or are just looking for the big hits, then  you can do well without JAZZ.
B000000HRP|5.0|Phil Collins at his absolute progressive druming best! For anyone who only began listening to Phil in the 80's Pop era, this is his ultimate DRUM recoring. His stick speed, finesse, and odd time signatures drive every composition on the recording. And why he is &quot;FILL&quot; Collins. Oh, and the other &quot;musicians&quot; in the group are amazing too...
B0000042MY|4.0|This is one of my absolute favorite CD's. A friend with whom I traveled to work played it a couple of times, and I was hooked!  The only thing to mar it is that Randy Edelman's half of the score isn't as dynamic as the first half.  But I really don't mind that much!
B000000WFF|5.0|Yeah!! Well I am not shy to admit that I enjoy the music and performance the Spice Girls have brought to our world. As the fan from Seattle said it is really good music to do your house work to. It even &quot;SPICES&quot; you up when your feeling down. I don't like one particular girl because she's sexy or pretty or wears nice clothes, that's how they all are, or they wouldn't be SPICE GIRLS, now would they? Dissaster struck when Geri left, but hopefuly Girl Power will still ROCK on. Get out there and DO IT girls. Don't be afraid to strut your stuff and be proud of it!!!!
B000002LEE|5.0|JA often get compared to Led Zep due to the ethnic feel of their music but to me it signifies the timelessness of this band. This record sweeps and soars through a multitude of emotions that can intoxicate you. The pure energy of this album combined with the childlike quasi-innocence of Perry singing his heart out and the great production makes this one of the best rock albums of this century. No kidding. Bear in mind this ain't no headbanger music. This is a spiritual journey.
B000002BUY|5.0|This album is a combination of lots of musical styles ranging from jazz (Summer Romance) to funk and metal (New Skin, Glass).  The raw energy and drive this album contains is immense.  No two songs on the album have the same sound and feel.  The lyrics are positive, intelligent, and witty.  If I want music to charge my drained batteries, I always reach for SCIENCE.
006017322X|5.0|I first read To Kill A Mockingbird in high school, sophomore year.  I was required to.  When I finished it, I turned back to the front and read it again.  I am from the South, and I KNOW these people.  This is us, whether we like it or not.  A beautiful novel, and a great novel of childhood, with the likes of A Prayer For Owen Meany, and Stephen King's novella &quot;The Body.&quot;   Sure, in many ways it is racist in its views, but THIS IS PRE WORLD WAR II SOUTHERN AMERICA!  Like it or not, people actually thought like this.  I've never understood those people who want to rewrite history for their own ends.  It just proves that they're not paying attention.  Atticus Finch is one of the great American characters of fiction, and the morality of this book shines through.  The naysayers will fall into the past and be forgotten; this book never will.  By the way, Boo Radley is not an outdated plot device.  Boo Radley is Reginald Denny.  Boo Radley is Oscar Schindler.  Boo Radley is the lone man who stood in front of the tank in Tianammen Square.  Boo Radley is, quite simply, us.  The best of us.
B000002ADT|5.0|This will go down in history as the greatest album of all time - in any genre.  Everything fell into place when the tape started rolling.  Davis, Coltrane, Adderley, Evans, Chambers, Cobb, Kelly - one would have to think hard of a more impressive line-up that is actually greater than the sum of its parts.  To this reviewer, this is an album that evokes pure images of night at its liveliest, sleepiest, and at its most romantic and reflective.  If you love jazz and don't have this - shame on you.  If you don't like jazz, buy it anyway; it's the best musical investment you'll ever make.
0062515608|2.0|Unique, yes.  But rhetorical and cliche, too.  Example:  What do you want more than anything in life?  When you know the answer, focus your mind on getting there.  Sure, that's easy for a monk to say.  What else is he going to do in the Himalayan Mountains?
B0000057C5|5.0|I first saw Rammstein open for KMFDM and I was immediatly hooked on them.  When there latest CD was released I quickely bought it. This CD is a must for anybody who is into the Industrial scene.
B000001EYO|5.0|I've seen this movie in germany where I use to live. This movie is real good!!! And the soundtrack either!!!
B000000YG5|5.0|I love this album, having had the LP for over 25 years.  St. Thomas is so great, I wore out the grooves on that one, check out Max Roach's drum solo...  Sorry, but I hate the way the other Amazon review starts out:  &quot;Though he lacked..&quot;  Give me a break! Rollins is one of the top jazz players of all time.  Superlatives only, please.
B000000993|5.0|Ever since the day I first put UNDERTOW in my CD player I have been hooked.  ALL of the songs on this CD are excellent.  When I listen to this CD I am forced to put it on shuffle mode because I can not decide which song I want to listen to more.  Out of my two hundred and something CD collection, this one is played the most.
B000002J1O|5.0|...I happen to agree that Selling England By The Pound is an amazing album.  I Know What I Like is probably the wittiest song they've ever written (and one of their best).  The rest of the album follows suit - intelligent lyrics, gorgeous instrumentals, a very captivating CD.  Though I Know What I Like was a Top 10 hit in England, the album was virtually ignored both by England and the U.S.  That's a real shame because as Dancing With The Moonlit Knight, Firth of Fifth, More Fool Me, and Cinema Show will show you, Genesis was starting to hit its stride with this album.
0553108034|5.0|This was one of the best books I have ever read.  The characters capivated me and the many plots keep me on the edge of my seat!  I never knew what was going to happen and I spent every last spear minute I had reading A Game of Thrones.  It seems a life time I've been waiting for the next book and I eagerly await for it to come out in December.  I would tell any fantasy reader that this is a must read!
B0000028RR|5.0|This is Rage at their best.  This is by far the heaviest of the two albums.   The music blends perfectly with Zach's lyrics.    If you are out to by a Rage album, this is the one to buy.  This CD is worth the money!
B000002J27|5.0|You never realized until this album what great musicians and songwriters the members of Genesis were until Pete was no longer there.  This is another stunning, challenging album - Dance On A Volcano and Robbery, Assault, and Battery just blow you away - plus, probably their best album cover.  Add this to your collection.
B000002JR8|5.0|If you like heavy metal, give this CD a try!  And if you're in to Pantera, you'll agree that this is the best album of theirs.  I have been to a Pantera concert and they play mostly Far Beyond Driven songs.  So this is a CD you want in your collection!
B000002I8D|5.0|It's a shame that most people only remember the signature drum beat at the end of In The Air Tonight, because Face Value is much more.  The album reverberates with a powerful depth and intensity stemming from the breakup of his first marriage - you can feel the intensity oozing thorugh every song, though especially on the opener In The Air Tonight and the closer Tommorrow Never Knows (which in my opinion blows away the Beatles' original).  As much positive press as it recevied (Phil did win a Best New Artist Grammy), except for In The Air Tonight and I Missed Again, Face Value is still an underrecognized album.  It's a shame that most people don't know about standout tracks like I'm Not Moving, Thunder and Lightning, and Tomorrow Never Knows.  Buy and listen to a great rock album.
044022165X|3.0|This is a classic David and Goliath story which pits a little known, beginner lawyer against a gigantic, well-financed insurance company.  But this book is also many other stories many of which have untied loose ends and have too little to do with the main story to help it.  For example whatever happened in regards to the building that Rudy is accused of blowing up?  And I think that John Grisham could have done without the character of Kelly.  Rudy's relationship with her is way too predictable, making it harder to sympathize with her.  In short, what should have been just a good story about a lawyer going up against a bigger enemy almost becomes lost in the jungle of subplots.
B000002J2D|4.0|Now that they were down to three members, most people thought that Genesis was doomed.  However, this turned out to be an enjoyable album.  And Then There Were Three really seems to have Tony Banks' stamp written all over it - the songs are very keyboard driven - yet you can tell Phil was making Genesis his show.  This enjoyable balance really works best on Follow You, Follow Me (my favorite Phil Collins-era Genesis track), but all of the songs are worth the price of admission, especailly Down And Out, Scenes From A Night's Dream, and Many Too Many.  It was very clear that Genesis were on their way to superstardom.
0425163407|5.0|I found this book to be enticing.  I could NOT put it down.  It WAS BETTER THAN HORNETS NEST!! This places  it in the groups  of all her other books written, from Body Farm, Potters Field etc.  She really knows how to keep you in suspenders....
B000002J1S|5.0|Words can not begin to describe how awesome The Lamb Lies Down On Broadway is to me.  Hands down, not only is this the best progressive rock album ever, but also the greatest album of the 1970's.  I'll take The Lamb anyday over Dark Side Of The Moon, Led Zeppelin IV, Eagles' Greatest Hits, or any other &quot;classic&quot; album of the time period.  The Lamb is the perfect combination of superlative musicianship, expressive and engaging vocals, and imaginative and witty songwriting.  The opening piano sequence of the title track is, quite frankly, Tony Banks finest moment and still gives me chills every time I hear it.  I still laugh when Peter Gabriel realizes that he still is going to strike out (even after ALL of that preparation) in Counting Out Time.  Sometimes I feel as if there's no sign of life at all &amp; I guess that I'm alone...when I do, I listen to The Lamb to make me feel better.  It's that powerful of an album.  If I could, I'd give it more than 5 stars (especially disc 1, which merits about 7 or 8 stars).  It's a shame that Peter Gabriel left Genesis after this album - I truly feel that if he remained, that Genesis could've become the greatest band ever - they had that much creative potential.  With The Lamb, they were just beginning to realize this potential.  Add this album to your collection and enjoy the experience.
B0000028RR|5.0|Rage against the machine is an absolutely fantastic band which manages to address major political issues and, at the same time, sound really, really good.  I think the best song on this album is 'Killing in the name of.'  Buy their other album ( Evil Empire ) if you like this one.
0552131067|5.0|No matter what the circumstances in my life, I have always known that for a good laugh, I need only reach for a Terry Pratchett novel. MORT, has been no exception to that rule. Pratchett can simply not get any more hilarious!
B0000060NA|5.0|&quot;Songs in the Key..&quot; is simply the best album of all time.  The album is timeless.  Having been released some twenty years ago, and still creating the same feeling of joy it did in the 70's shows you that this is definitely a must-have for any music lover.
B000002HHB|4.0|This album has some great tracks; Jealousy, Wonder, and my personal favorite, Where I Go, but lacks range.  Merchant keeps a dark mood almost untouched throughout her treatments of these songs.  The final track is perhaps the weakest, displaying little of her originality and lyricism.  This album is well worth the money though, with quietly reinforcing percussion and good guitar work, but isn't a good sampling of her best work.
B000002ADT|5.0|All Blues is the greatest chart out there right now.  I don't know where he came up with the bass line, but even today, it is innovative and groovy.  Get this Album if you even THINK you like jazz!
B000002WYT|5.0|The DMB is a wonderful band, and they just show that you don't need electric guitars to be a rock'n'roll band.  Their lyrics are very poetic, and have just enough of a dark under current.  Da Bomb, simply Da Bomb.
B000003TSP|5.0|One of the best trip-hop albums. This stuff is hat trip-hop is about. Dark, noir sounds, lounge feeling with a jazzy layer and hip-hop beats will make you want to dig out old dark jazz records. From the first track to the last, there is a sense of urgency, of melancholy which is trapped between eerie sounds and in a ghostly landscape. Excellent vocal transitions for every song. You have to check out the ol-skool scratches and the dusty record effect, giving it a vintage quality.. This is no Dummy, but it doesn't mean that isn't good. Portishead continues with this album the evolution of their crime jazz. I recommend this to all novices in trip-hop. Great album.
0440539811|5.0|This book is essential to any discussion on why the human species is failing.  My interpretation of the conspiracies in this book is that though some of them may have had flesh and blood individuals behind them, the conspiracies themselves are caused by 'mode-locking'.  One example of mode-locking is the reason we drive gasoline powered cars rather than steam driven cars.  When automobiles were first being built, there were both kinds.  There happened to be a disease among horses that was thought to be transmitted through watering troughs, and these troughs were where drivers of steam driven cars refilled their tanks.  People went to gas powered cars because they feared this was unsanitary.  The  conspiracies are imbedded in our minds in the form of mode-locked behavior patterns, such as territorialism, male-dominance behavior, and materialism, which are now obsolete, yet we still depend upon them as a foundation for our society.  Wilson's book examines the destructive ways in which humans are programmed by society to think about ourselves and others.  You may find this book difficult to read, but it will change your life.  It is impossible to stress what an important work this book is.
B000005K48|5.0|This is a phat album!If you like &quot;Spice&quot;,Hanson or BSB your love it!!!It's awesome!Five stars!Spice Up Your Life!!!!!!
0385255853|5.0|The only bad thing about these books is that they ended. I wanted them to go on &amp; on! Full of history &amp; romance, I have since looked up 18th century Scotland to find out more of that time period. I fell in love with Jamie &amp; truly admired Claire, hope I could be as clever &amp; resourseful in that situation. Makes you wonder what it would be like to suddenly whisked back 200 years. I've read them all twice!
B000002OX7|5.0|I recently listened to this album for the first time in a number of years after having worn out at least two previous ones back in the seventies. This is simply the best rock and roll album ever produced and The Who is the greatest rock band ever. Only the Beatles' Abbey Road album and U2's Joshua Tree should be considered as possible contenders.
0670880728|4.0|I cannot understand someone calling this book &quot;pathetic&quot;.  I throughly enjoyed this book.  The one thing that did drive me crazy was Bridget's mother.  I think that it was over the top and did not enjoy reading about her at all.  She was so frustrating, and not in an endearing way.  I , too wish there was a bit more to this book, I felt a little cheated.  Although, I thought it was glorious when Daniel called drunk,wanting to come over.  I also, thought that the drunk entries were hilarious.  I think this is one book I will be re-reading.
B000002OZY|5.0|Not having been born when Tommy was released, I am happy to have stumbled across such a beautiful masterpiece unguided as I was by today's &quot;Classic Rock&quot; stations.  Of course, this music is far too good to be butchered on the radio.  I just order Quadrophenia and am looking forward to more of the same brilliant work.
B000002U3P|5.0|Although many of the songs seem out of place next to each other, it is a wonderful blend and pleases my eclectic tastes greatly
0195067142|5.0|When reading about historical events, one must consider the source. Dr. Sledge is an excellent source on the subject of Marines in combat in WWII. Dr. Sledge was really there at Peleliu and Okinawa, and on the front lines. No post-war historian could possibly describe the realities of combat with the accuracy of one who was really there. This book is a treasure not only because of its accuracy, but because it is so rare. Bookstores today are full of first-person accounts of Vietnam War veterans, but similar writings by veterans of WWII are extremely rare. If you want to read a generalized, sanitzed version of combat in the Pacific war, pick up a typical history book. However, if you want a definitive description of young American Marines fighting the ghastly horrors of combat-the worst reality of war-then this book is a must read. In my opinion, books such as this should be mandatory reading for high school students, so that they might have some understanding of how many Americans have fought and died to preserve the freedoms they now enjoy.
0140177396|5.0|I read this book yesterday and I am still reeling from the effect that the ending had on me.  <br />I have a friend who hates books that make her feel anything.  She says she reads for entertainment and not to educate herself.  If you are one of those people (those simple, scared people) then don't read this book.  It'll break you.  I don't think that I breathed once during the last chapter.<br />But if you're a person that wants to broaden your horizons and learn something about the world from a book, I suggest you read this book right away.<br />I will never be the same.  And I'm glad of that.
0670880728|5.0|The biggest objections to this book seem to be the same objections that Ally Mcbeal gets (hence the endless comparisons).  That Bridget isn't strong enough, deep enough, independent enough.  The thing is, most of us don't feel strong enough, deep enough, or independent enough.  Which is what makes Bridget Jones such a hilarious book.  If you've *ever* worried about superficial things (weight, clothes, etc. And who hasn't?) you'll &quot;get it&quot; and love it.
B000002UA0|5.0|So here I sit drinking JD and diet Coke reading The Hobbit and listening to the only psychadelic album I know of - this piece embarrasses most of the later Floyd works; only Dark Side can come close to these pointless meanderings of a mind just starting to lose all grip on reality.
0553266306|5.0|Written in the backdrop of 1973 ,this book is an absolute spinechiller.Readers would come to know only by reading this book, why Forsyth is a class apart from Archers &amp; Ludlums . The plot and the chase are so meticulously written that no one needs to see a movie .A perfect book by a perfect author.
0684874350|5.0|I've never read anything about Ireland but for the  times it makes the headlines. I found McCourt's memoires so moving and lively, one can almost see and smell Limerick and hear its noises. His characters get tri-dimensional while one reads the book, a tear in the corner of the eye. The way the dialogues are &quot;written with an accent&quot;, all the achs and oye's, is great! a masterpiece in phonetics! I am about to finish the book and I don't want it to end. I want to know what happened later in life to all those characters, and to know more about Ireland.Congratulations McCourt family, mission accomplished!
B0000026UL|5.0|I can honestly say that I have every album that Dylan has released, and this one is by far my favorite. A true masterpiece.
B000002MFE|5.0|Stirring performance, especially since this was a live performance. A must have for any collection. This CD is almost constantly in my player.
B000002A3T|3.0|Ever since discovering the Dark Side - I have been a PF fanatic.  Roger's themes and words, Nick Mason's powerful rhythms, Rick's eerie atmospheres and backgrounds, and Gilmour's spacey and energetic soloes made for one helluva a 70's supergroup.  Granted, they lost a lot with Roger's departure.  Gilmour's attempts at emulating Roger's unique lyricism have fallen somewhat short.  Some elements still exist - &quot;Poles Apart&quot; and &quot;Coming Back To Life&quot; are strong efforts on this album.  However, it makes one yearn hard for the classic days of PF's heyday.
6304082428|5.0|My family ( my 2 daughters and myself ) saw the series on Belgian television first in 1997.  We had to wait for 5 weeks before we knew whether Lizzy and Mr Darcy would fall in love. (I knew, because I already read the book several times, but I wouldn't spoil the fun).  Then ,we travelled to England, just to buy the VHS, and we also found the book : &quot;The Making of Pride and Prejudice&quot;.  I already possessed the complete works of Jane Austen.  My sixteen years old daughter is bewitched by everything remotely attached to Jane Austen and Regency.  Of course we liked ( loved) Colin Firth and Jeniffer Ehle a lot. we are also desperately looking for similar non-austen books.     END
B000005B0U|5.0|This album is very good, no bad tracks at all... One of the best this year...
B000002N3N|5.0|_The Memory of Trees_ explores new avenues, with hints of Oriental and Spanish influence in many tracks, such as &quot;China Roses,&quot; &quot;Tea House Moon,&quot; and &quot;La Sonadora.&quot; The meticulous attention to detail is evident, and every song is important to the CD as a whole. This definitely ranks with _Shepherd Moons_ as possibly Enya's best work to date.
B0000009OP|5.0|Not a single bad song on this CD.  If you like saxophone, Dana Colley plays two at once.  This trio will rock your world because combined with Mark Sandman's voice and those saxophones, it all mixes to make bluesy-sounding magic.  &quot;A Head With Wings&quot; will rock you, as will &quot;Cure For Pain,&quot; while songs like &quot;Candy&quot; and &quot;I'm Free Now&quot; will leave you dreamy and sort of spaced-out.  Definitely get this album before it goes out of print, or you'll kick yourself later.
B00000099Y|5.0|Rock music at it's best. Hardcore, but definitly good. Great hooks combined with genuine talent, unique sound and some kick-ass lyrics. One of my all time favorite albums.
B000002NJS|4.0|I love madonnas music she continues to grow as an artist. this cd is great but i do think it takes a step back from erotica madonnas best album to date. in erotica madonna constantly pushed the envelope. ray of light is great but doesnt push peoples butrtons.
B000005ALN|5.0|i don't know what else can i say about this album. this is got to be one of the best album i've ever heard. the arrangements are really gorgeous. it's an album u can't miss. i like &quot;to be forgiven&quot; most.
1563523302|2.0|A good book that could have included the concepts in about 3 pages. Put me asleep on an overseas flight.
0784010188|4.0|This movie was everything I expected it to be &amp; then some. I hope the director decides to come out with the &quot;Director's cut&quot; like I have on VLD, that would add so much more to the DVD version. If you haven't seen the extended &quot;Director's cut&quot; on VLD try to get a hold of it. It gives you insite to the character's lives so much more.     END
B0000046X0|4.0|This has always been one of my favorite jazz fusion recordings.  Full of energy, innovation and instrumental bravura.  There's an authentic hard edge here, but the popular roots are more in funk than rock.
B000002UJQ|5.0|This is the cd that made me fall in love with Radiohead.  My friend doesn't understand how I can listen to it over and over but she is almost always brought to tears by 'no surprises'.  I can't even describe how incredibly touched I was by this cd and how many pictures I have of Thom on my wall.  The songs Paranoid Android, Subterranean Homesick Alien, Airbag, Karma Police, and The Tourist are the best.  Give this cd a try.  You'll sing along and cry.  I promise!
B000002UR7|4.0|I have only listened to this album a few times, but I was touched by the songs Creep, and Thinking About You.  Creep is pretty self explanatory, and I think nearly all of those who have heard it have related to it at least once and have loved it.  Thinking About You is wonderful.  It ranks as high or higher than Creep.  It questions love and brings tears to my eyes when I listen to it because I've really known depression and right now I love someone to such an extent that I cry and wonder if they do care when I'm not around.  You all can probably understand that in one way or another.  So think about buying this album.
B000002TQV|5.0|The Bends is truly an accomplishment that Radiohead ca be proud of.  The sadness, and the upset are decscribed very well and can have a lulling sound.  This cd always puts me in a better mood.  Lots of bands cannot describe depression as well as they may understand it so I love this cd.
0374525153|5.0|Reunion is a little big romance. The author, Fred Uhlman, was german, but he wrote this romance in English language. He leaves Germany when Hitler got power. Reunion is about two friends. One is a jew boy. Another one is an arian gentleman, whose family is nazi. Romance deals on the subsequent conflict. &quot;Reunion&quot; (1971)is a long-seller at Europe.
B000002HRE|5.0|It doesn't matter what kind of music Metallica plays, it is always good.  Their hard stuff is great but so is this.
0425129608|4.0|Perhaps I am coming to this book a little biased, who knows.  But seeing as I just read the poorest addition to mystery there is, this book seems like a work of genius.  The book I was referring to is Pretend You Don't See Her, by MHC.  I think that Christie is just about as fine a mystery writer as you can get, excepting AC Doyle, perhaps.  So, in any event, you might ought to try this book.  Give Dame Christie a little clout.  After all, compare her to the likes of Mary Higgins Clark!! Then you'll think even the worst of Christie is pretty damn good.
0393038912|5.0|A wonderful view of the broad sweep of history.  Especially valuable as &quot;globalization&quot; moves forward. Now that geography plays less of a role in societal affairs, how will people deal with change through their long-established cultural filters? That's not to say that geography is not still destiny on an individual level, but this is not discussed in the book.  The book, by the way, IS repetitive, as other readers have pointed out. But, except in isolated instances, I believe this works to its advantage: important points are reiterated until you feel certain you understand what Diamond is trying to say.
B00000099Y|5.0|WHETHER ITS LOSING YOUR GIRL, LOVING ANOTHER, LOSING A PASSION, FINDING SOME OTHER,TOOL IS CLIMACTIC! ITS A PIVOTING POINT IN A LIFE THAT WE KNOW NOTHING ABOUT. YET, AS WE EXPLORE TOOL, WE FEEL THAT WE LEARN EVERYTHING AND WHY IT HAPPENS.AT LEAST WE CAN COME UP WITH A CONCLUSION OF OUR OWN ...THERE IS A HYPNOTIC RHYTHM ALONG WITH WORDS THAT ONLY WE CAN COMPREHEND. TOOL LIVES WITH ME, IS A PART OF ME!
0670880728|5.0|I absolutely loved this book and have recommended it to everyone I know - single, married, gay, straight alike. We are all beginning to speak in terms of singletons and smug marrieds and emotional fuckwits. This book definitely deserves and lives up to the hype around it. Everyone living in the modern world can relate - we have all experienced a &quot;Bridget Jones moment&quot; at some point or another. Thank you Helen Fielding for so brilliantly capturing our lives on paper.
B000002H6C|5.0|If someone says they don't like 'Tallica, stick this album in their un-informed, judgmental little faces. Even though I was only 7 when the record came out (at the time when I was watching Ninja Turtles and wore Underoos), and most people say I am &quot;too young to aprechiate old school metal&quot;, this has been my favorite album since I bought it 4 years ago. Once you know what the song &quot;One&quot; is about (a man goes off to war, steps on a land mine, and comes back a human vegetable), it really gets to your soft side (no matter how small your soft side is). &quot;Blackened&quot;, a seemingly dark and scary song on the outside, turns out to be a song concerning the &quot;death of mother earth&quot;, and why we can't afford to take any more chances with our human existence. I am not just gonna say that it is the greatest album of all time, I am going to promise you, 'I promise', that even if you are a Nirvana fan or just returned from the depths of gangsta rap, this album will make you re-think what you previously thought about metal albums.  :ALSO: The cover sheet booklet contains the full lirics as well as some great oridinal artwork (including my favorite, the hammer of justice with the band's faces in it). All in all why wouldn't you drop 13 bucks for a truly great, oridnal CD?
B000000IUK|5.0|Following the tradition of Beethoven, The Joshua Tree starts from a void only to evolve into the best realized album in recent rock history. The Joshua Tree evokes everything from the the timeless (and Old Testament) images of being lost in a desert to images of a heroin addict. &quot;With ot Without You&quot; is a song that could still top the music charts for years to come. This timeless album is a must have for any music fan....You have found what you have  been looking for.
6304618344|5.0|What a rush, as two of the best actors go face to face in an action packed thriller that will make you want to watch it again and again.  With John Woo's awesome directing, and the line-up of stars, this instantly became my favorite movie.  A must see.  END
0671004107|5.0|I think this is one of the best books I've read in my short avid-scifi-reader life. Carl Sagan took the same &quot;easy science&quot; from other works such as Cosmos and put together a great novel to everybody's reach... No hard-to-understand science greatly written, great plot, great characters. The movie? It's SO bad compared to the book. The book is just superb eventhough I loved Jodie Foster on the movie. It will keep you hooked up to the very last page... and this is not a clich'e.
0679416781|5.0|Savour every word, every image. Read it slowly.<br />Where else have we ever read of a desert being described as a &quot;...rumour of wells...a palace of winds?&quot;<br />Ondaatje is a master of poetic prose and uses the stream of conciousness technique in a manner more accessible than any writer before him. Sometimes the plot and character definitions get lost in the descriptiveness, but that's not the point of this novel. The characters are somewhat ambiguous (intentionally), but a deep reading shows them to be intricate.<br />Kip and Hana both serve the same function in the war - they save lives, one a nurse and the other a defuser of bombs and mines. The interrogator Caravaggio and the English Patient are both veterans of the darker side of the war, one a spy and the other a traitor.<br />There are morals in this story (and preserved in the film). The hot romance of the English patient and Katharine is bankrupt if beautiful. Violent, even. This is a deception and their loss of each other is ironic; her dying in the desert, taunted by the swimmers in the cave, longing for wet England, her homeland by the sea where the wished to die; he burns and stays burnt in a purgatory, and, similar to Herodotus his master, always thought of as a liar, doomed to recount his story, his wrongs and have revealed his mistakes that cost them both their honour and their lives. Both are punished.<br />Kip and Hana are opposites to this. There love is ripped away by the blast of atoms from Asia. The outside world of war and circumstance, the irredeemable nature of their different skin colour (when Caravaggio asks her why she cannot marry Kip, she responds by pouring white milk over Kip's dark skin) conspire against them. Theirs is the lost love, the romantic love.<br />Ondaatje fools us. Blinds us with passion, so to speak.<br />And the language...<br />Has the English language ever sounded so good?<br />Read parts aloud and the power of poetry is revealed in his prose.<br />Enjoy.
0887306101|5.0|If you want to peer into the mind of several of the all time top traders, this book is for you.  I've read this book at least 15 times and each time it gets more meaningful.  It's a great companion to have as you develop your trading style.  Check out the New Market Wizards too!!!
0345389409|3.0|Bottom line: If you're a die-hard Lestat fan, read it.  If not, you might want to think twice.  One of the things I like about the Lestat novels is the way they blend the supernatural with the mundane. In that respect, this book is not as balanced as the others: it is mostly a supernatural account of the Bible.  Some people will find that interesting, and I thought I would too, but now I'm reminded of Robert Frost's words about playing tennis without a net... not to mention the fate of Cheers after Sam and Diane got together. :-)<br />While I was reading the book, I thought it was fascinating but in retrospect, I'm less than satisfied.  Also, the ending was a little mysterious; I'm not sure I understood it.  Overall, I guess the book probably rates better than 3 stars, but less than 4.<br />WARNING.  Another reviewer (Laenn Claudia) posted some very explicit SPOILERS.
0061092037|3.0|I've read Kane &amp; Abel, The Prodical Daughter, and Matter of Honor.  All three of these kept me on the edge of my seat.  This one didn't.  It was good, but not one of Jeffrey Archer's best, in my opinion.
B000000W8C|5.0|On their 2nd LP, the Verve have managed to use all their influences: Can, Led Zepplin, Miles Davis, Nick Drake, and more, yet have crafted original, powerful, timeless rock and roll.  Every song is heartfelt and emotional with Richard's Ashcroft's painfully honest lyrics and soulful singing.  Nick McCabe's guitar work here is miles ahead of any of his peers.  His playing ranges from towering and immense to subtle and understated, but always tasteful, beautiful, and unique.  Plus, the Verve have the benefit of having the best rhythm section in the world. Simon Jones' original basslines give songs an added rythmic flavor other bands fail to use (&quot;Life's An Ocean&quot; being the best example). Peter Salisbury displays his masterful drumming, which, not unlike McCabe's guitars, can provide full-on power or a quiet, underlying flow. All four elements combine perfectly, with a chemistry rarely seen in bands today.  A Northern Soul offers touching ballads (&quot;On Your Own&quot; and &quot;History&quot;), experiments in noise (&quot;A Northern Soul&quot; and &quot;Brainstorm Interlude&quot;), straight ahead rock music (&quot;This Is Music&quot; and &quot;No Knock On My Door&quot;), and much more.  With its densely layered production, it is the kind of record where you will hear new sounds with each listening.  This is a dark, yet cathartic album of potent songs that will leave you wanting more and more. Here the Verve offer you wjat their name suggests: music full of life, passion, and vigor.  Key tracks: every single one of them.
0425163407|2.0|I first starting having problems with Scarpetta when she had the affair with Benton and seemed entirely too cavalier about the whole thing.  The character started to get on my nerves then and has continued in this book to be so.  She is basically entirely unsympathetic throughout, being either b*tchy or whiny in turns.<br />As for plot, I was completely baffled by the revelation of the murder at the end.  Where did that come from?  What was the tie-in with Ireland? Why was she so dismissive of her (always loyal) lab assistant?  And where was the fear that was so much a part of the other books?
B0000004V2|5.0|This is music. Every note is perfect. Every lyric is right. Every beat is fresh. Everyone should listen.
6304493681|4.0|This film has more substance than most anime's out there. Beautiul to look at, a good soundtrack, mecha design by Shoji Kawamori(mecha god), and its a complete film, not one of an eight part OVA series so you can add it to your library. Not as epic in proportion as Akira but a good solid piece.     END
0061007137|5.0|This is the fourth book I've read by Jeffrey Archer.  I enjoyed Kane &amp; Abel and The Prodical Daughter, and was lukewarm on The Fourth Estate.  This one had an intriguing plot that kept me guessing right up to the end.
0201633612|5.0|This is one of the best OO reference books around.  The useage examples are sometimes obscure, but the concepts are solid.  This is one of five books that follow me to every jobsite.
B000002KB8|5.0|This is a fantastic album. Every song is a keeper.  Black Sabbath knows how to do hard rock without the trash of todays speed metal/heavy metal.  If you like Sabbath or Ozzy, you will LOVE this album.
B000002NJS|4.0|After listening to Madonna over the years, her music has grown.  Her latest album reflects some of her earlier roots but yet continues to evolve with other samples of music.  The songs on this album tends to grow on you.  Every time I listened to it, it kept getting better.
B000001ES4|5.0|When I first heard Songs from a Secret Garden, I was hooked on these guys.  They've made another  hit with me with White Stones.  This is some of the prettiest, most restful music I've ever heard.
B000001ES9|4.0|A very very good debut album.  This album is different from some of their later stuff. The song Working Man, is a must have.  If you have only tried their latest albums, you must give this a try, it is different, but if you like hard rock I believe you will love it.
B000002BHE|5.0|Of all my Celine CD's, this is my favorite. If you like variety, it is in this CD. It highlights her wonderful voice and range and is a great mix of music; fast and slow.
0393307050|5.0|The larger than life Aubrey and the &quot;subfusc&quot; Maturin are the ultimate odd couple.Aubrey's heroic, personal, physical courage is matched by Maturin's particular intellectual and moral courage. I have read all 17 books in the series (a couple of times) and was left hanging with the last. If Mr. O'brien cannot produce another, let's hope that someone can write a worthy apocraphyl. The humor and drama of these books is not at all indicated by his short stories and more factual novels. His collection included in &quot;The Rendezvous&quot; is worth reading however. Another worthy book by O'brien is &quot;The Unknown Shore&quot;. It presents, in different and more youthful characters, the prototypes of the heroes. I would also recommend the companion book, &quot;A Sea of Words&quot;. It will clarify the techincal jargon. After I finish writing this and make sure that my wife is asleep, I will reopen the &quot;Surgeon's Mate&quot; and, with pistol in belt and sword in hand, board an American frigate and earn the respect of the heroic Aubrey and intellectual Maturin.
0345350499|5.0|The Mists of Avalon captures the imagination from the first pages and is a &quot;must read&quot; for anyone interested in the Artherian legend and the Druid lore.  It is a book that, once begun, cannot be put down.  I found myself reading it at every opportunity.  Probably the best Ms. Zimmer-Bradley has written.
0553502077|1.0|I literally flung the book across the room after I read it. It was a great read up until the end. I LIKE happy endings. If I wanted to be depressed I would watch the news. Hopefully his next book will not disappoint.
0684874350|5.0|I'm not overly sentimental (I didn't turn a hair during the TITANIC), but I cried aloud in at least three different parts of ANGELA'S ASHES.  McCourt relates wrenching moments (like listening to his mother sing &quot;The Kerry Piper&quot; to an old beau wracked with consumption) using straightforward, matter-of-fact prose and avoiding cheap manipulation. ANGELA'S ASHES is reminiscent of Hugh Leonard's wonderful memoirs (HOME BEFORE NIGHT and OUT AFTER DARK) and his Pulitzer Prize winning play, DA, and embodies the typical Irish ability to appreciate humor in the midst of despair.
0345389409|2.0|_Interview With the Vampire_ was an original (sort of), well-written novel. _The Vampire Lestat_ introduced more new ideas and was a fascinating, excellent read. _The Queen of the Damned_ was slightly inferior to TVL, but Rice handled an ambitious project surprisingly well. _The Tale of the Body Thief_ was poor; Rice and her publishers know there's money in the Vampire Chronicles, and standards don't necessarily have to be high for the books to make money.<br />_Memnoch the Devil_ shows that again. Rice is a gifted writer, but it's offensive that she thinks she can pull this off: &quot;Memnoch&quot; is one of the most ambitious novels I have ever seen -- nothing less than a combination of Dante's _Comedia_ and Milton's _Paradise Lost_ -- and it falls well short of the mark. There are so many things wrong with this book that I scarcely know where to begin. The essential character of Dora remains undeveloped and unrealistic, because Dora is a fairytale stock character: why is Lestat so much more vulnerable than she is? Rice also appears increasingly unable to resist the urge to include gratuitous sex scenes (or what passes for them) into her writing. There were some questionable passages in &quot;Body Thief&quot;, but it could have been argued that they had some relevance to character development (not to plot, though). &quot;Memnoch&quot; definitely oversteps the line. Conservative readers who aren't turned off by the gratuitous sex will probably be turned off by Rice's re-interpretation of the scriptures. She is clearly familiar with a variety of religious documents (she quotes from the Apocryphal Book of Enoch), no doubt including _Comedia_ and _Paradise Lost_, but her treatment of the subject matter is unsatisfying both when compared to the works of superior writers such as Dante and Milton and when it stands alone, though especially in the prior case. Rice even gets her own facts wrong: she calls Maharet and Mekare the eldest vampires (Khayman is the eldest).<br />The novel's beginning is unpleasantly r! eminiscent of the beginning of &quot;Body Thief&quot;, and it doesn't improve much. The early plot centering on Roger (Lestat's next victim) and Dora (his daughter) is uncompelling and mildly boring. The initial introduction of the mysterious Memnoch is frightening and tense, but all horror quickly escapes as the Devil turns out to be, well, a real angel, if you will. Rice's description of heaven (waaaaay too ambitious) is unsatisfying, Lestat's time with Memnoch on Earth is even worse, and the treatment of hell is a little better, although a little more detail and clarification of her vision would have been nice (just as the Inferno is often considered superior to Paradiso and Purgatorio, Rice's treatment of hell is her strongest). The conclusion is unsatisfying, uninspiring, and a cop-out. Despite my poor review, I would recommend reading this book. But don't buy it, because it isn't worth your money. The philosophically-minded and those interested in religion (but not die-hard believers in Christianity (and maybe Judaism or even Islam), because you *will* be offended) will likely find some interest in Rice's treatment of religious topics, whatever it may be lacking. So head out to your local library or borrow it from a friend, but don't expect &quot;Memnoch&quot; to live up to its predecessors (&quot;Body Thief&quot; excepted).
B000002HRE|1.0|If I felt like wasting the match and gasoline, I'd take Metallica's last 3 albums out into the street and burn them.  I guess the 10 years or so between their ultimate masterpiece &quot;Master Of Puppets&quot; and that sorry excuse for an album &quot;Black&quot;, Metallica must have decided that selling out and softening their sound was the best thing to do.  What ever happened to songs like &quot;Damage Inc.&quot;?
B000002NJS|4.0|Madonna has decided to change yet again.  Bjork wrote &quot;Bedtime Stories,&quot; the title track of her last album, and she's now on the electronic tip. (She even repeats the &quot;traveling,traveling&quot; refrain from that song on this album. She wants to be the innovative-hippy-computer-loving-mommy Bjork is; she almost succeeds)  Producer William Orbit (get his &quot;Strange Cargo&quot; discs) should have his name on the front with Madonna's name in small print as the guest star w/ a capital S (and a capital M, if she got her way), but that is not how it works.  She is trying; she has her people mine the seams of underground culture, and she modifies those trends and brings them to her record buying people...a regular Eva Peron. Despite myself, I really like this album, and I hope she sticks with this persona for a while.  &quot;Ray of Light&quot; sounds like Pet Shop Boys from the early 80's, but since they have had no American success since &quot;West End Girls,&quot; I don't mind that Madonna steals a little of their thunder.  I think that a very smart business woman made a very smart business decision, and comes out all the better for it.  This disc displays the best she has ever had to offer. (If you want to hear the inspiration for this get &quot;Very&quot; by the Pet Shop Boys and &quot;Debut&quot; by Bjork.  They kick it old style)  Madonna steals from impecable sources and has more fun doing it than she ever has.
B0000029J5|5.0|I went to see Bonnie Raitt and discovered Keb Mo! He is a wonderful performer. Keb and Bonnie sang two duets that night - I just hope they record together, and SOON!
0670880728|4.0|I began Bridget Jones' Diary expecting to be amused, entertained, and equipped with a quick beach read.  Rather than wait, however, I consumed this novel within two days, neither of which was spent at the beach -- although it was a light, quick read.  Those in search of deep meaning and revelation need look elsewhere for satisfaction -- Diary is the literary equivalent of a (good) quickie -- short, sweet, and to the point, but with a long-lasting impact.<br />The one unpleasant reaction I had was not to the book itself, but to the backlash against it.  i didn't set out reding this book looking for a feminist hero -- the jacket clearly presents Bridget as a neurotic, self-conscious woman.  In none of the feminist rebuttals of Fielding's book is there any mention of Bridget's friends' reactions to her final achievement of her ideal weight -- 119 lbs.  Their response is hardly enthusiastic -- they tell her she looks ill, &quot;deflated,&quot; and so on.  And again, when Bridget finally gets the right man, she weighs (a staggering -- good lord, the poundage!) 129 lbs.   Rather than remain in a dead-end job at her publishing company (where she unwisely becomes involved with her boss), Bridget branches out in the world and becomes a television reporter for a trachy channel.  She gets a job she nejoys and works with people who begin to respect her rather than chide her for her laziness (but let's admit -- who wouldn't rather sunbathe than go to work?).<br />Nor is there any mention in this feminist backlash of how supportive Bridget is of both her parents throughout their separation, nomention of the men she rejects (yes, even the neurotics have their standards), no word about her best friends Tom,Jude, and Shazzer, all of whom have valubale and sensible input.<br />Perhaps these examples hardly justify Bridget's neuroses as a fair representation of women -- perhaps she is still damaging to the collective female psyche -- but I would disagree. Bridget does not undermine Betty Friedan and Gloria Steinem's hard work ! -- she simply represents the result of it.  And if they don't like it, then they should do something about it rather than sit back and complain.  Which is something, I suspect, they might accuse Ms. Jones of engaging in.
0345363132|5.0|I have always been fascinated with English history and historical fiction.  Penman succeeds in encapsulating a troubled period in European history.  Moreover, Penman humanizes man who has wrongly gone down in history as one of England's worst monsters.  I thoroughly enjoyed this book and was captivated by Sharon Penman's extraordinary storytelling abilities.  This book is a must read for any fan of English history.
B000003PB8|5.0|MIRAGE IS A 9 OUT OF 10.IT HAS TO BE HEARD TO BE BELIEVED.MAYBE PETE BARDENS IS THE BEST KEYBOARD PLAYER THERE IS I DON'T KNOW BUT HE PLAYS EXTREMELY TASTFUL MELODIC LINES WITH SYNTHESIZED  UNDER/OVERTONES.AND ANDREW LATIMES GUITAR IS REFRESHINGLY MELODIC WITH SPEEDY CRUNCH RYTHYMS. I WISH I HAD PAYED MORE ATTENTION TO THIS BAND WHEN THEY WERE TOGETHER AS I WOULD SURELY OWN  THERE ENTIRE COLLECTION OF MUSIC.THEY ARE A GEM OF A BRITISH BAND AND THEY GIVE ME A FLASBACK TO WHEN MUSIC WAS REALLY MUSIC UNLIKE TODAYS FLAVOR OF THE MONTH MTV TRASH.IT IS A MUST HAVE ALBUM FOR ANYONE WHO LIKES MUSIC THAT TAKES YOU SOMEWHERE ELSE.SOMEWHERE WONDERFUL.NOT HEAVEN BUT CLOSE
B000002HRE|1.0|This one is even worse than LOAD.  It's almost like they are trying to find a new direction when they don't need to.  Their old stuff was awesome - why did they have to change to a top 40 band.
0312932081|5.0|Ender's Game is the best Science fiction book I have ever read.  It is more than just space ships and technology, it is a disturbing look at the human psyche.  I loved this novel.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
B000002OX5|5.0|The first time I heard this album it absolutely blew me away.  Fantastic music mixed with tacky funny radio intermissions make this the funnest thing I have ever heard.
0399128964|3.0|This book is a classic, but the movie looks Disneyesque in comparison. Although messianic the story is more Muslim then Christian. To some extent it seemed like a straight up retelling of how Islam united the Arab tribes and their later conquests. As Muslims out there would likely say Paul is different then Muhammed &amp; possibly not even a Muhammed figure. As a Catholic I don't like it when sf insults my religion so if I've unintentionally insulted yours I truly apologize. In fact I was only comparing the story not the characters. Still a knowledge of Sufi &amp; Islam is there. I recently found out that thing about the slow blade penetrating was first in &quot;The Paradox Men&quot; by Harness. Herbert &amp; Harness are very different authors, but you might try Harness out if you got the time.
0151001820|3.0|hey, you from New York.  You gave this such a bad rating, but your score came out as 5 stars.  there must be some mistake.  I gave this a little 1 Muskateer rating because I didn't know what to expect.  Was that woman the devil? I still wasn't sure at the end of that book.  Im going to try one of Reverte's other books.  I hope it will satisfy me more than this one.  I just love his covers.
