0380788624|5.0|Being recently interested in cryptography and cryptanalysis I was suggested to read this book in order to get an idea of the historical development of such subjects. Now I have a more serious appreciation for  security and rights to privacy, and find myself deeply moved by world  history and WWII. Neal Stephenson has given us such a creative novel that  should be read by anyone interested in being truly enthralled from the  Aknowledgement to the Appendix. I'm serious. GET THIS BOOK!
B000002B35|3.0|In the seventies, Pink Floyd was an incredible live band.  It wasn't just the visual show or the surround sound. It was the music.  In the first set, they would experiment with new material. In the second set, they would play  old material in new and exciting ways.  Atom Heart Mother and Echoes were  played in numerous different ways and at one time were even combined into  one song. Before Dark Side of the Moon was released on album they would  play an early version of it called Eclipsed, that was quite a bit different  than the finished product.  On the tour to support Dark Side of the Moon,  they played early versions of songs from Animals and Wish You Were Here.   They also played a great extended version of Dark Side of the Moon that was  an hour long.   <br />Pulse is from the 1994-5 tour to support the Division  Bell CD.  Midway through the tour, they decided to celebrate the 20th  anniversary of Dark Side of the Moon by playing the complete piece.  Pulse  represents a typical Pink Floyd concert.  Most of the first set is new  material from A Momentary Lapse of Reason and the Division Bell.  The  second set is the older material.<br />The big disappointment here is that  most of the material doesn't vary much from the studio versions.  Except  for the jam in the middle of Money, the whole of Dark Side of the Moon  sounds just like the studio LP, but not as good.  The only songs where the  group really breaks out are Comfortably Numb and Run.  But similar live  versions of those songs can be found the Delicate Sound of Thunder.<br />This  is a better CD than the Delicate Sound of Thunder, but if you have one it  isn't necessary to get the other.  Pulse used to come with a blinking LED  that pulsed to the heartbeat at the beginning of Dark Side of the Moon.   <br />For either of the Pink Floyd live CD's the videos would be a much better  choice.  On the Delicate Sound of Thunder, you get more tracks.  On Pulse,  they leave off one unnecessary track.  But, in both cases, you get to hear  the music in the context of the visual show.  This is much more impressive,  since the performances don't stand up on their own.
0792156684|1.0|Let me begin by saying that I just loved Clash of the Titans, so you can  imagine my deep dissapointment when I popped this disc in my player and,  after three grueling hours, saw not one titan! Some sequel this turned out  to be! With all of the water, I was just certain that at any moment the  Kraken might surface. But it didn't. There were no epic battles of  mythological proportions. There wasn't even a good battle scene with the  iceberg. The boat just crashed into it! And that was it. The boat just gave  up and sank. Just like that. What is film making coming to? How did Cameron  come up with this story? I think something like this happened for real a  while ago (but I could be mistaken). It's not a very original idea. Sort of  like UPS. I mean the post office already thought of that idea. Bringing  stuff to your house, that is. So why'd UPS want to do it too? It's very  unoriginal of them. Hopefully, Clash of the Titans 3 will be better.
B000023VR6|4.0|This is Dre's best CD to date. &quot;What's the difference&quot;,&quot;The carbomb&quot;,The Next episode,The message,Lightspeed and &quot;F**k you were the best tracks on the CD. Still the CD could have used more Snoop  Dog.
B00004TDTO|5.0|Richard Kiel is truly one of the leading thespians of the Twentieth Century. How the Academy was able to overlooked him for Oscar contention for his work in the Spy Who Loved Me and Moonraker is shocking. When I  heard that he would be starring in a new action film--as the titular head,  no less (ala Shaft)-- I was thrilled. Then I watched the movie. Much like  the titans in the poorly titled Titanic, Richard was not to be found in  this film. How could Jaws end up on the cutting room floor of a film  entitled Jaws? It's most perplexing. As any fan of Richard's work can  readily attest, the man has experience working with sharks, so it is  difficult to see how he could not have fit into this movie, which,  surprisingly, is mostly about a shark. Perhaps the film editors forgot  about Richard's fatal fight with the Bull shark in The Spy Who Loved Me. I  thought it was unforgetable. But, as is so often the case in this day and  age, it appears that I am wrong. Oh well. Surprisingly, though, once I got  over the shock and grave dissapointment of Richard's absence, I warmed up  to this movie. This Spielberg guy might have potential. My nurse told me  that there are other Jaws movies: Jaws 2, 3 and 4. I expect Richard will  play a prominent role in them.
B000000WCA|1.0|I detest the Spice Girls. Who'd want to call this stuff &quot;music?&quot; This album has stupid lyrics, bad singing, and the most awful dancing. Do NOT, I repeat, do NOT buy this album.
1573226521|4.0|The main &quot;idea&quot; behind The Beach has been seen before. Man thinks something is Extraordinary, Man starts to discover otherwise, Situation deteriorates badly. Nothing special here... BUT, and there is a  BUT, Alex Garland's writing style is absolutely beautiful. In this story in  particular, he does something very rare, which is to speak, as the author,  directly to the reader. The phrase I think was something like: &quot;In  this exact moment I am sitting at my wordprocessor typing this  sentence.&quot; I don't know if I liked that approach or not but it is nice  to see that style barriers have been broken. This is a very casual  novel.... It is a good read though... the setting and plot are mysterious  and as I said before the style is amazing. The ideas, though; could have  been better. If you are looking for better ideas go for The Tesseract, by  the same author. Personally I enjoyed The Tesseract more than The Beach....  but that is up to you to decide.
B00004TL21|4.0|The Deftones do it again. They successfully deliver an album with raw emotion. Although not as heavy as previous works, they lean toward another aspect of their creative and musical expression. If you are a new Deftones  fan, this album is a good start, but explore the previous albums as well.  Overall, I rate this as a must have album.
B00000IOSU|4.0|It's a great Cd.  I love the song I Will Remember You, it's the only reason I got it, but I've fallen in love with the others.  The only thing I didn't like was the audience's noise in the background.
0393317552|5.0|If the Aborigines had originally inhabited Europe, and Caucasian Europeans had started their civilization in Australia would anything be different? Your average racist would say that Australia would have developed a great  civilization while Europe would have remained a region of the world where  people today would still be throwing spears about. Mr. Diamond explores the  progress of humanity by scientifically studying the factors that permitted  and encouraged the growth of complex societies. A society is where it is  because of geographical factors, and not because of any variables of  intelligence or physique. What are these factors? The answers are  fascinating:<br />Societies moved from hunter/gatherer types to farmers  because they lived in areas where potential food crops grew, and where  animals capable of being domesticated lived. Most of the world's food crops  originated in the Fertile Crescent of the Mediterranean. Many areas of the  world such as Australia and much of the United States had no original food  crops. Could it be that some people were just too stupid to recognize a  plant's potential? No. Amazingly almost all edible plants were domesticated  thousands of years ago, as were our domesticated animals. Australia had no  animals capable of being domesticated while horses, sheep, goats, and pigs  originated in, and spread quickly through the Euro-Asian continent. We  learn some interesting facts about food plant development. Many plants  became food because of defective genes. The wild almond tree is poisonous,  but some trees were found with defective cyanide producing genes. They were  cultivated. Wild peas have a gene that causes the pea pod to explode when  ripe, which would make harvesting impossible. Pea plants were found that  lacked this &quot;explosion&quot; gene, and so today we eat  peas.<br />Societies with domestic animals developed diseases that originated  in these animals. (Measles, tuberculosis, and smallpox come from cattle;  influenza from pigs). Thus Europeans decimated the Incas and Native  Americans by passing on these germs. Incas and Native Americans had no  domesticated animals (only the llama in Peru), so they could not fight back  with germs of their own. <br />Mr. Diamond presents an immense amount of  evidence to show that all peoples are intelligent, and that the development  of large, organized societies hinges entirely on varied local natural  resources, and being in locations where natural barriers (deserts,  mountains, oceans) did not preclude the sharing of resources with others.  This is a most impressive work that provides the reader with insight into  why hunter/gatherer tribes live together on the same planet with highly  complex technological nations.
0783235968|5.0|If you love baseball, and it's history, this movie is definitely for you. I am not a big Kevin Costner fan, but this movie ranks high in my top 5. Terence Mann's (James Earl Jones) baseball speach will bring a tear to the  eye of any baseball purist, and the game of catch between Ray Kinsella and  his Dad at the end of the film will bring a tear to the eye of any man that  ever tossed a ball with his dad when he was 10 years old.  A truly great  film with a little bit of history thrown in to boot. This one is destined  to become a classic.
B0000028M7|5.0|All the other reviews here pretty much covered everything. Everything, that is, except Layne Staley's vocals. Layne Staley sings the best harmony vocals of anyone in the 90s. (Also check out Chris Cornell's work on  &quot;Reach Down&quot; from Temple of the Dog). Though his voice isn't the  sweetest around, he still manages to crank out intricate vocal arrangements  that will amaze the listener who pays attention to them. Take the verses of  &quot;Rain When I Die,&quot; for instance. Layne Staley takes a droning,  repetetive, otherwise boring vocal and makes it shine with a harmony from  Jerry Cantrell and another one from himself. &quot;Down in a Hole&quot; is  no less astounding. What another reviewer has said let me repeat: &quot;An  essential album for any child of the 1990s. Awesome.&quot;
0440219078|5.0|The Giver is a great book which you most likely have heard people talk about. It is a suspensful book which you won't want to miss.  The main character of the book, Jonas, lives in a community where EVERYTHING is  controlled by the government. THere is an endless list of rules which every  citizen of the community has to follow every second of the day.  There is  one rule in which every child that bocomes twelve is given a job for the  community. Every adult was assigned one when they were twelve. There were  jobs like the Nurturer of Babies, THe speaker, and so on. When Jonas is  assigned his job, you will not believe what it is. His job (like all jobs)  needs special training. His training is painful at some times, and joyful  at others. Then, Jonas accidently gives something that can be harmful to a  baby, Gabriel. Then, Jonas, and the person Jonas receives training from for  his job, plan an escape that breaks tons of the community rules.  What is  Jonas's job? What is the plan? Read this wonderful book to find out.
0140067477|5.0|You don't have to be Chinese to be Taoist. In fact, you don't even have to be human. You could be a teddy bear, and do just fine. Upon reading this book, I found that I had always been Taoist and not known what to call it.  The simple yet powerful explanations of the basic Taoist principles in this  book are absolutely invaluable. Taoism, after all, should come naturally.  Simplicity is it's key, and so this book captures it perfectly. Playful and  juvenile to some, maybe, but brilliant and wise to those who truly  understand the ideas within. Actually, is there any difference between the  former and the latter?
6305013578|2.0|Metropolis is one of the all-time great films, that goes without saying. It is a well crafted story of opression of the working class when cold-hearted capitalism takes hold. What really impresses me about this  film though, is the wonderful sets, which are very advanced for its  day.<br />The DVD of Metropolis on the other hand, doesn't do the film  justice. The print is often so scratchy it is not exactly clear what is  going on. If you cannot find a copy of this film anywhere else go ahead and  get this. Only if a better copy can't be found though, because a clearer  print would be worth the money. By way of extra features, this DVD only has  one worth mentioning. This is the trivia game. At the end of the film there  is a multiple choice game that asks questions about the content of the  film. It's amusing, but only the first time you play it.
0345308239|3.0|Barbara Tuchman is a first-rate writer and historian whose books I have much enjoyed. For some years now I have been meaning to get a copy of \\"The March of Folly,\\" since it is a book which greatly appeals to me in its  concept. To look at the history of modern man (since about 1,000 BC) and  take examples of real foolishness on the part of a number of key  governments, and try to see why they so acted, strikes me as a wonderful  idea for a book. However, I can now say, somewhat reluctantly, that \\"The  March of Folly\\" is not up to the standard of Tuchman's earlier books. I  find this curious indeed and have been wondering for some time why it is  so.<br />Firstly, the writing is not up to par and I can only put this down to  sloppy editing. Some of the oddest phrases in the book are so un-Tuchman  like, that I imagine they have been written by a researcher and, for  whatever reason, have managed to sneak by both the author and her editors.  Tuchman is usually crisp and succinct. Some of this text is laborious and  redundant; it's most surprising. Perhaps this first fault leads to the  second, although not entirely. In \\"The Guns of August\\" and \\"The Proud  Tower,\\" Tuchman seems to be in very complete command of both her history  and her sources. In \\"The March of Folly,\\" one begins to wonder if she has  not strayed too far afield and is rather unsure of her ground. So it  appears to me, especially with reference to the beginning of the book,  where she discusses both the siege of Troy and then the Papacy during the  Renaissance, when she seems very shaky indeed. Or it may be that this  apparent instability is founded on limited research and that that has been  allowed to come through in the book. Whatever the reason, I find that the  book does not live up to its promise, either conceptually or authorially.  <br />The sections on the American Revolution and the Vietnam War are  interesting in themselves, but one wonders at times, given the detail  involved in both cases,if Tuchman is not actually off the rails. The fact  that there is no stated plan at the beginning of the book (chapters and  sub-headings and synopses, I mean) makes me wonder indeed, just how much of  a plan she had. So I think you can read this book for its individual  content (i.e., if you happen to be interested in the particular periods  covered), but the disappointment overall is that the really first-rate text  that one might have expected, does not materialise. I will say that the  essay at the end is very Tuchmanesque and is a brave attempt, quand même,  to tie the threads of the book together. Yet I'm unsure of just how far she  can get away with a text that smacks so readily of invention and  understudy, and in my opinion, the epilogue is hardly sufficient, by  itself, to save the whole. I suppose it is just possible that she and I  both got carried away by the title.
6305807086|5.0|Being John Malkovich is one of the most fun and bizare films you will ever see, with comedy ranging from slapstick to satire. This film directed by Spike Jonze. tells the tale of a burnout puppeteer Craig Schwartz(John  Cusack) whose wife Lotti(Cameron Diaz) urges him to get a job. Craig finds  a job and goes to the interview in an office building on the 9 1/2 floor.  He gets the job and finds a love named Maxine(Catherine Keener) ,who  rejects him, and a portal that lets you be John Malkovich(Played by none  other than... John Malkovich) for 15 minutes.<br />The Being John Malkovich  DVD is very unique, mainly because of the contributions by the film's  director Spike Jonze. Jonze has added two of his own small documentries,  much like &quot;An Intimate Look at Acting With Ice Cube&quot; on the Three  Kings DVD. One of these documentries is on puppeteering and the other is on  background driving. Both are very amusing. There is also an interview with  Spike Jonze that has a very Andy Kaufman-like conclusion. There are also  four trailers which are very amusing. This is a must-have for any fan of  the film, or of absurdist comedy.
0893815187|5.0|Very nice pictorial work.  While a few of the photographs were stiff, most reflected what one would expect to see in normal country childhood.  Although Mann has been the center of controversy for some of the pictures  in this work, I fail to see anything evil in this work.  Yes there a few  pictures of her children naked, but nothing an attentive country mother or  father has not see their children do at some point in time.  Perhaps this  is the point of contention for some viewers.  They simply do not understand  or identify with country living.<br />Overall this work reflects country  childhood very nicely.
B000002MUW|5.0|A steamy, soulful set of romantic, emotionally-wrenching songs that stands out as one of the most seamlessly gorgeous albums of the nineties. &quot;Secret&quot; and &quot;Take A Bow&quot; were monsterous hit singles  for her, and among her best and most memorable work. &quot;Forbidden  Love,&quot; &quot;Love Tried To Welcome Me,&quot; and &quot;Inside Of  Me&quot; are steamy, soulfull ballads that have a strong rhythm and a  flaming sensuality, all while dealing with the struggles of falling in and  out of love. &quot;Human Nature&quot; and &quot;I'd Rather Be Your  Lover&quot; are funky hip-hop numbers with a unique groove and infectious  hooks. &quot;Sanctuary&quot; and &quot;Bedtime Story&quot; bleed into  eachother as one track, with a trippy feel that preclude her &quot;Ray Of  Light&quot; effort. All in all, a beautiful album, full of class,  sophistication, musical intelligence, and romance that looks at every part  of relationships, and flows like a sweet hot bath. :)
6305657947|5.0|Good replay value, no bloody violence &amp; smart remarks.Certainly stands in line with Sneakers and The Hunt for Red October.
0783241569|5.0|Wonderful, and sweet.  One of Julia Roberts best.  Hugh Grant is great also.  I love this movie.
B00000425L|5.0|Next to the composer himself, I've never heard these preludes played so well.  Ashkenazy is able to get into Rachmaninov's music, and find all of the little nuances that make these pieces great.
6304711905|5.0|A lavish historical western epic you know the name you know what he does for a living and you know what him and his lawmen did at the O.K. coral one the hugest showdowns of the first millenium is captured here when you hear  Tombstone you think it just going to be the showdown and that's the end of  the movie but Kurt Russel's potrayal of Wyatt Erapp is awsome as well as a  strong supporting performance from Val Kilmer as his doomed drinking friend  Kevin Renolds 3 hour 15 minute Wyatt Erapp is about the man and his  life.Tomstone is a little over 2 hours and is more importantly about the  legend of this unforgettable town and while it brings emotional depth the  showdown between the Clanton's and The Erapps comes within the first  half  of the movie vs. Wyatts you wait almost 2 hours and 15 minutes before you  get to see the  showdown and furthermore it's to peaceful in  Wyatt Erapp  but in Tombstone because this ,  battle at the coral was violent Tombstone  shows you that and shows you the aftermath of what  happens to the lawmens  familys and the tragedy  and vengence it derives point put it may not be  accurate as far as the rest of the movie but as far as what this gunfight  looked like your not going to get much better then Tombstone it showed you  everything about this battle and not trying  to otherwise gloryify it the  clantons didn't know  who they were messing with and got no mercy in   return there is a legend in Arizona and it has a name it's legend is  Tombstone and in this movie  it is about as accurate as you can get it with  this movie the legend will live on in a good emotional and powerful western  about a man and a  town no cowboys should have messed with in the first  place justice is coming to Tombstone and  with a vengance.
B00001MXWX|5.0|This movie was a traditional Trek film, but unlike its predecessor, First Contact, it lacked a lot of the more powerful scenes.  It does feature an awesome ship-to-ship battle that finally pushes the new Enterprise to its  limits, so that's good.  Picard also possesses a darker side in this when  he must face the traitorous new admiral who has sided with an evil Ru'afo.   It is ironic that the Sona would be attacking their homeworld to get hold  of the 'fountain of youth' effect of the planet of the peaceful Baku, which  were once their people.  There is a lot of ground combat, which is less  exciting, but Worf gets to fire this big plasma cannon, so it's kinda cool.   It is pretty funny in one scene when Picard is preparing to go to the  surface of the Baku planet to start a revolt against the Federation forces  and Ru'afo's soldiers, and a few Enterprise crewmen come in to either  dissuade him or go with him.  A couple of them are dressed in these cool  quasi-futuristic clothes, like the ones Picard is wearing, and the other  two are wearing their uniforms.  Picard orders the two wearing their  uniforms to stay aboard the ship, supposedly to save them the trouble of  changing costumes.  It's still a great movie, and I recommend that any Trek  fan see it (like you haven't already).<br />Still, it cannot beat FC!
B000000OQY|5.0|Every song on this album is great with one in a million being the best,it truly is one in a million!I think this song says what many of you would like to say but dont most wouldnt have the guts!
B000002OR4|5.0|My father, a concert pianist, has been playing Schindler´s List for some time now, and his love for film music led me to buy this soundtrack.<br />What can I say.  As a fan of John Williams´ music I can only say that I have  been once again overawed and touched by his music. At a first glance,  Schindler´s List is a quiet, moody score, but as one listens to it, it  slowly begins to delve into your deepest feelings, with it´s heartwrenching  melodies and the intenseness of Itzak Perlmans´interpretation.  I think  there can be no argument that the main theme, along with the tracks for  rememberance, Krokow/ghetto, and Auschwirtz-Birkenau must be some of the  best music ever written, and not only in the film score genre.<br />My father  says that just as composers like Beeethoven and Debussy are studied and  reverenced, Williams as a composer will be studied and honoured in our near  future. I am inclined to believe that in the future, when they look to 20th  century composers, Williams will shine out like a star.
6305537550|5.0|John Carpenter's Halloween takes us into a world of horror we will never forget.Very scary and well made,this shocker doesn't stop with the punches.Our senses are always aware that this is only a movie.But that  doesn't stop us from feeling vulnerable.Jamie Lee Curtis proved she is the  queen of horror,and Donald Pleasence is brilliant as Dr.Sam Loomis.The  music is chilling and the cinematography is eerie.Halloween will always be  in my book the best horror film ever made.
B00004T8RK|1.0|... This is Insignificant music, PJ's worst ever effort, thatdoesn't get much better upon further playing.  Light Years, Thin Air,Of the Girl, and Sleight of Hand are just OK.  Breakherfall, God's Dice, and Evacuation are all knock-off's of Hail, Hail, and poor knock-off's at best.  The only good song on this disc is Nothing As It Seems, and you can save your money by buying the single and skipping this horrid excuse for artistic expression.<br />I never thought I'd say this, but I'd rather listen to Britney Spears than this.  My disc will be used as a coaster or frisbee.  I guess PJ missed again.
B00004STPT|5.0|WOW! Hans Zimmer did it again! A great movie score and a great soundtrack. Lisa Gerrard is great. I know who's going to win next year's Oscar for Best  Music. Can't wait for Zimmer to perform live, for the very first time in  his career, at the Oct 10 pre-opening spectacular of this year's Flanders  International Film Festival Ghent, Belgium.
B000002VMH|3.0|The austere power of Lennox is still there, but this clinically produced album lacks some kind of spark that made Eurythmics so appealing. Maybe the delivery is somewhat overwrought with a resultant lack of real emotion.  Lennox's vocals are crisp as ever, as demonstrated in the haunting fade of  Why, when she sighs: &quot;You don't know what I fear&quot; and the  swaying, almost &quot;sound of Philadelphia&quot; Walking On Broken Glass.  Elsewhere Dave Stewart's talent for engaging melodies and sharp hooks is  sorely missed.
B00004STPT|5.0|What a great score Hans Zimmer produced for this great movie. Unlike some other scores, this soundtrack CD is also enjoyable on its own. This is my soundtrack of the year!  I just can't wait to see Hans Zimmer perform live,  for the very first time in his career, at the pre-opening spectacular of  this year's Flanders International Film Fest in Ghent, Belgium.
6302000823|5.0|Some of you may have read my controversial and slightly inflammatory review of the film &quot;Journey Of Hope&quot; In it among other things, I criticized the director for not dubbing the film into English. Although I  still stand by my criticisms of &quot;Journey of Hope&quot; (no amount of  dubbing could have saved it.) I do concede that not only am I no longer  adverse to subtitled films, I am also of the opinion that this film can not  be improved upon, so dubbing would have either had a mild effect at best or  at worst would have tampered with this extra-ordinary film. Now on to this  film's excellent illustration of what a motion picture is, and what it's  supposed to do. This film shows how movies entertain most everyone, and in  doing so brings them together. It also illustrates how it feels to be the  provider of that entertainment. It does this through the town's  projectionist. This is clever symbolism because clearly the projectionist  also represents a film director and how good a<br />positive audience response  feels, the realization that your art is moving people... This movie also  shows how a young boys fascination with movies matures into a successful  career. This movie should be seen by all who truly enjoy movies because it  shows what movies as an artform mean to mankind! It is also interesting to  note that by some strange coincidence in my most recent film, there is a  theater scene. The name of the theater is Paradise. I am proud to have  something even minutely in common with this exquisite film.
B000000HHE|5.0|De La Soul's debut was a landmark in the genre of rap/hip hop.  Not only was the message refreshing, but Trugoy, Posdonus, and Mace had an inventive style that made this record stand the test.  The comedy skits scattered  through out are very funny and only add to the entertainment.  I used to  listen to &quot;Buddy&quot; and especially &quot;De La Orgee&quot; and  laugh like crazy.  It was the first thing I let my friends here as well.   The big hits from the record were &quot;Potholes&quot;, &quot;Say no  go&quot;, and &quot;Me, Myself, and I&quot;, which is the song that first  introduced me to Funkadelic (Knee Deep).  De La uses many unique samples  like Steely Dan's &quot;Peg&quot; and that drum beat in &quot;Magic  Number&quot; is by John Bonham from Led Zeppelin's &quot;The Crunge&quot;.   Talk about diversity, well De La Soul has it.  Although De La Soul Is Dead  is also very unique, I recommend getting....  If you like  old school rap, listen to a group that help to change the genre.  <br />* De  La Soul were on Tommy Boy records, along with Tribe Called Quest and the  Jungle Brothers, who also appear on this record.  Digital Underground were  on Tommy Boy as well, but thats another story and another group you should  check out.<br />...
6303122647|5.0|This is a great film for kids and adults alike, a great plot, great animation, and great acting.  I highly recommend this movie for any fan of animation.  The reason I say that this film is Rather Un-Tim Burton is  because of the lack of gore.  But for younger viewers that's a good thing,  I guess.  This film may scare really little kids, cause a lot of the  characters are, well, dead, to put it frankly.  But for anyone who loves  animation, Tim Burton, or Romance (don't ask, just watch the movie,) this  is the film for you!
B00000IPAX|5.0|Guess what?  You can have fun and listen to punk rock.  Punk rock isnt all depression, drugs, and hate.  Its also relationships, love, stupid people you know, and much more.  Blink 182 didnt start this you know.  Remember  the Ramones, they did fun songs about serious topics, and so did the  Descendents.  Enjoy it for what it is, fun punk rock.  If you think Blink  182 sold out, then you probably need to find more to do with your time.   Enjoy this record.
B00004R99I|5.0|Pocahontas is a wonderful film, simple enough for younger kids to understand, yet complicated enough to hold even adults attention.  When I first saw this movie, I was in first grade.  I understood it perfectly, and  even though I haven't seen the movie for years, I remember it perfectly.   Memorable characters, such as Meeko, Flit, and of course Pocahontas, and  wonderful acting.  Great songs for a Disney movie, since usually they  pretty much have the same basic instruments and tune but different words.   If you have a child, or even if you don't this is a wonderful addition to  any collection.
0671027344|5.0|No words of description are worthy of this book.
B000001ABD|5.0|Okay, my mother has grown up with who may be the greatest artist of our time. She knows almost all of the songs he ever did on this album and loves to sing along with them (especially the overlong disco orientated \\"Do I  Do,\\" which is hilarious at the end). I have a number of favorite songs on  here, too, although I never chose Stevie as one of my favorite singers (no  offense to him). Man, can this guy play the piano! And I was also surprised  to learn that he's written pretty much all of the songs he ever sung! Sure  got some talent there, Stevie. Which is why he's mainly notre cherie amour.
0783222955|5.0|This Film Stunk, that is why I give this film 5 thumbs up.
B000000OF6|5.0|I never heard their version of that song yet, which is why I'm in search of an album with that song on it, like this one. The other hits, like \\"We Will Rock You\\" and \\"We Are The Champions,\\" speak for themselves, too. END.
0345428064|5.0|This is a terrific read. McNabb's obvious knowledge of the subject matter makes this far more enjoyable than other books in the genre. If you're a fan of Tom Clancy (before he descended into political diatribes), you'll  love this book. The political intrigue is well done, the intricate  explanations of the spy game are incredibly believable, and the story moves  along at a great clip. I picked this up at the airport and couldn't put it  down until we landed.<br />I can't wait for the next book from McNabb!
B00000FC5H|5.0|...looks like it's time to strike back. Anyone after an Earth, Wind &amp; Fire CD should look for this one. `Nuff said.
B00000J6AG|5.0|I have been a Moby fan since 1994.  A friend of mine introduced me to Moby's &quot;Move&quot; and I was hooked.  Over the years, I have aquired quite a Moby collection.  Most artists don't get better over the years but  Moby has.  &quot;Play&quot; is an example of this.  At first, I didn't  think I'd like &quot;Play&quot; because it was much softer and mellow than  Moby's previous works.  But Moby carries the same passion and spirituality  in his softer works, as he does in his harder/louder works.  I personally  love all the songs on the cd...each song flows into the other perfectly.   &quot;Porcelain&quot; is a beautiful song and we get to hear Moby sing  which is nice.  Moby also made a very powerful video for  &quot;Porcelain&quot; which is definitely worth seeing.  Christini Ricci  plays an angel in it.  &quot;Why Does My Heart Feel So Bad&quot; contains  the haunting but beautiful piano background which Moby uses through many of  his softer works.  &quot;Machete&quot; has a perfect fit on the cd because  it raises the energy level after softer works.  &quot;My Weakness&quot; is  an amazingly beautiful song and a great way to close the album.  When I  heard that song for the first time, I felt I knew what God would feel like.   I had such an overwhelming feel of spirituality during that song, like  angels were lifting me.  I could go on and on about each song, but  basically this album makes you feel good.  It enlightens you, and it's  perfect to listen to anytime.  For other great Moby albums,  &quot;Everything Is Wrong&quot; is a must, &quot;Move&quot; is great,  Moby's first cd ever &quot;Moby&quot; is worth buying because of &quot;Help  Me To Believe&quot; and &quot;Go.&quot;  Which &quot;Go&quot; by the way is  an early &quot;Moby&quot; song but one of his best.  It has the haunting  &quot;Twin Peaks&quot; theme in it.  And for those of you who can catch  Moby in concert, I saw him this past fall and it was one of the best shows  I've ever been to. Lots ofbeautiful lighting, intense energy level - Moby  himself commands such a presence on stage.  It was an amazing experience.
2070360024|5.0|This book was great. I had to read it for a French class and was warned that it was quite depressing. I found it depressing in some areas, but Camus has a style of writing that made me want to keep going. Meursault is  not the typical hero of a book because of his seeming lack of compassion,  but because of that he made the book interesting. This book, as well as La  Peste, made me want to read more of Camus' works
B00001OH7U|4.0|Recorded before Bowie decided to clean up and head to Berlin, 'Station to Station' was the beginning of a 5-album stretch that reamins Bowie's best era of music.  'Station to Station' ditches the Philly Soul of 'Young  Americans' in favor of a mix of electronics, soul, rock, and pop material.   The title track manages to mix them all together, and though it lasts too  long, it was a daring choice to begin an album.  &quot;Golden Years&quot;  and &quot;TVC15&quot; work excellently as well, and were the singles here,  but &quot;Stay&quot; and &quot;Word On a Wing&quot; (a wonderful, heartfelt  plea to God) are just as great.  There is also a cover in &quot;Wild is the  Wind.&quot;  Though it was a transitional album and not as well developed  in its ideas, 'Station to Station' remains an excellent album, and marks  the point where Bowie realized once again his talents.
B000002NHN|5.0|This was my second Loreena Cd, my first being &quot;The Mask and the Mirror&quot;. This CD expands on the themes set forth in &quot;The Mask and the Mirror&quot;, its complete listening pleasure! The best tracks on the  album are &quot;The Mummer's Dance&quot;, &quot;The Highwayman&quot;, and  &quot;Dante's Prayer&quot;, which is also my favorite of all of Loreena's  songs!
B00001OH7X|5.0|'Lodger' separates itself from 'Low and '&quot;Heroes&quot;' just by the mere fact that there are no instrumentals.  But while it may not have the groundbreaking aura of those two, it is, in my opinion, the most rewarding  of the three.  The songs are just catchy as all hell.  Only the closer,  &quot;Red Money,&quot; is weak.  &quot;DJ&quot;, &quot;Move On&quot;, and  &quot;Red Sails&quot; are the best of the lot.
B000002C1V|5.0|When I hear a great song, something happens to my cheeks; it is as if they are plunged into a can of warm, shaken 7-Up.  There are only two musical groups whose music continually does this to me: The Beach Boys and Pink  Floyd.  What makes The Final Cut so spectacular to me is the fact that this  feeling occurs throughout the entire album.   This album also makes me feel  sad, but it is not a sadness that disrupts my life; it is actually a  sadness that I enjoy every once in a while.  Kurt Cobain wrote &quot;I miss  the comfort in being sad.&quot;  Whenever I miss the comfort in being sad,  I put this album in my CD player, put on headphones, and get it all out of  my system.  The Final Cut is a great album.  If you do not yet own it, I  highly recommend purchasing it on CD.  But listen to it when you have some  free time, because it is an album that yopu must listen to from beginning  to end, in order to reap its benefits.
B000002UD7|4.0|OK, I couldn't resist using the album title in my review title.  Moving on, I will say that while there are a handful of great tracks on here, there are definately some weak moments.  This definitely isn't their best  album.  &quot;It Couldn't Happen Here&quot; and &quot;Hit Music&quot; just  fail, and &quot;Shopping,&quot; while catchy, is also rather dumb.  Still,  &quot;I Want To Wake Up&quot; is one of their best album tracks ever, while  the singles are all uniformly excellent.
B0000048V8|5.0|This movie is the PERFECT movie for children (although I love it too!)  It is what I wish all children's movies were like--poignant, intelligent, emotionally moving, and innocent despite its depth and intensity. It  accomplishes so much with absolutely no dialogue. It is my 3 year old's  favorite movie, and I feel no guilt about letting her watch it over and  over again.  BRAVO!
B00001OH7V|4.0|Recorded the same year as the legendary 'Low,' 'Heroes' manages to rock harder than that album.  And those &quot;songs&quot; are basically all top-notch, the best being the title track, &quot;Sons Of the Silent  Age&quot;, and &quot;Beauty and the Beast.&quot;  Thankfully, these songs  take up most of the album's length, because the instrumentals, except for  &quot;V-2 Schneider&quot; (which actually does have vocals, but in a  Kraftwerk kind of limited way), are way unengaging, if more experimental.   Great album despite this, though.
B00000IOSU|4.0|Usually something gets lost in the translation when an artist records a concert performance.  There is just no way to actually capture the moment when the connection is made between artist and audience.     On the  Mirrorball CD, however, Sarah McLachlan has done just that.  The only thing  missing is the press of the crowd.     Listen to this CD with about a  hundred or so close friends, and you'll even have that.
B00004BZ0V|5.0|'Singles' obviously couldn't be the definitive collection.  It disregards album tracks and b-sides from the mix.  However, because it limits itself to just collecting a-sides, it works much better than their other  compilations.  There is no judgment of The Clash's &quot;best&quot; songs,  meaning song choice can't really be faulted.     Of course, the songs on  here represent many of The Clash's best.  This collection also documents  the band's musical changes well: from righteous punk anger to eclecticism  to pop.  You say so what?  Well, it includes the 7&quot; version of  &quot;Bankrobber&quot;, without the dub, as well as &quot;This Is Radio  Clash&quot;, both unavailable elsewhere.     In truth, if you want a good  introduction to the band, this is it.  For once, this is a Clash  compilation that works.
B000001E7T|3.0|Several artists, including the Stooges and the Sex Pistols, have been able to make quite an impressive trash guitar racket with just two chords. Add the name P J Harvey to this short but distinguished list. The screaming  guitar work is brutal (Meet Ze Monsta), and P J often growls in a deep  distorted voice (Working For The Man). There are some rule breakers here -  compositions with stuff left out (like guitars and drums), and a few unique  things added for variety (vibes, chimes, bells and a four-piece string  section). P J's music is thick and filled with tension - there's little  relief (Long Snake Moan).<br />Despite the dark and moody veneer (lots of  sacrilegious lyrics), the basis of To Bring You My Love is the blues. And  you thought that this was spooky-rock. Ain't so. The blues numbers (C'Mon  Billy, I Think I'm A Mother) follow the traditional 8 and 16 bar structure,  they're just slowed to snail's-pace tempo. Hidden deep within several  compositions are some beautiful melodic lines (I know that alternative rock  is supposed to violate the convention of \\"melody,\\" but it's here). `Working  For The Man' has a bass line that will test the floor of any  subwoofer.<br />One minor complaint: P J, go get yourself something to eat.  Your looking wasted. And an hour in the sun wouldn't hurt either. To Bring  You My Love is an crafty and inspired work. While others attempt to do more  with more, P J is successful doing more with less (gee I hate the term  \\"minimalist\\"). Besides, P J adores Patti (To Bring You My Love, Send His  Love To Me), and I adore Patti, so it's only natural that I adore P J. Did  I say that right?
B00001OH7T|3.0|While this album is largely a good listen, it does not leave much behind, kind of like any random teen-pop album.  The two masterstrokes (the title track and &quot;Fame&quot;) are on numerous compilations, so unless you're  really into Bowie, you could pass on this.
079284131X|5.0|Child's Play was a wonderful and entertaining film. The film is mixed with both humer and horror. The acting is the all time best. The storyline is simple. A little boy named Andy Barcley wants the hottest new toy on the  market, called a Good Guy Doll. Well, his mom buys him one not knowing it  has been possessed by a man named Charles Lee Ray. From then on there is  nothing more than murders, gun shots, bites, bruises, people falling out of  windows and more. I have seen this movie well over 100 times, I love it  more each time. Buy this movie. You will not be sorry you did.
B00004SCX6|5.0|This i think is a great cd, this is definatly a better cd then the first.  the songs are meaningful and the music is different from the regular drums and guitars usually used in music, this is a great cd for her to start off  in the new century.  perfect to get u in the mood for dancing and in a good  mood, but all good things have faults, the cd is full of all love songs and  i think she nees to get a few songs that dont deal with the subject of love  the few interludes that she has gives the album a tough of herself, some of  the soungs a really great and others are just &quot;ok&quot; but the cd is  a great gift idea and i recomend it to neone who likes pop music and  dancing.
B00004U30D|1.0|Usually I can find something of redeeming value in a movie, but honestly, I did not see it in this one.  I feel as if the American public has been brainwashed into thinking that this movie deserved an Academy Award, but to  me it was a dreary recital of the most selfish, self-centered, and  downright dysfunctional people I have ever seen!  To me, it did not seem  artistic.  It was just downright weird!  I realize I am in the minority,  but I really wish someone had told me how bad this movie was and I would  not have wasted the time or money to rent and watch it.
B00003Q43A|1.0|I loved ID4 in the theater, and have been anxiously awaiting the DVD release.  My poor rating is not for th film itself, but for the production of the DVD.  The sound is mixed oddly.  When something blows up, or jets  fly, the sound is QUIETER than when people are talking.  These effects  should be louder.  If you turn up your system to hear the effects the way  you would like to, the next scene in which people are just talking ends up  being way too loud.  I guess the movie was mixed this way to prevent TV  speakers from popping, but I have a mid-to-high-end system, and this just  really bites.  I was so disgusted with the sound that I turned off the  movie, and will be returning the DVD to Best Buy for a refund (hopefully).   I observed this same effect on the movie Event Horizon
B00003CXAR|5.0|I was only 6 when Jaws premeired in 1975, and my parents would not let me see this one, so it was not until 1981 that I viewed this one(on BETA! ), and I recently purchased the THX Widescreen version which kicks!The John  Williams score does it again. Shaw, Dreyfuss, and Schieder are perfect(it  is these scenes with the three of them on the ORCA that are best). What I  want to know is was that shark video game seen during the 4th of July scene  a real game or was it constructed just for this film?Followed by medicore  sequels(although JAWS II was decent).
B000000W3G|4.0|Well, the first time i stuck the CD in i was kinda bewildered.  I will say that some of the songs take a little time to grow on you.  But overall it is a great collection.  There are some really great songs like  &quot;Ugly&quot; &quot;Mouthes of Babes&quot; and &quot;God&quot;. I highly  recomend this compilation from the Smashing Pumpkins.
B00000IAU3|5.0|For all those out there familiar with the group Texas and Everything But the Girl, you will surely find this artist to resemble familiar and soothing others. This CD is amazing down to the very last track, and has  the ability to lock you into their musical trance. The songs are unique,  but also very captivating. I had her CD glued to my stereo and was  surprised by how her music doesn't grow old on the listener. Her songs  provide soothing melodies accompanied by a distinct addictive voice. An  excellent addition to anyone's collection.
B00000DHTF|5.0|For diehard Springsteen fans, no review is necessary. If any one of them has yet to acquire a copy of this stunning four-CD set, it is certainly not a matter of WHETHER or not to do so, but simply a matter of how to beg,  borrow, or steal the sixty-odd dollar price of the collection. And once the  copy is finally purchased, the fan won't be reading reviews; she'll be too  busy immersing herself in the power of the music, the joy of watching  Springsteen's songwriting evolve, and the fascination of discovering the  roots of well-loved and well-worn Springsteen classics.<br />So let me target  my review to newer Springsteen fans - those who own one or two records but  certainly not the whole canon, or those who know his songs from radio play  or friends, but have yet to pick up any of his music. For these people, the  obvious question arises - is Tracks a good place to begin?<br />For all the  incredible things I could say about this record (notice my unequivocal  five-star rating) and for all the time that these four CD's have spent in  my CD player, I would suggest that the new fan start elsewhere. In my  opinion, there are at least three records that one should buy first: Born  to Run, Darkness on the Edge of Town, and Nebraska. I don't think that I  venture too far into hyperbole with the claim that these three records  offer a power, brilliance, and consistency of vision almost unmatched by  any trio from any artist in the whole of rock and roll. If you don't own  these three records, go out and buy them now. When the chills finally start  to subside and your breath finally begins to return, THEN you can order  yourself a copy of Tracks. You won't be disappointed.<br />That said, the  absolutely amazing thing about this collection is how very close it comes,  in quality and span, to these three keystone records. While I've  recommended them over this collection, one would not go far wrong by  starting with Tracks as an introduction to Springsteen. This is an  extraordinary claim, after all; I am arguing that a collection of  unreleased material and B-sides comes very close to holding its own against  three of the greatest records in all of rock and roll.
B00004RHZU|5.0|Pinks far from the typical young female singer...She wrote several of the tracks of her debut album.  The music is catchy...catchy hooks...catchy beats...catchy yet suprisingly good. And she has a decent voice to back it  up. Not another pretty talentless pop star...thank god The music is fun and  the majority is up beat, but the ballads are pretty good.
B000003TA4|5.0|My first impression of this CD was &quot;Heavy metal Morrissey?&quot;  I was 25 and from a hardcore/punk background that had no patience with slow, &quot;moody&quot; dirges or poetic murmuring.  &quot;Nevermind's&quot;  thrash songs didn't seem fast enough, the production smelled like MOR  metal, and the &quot;abstract&quot; feedback solos sounded misjudged--not  as instinctively tuneless and chilling as Thurston Moore's.  Overall it  seemed damp, bloated, and wheezy, like a hair band trying too hard to cross  over.  And this was before the album got hyped to death.<br />What was I  thinking?  I listened to it a few more times out of boredom (still without  knowing anything about the band), and a weird thing happened.  Tunes,  resonant chords, elusive harmonies began to emerge, but more than that I  picked up on a kind of mood--a tension, a yearning that ran deeper than any  of the attitude on my favorite punk records.  Along with intensity and  passion (cheaply had in rock `n' roll) there was a queasy ambivalence, a  sense of mystery.  It drenched the music, infusing every song.  What was  it?  Desire torn between threat and fascination, a blissful retreat from  something unspeakable, a rallying bewilderment at a mess no one else seemed  to notice?  It wasn't just the subtle, persistent tunes, the propulsive  drumming, or the genuiness of Kurt's voice and use of language.  It seemed  like a haunted album.<br />This was something new.  This was something all  ours: a distillation of the attitude many of us had from growing up when we  did.  Dispirited yet hopeful, full of a jaded wonder.  How many of my  friends shared Kurt's fragile aggression, hazy awareness, or reticence  broken by a childlike honesty?  It was all here and more: curiosity, anger,  surrender, compassion...a sadness yet awe at the sharpness of life.<br />Nirvana  taught me to listen again, to listen closely.  Let hipsters debunk it for  its mainstream sound, or metalheads because it hasn't got smokin' licks.  Let the music experts point to influences like Green River, the Melvins or  Neil Young.  There is a quality somewhere inside the music's skin that is  unique.  And despite all the hype that followed, the T-shirts and National  Inquirer articles and Rolling Stone tributes, the ghost in this record will  always be there for me.in' licks.   Let the music experts point to influences like Green River, the Melvins or  Neil Young.  There is a quality somewhere inside the music's skin that is  unique.  And despite all the hype that followed, the T-shirts and National  Inquirer articles and Rolling Stone tributes, the ghost in this record will  always be there for me.
B000002J1S|5.0|Genesis truly creates a timeless masterpiece with this recording.  It is Gabriel at his best.  The harmonies between Collins and Gabriel are enthralling.  The listener is taken on a fantasy trip through the NYC  subway culture.  A personal favorite is The Lamia.  A must have for any  collector!
B0000067L2|5.0|Escuchar este disco es casi una bendicin. Se puede encontrar mejores canciones juntas y tan potentes? &quot;Strange Brew&quot;, &quot;Tales Of Brave Ulysses&quot;, &quot;Slawr&quot; y &quot;Sunshine of your Love&quot;  son joyas de todos los tiempos. Ya por ellas se justifica tamaa  adquisicin. A eso summosle algo de buen blues (&quot;Take It Back&quot;,  &quot;Outside Woman Blues&quot;) y sicodelia de la mejor. Estn las voces  de todos. La de Bruce al frente, pero el gran Clapton y Ginger BAker  tampoco desentonan. Son poco ms de treinta minutos de excelencia que  terminan con esa pequea bromita: una cancin tradicional, cantada sin gran  afinacin y mucho humor. De lo mejor de Cream.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|I share the same opinion of many of the current reviewers of in this section and I want to scream also. War Against Musical Incompetence! . For me THE BEST work of Iron Maiden so far!  10 master pieces that will remain forever. If anybody still have the idea that  Iron Maiden is part of the past I invite you to see the pictures of the  Brave New World Tour and you'll see what a real  concert must be!  this goes also for all those stupid ignorants who like  human crab like kid rock, korn, foo fighters, etc...<br />UP THE IRONS  ecuellaro@hotmail.com
B00001NFCY|1.0|if you like creed and think you like &quot;hard  rock&quot;, listen to the bands that creed poorly imitates, like the amazon.com reviewer said: soundgarden, alice, as well as corrosion of conformity, helmet, king's x,  even earlier metallica, not this slick, commercial, juvenile  &quot;music&quot;.
B00004NRWH|5.0|I was determined to get this cd after seeing the video for Leader of Men once.  (i did the same thing with finger elven... and that cd rocked) I am in the US of A and we don't really have Nickelback that much here, i only  saw the video of Muchmusic.  After getting the cd i found out that it was  all good, right to the end.  I only wish there were more songs on this.  It  is mostly the same, yet also diverse.  My favourite is still Leader of Men  (it's about mushrooms... the magic kind...) i also like Deep, Diggin' This  and... the rest of it!  This is a cd worth getting people... so get it!
B00000J7S8|5.0|i happened to see diana on the &quot;morning show&quot;, she played a couple of songs, they announced that this cd had been nominated for a couple of grammy's and i just loved her music. she played a couple of songs  from the cd and i couldnt wait to buy it, in fact, i did within days. i've  owned it now for about 4 months and listen to it almost every single night.  i've purchased it for a few friends and my boss as gifts. they love it too.  we all feel as if we're in a piano bar. i've been waiting for her to come  to a city near me so i can see her live, and, hopefully, she will be in  highland park, illinois in august with tony bennett. i cant wait. i would  recommend this cd to anyone!
B00004TL21|5.0|This album certainly had enough hype surrounding its release.  The question is: was it worth it? Although others may disagree with me i think it was.  This is not your typical deftones, definately something different.   There are little electronic elements in some songs, but not too much.  The  mellower approach that the deftones spoke of is obvious, but it doesn't by  any means diminish the quality of the music.  Ever since i heard Change on  the radio (the dj played it like a month before he was supposed to... and  the deftones were right there in the studio... quite funny really) i have  been wanting this cd.  <br />One of the main complaints i've heard against  this is that all the songs are the same.  While i can see that from a  certain point of view... i also think that there is enough diversity among  the tracks to keep it interesting.  At first i thought the last track went  on for too long, but now when i listen to it i'm sad that it ends so soon.   <br />Of course, the issue of the ninth track (Passenger) must be addressed  here.  To me, this song just blows away the rest of the cd.  As awesome as  the songs are, it seems that passenger even further transcends them.  That  of course is due to Maynard, the mastermind of Tool and A Perfect Circle.   Even during the verses where the two voices play off each other is amazing,  let alone the haunting, shouted/sung chorus.  <br />I would say it was worth  getting this cd just for that song, but i don't say that because it's more  than worth it for all the songs.  If you are a deftones fan, you'll love  it.  If you just like the song Change you'll love it too.  And there's a  good chance that if you are a fan of A Perfect Circle and Tool you'll find  it a most excellent cd.<br />Oh, and of course, stick this cd in your  computer... the White Pony Pac Man thing is quite funny
6305265488|5.0|Wonderful &quot;feel-good&quot; movie, great for family viewing.  One of the best videos in my library!  Worth every penny.
B00000DMJF|5.0|Conventional wisdom (and other reviews in this space) aside, this *is* a cohesive work and it *is*---emphatically---The Beatles.<br />Those who cite the tension between band members, or the fact that they didn't spend as  much time actually in the same room together as they had in previous years  while this album was recorded, fail to take two important factors into  consideration:<br />(1) The personal tensions, while exacerbating the imminent  breakup of the band, also accelerated the natural artistic rivalry between  Lennon and McCartney (and to some extent Harrison), forcing each of them to  stretch themselves as songwriters and musicians to a point they never  reached again---not together or separately.<br />(2) The argument that each  member's work on the others' songs was simply as &quot;session  players&quot; is ludicrous.  These were still The Beatles, and whether they  were working in the same studio at the same moment or overdubbing their  parts later, the sound they created was uniquely *theirs*.  The final  result is the pinnacle of a sound the group was working toward, consciously  or subconsciously, its entire career.<br />Finally, no proper analysis of this  or any other Beatles record can be made without factoring in the  contribution of George Martin, who is probably the single biggest reason  this album sounds the way it does.  He is the one member (and yes he *was*  a member) of this group who was able to maintain the necessary distance to  pull together the personal and artistic chaos around him and *understand*  what he was putting together when no one else involved was capable of doing  so.<br />As a result, The White Album, through its almost Technicolor  diversity of soundscapes and mood swings, presents us, in my view, with the  Perfect Beatles Album.  The meticulously-crafted melodies, the stunning  wordplay, the meticulous instrumentation and vocal harmonies, all present  in prior efforts by the band, are all here.  But there's more on this  album, and it can best be described as the &quot;sound of finality,&quot;  an overall tone of accomplishment that the band may not have even known it  had reached; a final &quot;Top This&quot; that no recording artist has yet  been able to top.<br />Like the band itself, The White Album is far greater  than the sum of its parts.  But as a whole, it seems impossible to imagine  that it will ever be surpassed in texture, tone or originality. Nothing  before or since sounds like it.
0684872153|3.0|Gross and depressing tale of a boy's life in Ireland.  I didn't find this tale too believable, either.  Mother was awful -- didn't take care of the kids, couldn't recognize illness, slovenly, desperate.  Father a no-good  drunk.  Too much description of excrement, vomit, scabby sores and puss.   Yuck!  Funny scenes when boy is making confession.  Paints a terrible  picture of Irish and of Catholics.  Some good tangential stories but, on  the whole, a depressing mess.
B000008GEF|4.0|Harrison's second studio effort is terrific. This guy is so under appreciated it's not funny. I recently bought Harrison Live In Japan and when he does Give Me Love (Give Me Peace on Earth) you can here his love  for this material shine through. If you are at all interested in  discovering George Harrison's solo work, you could do far worse than  starting here. Check it out!
B0000024UF|5.0|I once spent the whole of a night in Vancouver, B.C. filling a small apartment with balloons as a gift to the woman I lived with at the time.  I imagined her delight at opening the door to find the rooms crowded with  inconvenient color.  But she didn't come home that night.<br />Leonard Cohen's  Songs From A Room played continuously until the sun rose.  It was a perfect  Cohen moment: pathetic but also comical, lonely but not altogether lost, in  turn full of bright buoyant images and pale, creeping light.<br />He likes his  rooms more spartan, but he would have appreciated the irony: Cohen's heroes  often balance on a knife edge between sacrifice and suspicion; ready to  give it all up for love one moment, and caught in wry resignation the  next.<br />Although overshadowed by its haunting predecessor, The Songs of  Leonard Cohen, Songs From A Room is probably my favorite of Leonard's  albums. It is - unbelievably - more personal than the first.  It seems to  begin and end in resolute introspection. As Cohen fans may agree, one  almost wonders after living with his songs for years whether Leonard wrote  them and sang them for you, or whether you wrote them and gave them to him  - so much do they become a magnetic North for our own emotional compasses.   In Songs Leonard seems to explore every human relationship: that of lovers  certainly (&quot;Tonight Will Be Fine&quot;), but also father and son  (&quot;Story of Isaac,&quot; &quot;The Butcher&quot;), patriot and country  (&quot;The Partisan,&quot; &quot;The Old Revolution&quot;), and ambiguous,  erotic friendship (&quot;Seems So Long Ago, Nancy&quot;).<br />In this album  more than in any other, one of Cohen's most consistent themes repeats: that  of the revolutionary.  Specifically, how revolutionaries embody an awkward  convergence of the saintly, the solitary, and the social.  As the heroine  in &quot;Joan of Arc&quot; (Songs of Love and Hate, 1971)  declares,&quot;...&quot;I'm tired of the war,/I want the kindof work I had  before,/a wedding dress or something white...&quot;  Like Joan, these  heroes are often betrayed by the forces they fight for, and they tend to  disillusionment.  &quot;I fought in the old revolution/,&quot; sings the  narrator of &quot;The Old Revolution&quot;, &quot;on the side of the ghost  and the King./Of course I was very young/and I thought that we were  winning/I can't pretend I still feel very much like singing/as they carry  the bodies away.&quot;  To what does the song refer?  The Vietnam War?   Rock and Roll?  It doesn't matter.  We know what it feels like.<br />Love is a  revolutionary act.  It may overturn countries, or it may not. But it does  overturn us.<br />The sixties saw the appearance of a phenomenon called the  &quot;singer-songwriter.&quot;  We were told that in the best of their  work, popular singers were writing and singing poetry.  Only a bare handful  - among them Paul Simon and Bob Dylan - were legitimate contenders. Leonard  Cohen, despite the self-consciousness of his early work, will join Dylan as  the best of these.  Stack any line of Yeats against this from &quot;The  Stranger Song:&quot;  &quot;And while he talks his dreams to sleep/you  notice there's a highway/that is curling up like smoke above his  shoulder...&quot; (Songs of Leonard Cohen, 1968). The image in its  compactness chills.<br />In &quot;The Butcher&quot; the protagonist comes upon  a man slaughtering a lamb only to recognize that the butcher is his father.   We are always at the mercy of what we love, Cohen seems to say.  And  betrayal is just around the corner when we dare to love - whether it is a  country or a woman.  But in the end, however pointless the exercise seems -  like a roomful of balloons - we sometimes find ourselves surrounded by  beauty. I recall that when Jennifer Warnes put out Famous Blue Raincoat, a  compilation of Cohen's songs, the master himself seemed astonished that in  her mouth his songs were so &quot;beautiful.&quot;  They are beautiful,  Leonard.  They're just not pretty.
0780020693|1.0|Call it what you like, but this movie is not the &quot;slice of life&quot; that many will attempt to push down your gullett. You have to dig deeply into your imagination to pretend to gain a semblance of significance while  watching this one. If you want a storyline, or even a story with a purpose,  forget it. If you want something Italian worth watching, go with Cinema  Paradiso, Mediterraneo, or The Bicycle Thief. All of these are great  movies, Amarcord is not.
B0000029DD|2.0|This doesn't even come close to being one of the best albums ever.   Ok, i admit that the title track is great, but come onnnn.  The rest of it ranges from boring to outright irritating.
630280082X|5.0|This movie could go on for another hour and I'd still want more. A superbly done movie with a flawless blending of an exceptonal storyline with exceptionally good music. It is rare that you get both in a movie, as  one usually overpowers the other. That is not the case here. This movie  makes you want to be on the road with Willy Brown and the Lightnin' Boy, to  be a part of their adventures, and to be up on that stage helping Willy  beat Scratch.<br />A sequel is long overdue. But in the meantime, [as with the  viewer from Cincinnati], my tape is also worn. NOW JUST WHERE IS THAT DVD!
0517122707|4.0|I mean, absurd the way Three Men In a Boat is absurd.  Both are outright parodies, just of a different time and place, and I don't think I've ever read a book quite like the two of them.<br />Ignatius is hysterical and eerily  like some of my old high school classmates.  Jones is one cool cat, and the  only character with any inkling of how freakin' weird their world is.  Mrs.  Reilly is a riot, and ends up very nearly a figure of female empowerment.   Best of all is Mancuso, the pathetic undercover cop whose various costumes  are the delight of the French Quarter.  <br />Read this book.  It's certainly  fun, and you probably won't ever forget it.
0783114893|3.0|There are no massive shocks in this film apart from a couple of clever bits involving dismembered limbs and juggernaughts. At 90 minutes the film somehow seems shorter but there are only so many things you can do with the  psychopathic-serial-killer-chasing-obvious-innocent formula. <br />The  location shooting across Texas gives the film a lonely atmosphere and it's  nicely backed up by a quiet score but this (along with all horror films)  adjusts the audience to what's happening next and lessening the  impact.<br />Some more background and motivation (although not much more)  would have made the killer a bit more interesting and stops the film from  being quite as clever as &quot;Seven&quot; for example. But it's a classic  and a must see particularly for the 'stretch' sequence......
B000003CKH|5.0|This is a wonderful CD.  I like every single song so much that I can't even pick a favorite.  I love how Cake can perform songs that don't even really make sense half the time and are completely random.  This CD just  makes me feel happy for some reason.  It's a lot of fun to listen to.  None  of my friends understand why I like them so much; I don't understand how  anyone could not like this CD!  I also love how they don't just use your  basic rock band instruments.  I'm into ska, so I love the horns.  If you  don't already have this CD, buy it!
0671015206|2.0|Anyone wanting to learn how to make money should buy one of Andrew Tobias' books and use this one to stop that kitchen table that you bought 30 years ago from rocking back and forth.  Thomas J. (my other car is a Z-28)  Stanley and William D. Danko go to great statistical links to explain why  your neighbor has more money than you.  In fact, this book is overloaded  with statistics on everything imaginable.<br />There is some practical  information here, but the reader has to be ready to wade through mounds of  data and numbers.  Much of the information is obvious, too.  In a nutshell,  want to save a lot of money?  Don't spend any!<br />Stanley and Danko have  published their doctoral theses and made a lot of money in doing so.  Now  Stanley is going to tell us about the Millionaire Mind?  I haven't looked  at that one yet, but I'll bet a quick thumbing of the book will show a lot  of charts and stats.  Prepare to help Stanley get richer at your expense  and prepare to be bored.
1878424319|5.0|This book provided me with very practical guidelines to look at my world and appreciate the simplicity of achieving true happiness. A good book for someone who doesn't want to struggle through the unecessary rubble of  &quot;out of touch&quot; self help books.
B000021Y7X|5.0|I'll cut to the chase: Do yourself a BIG favor and get this DVD. Even if you've never considered yourself a fan of Talking Heads, \\"Stop Making Sense\\" is worth watching and will probably give you an appreciation for  band that you never had before.  That's just what happened to me. Until I  saw this film I was under the impression that Talking Heads was just  another quirky art-punk outfit, perhaps because of their association with  the early days of CBGB's in New York City. My few exposures to Talking  Heads' music back in my college years (1977-1981) frankly left me  scratching my head.<br /> In retrospect, however, I think the demise of  this band leaves a void in the world of popular music that may never be  filled. Talking Heads created some of the smartest, funkiest sounds in the  first half of the 1980s, and this film shows them in their finest form.  Much of the credit goes to director Jonathan Demme for focusing our  attention on the band and David Byrne's wide-eyed stage presence, while  tipping his hat to the audience only at the end of the concert.  Occasionally Demme comes up with a shot that is so utterly sublime in its  balance and power that the viewer can only whisper, \\"Wow.\\" Credit also goes  to Byrne for the minimalistic set design and the particularly clever touch  of assembling the set (and the band, for that matter) during the first four  songs. And extra-special credit must be given to some of the COOLEST backup  musicians (Steve Scales, Edna Holt, Bernie Worrell, Lynn Mabry, &amp; Alex  Weir) I've ever seen onstage. \\"Stop Making Sense\\" is unarguably the best  concert movie ever made.<br /> My partner Greg &amp; I first owned this  film on VHS, but the DVD is so much, MUCH better! The blacks are BLACK, the  reds are SMOOTH, and the transfer is just as crisp as you please. The  optional audio commentary by all four members of the band is a wonderful  feature and an education about this band unto itself. We have shown this  DVD to many friends of ours, and almost invariably they come away with a  much deeper appreciation for Talking Heads. It's great that the four  members of this band could put aside their differences long enough to  collaborate on this DVD release. Now if they could just regroup for ONE  MORE ALBUM .....ours, and almost invariably they come away with a  much deeper appreciation for Talking Heads. It's great that the four  members of this band could put aside their differences long enough to  collaborate on this DVD release. Now if they could just regroup for ONE  MORE ALBUM .....
B000002HFU|5.0|This is Dirt's best work. Wu Tang was off the hook in 95. Dirt's beats and lyrics kick on this album. Krazy maybe, but he sure kicked on this album.
006016848X|1.0|While a woman's need to discuss everything is babbling that men need to learn to deal with, senseless as it is...it makes much more sense according to John that a man needs to hide in his cave where he can be king of his  forest.  Now that's mature.  Oh, please.  Women love to communicate, men  just want to rule and not be questioned.  If I was Mrs. Gray, I'd be puking  all the way to the bank.  I didn't want to give him any stars, but you  forced me to.  <br />Just for the record, my partner and I are crazy about  each other, understand each others different points of view and if he wants  to go to a cave he drags me along by the hair talking all the way...
B00004THAY|5.0|In my humble opinion, only a soulectomy would account for giving this record any less than a 4-star rating. Clapton and King offer an outstanding cover of John Hiatt's steamin' blues tune, &quot;Riding with the  King&quot;, and the original set the bar very high indeed. The title song  alone makes the CD worth the price of admission. Add to that the range of  tunes and artistic excellence offered throughout the effort, and it's easy  to conclude that this CD is, if not worthy of being placed on one's desert  island list, then at the very least, worthy of being placed in the top tier  of one's collection.
6305776369|4.0|This is one of those kooky movies which are undeniably fun.  I love watching Molly Shannon in Saturday Night Live, so I was prepared for the strangeness of this movie.  <br />It features 35-year olds as Catholic school  kids dressed in school uniforms.  Its not a kinky dress-up thing either!  Will Ferrell is excellent as the &quot;hunky&quot; guy in school who Mary  Katherine wants to share her first snog with.  (He does double duty, also  playing the role of God)It's great when she quotes monologues from 'made  for tv movies' and when she does the robot dance.<br />I don't know what I'd  think if I hadnt been watching SNL for the past 18 months, but I probably  would've been repulsed! This humour is definitely an acquired taste.  But I  know Molly so I'm fine. Go Molly!
0060194995|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book....it was cleverly written by the author...we see the prejudices and all the different types of people living in Maycomb County come alive through the narration of Scout,a girl who has  not quite yet reached the age of 9.The book was written in a simple, and  yet humourous way, and the message that the author was trying to get across  is very clear, that we should never ever judge people until we have seen  their true colours.Alas! The world is often less than perfect and sensible  people such as Atticus, Scout's father, are becoming extinct. I read this  book twice, and it brought me to tears each time. The simple acts of  kindness shown to Scout and his older brother, Jem, by their neighbour,  &quot;Boo&quot; Radley, are really touching. People like &quot;Boo&quot; ,  who have strange and weird habits and are not like the ordinary being, are  often misunderstood and misjudged by people.However, they often have a  beautiful side to them that people fail to see.After reading this book, it  really made me think twice about the misconceptions that appearances give.
B00003CX6P|5.0|In a time when most American films are either shoot 'em up CGI extravaganzas, or exercises slacker self pity, The Talented Mr. Ripley is a welcome return to an earlier, more elegant era.  This has been referred to  by some as the best Hitchcock movie that Hitchcock never made, and that  description is apt.  Hitchcock adopted another Patricia Highsmith novel  &quot;Strangers on a Train&quot;, but, due to the censorship restrictions  of the 1950s, had to leave certain aspects of the novel unsaid.  Anthony  Minghella doesn't have to restrain himself in that regard.  He has  carefully made minor changes in tone from the novel, and made various  aspects of Ripley's character clearer than they were previously.  But he  wisely avoids being &quot;in your face&quot;, keeping the movie's 1958  setting very believable.<br />The performances are all first rate here.  Matt  Damon further extends his versatility as the chameleon like Ripley.  Jack  Davenport, Gwyneth Paltrow and Cate Blanchett are also winning.  But the  two standout performances here are in supporting roles.  Jude Law's Dickie  Greenleaf is just the seductive but cold rich kid who can have anyone he  wants, usually does, and then tosses them aside.  Phillip Seymour Hoffman  is appropriately irritating as Dickie's best friend, who is wise to  Ripley's game from the start.<br />Cinematography and score are on a level we  seldom see in films anymore.<br />Paramount (working with Miramax) has done a  first-class job with every aspect of this DVD.  Minghella's commentary is  enlightening, as he explains why he chose certain cast members, how he came  to make various changes to Highsmith's story, and the difficulties of  shooting on location.  In addition to the two theatrical trailers, the  making of featurettes and behind the scenes extras are entertaining and  enlightening.<br />The best American movie of 1999.
0486408434|5.0|I found this book back in 1976, when I was becoming intrested in card/parlour tricks. I wasn't amazed to see that this book was still in circulation - because it provides excellent instructions on the basics of  card tricks, while it offers detailed drawings and it also provides moves  that the experienced person can you to improve their skills.<br />If your  intrested in card magic - this is the first book you should buy.  There are  several great books - but this is one that should be on every magician's  book shelf.
B00004TL21|5.0|completely leaving everything that could ever bring anyone to brand them &quot;uber-metal&quot; or &quot;new-metal&quot; or any other meaningless tag that's popular this week, in the dust, deftones' third album  beautifully bridges the gap between the raw angst of tool and rage against  the machine and the emotional outpouring of bands like failure and hum.  unfairly thrown into the public's consciousness alongside frat house  knucklehead types like limp bizkit and slipknot, white pony contains  honorable musicianship, subtly brilliant hints of melody, and best of all,  vocals from a singer who really knows what he's doing when he gets behind  the microphone.  the opening track &quot;feiticeira&quot; (named for a  suggestive brazilian tv program in which contestants compete for the  opportunity to drink milk from the scantily clad hostess' bellybutton)  draws some haunting imagery of a kidnapping scenario courtesy of chino  moreno's hypnotic croon, which can just as easily be altered to a deafening  growl - showcased in the song's climax where he ends up screaming the words  of his assailant.  &quot;elite,&quot; without a doubt the heaviest cut on  white pony, works some furious helmet-esque riffage (and perhaps the  greatest single line on the album, &quot;you're into depression `cause it  matches your eyes&quot;), probably this record's only link to past deftones  works like &quot;7 words&quot; or &quot;lifter&quot; from their '95 debut  adrenaline.  then there's the raging yet sensual &quot;knife party,&quot;  based on a real-life event that drummer abe cunningham supposedly once  held, and the ear-splitting &quot;korea&quot; which buries layer and layer  of stephen carpenter's high-decibel axemanship below moreno painting a  sleazy picture of himself being &quot;wrapped together with claws&quot; and  &quot;coming to in feathers.&quot;  &quot;passenger,&quot; with maynard  james keenan on guest vocals (frontman of tool - probably the only other  hard-edged rock band that's at all relevant anymore), revisits the  kidnapping scene, though this time the hostage is willing.  &quot;now to  calm me, drive faster,&quot; pleads moreno, as keenan attests, &quot;this  time won't you please, roll the window down...let the whole world look in...I'm  your passenger.&quot; as opposed to the unnecessarily long final track  &quot;pink maggot,&quot; it would have been a more appropriate conclusion  to white pony - an unsettling end to a very unsettling record - but seeing  that records this dark, honest, emotional and genre-transcending come along  once in a blue moon, i'm hardly one to find fault.  with white pony,  deftones have ultimately raised the bar for themselves and other angry  young american males with guitars.  i can only wait patiently to find out  what previously uncharted aural territory moreno and his cohorts will lead  the world to next.
0345347951|4.0|Childhood's End demonstrates to what extent a science fiction novel can be a story of ideas. Clarke presents us here with no less than a chronicle of the ending of an era of human history. Indeed, I had difficulty connecting  with a number of Clarke's main characters until I took a step back and  viewed all of humanity as one actor in the drama.<br />Given Clarke's rather  empirical writing style, dissociating myself from the people I was reading  about was perhaps too easy. In a way, the reader is closer to the  Overlords, the other principal character, watching from above.  Nevertheless, the individuals in the story are very human, and suspense  about their fate -- all of them -- made it difficult to put this book  down.<br />If you can help it, learn as little as possible about the plot  before you read the book. Good writing and a healthy sense of wonder will  keep you reading. The story is deep enough to remain with you long after.
B000002B7U|3.0|The Ultimate Sin produced some of the ultimate songs. No doubt about it. But a lot is missing.<br />        This album contains nine great songs. But they could have been better. Jake E. Lee's incredible guitar work was  virtually replaced  with keyboards.         Most other Ozzy CD's (Blizzard  Of Ozz, No More Tears, etc.) make you wanna throw up your horns and bang  your head. This one can make you limply pump your fist in the air and  sarcastically say, &quot;woo-hoo.&quot;<br />        In short &quot;The  Ultimate Sin&quot; reduced Ozzy's metal madness into a pile of scrap.
6304698658|5.0|My family &amp; I get together every year to watch this movie. It never fails to keep us laughing,it is a family tradition.We love all the characters.
B00000IQBM|3.0|The problem with The Shining is that is throws you in at the deep end as soon as you switch on the TV. The main character, who goes crazy, is meant to be affected by the hotel but seems to be crazy before he even arrives!  It is more about a guy who just plain old goes under with cabin fever, not  some mystical force horror flick. The adaption from King's master piece was  disappointing. That said I would love to one day see the director's cut, I  think it would do the book far more justice and be a far better film. 3  stars.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I first sampled Dido's &quot;Here With Me&quot; on the radio coming home from work, and I was thrown completely off guard. Due to the ungodly DJ, I was forced to memorize what lyrics I could pick out so I could find out who  this voice was - fortunately, I was rewarded with a name, and I retrieved  the album post-haste. No Angel is easily the most surprising and underrated  album in a long time, and in my opinion, she stands on her own. There are  no traces of Sinead O'Connor in her style, it's very unique, and  refreshing. The music pairs beat and a wonderful array of acoustic guitar,  strings and others to create a harmony that could only be improved with  Dido's voice. With the voice of an angel and the words of a poet, her music  and lyrics pair for an amazing album.
B00000JMOJ|1.0|This movie looked like it fell out of a cereal box it was that tacky and dreadful. I am a Schwarzenegger fan and I have to say I was very disappointed in 'The Running Man'. The plot is surprisingly dull and  unimiginative for a futuristic action flick and the adaption from S. King's  original book is appallingly dissimilar. If you've seen the great Arnie  action movies: Predator, The Terminator and T2 and Total Recall then expect  a big drop in quality from these to 'The Running Man'. Only for a very  rainy day, 1 star.
031286504X|4.0|I was excited to purchase this book after long being out of print.  I read it in one day.  I thought this was an excellent post-apocalyptic vampire story.  It is not a scary book, but a good one.  You can sure see why  Matheson was the inspiration for authors like Stephen King and Dean Koontz.  Although not five stars, I would highly recommend reading it.  You will  especially like this if you enjoyed the movie &quot;Omega Man&quot; with  Charlton Heston.  It was based on this novel.
B00004VVN9|4.0|The premise of this movie is great - they find a way to record all five senses, and when Louise Fletcher (awesome acting as the chain-smoking scientist) records her own death, the movie just takes off.  Christopher  Walken is great, and It think this is Natalie Wood's last movie.<br />The  post-death scenes are well done - great effects for 1983.  Definitely worth  viewing.
0394800389|5.0|this is the best book ever.  I'm a teenager and I still think this is the best book!  This book is soo fun to read when you get bored.  Just keep trying to go faster and faster until your toung &quot;goes numb&quot;!
0767803434|5.0|There is a lot to like about the film &quot;Airforce One&quot;. Fine acting by Harrison Ford as the U.S. President, and even better acting by Gary Oldman, as Khazakstani terrorist Egor Korshunov, draws you into the  story of the hijacking of the presidential jet. I truly cared about the  characters portrayed in this film, which is essential if you want to keep a  viewer interested. If you're fortunate enough to have a decent home theatre  setup with digital surround sound, then you're in for an aural treat with  this one. Frequent gunfire , huge explosions, and numerous jetfighter  sequences, will shake your house and keep the excitement racing. I've   watched the film twice in the past week, with different family members, and  everyone has enjoyed the experience. While some might criticise the  unbelievability of certain story elements, I don't think a movie of this  kind is meant to be taken too seriously. As an action film, &quot;Airforce  One&quot; succeeds in almost every department. For fans of suspense filled  action movies, they don't come much better than this - enjoy!
006092988X|5.0|A Tree Grows In Brooklyn was a wonderful book.  It gave me a realization that everywhere you go there is poverty.  People like me who have not traveled much out of their region of living only see big cities like New  York and Brooklyn as a place for the rich and famous with tall skyscrapers.   Now I realize that there is life other than riches in the cities you see  on television.  Along with riches there will always be rags.
0671042858|5.0|I actually put off getting this book due to the fact that I thought it was so different from other King books. When I did buy it I couldn't put it down.  It was an excellent story that puts you in the center of everything  going on.  I would definately recommend!
B00004U30D|1.0|How can anyone give this movie 5 stars?  My wife and I watched it and I felt like apologizing to her about halfway through.  We were not entertained at all.  If you like dark twisted movies, you'll love this one.   For the rest of us, I'd recommend saving your money.
0790729733|3.0|In the director's cut, James Garrison (Kevin Costner) ends a scene by telling an aide (Jay O. Sanders) that they're going to have to bring in Clay Shaw for questioning--BEFORE Garrison learns that the real name of  Clay Bertrand is Clay Shaw!  This makes no sense.  The added 17 or so  minutes do not enhance the film, which was terrific in its initial release.   Sorry, Oliver Stone, but whoever persuaded you to drop those minutes &amp;  alter sequences was right.  Bring back the print first released: it was a  great film.
0792837916|4.0|Hip, sharp, smart, cool and wickedly funny comedy about Hollywood. John Travolta is in top form as Chilli Palmer, a mob hitman and acknowledged film buff who goes to Hollywood to try to figure out the business. An  extraordinary supporting cast filled with big-time actors; Gene Hackman,  Rene Russo, Danny DeVito, Dennis Farina and Delroy Lindo. Extremely smart  for being a comedy, but also works as a satire of B movies and their  producers. Some very funny moments of high-brow humor, but also some sly  jokes that elevate this one from the usual comedy. Extremely entertaining  filled with in-jokes and uniquely funny characters. From a scale of 1-10 I  give this film an 8!
B000001Y79|5.0|I can't say how much I like No Doubt and how much I love &quot;Tragic Kingdom!&quot;  Gwen Stefani is absolutely AWESOME!   Everyone should get this album, it really shows real talent.
B00000G09Q|5.0|I say this movie is one of the coolest ninja-action adventures in a long time. It really gets a real entertainment out of me. See the 3rd movie, it will give a lot of fun and excitment for you and all of your friends. It's  a movie that should be seen by a lot of ages.
B00000269M|5.0|Although I was only 6 when this CD came out, I still know every song from it. The only album in history to have had 5 No.1 singles. At the time (back in the '80's) the No.2 album of all time. Who didn't know who Michael  Jackson was? Who didn't know these killer songs? Like 'Bad', who doesn't  know that song? The infamous video in the N.Y subway, the organ solo in the  middle of the song? Great song, classic. Now 'The Way You Make Me Feel' is  a great Michael Jackson song that deserves a lot of credit not only for its  barely visable new-jack swing (yes its there, don't even say it isn't) and  great beat. This song rocks from beginning to end. Now 'Speed Demon' isn't  too bad, it is a bit repetitive, but good. I like the video for it that is  in the mini-movie 'Moonwalker'. Check it out. 'Liberian Girl' was never  released in the US but was released in England to huge response and it is  deserving because this is a beautiful song. I really, really like the duet  with Stevie Wonder 'Just Good Friends' the song is kickin' from beginning  to end. Their vocals sound great together. It is a rare classic of a song  that shows what can happen when two great artists such as these get  together. 'Another Part Of Me' is also kickin', it was also featured in the  Disneyland theme ride 'Captain EO' in which Michael starred but is no  longer in service. Now 'Man In The Mirror' is the greatest song of the  '80's. It is the whole message behind it that makes it great. The song is  just beautiful. Pure genius. Quincy and Michael created a magic in the  studio that can never be duplicated. Never. 'I Just Can't Stop Loving You'  is also another great duet, this time with Siedah Garrett, who in fact  co-wrote 'Man In The Mirror' with Glen Ballard. The song is great, though  the intro leaves something to be desired. 'Dirty Diana' is a great power  rock-song, it was actually one of Princess Diana's favorite songs. Now  'Smooth Criminal' is my favorite track on this CD, the best song onBad! By  far! The video is slammin' but the song is great! I love it! Now if you  can, buy the version of Bad with the extra bonus track 'Leave Me Alone' on  it which I think is a great song (though others don't) I love this song.  Great beat, great hook, one of the best! So with 'Thriller', this album is  one of the best of the '80's. Five out of Five.
B00000G09Q|5.0|I say this movie is one of the coolest ninja-action adventures in a long time. It really gets a real entertanment out of me. See the 3rd movie, it will give a lot of fun and excitment for you and all of your friends. It's  a movie that should be seen by a lot of ages.
0783227019|5.0|This is definitely DePalma's finest film to-date. Although I love Tony Montana's tough, single-minded (and loony) character, Scarface has a dated feel to it - I think this has a lot to do with the soundtrack; Scarface was  set and made during the 80's, whilst Carlito's Way was set in the 70's but  made in the 90's. I think it's a lot easier to choose the best music from a  decade with the benefit of hindsight (and certain clothing fashions can be  conveniently omitted at the same time).<br />DePalma did a great job with a  fine plot and shot the film in his usual highly charged style. He managed  to re-create a very atmospheric time and place - glamorous, seedy and  dangerous at the same time. Whether this is realistic or not I can't  answer, but I liked it. Performance wise,  Pacino and Penn were on sizzling  form and the supports were great too - in particular, John Leguizamo (Benny  Blanco) and Luis Guzman (Pachanga).<br />I can watch this film again and again  - those heavyweight performances, storyline and attention to detail make it  entertaining on many different levels. Unusually, even though the viewer is  aware from the outset that the main character will ultimately not make it  and that his quest for escape from his past life is fruitless, this isn't  off-putting as one would expect. The film is so compelling that it draws  you in - outstanding.
0780619609|5.0|This movie continues the first one left off. I saw it in theaters a long time ago, and I still remember that day I saw it. This movie should get some credit. It's got comedy, action, music, and more. It is one of the  movies that should be worth watching. If your an any person who likes  action and comedy, this is a movie I recomend.
B00003W8NM|5.0|I bought the DVD of Fight Club just a few days ago, and I have seen it about 5 times. It is great! David Fincher is the best director of the 21st century. The film editing was awesome and so was the music of the Dust  Brothers. It's too bad that Fight Club received only 1 Academy Award  nomination. I believe that David Fincher should've receive the nomination  for Best directing. It's a shame.
0780625129|5.0|This movie is filled with truth that happens every day, a man goes to jail because of hate against another race, and finds friends in jail that change his life, and how he looks at his friends and enemies<br />Edward Norton did  wonderful work with this film, and made it believable.  It was wonderful  how all of his past was in black and white, but the present was in color.   This film did not get enough recognititon, but GO SEE IT.
0783228317|4.0|I've given this movie an attentive view while both sober and on a couple of drugs. Both times I was left feeling not altogether comfortable, satisfied or even entertained. But that's the beauty. That's why I'll watch  this again.<br />You can't really categorize it with &quot;stoner flicks  (Cheech &amp; Chong, Natural Born Killers)&quot; or period pieces (Boogie  Nights, The Doors), this movie stands on its own two legs. Sometimes  monologue is drowned in sound effects and noise, sometimes Johnny Depp  talks too fast as someone out of his mind on drugs while balancing a  cigarette between his lips the ENTIRE TIME. <br />I felt jealous while the  contents of the infamous suitcase were being displayed in an organized yet  aloof game of show-and-tell. Why can't I get those kinds of drugs? Most of  us probably won't get anywhere near this type of decadence, at least on  this type of scale with this type of context. That's why it's a movie.  That's why he's Hunter S. Thompson and we aren't.<br />Extreme wit. Very  pleased with the narration. Some parts may even raise your eyebrow (walking  into an anti-drug police convention with a cocaine-powedered nostril and a  suitcase full of heavy drugs comes to mind), some parts might cause you to  yawn (the desert race part is where I get up to pee) and others may seem  groundbreaking (I haven't seen a better representation of LSD-induced  paranoia/skittishness and all-around &quot;weirdness&quot; in any movie -  ok... so the bar full of humanoid lizards made you wonder what kind of acid  they took back in 1970).<br />I respect this movie. I respect the actors'  talent. The book was given plenty of justice. You will get the point, as  long as you pay attention.<br />Justin
6304140711|4.0|It's your basic boy meets girl, boys insane, boys tries to kill girl, and so on.  But I really enjoyed this movie, Reese Witherspoon is a pretty good actor, and Marc Walhberg is a good psychopath.  Watch this movie.
B000020617|5.0|I've gotta admit, as an avid fan of Nirvana and the Foo Fighters, this album was pretty dissappointing.  The first two or three times I listend to it, I wasn't impressed at all, and even concidered selling it.  But  something happened about the third or fourth time I listened to it all the  way through...  I realized what a great album this is.  It truly grows on  you. Its refined enough to please the critics, but still has a raw edge of  early '90s Seattle grunge (ie: Pearl Jam's Ten).  Dave Grohl said it was  his best work since Nirvana.  I don't question that one bit.  There's only  one question going through my head now: Who was the driving force behind  Nirvana?  Was it Kurt, or did Dave have a lot more to do with their success  than we all thought?  Get the album and decide for yourself.
B00000J7J4|5.0|This is a marvelous, robust and rousing CD. Carlos Santana is fabulous, and the guest performers lend variety to this terrific mixture of Latin and rock sounds. Favorites of mine include Dave Matthews with &quot;Love of my  Life&quot; and Everlast doing &quot;Put your Lights on&quot;(great lyrics),  and you'd have to be made of stone for &quot;Africa Bamba&quot;,  &quot;Corazon Espinado&quot;(with Mana) and &quot;El Farol&quot; not to set  your soul dancing...and then there's the irrepressible Rob Thomas'  &quot;Man it's a hot one...&quot; &quot;SMOOTH&quot;! This is not a CD that  gets stale with repeated hearing..like any good recording or fine wine, it  gets better with age.
B00004T1NA|4.0|After a series of albums of hit and miss experimentation, Porcupine Tree eventually settled on a recognisable style by 'Signify' from 1996. Steve Wilson continued to hone his songwriting skills on 'Stupid Dream' several  years later, with a bunch of songs that were the equal of anything by the  much revered Radiohead, with whom there are some obvious  comparisons.<br />'LightBulb Sun' pretty much continues where 'Stupid Dream'  left off, though the overall quality is not quite as high. Wilson continues  to find - almost embarressingly considering his prog-rock leanings - that  he is more adept at shorter, simpler songs than extended epics; the  exquisite 'The Rest Will Flow' achieves far more in three succint minutes  than the lumbering 'Russia on Ice' manages in thirteen.<br />Dave Gregory's  orchestrations are a welcome addition and add a little warmth to Porcupine  Tree's often cold arrangements. <br />Wilson tends to wear his influences on  his sleeve - Pink Floyd and Hawkwind are two notable examples - but it  comes as a surprise to find that the heavy acoustic strum of 'Where We  Would Be' has more than a passing resemblence with 'Midas Man' by inventive  70's orchestral prog-rockers Rennaissance, while the waltzing 'How is Your  Life Today?' includes a spot of Foxtrot era Genesis harmonies.<br />On the  whole this is another welcome release from a band who will never receive  favourable reviews from today's music press, who seem hell bent on pouring  derision on anything they regard as 'progressive', and that's a shame.
6303921248|5.0|i saw this movie on cable which had five parts, and it took more than two months to complete the  whole series. i didn't miss a single show; this  should be sufficient to justify it being an  excellent adaptation of this  novel as a movie. i was totally mesmerised by the characters of Darcy and  Elizabeth. Colin Firth is amazing; no one could have done more justice to  this character. Jennifer Ehle is an excellent actress. Watching the movie,  I could feel the pain which Darch goes through. The best romantic movie  ever. Enjoy !
B000001GXB|2.0|I loved Pollini's Chopin. So I was very glad when I found Pollini's Beethoven in the shop. Those late sonata are among my favorites and it seems it'll be magnificent.<br />Alas... I couldn't find any musical note in  these recording. Tempos are usually too fast for my taste and worse it  doesn't contain any deep emotion lies in this great music.<br />Kempf is still  my best. For 32nd(which I love to the death) I like Michelangelli,  Pogorellichi(?... spelling is quite hard to remember). Backhaus isn't my  cup of coffee either. <br />Anyway, Pollini is not. This is the worst  recording of great late sonata of Beethoven I ever heard of.
6303921248|5.0|i saw this movie on cable which had five parts, and it took more than two months to complete the  whole series. i didn't miss a single show; this  should be sufficient to justify it being an  excellent adaptation of this  novel as a movie. i was totally mesmerised by the characters of Darcy and  Elizabeth. Colin Firth is amazing; no one could have done more justice to  this character. Jennifer Ehle is an excellent actress. Watching the movie,  I could feel the pain which Darch goes through. The best romantic movie  ever. Enjoy !
B00003CWN2|5.0|Yo creo que esta pelicula es muy buena, claro esta que toca un tema que aun no es aseptado; es terrible que ocurran crimenes como el que nos muestran en la pelicula, y que la gente que piensa de una manera  conservadora, diga &quot;que bueno, se lo meresia&quot;, esto ya no se debe  repetir.<br />Uno se encariña con el personaje, y hasta sientes preocupasion  por que lo descubran, aunque ya sabemos su terrible fin. RECOMIENDO ESTA  PELICULA YA QUE EL GUION ES MAGNIFICO Y LA ACTUACION DE HILARY EXELENTE.
6303921248|5.0|i saw this movie on cable which had five parts, and it took more than two months to complete the  whole series. i didn't miss a single show; this  should be sufficient to justify it being an  excellent adaptation of this  novel as a movie. i was totally mesmerised by the characters of Darcy and  Elizabeth. Colin Firth is amazing; no one could have done more justice to  this character. Jennifer Ehle is an excellent actress. Watching the movie,  I could feel the pain which Darch goes through. The best romantic movie  ever. Enjoy !
0792110188|5.0|This is my all-time favorite John Wayne flick.  Most lists I see list &quot;The Searchers&quot; as the best, but I disagree.  This is essentially a reworking of &quot;Rio Bravo&quot;, but you get better co-stars here with  Robert Mitchum and James Caan.  Plus you don't have the unrealistic  sing-a-long that occurs in the middle of &quot;Bravo&quot;<br />   In this  movie Cole Thornton (Wayne) is a hired gunman in town to help out in a  range war.  Before he goes out to meet his new boss, Bart Jason (Ed Asner),  he meets his old buddy J. P. Harrah (Mitchum).  Harrah convinces Thornton  that he'd be fighting for the wrong side.<br />   Later, Thornton is in  another town, where he meets up with Nils McCloud (Christopher George), who  is off to El Dorado to take the job Thornton turned down.  McCloud tells  Thornton that Harrah is now a hopeless drunk, so of course, this being a  Wayne flick, Thornton has to ride to the rescue.  <br />   Along the way he is  accompanied by Alan Bedillian Traherne (&quot;Yeah, that's why most people  call me 'Mississippi'.&quot;) and Bull (Arthur Hunnicut).  The end is a  shootout worthy of the name.
0385484518|5.0|This book is an easy to read touching tribute to the people who have a profound impact on the lives of others, no matter their occupation.  This book is about living, not dying.  Tell everyone who matters in your life  that you love them... before it is too late.  I highly recommend this book.
B00000K19E|4.0|What can I say? This is one of the most original movies ever created, taking advantage of people's already high &quot;techno-phobia&quot;. The movie starts out with a woman on a computer, who then gets chased by the  police. Your first impression of this is &quot;Great, another conspiracy  movie.&quot; After she jumps over a great distance from one building to  another, and when her enemy does the same, you start to wonder &quot;What  just happened?&quot; The complicated plot then starts to unravel, always  one step ahead of you. The best reason to buy this movie on DVD is simply  because this movie has incredible, INCREDIBLE special effects which you  just can't fully appreciate with vhs quality. One last thing is that the  cast was great. Even though I hate to admit it, Keanu Reeves was the bet  pick for Neo. Good movie, incredible speical effects- my final rating, 4  stars.
B00004T8RK|4.0|Pearl Jam's latest effort shows an ever evolving sound and maturity beyond most rock bands of today.  &quot;Binaural&quot; represents some of the best this band has to offer.  Most songs are excellent, but, surprisingly there  is little mention of my favorite song on this CD...&quot;Sleight Of  Hand&quot;.  An experimental, but superb song that elevates the band way  beyond their grunge rock beginnings.  Will see this band perform in October  and hope to hear this song performed live.  The CD is highly recommended to  all true fans of this ever changing band.
031286504X|5.0|From the claustrophobic beginning, to the exciting &amp; unexpected ending this book delivers. A central character you get to care about &amp; set-pieces that are crying out to be shot on film ( the encounter with the  vampires while racing back to his home in the station wagon had me  gripped!). The Omega Man is a very poor indicator of the impact and  excitement of this novel. Cannot recommend it high enough. A thoroughly  deserved 5 stars!
0345350499|4.0|The first thing I have to say about this book: It could have been told in half the pages. That's the only thing I disliked about this book and the reason for only 4 stars.<br />I really came to love the main character  Morgaine (Morgan Le Fey). Presented in a very different light, I'm hard  pressed to find more books chronicling Morgaine as the main character in a  serious light. Bradley did a good job of drawing me into the book in that  her writing elicited an emotional response from me. I felt an empathy for  Morgaine throughout the whole book. Depending on which side of the spectrum  you're on, you may hate Gwenefeyhr for the first time. Personally, I  couldn't stand her! I really enjoyed the intellectual religious arguments  and debates, I recall they brought up some interesting points.<br />If you  don't mind a drawn out book, definitely read The Mists of Avalon.
0671042858|5.0|This is the chilling,gripping,wonderfully told story of Trisha McFarland.<br />Trisha is nine years old,but big for her age. While on a hike with her mother and brother,who are having,one,long,continuous argument,Trisha  decides she needs a break. When nature calls,she steps off the path and  this is where the chilling fun and games begin.<br />Realizing she is lost,off  she sets to find her way back to her family. After a disasterous  occurence,she gets some good news when she makes the discovery that her  walkman is in perfect shape. She listens in on the Boston Red Sox game and  finds her lifeline,in the shape of her favorite releif pitcher,Tom  Gordan,whom she also has a teeny crush on.<br />We follow Trisha through her  journey back to civilation. Along the way,she makes some disturbing and  heart-stopping discoveries. Someone or something is trailing her,ready to  pounce at any moment.<br />Hurt and sick,Trisha draws on an inner strength to  not live,but survive. All the while,Tom is there,encouraging and guiding  her,until her ultimate showdown,with what she has come to know as,The God  of the Lost.<br />Short enough to be read in one sitting and compelling  enough,as well,The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordan will keep you glued to your  seat and your eyes fastened to the page.
B00001NFCY|5.0|this cd is one  of the best cds that i have bought in awhile.  even though the cover is kinda weird(w/ the clay children and all)thatshould not discourage you from getting this. faceless man, higher and w/ arms wide  open are just some of the songs on this cd.  in case youre wondering about  the quality of the lyrics worry no more.  not one questionable word is on  this cd.  order now and you wont be disappointed.
0881032565|5.0|This was a fantastic novel written by Agatha Christie, definitely her best piece of work.  She creates outstanding characters and makes it so the ending comes out completely unexpected.  The ending was great and the  letter written by Justice Wargrave was a brilliant way to tie up all the  loose ends in the story.  I recommend this book to any Agatha Christie fan  and to any person who enjoys a good mystery.
0446677450|5.0|The content is a wonderful eye-opener for the average professional, middle class person like myself.  The writing itself is not nobel-prize worthy, but it can definitely be overlooked because the content and motivations are  so clear and simple.<br />Other reviewers may complain that this book states  the obvious: buy assets (real estate, investments, etc), reduce liabilities  and expenses, pay yourself first, and most importantly: THINK!  These ARE  obvious things, but that's the problem.  <br />They are obvious rules to live  by, but I for one never heard these rules in my house or in my schools.  I,  for one, am soooo grateful a friend recommended this book.  I was already  financially stable, but now I have focus and new ideas.  <br />If nothing  else, read this book for the ideas it will generate for you!
B00003CWRX|5.0|This film, based on the true story of the Big-Tobacco whistleblower, is excellent. At the same time that it accurately portrays the key players of the story, it also creates a great cinematic atmosphere. Also, it gives a  great view into how the power system of our country really works- its not  all governed by &quot;fair play&quot;. No longer can the different parties  involved make claims and hide behind innacurate facts- this movie  impartially tells it all, from the character smear attempts and the death  threats by the Tobacco companies, to the hypocritical producers of 60  Minutes.<br />The performances in this film are also great- as Jeffrey Wigand,  Russell Crowe does excellently, a truly realistic portrayal of &quot;The  Insider&quot;. Al Pacino's performance as Lowell Bergman (a 60 minutes  producer) is also believable, and he really develops his character well.  None of the acting is superficial- it all conveys very well exactly who the  characters were, how they felt.<br />This movie is right up there with the  other great films to appear recently, such as &quot;American Beauty&quot;  and &quot;The Green Mile&quot;. Everyone should see this great film- it'll  change the way you think about our nation's system forever.
0312111827|4.0|The Schlegel sisters are interested in the arts and in the more idealistic liberal social movements of their early 20th century world. The Wilcoxes are practical and materialistic. There seems to be little in common between  the two families, but not even a highly embarrassing early amorous  encounter can keep them apart. Poor Leonard Bast is as idealistic as the  Schlegels, but encumbered by an unloved wife with a shady past, he has not  their financial means to avoid dealing with the practicalities of life.  Caught between the two factions, he eventually is crushed. Only Margaret  Schlegel is finally strong enough to bridge the gap between the practical  and the ideal by exerting her benevolent humanity, her passionate and yet  controlled determination that people must &quot;connect.&quot;HOWARDS END  is a minor masterpiece, capturing perfectly the conflict between rigid  Victorian values and the more free and open changes in the turbulent years  before World War I. Forster handles his characters with great sensitivity  and sympathy, yet with a subtle and skillful irony. The novel is not  intended for rapid reading, but there is a felicity of expression that is  an ample reward for careful perusal. Less fastidious than Henry James, not  quite the equal of Trollope in characterization, a more subtle stylist than  William Dean Howells, Forster combines some of the best elements of all  three of these social chroniclers in an important work that is both highly  personal and universal in scope.
B0000203Y5|5.0|This is a beautiful documentary of some superb (and mostly forgotten) Cuban musicians. Ry Cooder has outdone himself with this project. I truly enjoyed getting a glimpse into these people's lives through their music and  their country. Seeing this video really helped me to appreciate the Buena  Vista Social Club CDs even more. Add this to Wim Wender's collection of  great films.
B000000W5N|5.0|THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST CD`S,IF NOT THE BEST THAT THE ROLLING STONES EVER MADE.GREAT MICK TAYLOR ERA STONES CD.EVERY CD THEY MADE WITH MICK TAYLOR WAS EXCELLENT.THIS HAS GREAT SONGS BROWN SUGAR AND WILD HORSES.THIS IS A  MUST HAVE FOR ANY STONES FAN AND IS A CD THAT WILL FIND IT`S WAY INTO YOUR  CD PLAYER ALOT.I WOULD HAVE TO SAY THIS WAS RECORDED DURING THE CREATIVE  PEAK OF THE STONES CAREER.THIS CD EARNS A 5 STAR RATING.
0783244320|5.0|If you are a sci fi fan, this comedy should be on your shelf.   It is now one of my favorites.  I hope they come out with a sequel.
B000005HO0|3.0|Well lets me make this very clear: This is very bad quality, like i said in another review, it sounds like someone placed a tape recorder in the bathroom and made it an album. anyways, its a good album but if you have De  Mystris and Deathcrush, its not really worth it unless you like live albums  alot. i personaly like it cause it has Dead On vocals which is a great.  after this, get the much better quality Mendiaulem(? i dont know the  spelling)Capta Est. MayheM!
B00000ILDE|5.0|Aliens is certainly a different film than Alien was.  Alien was a very dark and claustrophobic film with not alot of action but alot of suspense. Aliens tries a different aproach and it works just as well.<br />No longer is  it a crew being hunted down one by one on a little spaceship.  This time  there is awhole planet filled with these nasty things.  It's no longer  about trying to kill the alien becuase there are just too many.  The film  instead thrusts the characters into this hellish world and the only thing  they want to do is get out of there.<br />Sigourney Weaver, Michael Biehn,  Paul Rieser, and Bill Paxton all do excellent jobs in their roles and make  the characters memorable and interesting.<br />This is a great movie and it's  a shame the that series took such dramatic turn for the worse after it.
0790729989|3.0|It goes without saying that the movie is awesome, you can read the other reviews here to find that out. But this DVD edition of Seven is pretty lackluster. You get a trailer, and worst of all - you get to get up and  flip the disc half-way through the movie. My advice: hold off and wait for  the 2-disc special edition that New Line and director David Fincher are  currently working on for release somewhere down the line...
B0000004V2|5.0|This album completely took me by surprise. I was looking atNME's top 100 albums of all time, and they had this british group, TheStone Roses, self titled album listed as #5. I just had to know who these guys were, so i listened to a few samples on Amazon. It was Elephant Stone that hooked me.  I ordered it instantly, and four weeks later, im about to buy my second copy. I cannot stop listening to this cd. From the opener, \\"I Wanna Be Adored\\", you are instantly drawn in. Top tracks include: #1,2,3,4,5,6,7... ok so all of them are amazing. What i dont understand is why this group didnt get more recognition here. I guess America has just become too obsessed with teen-bop groups and gangsta-rap, and thats a shame. Millions of people are missing out on a truly great [dare i say masterpiece?] Do your senses a favor and buy this amazing album.  END
B00000IMTG|5.0|&quot;made in japan&quot; and &quot;strangers in the night&quot;! i saw rainbow on the &quot;long live rock n roll&quot; tour, and they played almost this whole album! they we're larger than life, i mean this is as  close as it gets to being there! i can close my eyes and it's 1978 again  and they're painting tapestries with the words and music of songs like  &quot;sixteen century greensleeves&quot; and &quot;catch the rainbow&quot;.  and this is a supergroup if i've ever heard one! cozy powell (r.i.p.) jimmy  bain, ronnie dio, tony carey...ritchie blackmore didn't put up with any  slouches, that's for sure! i recommend it highly!
B00003CXB6|1.0|This is a very silly movie.How silly?Well,for a start the heroes are directly responsible for everyones deaths.Firstly,they cause their friend's death when they kidnap a baby T-Rex to put a cast on it's broken leg(were  they coming back to take it off?).this causes the baby's mother to come  after them and eat their friend.They then sabotage the camp which causes  all the others deaths!And it doesn't matter how many people get  eaten,nobody fires one single shot at the dinosaurs,even when one T-Rex  rampages through a city.Are they supposed to be bullet-proof or something?  No,this is a  very silly movie.It makes no sense at all.How this got good  reviews and Godzilla bad ones is absurd.
0800177177|5.0|I went to see Bram Stokers Dracula when it first came out in the cinema. It is the best film I have ever seen, everyone says its just another Dracula movie but they are wrong, Francis Ford Coppola did a fantastic job  in re-creating this story as this film is about the real dracula and the  story of what really happened. It is very indepth and that what makes it so  different to other dracula movies. I would recommend this film to everyone  who loves Dracula movies. I have just bought it on DVD and I would not be  without my DVD player now I have one because the difference between video  and DVD is incredible, everyone should have one.
B00003CXAT|5.0|This is one of my favorite Spielberg movies.  Aside from the great special effects(even 7 years later) and excellent score, the movie is still very suspensful and imaginative.  <br />Some people have compared Jurrasic Park to  Jaws.  I think this is fair but I find that Jurrassic Park has far more  interesting characters and is a more enjoyable film.
1572522232|4.0|one of the best argento movies after tenebre and phenomena.
B000002UJQ|5.0|I don't believe Radiohead can in future create something comparable to OK Computer.  If they do I would call them the best band in the World.  This album is a masterpiece and a sound response to those who claim that all  interesting in Rock'n Roll was created in 60's and 70's.  In 10, 20  or 50  year time people will recall this record along with &quot;Dark Side of the  Moon&quot; or &quot;Aqualung&quot;.  I simply don't understand reviewers  who marked only 3 or even 1 stars.  I don't want to offend anybody but if  you didn't like this album this means that you do not like Rock music at  all.  In that case I don't see a reason why you decided to write a review.   'Cause I'm never gonna write a review for Backstreet Boys. Nothing in the  world will make me write a review for a style of music I dont like.<br />As to  the music on &quot;OK&quot; - I am not afraid of being too emotional - it's  the BEUATY by itself.  Real music lovers will understand that sooner or  later.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|...to play the loudest metal!  jeez, what can i say that hasn't already been said? this album just reinforces my belief that maiden is a classic metal band that stands right beside sabbath, purple, and ufo as one of the  greats! i've listened to this album about fifty times now and it's just one  of those that you never get sick of. i must admit that i'd all but lost  faith in maiden a few albums ago...(after powerslave) but  &quot;brave new  world&quot; fully restored it! buy it now or when you do you'll regret that  you didn't get it sooner!
0060254939|5.0|In my opinion...this is one of the best children's books ever written. The story as well as the illustrations are first rate and absolutely timeless.  I have never met a child who did not love this book to death. Every family  needs a hardback to copy to love and read time and time again (which I  guarentee you will). I have so many memories attatched to this story ... I  can't say enough about it. So again I repeat - BUY THIS BOOK FOR YOUR  CHILDREN! (or anyone who needs more wild things in there life).
0800177177|5.0|I went to see Bram Stokers Dracula when it first came out in the cinema. It is the best film I have ever seen, everyone says its just another Dracula movie but they are wrong, Francis Ford Coppola did a fantastic job  in re-creating this story as this film is about the real dracula and the  story of what really happened. It is very indepth and that what makes it so  different to other dracula movies. I would recommend this film to everyone  who loves Dracula movies. I have just bought it on DVD and I would not be  without my DVD player now I have one because the difference between video  and DVD is incredible, everyone should have one.
B00000ILE7|3.0|As a fan of the first two Alien films I was a little disapointed by Alien 3.<br />On the up side, the film proves to be tense and claustrophobic as the first one and manages to be pretty scary too.<br />The real problem is the  script.  The basic set up is just bad.  Riply has crashed on a prisson  world and is the only survivor.  In other words, all the hell she went  through in Aliens was for nothing becuase everyone is dead.  As if this  weren't depressing enough, everyone else are either murderers or very nasty  gaurds.  There is really no one to identify with and you don't really care  what happens anymore.<br />Alien 3 isn't a bad film but it's not on par with  the first two films.
1572522232|4.0|one of the best argento movies,after tenebre and phenomena.
B00000JCOV|3.0|These guys have tried to make much noise and  tear our ears with their screams, and that is what they have actually got. And they do that in quite a fine way: they sound strong and rageous, the recipe has a slight  originality. But I have also two negative feelings: I have heard those  lyrics anywhere else; in addition, I think that this record would have been  much better if they had not tried to sound so aggresive. They have good  capabilities, but...
0790730960|5.0|This in one of best batman film yet. Burton captures the dark gotham mood, psychologically powerful Batman and the villains perfectly in the first and second Batman movies.<br />More true to the comic series than the last two  kiddie batman movies.
B00004THAY|1.0|When people ask me, &quot;As a musician, who is *your* favorite musician?&quot;, I always say &quot;Eric Clapton.&quot;  I've spent many happy hours listening to and seeing live the great B.B. King.  So, with  much excitement, I put this CD on and listened all the way through it.  My  first thought went back to the words of Frank Zappa - &quot;Shut up and  play yer guitar.&quot; Lots of vocals, and very little of the killer solos  and fiery interplay that I thought I would hear. <br />OK, I thought, I'll  give it another chance and go back and listen just to the guitars.  Nothing  special.  A few OK solos from both, to some very weak interplay.  To me, it  was a huge letdown from what I'd expected from these two giants. <br />At 73+  years of age, we're not going to hear B.B. King breaking any new ground,  but it would have been nice to hear the excitement and spark that he showed  in the terrific &quot;Live at San Quentin&quot; just a couple years ago.   Teaming up with Clapton in the studio just did not seem to do it. <br />For  all his extraordinary talent, and I personally believe Eric Clapton is the  best guitar player in the world, he has proven again that he can be a lazy  musician when he chooses to do so.  His playing and singing are uninspired  on this recording.  In his first solo on &quot;Save The Poor&quot;, the  tone of his guitar is so thin and the musical ideas so weak that it is  almost unrecognizable as Clapton.  <br />Save your money - better yet, buy  Clapton's &quot;From The Cradle&quot; CD and listen to &quot;Five Long  Years&quot; if you want to hear what one of the world's greatest musicians  can do when he's inspired. <br />What could have been one for the ages will go  on the shelf next to Paul McCartney and Stevie Wonder's &quot;Ebony and  Ivory.&quot;
B00003CXB6|2.0|I liked the first Jurrassic Park alot and had high hopes for this film.  Unfortunatly none of them were met.<br />To begin with the characters in this film don't have any of the charm that the ones in the first film did.  To  begin with Malcom, played by Jeff Goldblum, is no longer sarcastic and  amusing.  Instead he has become boring and whiny and puts a big damper on  everything.  Even worse is his girlfriend played by Julianne Moore.   Supposedly she is one of the best scientists in the country but in the  opening scene we see her walk up to a baby stegosaurus and start petting  it.  Even though she is such a great scientist it never seems to dawn on  her that this will cause the parents to attack her and so Malcom has to  come to the rescue.  Also along for the ride is Malcom's daughter who just  happened to sneek aboard this very secret expidition and also constantly  gets into trouble(what else are kids and girlfriends for in movies?).  As  bad as these characters are, they are no match for the moronic hunter who  comes along so he can kill a T-Rex.<br />The lousy dialogue doesn't help much  either and the whole plot is pretty contrived and boring.  At one point a  raptor is about to get Malcom so his daughter(who was cut from the  gymnastics team) leaps onto some girders, does several flips, and then  kicks the raptor out the window.  Even cornier is when a T-Rex goes  rampaging through New York.  <br />As bad as this movie is, it shows that any  film with a large buget and decent director can have it's bright spots.   Spielberg does a good job with most of the action scenes and some still  prove to be very tense.  Also the special effects are excellent and the  dinosaurs have alot more character than any of the actors.<br />The Lost World  could have been great but it wasn't.
B00000DHZJ|5.0|Normally, I don't support the idea of people putting out greatest hits cds, especially when people do it for a late artist who might not have agreed to the concept had they been alive.  However, for people on a  limited budget who can only have one Jimi Hendrix cd this is the one for  you.  Every major song he did is here covering Jimi as the best rocker of  the 60s and Jimi as an above-average bluesman.  It seems that all of the  greatest hit cds coming out (flooding the market actually) from Hendrix are  always missing something.  I was pleasantly surprised here.  If you're  looking for purple haze, all along the watchtower, voodoo child, and the  star-spangled banner and you want it all on one cd, then this is for you.
B00003CX95|5.0|Personally this was the most blood filling heart taking movie since Cleopatra starring Elizabeth Taylor. This was smart and breath taking from all the scenery that was placed into the film. This was the, number one  film Mel Gibson has been.
0375411550|5.0|This is not an easy read.  This is not an everything-will-be-ok-in-the-end read.  So why read this book?  To change your viewpoint, challenge your usual responses to life events and illuminate hidden prejudice.  I read  this book first in 1984 and it had a huge impact on my view of beauty and  hatred.  This book vividly illustrates the dangers of human superiority -  feeling better than your neighbor because you're richer or prettier or more  &quot;religious&quot;.
0393317552|4.0|Jared Diamond is no genius, but his argument is coherent, convincing, and timely.  He brings scientific expertise and outside perspectives from the realms of botany, zoology, geography, and anthropology to the field of  history.  The theory of environmental determinism which he generally  supports is nothing new, and many have elaborated on it before, but his  global scope and willingness to reach back into prehistory for evidence is  commendable.  A very readable and important book, but with a mediocre  writing style and a somewhat sloppy and unfocused structure, I don't  believe it deserved the Pulitzer prize.  Read it anyway if you have little  background in history.
0151001820|4.0|Like the Flanders Panel (by the same author), The Club Dumas has an original, engrossing story line but a terribly unsatisfying climax.  For the first 300 pages I was immersed in the suspenseful plot only to be left  hanging by the final 60 pages.  I never quite understood who the girl was  and how she tied into the story, and some of the characters actions were a  little extreme and hard to accept based on the how the Dumas manuscript  plot is resolved.  The other plot line, The Nine Doors, is never resolved  to my liking, and is horribly anti-climatic.<br />The author does a good job  developing his characters, and even the extraneous people the protagonist  meets added depth to the novel.  The backdrop of old and original books,  and the buyers and sellers who inhabit such was very interesting and gave  the book just the right atmosphere.<br />Consequently, the build-up, the cast  of characters, the wild tangents, and original plot make the book an  engrossing read.  Maybe, the author could find a collaborator, like Dumas  had in The Club Dumas, to close out his fascinating tales with equally  fascinating endings.  Then the book would rate five stars.
B00003CXDV|4.0|Invite your friends (with or without kids), pop some corn, turn on the bigscreen and pop this into the DVD and at the end, everyone will be chuckling gleefully.  I know this sounds like a publicist's blurb, but  trust me, this one delivers.  And it's good enough for  re-watching.<br />Ingenious premise, great cast, comedy, pathos, fine F/X,  happy endng, no profanity (despite some intense dialogue, none needed) and  the delicious Alan Rickman.  Is he playing against type?  It's hard to say,  except that he's perfect as a sort of Shakespearian Mr. Spock manqu&eacute;.  In  fact, it's fun to see the Star Trek crew - both generations - skewered by  proxy here.<br />Most everything is right with this movie, though I do have a  couple of quibbles about plausability with couple of scenes (Yes, with a  premise this implausable, I quibble about plausability.) but Galaxy Quest  is such an enjoyable that I rate it a solid 4 stars.
B00000IOSU|5.0|This is the first CD of Sarah's I ever bought, and the musical gifts and talents she can put forth in her music is inspiring.  If an Angel was to fly down from heaven and hold you in a time of grieving the loss of a loved  one, I would imagine the comfort and compassion would be much the same.  If  you are a critic of the crowd noise, I suggest relax.  The CD is a gift of  musical talent passionately expressed with love, tenderness, and humility.
B000006ZL4|4.0|I have seen this name popping up every once in a while so I decided to give it a spin to see if it was all that people had claimed (progressive metal was the claim).  While I don't think it fits that bill as well as  Dream Theater does and IMHO the musicianship is lower quality, the fact  remains that if you like good heavy music like Dream Theater then you will  probably like this album.  I would classify it as being a neoclassical  speed metal album instead of a progressive album (similar to Stratovarius).   There are some progressive moments but nothing similar to the masterpiece  that is Metropolis Pt. 2 by Dream Theater.  Just having a long song on the  album doesn't get you there by itself.<br />I really do like the album, I just  think it has been overhyped a bit by the Symphony X'ers.  There are some  really good guitar riffs on it, and the production quality is quite good.   Michael Romeo has a really good crunchy sound going (similar to Images and  Words but with more bass).  All in all, a definite recommended buy for DT  fans.  I am planning on picking up the rest of their albums.
B00004SCX6|2.0|Britney Spears is a great entertainer.  Britney has great, catchy pop/dance tunes and many of them are top-notch, state-of-the-art funky hits.  In Britney's 2nd CD, there are 4 main contenders for top chart  action:  OOPS!...I Did It Again, WHAT YOU SEE IS WHAT YOU GET, STRONGER,  and SATISFACTION.  A few of the other tunes are pretty catchy, too.  But  her ballads are too syrupy to handle.  So you gotta take this CD for what  it's worth:  It's where pop/dance music is at this time.  Britney may not  have as much vocal ability as her contemporary, Christina Aguilera, but  Britney's a great entertainer.  If you enjoyed this CD, be sure to check  out DEBORAH GIBSON who has a brand new CD coming out this Fall and a brand  new single titled WHAT YOU WANT (the Industry Bible, BILLBOARD magazine, is  already touting WHAT YOU WANT to be a mega-hit for the summer/fall season).   DEBORAH GIBSON's new CD combines amazing vocals with great songs and  innovative production &amp; arrangement.  What Britney lacks in singing  ability, she makes up in her dancing.  Another thing going for Britney  right now is that she has great, catchy songs and state-of-the-art  production/mixing.  Of course, that can only last you for so long and can  only take you so far.  But enjoy it like candy, and when it's gone...it was  sweet and fun.
B00000DMJF|5.0|This album, simply said, is an incredible achievement.  While not as focused as some of the earlier albums (ie Rubber Soul, Sgt. Peppers), it is in my opinion The Beatles most complex work.  In no other album will you  experience such a wide array of sub melodies, orchestrations, and other  contrasting pieces of music within the same work.  For any Beatles fan this  is a must, and for anyone interested in classic pop this is also essential.
B00000BKE0|5.0|Song public enema number 1 is great.Know what amazes me .Is on the tribute album(maiden fans check it out) a call to the irons pt 2 .Is that king fowley of october 31 sounds just like Bruce singing.The song holy smoke is  funny I get the biggest kick out of this song.  UP THE IRONS.
0767903854|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed Brysons latest effort, as a reader you just glide through it ,it's definately a page turner, to my mind it is his best to date. He captures the flavour of Australia in a witty and informative way. My one regret is that he didn't write more about Perth and Western  Australia. He wasted an afternoon walking around the 'Rich and Famous'  addresses of the affluent Peppermint Grove suburb achieving little more  than sunburn and aching feet. A trip to Fremantle Prison (built with  convict labour) with its rich and colourful history would have been a far  better source of material.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Get it today .Experience maiden.This cd is great.Kinda reminds me of the somewhere in time days.With the three guitarist now.I like the song ghost of the navigator the best.Do get this today.This band is prime example of a  true metal band.Yes there are some true metal bands left Iron Maiden is one  of them bands. 10 stars for this cd and no less. It is just that  good.AMazed me.I been into death metal along time.I seen the video for the  wickerman on vh-1.I said now this is the kinda metal I remember.I got it  right away .Glad I did.
B000002USN|3.0|This album contains good songs and Frank at 78 sounded OK.  Phrasing was GREAT; the voice was giving then again he is almost 78 on here.  I actually liked the songs on DUETS II better as they kick more. WORST PART:  The  sound mixing is lousy.  The bass is too loud, the drums are too quiet and u  can't hear the rhythm guitar.  Also, whole band sounds so plastic..u can  hear each instrument but they don't blend.  Someone outta slap Phil Ramone  over the head.
B00000BKDV|5.0|My fave song of maiden's on this disc is Revelations.Reason being.On the live after death album.Before they sing the full song.Bruce says something bout fredrick remington.Which I think is neat.Cause I am from the town  where the fredrick remington home is was its a remington museum now.I just  love revelations one the greatest songs of all times.Also another one I  love it the trooper and flight of icarus.Flight of Icarus is such a sad  song..up the irons for the greatest heavy metal band ever Iron Maiden.
6305558167|4.0|This movie does not follow the original telling of the King Arthur legend very well, but, it is one of the most visually stunning movies since Blade Runner, and the music (by Wagner) is wonderful.  If you enjoy fantasy or  romance then this movie is for you.
B00000BKE1|5.0|Fear of the dark is a great album.Despite how some may feel.I see great musicianship on all the songs.The fugitive,Judas be my guide,be quick or be dead,hell is from here to eternity.Wonderful album.The song wasting love is  a excellent song as well.Must check this out.Great artwork on the front  cover.
B000002UV1|5.0|Never Too Soon To Be Through. Being Cool Too Much To Soon. To Much For Me Too Much For You. You're Gonna Lose In Time. Every Turn Looking Burn. Some Never Learn And Learn. Stop Searching For A Curse. Before You End Up In A  Hearse. Don't Be Afraid To Show Your Friends. That You Hurt Inside Inside.  Pain's Part Of Life Don't Hide Behind You False Pride. It's A Lie For Your  Lie. Don't Slip Away And Don't Forget. I'll Give You More Than You Get.  It's So Lonley When Don't Even Know.<br />Yourself Come To Me.<br />That's How  The Song Goes From Track-6 From The Song Called &quot;Knock Me Down&quot;
B00004SCX6|1.0|The current state of music just became worse.  I was forced into listening to this album yesterday and I wanted to run screaming.  There is no substance behind the lyrics, or the singer.  Spears has sex appeal and,  well, that's about it.  There is no true staying power in this girl.  Ten  years from now no one will know of her and no one will care either.  Save  yourself some money and sanity by finding something with some artistic  merit.  To even call Britney Spears an artist is an insult to all of us who  write our own music.
B000002TP7|5.0|How Are You Gonna Kick It? Gonna Kick My Root Down. That Is How The Song Goes From Track #5
0312243022|5.0|This book was obviously written with great care, \\"not forced into existence like a chicken that goes from egg to slaughter with its feet never touching the ground,\\" like many of today's best sellers.  This is one  of the best books I've read this year.  Michael Cunningham is a God.
0780628551|4.0|I rented this film without much in the way of expectations.  I am not a big sci-fi fan and even less of a horror fan, I was prepared to be  underwhelmed.  In fact, I was extremely impressed, not with the story, but  with the filmmaking, particularly the direction by Rand Ravich.<br />The story  was a patchwork of a lot of different worn out sci-fi themes.  There was  the &quot;alien takes over the human&quot; theme, the &quot;alien dwells  among us&quot; theme and of course, &quot;the evil baby gestating in the  good and pure mother&quot; theme.  Suffice it to say that this wasn't fresh  material.  But let's be honest.  How many stories are really fresh  material?  Why are we suckers for the same old romantic comedy storylines  again and again and yet we expect that sci-fi must be completely novel to  be good?<br />What is outstanding about this film is the suspense.  I haven't  seen a film that was so effective as a suspense film in quite some time.   It was effective because of daring use of the camera by Ravich that  visually left me begging for relief in scene after scene.  Actually, if  there is any criticism of this film it is the fact that the suspense was  too well done.  It wears the viewer out without sufficient mental rest  stops.<br />Ravich's use of extreme close ups, wide angle shots, rapid camera  movements, odd perspectives, and tight sets produces a sense of relentless  suspense that made me want jump into the screen and yell at the characters.   For some, this was probably overwhelming and tedious.  It seems that  viewers today want pace, novelty and surprises.  Yes, we knew Spencer  (Johnny Depp) was now an alien.  Yes, we knew that Jillian (Charlize  Theron) had alien babies growing inside her.  What we didn't know was what  she was going to do about it and what he was going to do about her.  So I  thought the story was ultimately effective in achieving its  goal...thrilling suspense.<br />What this film lacked was a hideous monster  and a lot ofblood and gore.  This is why it wasn't popular in my opinion  because these are staples of today's mass market viewer.  This is the very  reason I thought it was excellent because it produced fear and  anticipation, not by what was seen, but by what was unseen.<br />From an  acting perspective, this was a shining moment for Charlize Theron.  This  was a very demanding film for a female lead and she handled it like a pro.   Her part demanded a full range of emotions from sweet adoring wife to the  terror of a caged animal and she delivered the most complete performance  I've seen from her to date.  As a matter of fact, Theron so controlled the  screen that Johnny Depp didn't really have much to do except give the  occasional menacing look.<br />I'm going to buck the tide with this one and  give it an 8/10.  This film was about style.  It failed to deliver the  obvious and this elusiveness made it unique among all the weird science  fiction rip-them-to-shreds hack movies that jam the video store shelves.   And that's what I liked most about it.
B000003TAR|5.0|\\"I miss the comfort in being sad,\\" Kurt Cobain grovels harshly on the excellent mid-tempo rocker, \\"Frances Farmer Will Have Her Revenge on Seattle,\\" a sparse and raw tune that typifies the overall sound of \\"In Utero.\\" Cobain and company establish a rougher-edged sound right away on \\"In Utero,\\" rawer than the previous [[ASIN:B000003TA4 Nevermind]] album, though not as raw as the band's debut, [[ASIN:B0000035E7 Bleach]], perhaps somewhere in between. The chorus to \\"Serve the Servants,\\" the opening song, is as catchy as any previous Nirvana tune, just somewhat more plodding and low key. Inescapable from this great disc is the slower, thicker, even woodsy sound that may not grab a hold of listeners like the previous album so overwhelmingly did.<br /><br />Future Foo Fighter Dave Grohl contributes the over-the-top Sabbath-like riff to \\"Scentless Apprentice,\\" as Cobain howls the chorus meant to scare all his fans away. Needless to say, this is not a happy album. The lyrics are cynical, isolated and sad, though there are tiny moments of inspiration. The dark feel to \\"In Utero\\" was likely created in response to \\"Nevermind's\\" sparkling, rip-roaring introduction into the 1990s that sounds highly fan-friendly in comparison. The slow-paced \\"Dumb\\" from \\"In Utero\\" perhaps could have been a radio hit, but the lyrics are simply too depressing, probably best left for true Nirvana fans; the same holds true for the Pollyesque \\"PennyRoyal Tea.\\"<br /><br />On the faster side of things, \\"Very Ape\\" is a catchy and vibrant rocker that reveals Cobain's belief in reincarnation. \\"Milk It\\" possesses the incomparable formula that Cobain made famous and classic -- start soft and then knock listeners over later with a huge screaming chorus. No one else could properly replicate or match that formula, though too many bands tried. For my money, \\"Radio Friendly Unit Shifter\\" is the album's top song; listening to Cobain grovel \\"What is wrong with me?\\" over and over seems to fit the tone of \\"In Utero.\\" \\"Tourette's\\" is as quick and punk as it gets, a properly named ditty that comes and goes before you know what hit you.<br /><br />Kurt Cobain was simply incapable of writing bad songs or screwing around with fluffy music. He left this world a winner, making \\"In Utero\\" on his own terms. It's truly a guitar, bass and drums rock album -- no extra frills like backup singers, keyboards, overly used strings or an extra rhythm guitar to mix with Cobain's lead. There are no trappings of the rich and famous rock band overdoing things in the studio. As far as the recording, Steve Albini did a great job getting the raw sound Cobain requested, with no extra juice to the vocals. Additionally, Dave Grohl's  drums throughout the record are thumping and fantastic.<br /><br />No disrespect meant, but Cobain was far from a man at peace with himself and the world. \\"In Utero\\" is not for the faint of heart or for people who want Nirvana spoon fed to them. Yet, if you want to hear truly genuine, no-nonsense music that is more riveting each time you sink your teeth into it, give \\"In Utero\\" a try.<br /><br />\\"Find your place/speak the truth.\\" -- Kurt Cobain on \\"Radio Friendly Unit Shifter\\"e's\\" is as quick and punk as it gets, a properly named ditty that comes and goes before you know what hit you.      Kurt Cobain was simply incapable of writing bad songs or screwing around with fluffy music. He left this world a winner, making \\"In Utero\\" on his own terms. It's truly a guitar, bass and drums rock album -- no extra frills like backup singers, keyboards, overly used strings or an extra rhythm guitar to mix with Cobain's lead. There are no trappings of the rich and famous rock band overdoing things in the studio. As far as the recording, Steve Albini did a great job getting the raw sound Cobain requested, with no extra juice to the vocals. Additionally, Dave Grohl's  drums throughout the record are thumping and fantastic.        No disrespect meant, but Cobain was far from a man at peace with himself and the world. \\"In Utero\\" is not for the faint of heart or for people who want Nirvana spoon fed to them. Yet, if you want to hear truly genuine, no-nonsense music that is more riveting each time you sink your teeth into it, give \\"In Utero\\" a try.          \\"Find your place/speak the truth.\\" -- Kurt Cobain on \\"Radio Friendly Unit Shifter\\"
6305903182|5.0|A new horror film in production... a murder that rings out over the foothills of Hollywood... and a past, that can't be ignored....<br />    After years of hiding from the very things that feared her the most, Sidney  Prescott has learned that the only way to save the cast and crew of the  horror film that depicts her dramatic life, is to join them all in a  horrorific return... to Woodsboro.     But the past holds many keys, and  the return of someone she thought was lost forever-and the secret she never  knew exsisted.     &quot;'Scream 3' is a terror-ride of a film worthy of  the silver screen...&quot;
B000002OXU|5.0|\\"Who's Next\\" is the epitome of what constitutes a \\"classic\\" record in the annals of rock and roll history. The complex, yet radio-familiar, intro to \\"Baba O' Riley\\" sounds fresh today and could be the soundtrack to anyone's life -- that's how universal this album is. Roger Daltrey possesses full, hearty vocals that command attention in some songs, while his higher register and more tender side shines through elsewhere, like on the otherwise rough-sounding \\"Bargain.\\" \\"Love Ain't For Keepin'\\" has a Rolling Stones vibe that would do Mick and Keith proud, and like the Stones, The Who often boast a big and bad sound that's equally thrilling in large stadiums and at the local pub down the street. Hats off to John  Entwistle's wide-ranging vocals on \\"My Wife,\\" plus his instrumentation on \\"brass parts,\\" bass and piano. Speaking of piano, it's noticeably outstanding all throughout the record, as on the intro to \\"Gettin' In Tune,\\" an arena-ready sing-a-long ballad that lifts gradually at the chorus.<br /><br />Nothing on the CD, though, tops the the epic \\"Won't Get Fooled Again.\\" From the moment the rubbery keyboards start fluttering away at the beginning, the song becomes a sonic journey. At over 8 minutes long, with three verses, a few guitar and keyboard interludes, and a culminating grand finale that features Daltrey's piercing scream, this song seems to have it all figured out (thus, it's perfectly named). All in all, these straightforward tunes take no subsequent listenings to get accustomed to, as is the case with many other albums; they're familiar upon first hearing. It's hard not to note the tremendous influence The Who have had throughout the years, and this album hearkens back to an astoundingly fresh era of music.
0451160916|5.0|In my humble opinion this along with IT is Stephen King's masterpiece. The story is pretty simple. In it Jack Torrance, a recovering alcoholic, moves to the Overlook Hotel to be its caretaker over the winter. He takes his  wife Wendy and his five year old Danny. He is in King's own words a shiner  i.e. someone who is full of psychic energy. During the cause of the book  the family gets cut off and Jack becomes frightening attached to the hotel.  We also learn about the Overlook's unsavoury<br />history. King manages to  weave some truly terrifying experiences in to the story. He manages to rise  the hair on the back of your hair again and again. The high point for me  occurs when Danny goes to room 217. Don't read this one alone. It was made  in to a film starring Jack Nicholson and directed by Stanley Kubrick.
B000001E18|5.0|U2 forged ahead and willingly stretched out its sound even more on \\"Zooropa,\\" having a little fun in the process. The album is mostly more carefree than past work, though the studio-manufactured sounds were surely expensive. Undoubtedly, it's appealing to hear U2 play simple, electronically tinged tunes like \\"Baby Face\\" and \\"Numb\\" with an un-ironic face.<br /><br />The title track sets the mood, foreboding, cautious, quiet and atmospheric, with soft piano and strange background noises leading the way. Gradually, \\"Zooropa\\" grows into a well-bloomed flower, sure of itself and flowing. It begins soothing and ethereal, only to turn passionate in a way that's unique to Bono: \\"And I have no purpose/And I have no religion,\\" he sings longingly at one point. \\"What am I hiding from?\\" he wails fiercely, wonderingly in another stanza.<br /><br />\\"Zooropa\\" may represent U2 at the apex of the band's experimental phase, and it seemed to come natural to the foursome. They were headed in this direction anyway after [[ASIN:B000001DTM Achtung Baby]]'s release in 1991, and \\"Zooropa\\" only puts an exclamation on what was already a remarkable and ever-changing career to that point. The gooey-sounding \\"Lemon\\" is also cool material, peppered with wavy synthesizers, Bono's impressively wide-ranging vocals, a beautiful piano interlude in spots and good backing vocals by The Edge and Brian Eno. This was pop music at a higher level than most bands, complete with top-notch production and even musical ideas that challenged.<br /><br />\\"Stay (Faraway, So Close!)\\" is a beautiful if overly dramatic movie soundtrack-type song that somehow worked, even if its hungover vibe was a bit out of place in the middle of Zooropa's space-age sounds. Check out the cool tin can drums by Larry Mullen Jr. on \\"Daddy's Gonna Pay for Your Crashed Car.\\" The mundane subjects on this tune and the following one, \\"Some Days are Better Than Others,\\" were kind of a new form of expression from U2 at this point, while \\"The First Time\\" and \\"Dirty Day\\" were much more somber and reflective, actually reminiscent of past U2 work: \\"First Time\\" is a gentle, quiet song with touching lyrics by Bono; \\"Dirty Day\\" features a dark and lingering bass line that resonates throughout.<br /><br />\\"Zooropa\\" is elegantly capped off by the perfectly sung Johnny Cash tune, \\"The Wanderer,\\" with Bono's sublimely reflective lyrics paving the way. Cash's baritone somehow naturally mixes with the synth and background loops around him. The lyrics of the song have a rustic, old-fashioned feel, while the music is sparse but modern, as if Cash is walking around in the desert talking to himself, while Bono is respectfully tailing him twenty feet back, providing high-pitched background vocals at times. In my opinion, it was pure genius to include Cash on the CD.<br /><br />Overall, the music on \\"Zooropa\\" feels a bit like the direction the Smashing Pumpkins took on their later work, using guitars as if they were synthesizers and attempting to put rock music in another stratosphere. For an album recorded spontaneously and on the fly (no Bono pun intended there), this is an amazing piece of work.y\\" were much more somber and reflective, actually reminiscent of past U2 work: \\"First Time\\" is a gentle, quiet song with touching lyrics by Bono; \\"Dirty Day\\" features a dark and lingering bass line that resonates throughout.    \\"Zooropa\\" is elegantly capped off by the perfectly sung Johnny Cash tune, \\"The Wanderer,\\" with Bono's sublimely reflective lyrics paving the way. Cash's baritone somehow naturally mixes with the synth and background loops around him. The lyrics of the song have a rustic, old-fashioned feel, while the music is sparse but modern, as if Cash is walking around in the desert talking to himself, while Bono is respectfully tailing him twenty feet back, providing high-pitched background vocals at times. In my opinion, it was pure genius to include Cash on the CD.     Overall, the music on \\"Zooropa\\" feels a bit like the direction the Smashing Pumpkins took on their later work, using guitars as if they were synthesizers and attempting to put rock music in another stratosphere. For an album recorded spontaneously and on the fly (no Bono pun intended there), this is an amazing piece of work.
B0000029AP|5.0|This along with its 1976 follow-up Rocks marks Aerosmith's creative peak. The album had three classic tracks, but it also contains some minor classic. This album contains the track which is associated most often with  aerosmith walk this way. This tale of lost virginity is aerosmith with at  its very best. The chorus will haunt you to your grave. Sweet Emotion rises  out of a vaguely eastern sounding riff is a monster of a track. There is  also the amphetemine-fueled romp through Steve Tyler's<br />unconscious which  is otherwise known as Toys in the Attic. In this track the band reach  nirvana. It is possibly the best track on the whole album and it is  comparable to the title track of 1977 album Draw the Line. The supporting  tracks like Uncle Salty and Adam's Apple are almost as good. Special  mention however must go to Brad Whitford first songwritting attempt. Round  and Round is a track which goes for the listener throat and how it does. to  sum up this is aerosmith at its very best. well worth buying.
B00004T8RK|5.0|There are now 6 studio albums, Binaural is one of the best - It's all Pearl Jam - nuff said!
B000002H2H|5.0|Many people consider Master of Puppets to be Metallicas best album, but I disagree. Ride The Lightning HAS to be Metallicas finest album(but Master Of Puppets &amp; ..And Justice For All are close behind). Every song on  this album grabs you hard and demands to be heard!  The riffs on this album  are Metallicas most focused and forceful, as illustrated on the classic For  Whom The Bell Tolls, a great 'oi oi oi' song live. Metallica explores death  a great deal on this album, through execution(the title track) to biblical  pestilence(Creeping Death), right onto war(For whom the bell tolls). Whilst  doing this, Metallica blasts out hard, melodic thrash metal, making the  songs all the more powerful. The great instrumental track, The Call Of  Klutu, closes the album. This monster song acts as a showcase for  Metallicas great musical ability. Don't listen to the rest, this IS the  best Metallica album. If your interested in the new-look 90s Metallica,  then maybe you should check out Load or the Black Album first, but for a  taste of Metallica at their best, buy Ride The Lightning and you won't be  dissapointed.
B0000025DT|5.0|For some inexplicable reason, ELO has been almost forgotten. This is a shame because Jeff Lynne is a masterful song writer and ELO was innovative and musically light years ahead of their time. Everything about ELO was  classy: their album covers were a delight, their liner notes clever, witty  and interesting and their music was incredible.<br />This album is packed with  marvelous songs, there's not a dog in the bunch. &quot;Tight Rope&quot; is  fantastic, &quot;Livin' Thing&quot; is one of the best pop songs of the  last 25 years and &quot;Do Ya&quot; still rocks with the best of them.  Lyrically, Lynne was innovative and wove together some nice  concepts.<br />This is ELO's best one-disc album and it's held up marvelously  over the years. A little known and under-appreciated classic!
B00000AFWZ|5.0|this is a really wonderful box set....if you have any  time for rock n roll....buy the damn thing.....theyre are class songs all over the place popping out at all angles....a right treasure....
B0000025DV|5.0|The knock on most double albums is, &quot;Well, it would've been a great single album.&quot; People even say this about the Beatles white album. There is no such criticism here, ELO packed many marvelous songs on this  fine work. It constantly amazes me that critics loathe ELO, radio stations  refuse to play their music and they have been relegated to the scrap heap  of music. Why? Jeff Lynne wrote some of the most amazingly durable and  futuristic songs of anyone of that era. Beatlesque in his arrangements, his  lyrics are oftentimes more probing and clever than most of what McCartney  churned out in the 70's.<br />ELO's music continues to inspire, bring a smile  to your face and awaken you from the doldrums. This is a fantastic album,  you can listen to it without skipping a song, it's that good.
0140177396|5.0|No one can describe human mind with such an ease. It leaves a everlasting effect on reader's mind. All  human relationships are perfectly interpreted in this little book.
B000002KB8|5.0|Heavy, classic Sabbath.  The roots of the great band start here.  Who doesn't know &quot;Black Sabbath&quot; or &quot;N.I.B.&quot;?   Nearly everyone who listens to or plays rock 'n roll music is inspired by this  band, and this album is their beginning...just look at what followed!
B000001F2E|5.0|Simply put, this is my favorite album that I own from the 80's.
6305268843|5.0|This is apparently quite an old movie and I had never even heard of it.  A friend has been nagging me to see it, assuring me that I would love it - but they way she described it did not wholley convince me.  Set in  Victorian Britain she mentioned how it involved invalid wives, an adopted  child, separation and forbidden love.  I thought it would be a down beat  Jane Eyre, but I was wrong.  <br />This is a beautiful and really quite  uplifting film.  The acting is very strong and Sophie Marceau is surpringly  good as the passionate heroine who stands up, not only for her own  happiness but also for the happiness of her child. The characters have  unexpected depths and do not behave predictably.  It is also very set in a  lovely house in the depths of winter and it is visually a feast.  I am now  grateful to my friend for her recommendation and feel I should spread the  word.  Watch it while it is still available in video shops. I hope its  distributors decide to re-release it as I, for one, would like to own a  copy.
B00004RHZU|5.0|When I first bought the CD i only heard 2 songs before.  I liked those two songs so much i took a chance and bought the CD.  The music is different and interesting.  Once you here songs like &quot;Most Girls&quot; and  &quot;There You Go&quot; you can't get them out of your head.  The music  has a slight rock sound to it. If you like artists like Toni Braxton, and  pop groups you will like this CD.
B000002L3P|5.0|I decided to hear this album after seeing it on my recomendations for a couple months. It is so good! The best track is &quot;While We Cry&quot;. I didn't know so much emotion could be put into a guitar solo, its amazing.  Other stand-out tracks are &quot;Born With a Broken Heart&quot;,  &quot;Aberdeen&quot; and the instrumental &quot;Ledbetter Heights&quot;.  This CD is put in the category of &quot;Blues&quot; and it is mainly blues.  But I hear sort of a blues-rock-country sound, but maybe I just don't know  what I'm talking about. Whatever it is, it sounds great! Kenny Wayne  Sheppard is an excellent guitarist! This album rocks, now I need to hear  &quot;Live On&quot; and &quot;Trouble Is&quot;!
B000002JSJ|5.0|Presence is my favorite Led Zeppelin album, but like many other hard core Led Zeppelin fans, it did not start out like that.  Many people choose the first albums like I, II, III, and IV.  Also Physical Graffitti.  But they  grow to like the more unfamous Led Zeppelin material.  In Presence, Led  Zeppelin seems to me to have a bit of a different style.  Achilles Last  Stand is pretty much everyone's favorite track, but not mine.  Despite the  great guitar and drums in that song, my favorite by far is Hots On For  Nowhere.  Many people listen to the first 30 seconds and don't like it, but  if you listen to the whole song i gauruntee you'll love it.  It's a little  bluesy with great vocals.  Kind of a mean song of Robert Plant talking  about his friends but Jimmy Page plays excellent guitar in it.  Other songs  like Tea For One and Nobody's Fault But Mine are sure to make you happy.   Presence is not sold in many stores and not a whole lot of people know  about it unless they are huge Zeppelin fans.  This angered me because I  think that Presence is a great album and every song on it is electric and  there are no keyboards.  Not that i don't like acoustic and keyboards but I  think that this for Zeppelin was great.  I would reccomend this album to  anyone who likes any classic rock.
B000031WD9|3.0|I really wanted to see this in the theater when it came out, the trailer was hilarious and promised a film more robust than what was delivered.  I was torn on rating this film... I did laugh out loud during many scenes...  and this is a comedy after all... but I know if I ever see it again, only  one scene will be funny to me... other laughs were really just  weird-shock-value laughs.... the very uncomfortable laughter you have when  you're looking around to see if your mother just saw you watching this foul  movie.<br />I cringe when I think of young kids watching this film and seeing  this as normal behavior... and worse, acceptable behavior. I don't think of  myself as a prude, but this was an overly offensive, gross and over-sexed  flick. If it was targeted for adults only, I probably would have enjoyed it  more... I just kept thinking, &quot;what if my kids saw this?....  ewww!&quot;<br />The one classic line (and punch line) in the film made it  worth squirming through the rest of the mess... it was a funny film, but I  can't imagine seeing this over and over again. Two scenes in the film were  worth 5 stars for the laugh meter, but that hardly makes up for the  remainder of the mediocre content. It's worth seeing once, but by adults...  and those who aren't easily offended by gross, lewd behavior.
0684847248|5.0|When someone comes to me for help, completely devastated, I hand them this book. I do this because i believe that you cant just tell someone how things are, but you can show them the path you have taken. This book is  about life. It is a book of self-realization. The Road Less Traveled is a  VERY good read for people of all religions, including atheists and  agnostics. Scott Peck is completely open minded and looks at things from  all angles. I recommend this book to all open-minded individuals.
B000006IUQ|5.0|While Anthony Hopkins is one of the best actors in the business (at least in my opinion) I was wary of this film, especially in light of it's lame title. He did star in &quot;The Road to Wellville,&quot; afterall.<br />I  reluctantly watched this with a friend on tape after thinking I had escaped  having to see it at all when we missed the last screening of it in  theaters.<br />What a surprise this film was.  I'm a big animal lover and I'm  of the opinion, &quot;if you don't want to get bitten by a shark, don't go  in the ocean.&quot; My sympathy for animals is more fervent when it comes  to mammals, including the misunderstood and much maligned Grizzly.  I must  say, however, this riviting tale of survival and 5-star acting had me  wishing that bad bear dead as much as the characters who find themselves  being hunted by the majestic beast.  It's important to note that no animals  were harmed in the filming of this movie.<br />Hopkins is excellent and just  plain real in this role. A tension-filled fight for survival is broken only  once by one comedic moment in the fim that just makes it bearable (pardon  the pun) to endure.  You really feel trapped w/ these folks and you realize  what it is like to be hunted by an animal that is far more savvy than you  are at the art of survival.
B000005YZM|4.0|When the Beatles released Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band in 1968, all the other British Invasion albums faded into background. It was as though the Beatles were the \\"only\\" band that existed. Well, they weren't.  Only within the past decade with the re-release of sixties albums on CD are  other psychedelic treasures being discovered. Odessey and Oracle by the  Zombies is such a treasure. The 5-member  harmonies are as angelic as the  Mormon Tabernacle Choir (Changes, Imagine The Swan). Self-produced with  great care at the Abbey Road studio, the psychedelic effects are subtle but  memorable. On `A Rose For Emily' there's a second microphone on the piano  that is introduced briefly during the middle of each verse. What initially  sounds like recording irregularities at the beginning of `Butchers Tale  (Western Front 1914)' is actually backwards taping. The Zombies also  favored minor keys (check the chorus of `Maybe After He's Gone'). Years  ahead of its time, `Hung Up On A Dream' uses the mellotron and has a  seventies progressive art-rock sound. The surprise for me is `Friends On  Mine' - the song rocks like nothing else from Sgt. Pepper. Like the  purposeful misspelling of \\"Odessey,\\" Odessey and Oracle is a sixties  standout . File alongside Sgt. Pepper's, Forever Changes,  Ogden's Nut Gone  Flake and Piper At The Gates Of Dawn.
B00003CXD0|5.0|AFI recently released its list of the top 100 comedy films of the century and Tootsie made the list for a good reason... it is drop-dead hilarious.<br />Duston Hoffman is an out of luck actor... full of talent, but  also full of attitude and he's constantly driving his agent (Sydney  Pollack) nuts, trying to get a job anywhere, doing anything, as long as  it's respectable.<br />Hoffman's character decides he will prove how good he  is and auditions as a woman, landing a role that becomes the most popular  character on the most popular Soap Opera.<br />Dorothy, Hoffman's alter ego,  is the Oprah of the day... everyone respects her and wants to be her... and  when Hoffman sees others reacting to Dorothy, it changes him  forever.<br />Stupendous performances by Bill Murray, Teri Garr, Sydney  Pollack, Charles Durning and Jessica Lange.  This is not just another film  about a guy in drag. It's a moving story about changing lives and growing  relationships, and it's also a situational comedy that is intelligent. If  you love a good laugh w/ heart, this is a must-see.  I can't wait until it  comes out on DVD!
079284632X|3.0|Many people often only hear that this movie was about rape but it was more then that you could feel for the parents and agree with what they did. To me it seemed like a documentry that would be on A and E
B0000203YT|5.0|To appreciate this film, it really helps to really appreciate a good performance of Shakespeare. Shakespeare was quite the clever comedian and his plays, even the tragedies, contain wit and tonge-in-cheek humor  sophistocated even in today's world.<br />To create a story about Shakespeare  that includes his work... it's Shakespearian itself... a play within a  play, comedy &amp; tragedy working together.<br />The wardrobes and backdrops  are stellar... and the acting will blow you away. Dame Judy Dench won a  much deserved Oscar for her performance of Queen Elizabeth.<br />I must say I  felt the movie &quot;Elizabeth&quot; was more deserving of the Oscar than  this film, but this was a very close second (if not a tie) in my book... it  might just be my personal bias that makes me take comedies a little less  seriously than a huge historical epic.<br />Nonetheless, this is a film of  note and worthwhile seeing. It is masterfully made and  masterfully  performed. The film contains nudity and there is sexual content, so this  isn't for young kids... but the sexual content is not beyond what is seen  on prime time TV nowadays, so if &quot;NYPD Blue&quot; doesn't make you  blush, neither will this film.  Very funny, highly intellectual, and very  very Shakespeare.
B00000IAU3|3.0|Dido's lyricism may fall to the more wretched side of Sarah Mclachlan; the voice may be somwhere between Sinead O'Connor's and a not-so-distinctly-stately Ebba Forsberg, but the songs set over vastly  barren notions of yearning within the same familiar sway-rock-sway template  -that Ms. Sophie B. Hawkins etched in her '92 hit &quot;Damn,I Wish I Was  Your Love- are apparent on the cut &quot;Here With Me&quot;.<br />      On  &quot;The Hunter&quot;,(&quot;If you were a king/out there on your  thrown.../For this queen you think that you own/Wants to be a hunter  again...&quot;,suggests what would have happened if Sinead made a full-on  pop record,say, circa &quot;&quot;I Do Not Want What I Have Not Got&quot;.  In her truest femininst bravura, it playfully debunks the myth of the man  as the 'hunter&quot; and the women as &quot;the hunter&quot;, or the notion  of the male as ultimately kingly over his world-if even only in his own  mind.<br />    Dido successfully borrows from her diverse influnces and  contemporaries and assimiliates them with ease on the first few cuts, but  once we get mired in her would-be Ebba Forsberg neo-folk musings-that Ebba  herself does not even weight her album too-the material falls flat:  &quot;Thank You&quot; and &quot;Slide&quot; recall the musings of &quot;You  Surprise Me-the former recalling &quot;You Surprise Me&quot;-but the  arrangements grow tiresome.          It is not until midway through the  album, however, we get a sense of Dido''s singular strength as an artist  once we are no longer subjected to the coffee-house acousticism, and that  vibe gives way to a more beat-driven sound a la &quot;Here With Me&quot;,  and if there were an apt, or best categorization for her best material it  is understood within the context of the first few cuts and the ones that  follow towards the album's very ending.<br />   &quot;HonestlyOK&quot; and the  bonus-cut &quot;Take My Hand&quot; brings Dido's original vision to  fruition. It as thoughnightfall in all its wanton loneliness and desire  are expressed in all their glorified desperation and sincerity and we are  transported to the same Canadian Nova-Scotian environs that bore this  contemplation. Bleeps, and and airy swooshes enhance the nightscapes on  &quot;Honestlyok&quot;. <br />In a curious move by her record company, perhaps  the strongest definition of DIDO and her singnature brother Rollo's  sound-Rollo of the dance act FAITHLESS which makes its position on the  album all the more curious-Arista attaches at the album's end a cut  &quot;Take My Hand&quot; that suggests the fluidity of Dido's vocals and  competes with the most infections  material of yearning present in cuts by  Olive and Sonique. That would make an emphasis cut; give this angel her  wings.
B00003CXDV|3.0|I'm a big Trekkie... or I guess the correct term would be &quot;Trekker&quot; as I'm more into the new series spin-offs than the old series... I appreciated the tongue-in-cheek elbow in the ribs this film  gave to Star Trek fans and conventions, and a lot of other sci-fi shows for  that matter, but the timing seemed a little off to evoke spontaneous  humor.<br />Great make-up and good acting. The DVD's look at deleted scenes is  a must-see... it's funny to see what scenes were cut, and why and to hear  the commentary. This was a clever film, but it fell short of what the  trailer promised. The funniest scenes were already shown in the previews,  so it was hard to glean other laughs from the rest of the film.<br />A film  that takes a more direct approach to making  light of ST fans is  &quot;Trekkies&quot; .... which blows this film away in regards to quick  wit and non-stop laughs.<br />Some very cool animated characters and other SFX  make the film worth watching for lovers of eye candy.
B00000J7S8|5.0|Most jazz musicians seem to view their audience with disdain.  They take it as a point of pride if their music doesn't sell.  Some jazz musicians have deconstructed their music to the point that it is unlistenable.  Diana  Krall is different.<br />Miss Krall respects her audience and crafts music  that will appeal to them.  She respects the songwriters and doesn't render  their efforts unrecognizable.  She respects her art form and pays tribute  to those who have gone before.<br />This is Diana Krall's finest album yet.   It satisfies and soothes on so many levels.  It is one of the few CDs I  would give as a gift to anyone.
B00000IQC8|4.0|Very enjoyable comedy and a new way of watching a film. Somewhat voyeuristic... you kinda feel like you're covertly watching these people via a closed-circuit television.  Considering that this film was made for  less than $30K, I can't imagine how little these fabulous actors were paid  for their roles.<br />You don't feel like you're watching performers, but real  people experiencing the weird things that happen in life... just in one  little store.<br />This is a must-see film for budding film-makers and film  aficianados. You don't need a lot of money or endless resources for a good  film... just a good story, a good screenplay and real down-to-earth  characters.  Life is often much stranger than fiction and this film shows  how funny people in their own environment can really be. A great film for  people-watchers and anthropologists.... and just plain funny.
B00004RFCM|1.0|Sex and the City is a wonderfully acted, very funny sitcom.  It is intelligently written and executed.  I have laughed so hard at some of the scenes, and gotten misty-eyed over others.  These four women are wonderul.  Being one of my favorite shows, I never miss a Sunday night.  God, I hate  to give this show a one star.  But I am judging the DVD as a whole, not the  show.  On to the DVD...  Horrible, tragic, and a huge let-down.  I love  this show and to see it looking so HORRIBLE on DVD is not inspiring at all.   This is a digital video disc, and the picture quality looks worse than a  VHS tape.  My cable broadcast Sunday nights looks FAR superior to this  transfer.  Edges are like static, pictures are grainy, and distortion is  flickering all over the place, especially on white/gray subjects.  Movement  is hardly smooth with all the graininess flickering like earthquakes as the  camera moves.  Yuck, yuck, yuck...  I love my player.  I have great looking  things I play on it.  DVD is digital folks, and all companies are taking  advantage of the crystal clear picture it offers by performing wonderful  transfers to the disc.  This HBO release is truly, leaps and bounds, the  worst I've ever seen.  I don't see many VHS tapes that are even this bad!   If I was HBO Pictures, I'd be so ashamed of my latest work on DVD.  I mean,  it is really bad and I can almost say it is a defect that will allow them  to re-issue to buyers a new improved copy.  I spent $ on this and I'm  sorry I did.  I am going to try to return this.  I was really expecting  that crisp, bright picture.  I can go back to my taped copies I did of the  first season and enjoy them better.  The DVD  picture quality is really  that bad and is actually annoying to watch...  I hope I don't sound like  I'm ranting and raving, but the video transfer is a HUMONGOUS  disappointment that bothers me.  I think you will find more negative  comments on this as the DVD makes it's way further into the marketplace  and,unfortunately, tarnishes HBO's image of quality.
0688170528|4.0|I read this book in 2 days and I must say, I was sad to be finished with it.  It wasn't so much the  plot or circumstance that was so riveting.  It was the characters.  I felt so close to them, I found myself thinking about  Chris and Emily when I was driving.  It sounds kind of silly but now that I  am finished with the book, I miss them!  I hope I feel this close to the  characters in the next book that I read.
B000003BEV|4.0|As I read the reviews of &quot;Request&quot;, some come close to explaining this work, but don't really hit it on the head.  This album needs to be explained, not rated and critiqued.  Mick Jagger has always  been one to whom it is painfully important that he be seen as hip and  knowledgeable.  He did not afford himself the luxury that the Velvet  Underground took, when members of that outfit claimed to never have been  hippies, and indeed hated hippies.  Mick on the other hand needed to show  he was &quot;with it&quot;, even if it meant cutting an album or two out of  the Stones genre.  Even one with a 3-D cover!<br />The Stones music from Out  of Our Heads through Between the Buttons helped mightily to define the  &quot;Paisley&quot; Pre-Psycheldelic Era.(Late '65 - early '67)  Their  albums from 1968 (Beggers Banquet through 1972 (Exile) earned them the  title &quot;The Greatest Rock and Roll Band in the World.  They were  indeed, having taken the title from the defuncting Buffalo Springfield, and  then giving it up in late '72 to Steely Dan.  You are free to disagree, but  then you would be wrong!<br />The second reason the album had to be created,  was that a psychedelic showcase was needed for that great, great song, 2000  Light Years from Home.  All this talk about Sgt. Pepper influence baffles  me.  What song influenced 2000 Light Years, When I'm 64?  OK, I will grant  you that On With the Show was inspired by Pepper, but that is all.  Why do  &quot;experts&quot; feel compelled to look to Sgt Pepper as the creative  dawn of &quot;head-trip&quot; music.  There was plenty of other stuff out  and about both in Britian (Procol Harum, Cream, Pink Floyd) and the States  (Country Joe &amp; the Fish, Jefferson Airplain, Doors, Mothers of  Invention).  The song Whiter Shade of Pale was released two months before  Pepper.  For that matter, Brian Jones played sitar on Paint it Black many  months before George Harrison made this instrument such a big deal.  Am I  wrongabout this?  Please correct me if I am.<br />Finally, there is the  matter of taste and entertainment value.  I realize it is heresy, yet I  know I speak for many many former boomer head trippers, when I say that I  found the post-Rubber Soul Beatles a might boring.  Not stultifyingly  boring as The Beach Boys and their Pet Sounds and Good Vibrations. However,  no matter the state of my conciousness, I could not listen to Pepper, or  even Abbey Road all the way through.  I sure could listen to Request,  followed by three or four repeats of Light Years!
B00000K19E|2.0|I saw this movie first on the big screen I was pretty keen, soI guess I had very high expectations, Imagine how disappointed I wasto discover that this film was far from being the great movie I had desperately hoped it would be, the only other films to get my hopes so disappointingly high was BLAIR WITCH and ABSOLUTE BEGINNERS, although the Matrix is nowhere near as bad/rotten/stupid/or as pathetic as those movies are, (theyre in a class of their own). <br />Their were a few good points that drew me to the movie, like the Special FX and the action scenes, the opening with Carrie Anne Moss and Hugo Weaving was simply brilliant, even though it looked very similar to certain scenes in BLADE actually quite alot of the action scenes seemed to be inspired by BLADE and THE CROW (I wonder why that is? If youve seen BLADE then you will know what I mean! ) Laurence Fishburne is always watchable though his scifi choices havent always been good, do you remember EVENT HORIZON?  I think his talent was wasted or perhaps he could have had a better co-star, not Keanu!  <br />Anyway because I liked some of it I decided to give the Matrix another chance, I got it out again on DVD, which is chock full of Extras that are pretty cool, I watched how the actors prepared for their more grueling scenes and began to appreciate the movie on a different level, getting more insight into how hard everyone worked to get this movie up on the big screen I guess it made me more sympathetic, even though I still cringe at Keanus performance, and roll my eyes at some corny scenes with Carrie saying lovey dovey words of encouragement to Neo, I have to say I disliked it less than when I watched it the first time, which is something I guess.<br />I wont discourage anyone from watching it, go see it and find out for yourself make up your own mind, as for me Id rather buy BLADE much more entertaining. By the way did you know that the DVD version has some hidden extras (or 'Easter Eggs as theyre more commonlyknown, although technically this isnt a real 'Easter Egg') theyre not obviously advertised on the package see if you can find them!
B00000IAU3|4.0|I very rarely buy albums I have never listened to at least once. There are some exceptions, but very few. I bought this after hearing the few seconds of the vocal she provided to the song 'Stan', which was the stand out track  on the album. But enough about him, Dido is incredible. One problem, nobody  in Europe has heard of you, so get over here quick!<br />The music is  haunting, and every track is a winner. There is no filler on this album,  which means although ultimately shorter than most, it is far more  memorable.<br />All I say is please come to Europe, flex those vocal chords in  a few clubs in Amsterdam, London, Dublin. Then my friends will have heard  of you, and won't keep saying I bought a CD by the dog in the  Flintstones!  NOBODY HERE HAS HEARD OF YOU! YOU NEED TO CHANGE THAT!  You  are far to good to not be noticed.<br />Kind of ranted there didn't I! Anyhow,  buy this CD as I did, you will be surprised and delighted
B000022TSF|5.0|Chinatown is my favorite film. It really captures the 1930s in LA along with great characters, plot, dialougue, and technical aspects. Chinatown is also full of little details. This is why the film is great for repeat  viewing. I've seen the film ten times now, and I learn something every time  I view it. It's truly ironic that the best film nior came out of the 70s.  You knowthe plot, so i won't waste your time going into that. <br />The  Chinatown DVD isn't packed with extra features, but they are still very  interesting. Only two stand out. The first extra feature isn't much but  it's interesting. I'm reffering to the 2+ minute theatrical trialer. It is  an interesting little look atwhat trailer were like 25 years ago. The other  extra feature worth mentioning is the interview with producer Bob Evans,  director Roman Polanski, and writer Robert Towne. It is a wonderful look at  what these three men did to get the film made. Each men has something  unique to bring to the interview. Too bad it only last ten minutes. The  menus of the DVD are great, except it's hard to tell what you're selecting  sometimes. This is a must have for any fan ofthe  nior genre of ofthe film  itself.
0792838068|2.0|The acting of both Cage and Shue is excellent without doubt. They make you believe their role is who really they are. The thing I don't understand about the film is what good does it bring to us. I'm saying that because if  you are a normal person with a ordinary mind you will feel very sad and  dissapointed at the end of the movie. You will not actually learn anything  from the movie but to pretent you've found yourself a reason to excuse  those who waste thier lifes as hookers and drunks. I personally recommand  this movie to those who have a happy life because you may say to yourself  thankgod I am not like that.
B000005DSN|5.0|great album, great lyrics (don't check the grammar or the spelling on the album, please). it's pretty much better than all the other Stratovarius albums. as always, if you pay attention, you will find some weird things.  just an example, the ones of you that have the &quot;Dreamspace&quot; album  will find a close remembrance between &quot;hold on to your dream&quot; and  &quot;paradise&quot;. anyway, go and get it... it's definitely a great  choice
B00003CWRX|5.0|The film is long; the impact is devastating.  The entire cast is so commited that singling out Crowe and Pacino and Plummer seems unfair.  The fact that this is a true story makes the film all the more terrifying.  Are  we really this manipulated by the media, by constraints of big business?  Can we ever know the truth about such issues?  As long as films like this  surface we are fortuantely forced to stand and ask.  A triumph of film  making that addresses contemporary foibles.
6305041156|5.0|Yes I hate saying that because everything is called art these days when its not but this is. Every Kurosawa film is beautifuly made but this one takes the prize. &quot;Ran&quot; is as Roger Ebert called it &quot;A  glorious achievement&quot;. &quot;Ran&quot; is Akira Kurosawa's version of  William Shakespear's &quot;King Lear&quot;. I should say its more loosely  based on &quot;King Lear&quot; but the film is so great that one shouldn't  bother with that. Tatsuya Nakadai does a peformance that will blow you  away. He can bring the physical and emotion to the roll and does it as  great as seeing any british shakespear actor like Ian Holm do the roll.  Since times have changed since &quot;Seven Samuari&quot; Kurosawa can use  more blood on the screen to bring the horror of war and betryal more to  life. There is about a 30 minute war scene that is one of the most  beautiful scenes I've seen in a film. Kurosawa like Stanley Kubrick does  not settle for the lowest. Everything is perfection. The costumes, the  sound, the picture, the acting etc.... The ending is breathtaking and will  get you thinking about life. I reccomend reading &quot;King Lear&quot;  before you see it, to see what he did with the text. It also shows how  universial Shakespear is. This may be Kurosawa's best film.
B00003W8NM|5.0|FIGHT CLUB is one of the most disturbing contemporary social summations ever drawn. Sort of a LORD OF THE FLIES for the 21st Century. It is with a sense of acknowledged regret to agree that the film is a wakeup call. This  is brilliant movie making and if you find the story, the acting, the  concept, the message just this side of nausea, then watch this DVD again  and again until you are able to accept the fact that this may by  apocalyptic.  Yes, it is over the top, but at times that is the only way to  get our numbed brains to come to attention.  This is a dark film,  incredibly well made and acted and photographed and directed.  Maybe now  that you can see it in the privacy of your home you'll feel more  comfoartable coming to grips with where we as a society could easily  go...if films like this didn't make us stop and think. And just when you  think you've fully explored the ugliness of the male psyche, run the last  minutes in stop frame motion and see the subliminal shots Fincher has  included that lambast our phobia of showing full frontal male nudity.  Terrific technique!
6302804817|5.0|When you have a member of your family with autistic spectrum disorder or  Asperger Syndrome all about this movie makes sense. I have seen my son in both Depp and Masterson.  Sam and Joon are like some high functioning  autistics and I saw my son in their behavior.  I really recommend this  movie to all of you who have special child among you.
B00003CX6P|5.0|The DVD of The Talented Mr. Ripley works as well on small sreen as the spacious film did in the theaters.  Somehow the character development seems more fleshed out, probably due to the fact that the Theater version  lavished us with the visual wonders of Italy. But here we are allowed  inside the minds of each of the sterling cast of five:  Minghella has drawn  both individual moments and fine ensemble acting from Damon, Law,  Palltrow, Blanchett and Hoffman. The music score is mesmerizing and assists  in seducing us into fallling in love with people who share their evil side  while masking their whole being beneath the facade of The Upper Class.  I  think the reason Tom Ripley wins us over inspite of his deeds is the fact  that he is trying  so hard to capture &quot;The American Dream&quot;...and  all the shallowness that can at times represent.  Worth owning.
B00002Z88D|5.0|If you like Metallica, you will love this CD. It has all of their greatest songs put into 2 CD's! The quality of the sound is great. Any Metallica lover has to own this CD!
0375701427|3.0|....I come away from it wondering, ultimately, where the author's sympathies lie, much the way I come from most of Roth's books. It's fine to show the weak points of all of your characters---Swede Levov's delusional  notions of a crises-free life, his wife Dawn's love-hate relationship with  her beauty pageant days, Jerry Levov's jealous vitrol, etc. etc.---but if  everyone's flaws and warped dreams are the only thing that distinguish  them, how are you suppose to empathise with any of them? Because we all  carry these traits? Because we all have grand visions that get dashed?  That's a hell of a note on life.<br />I don't necessarily read fiction to be  &quot;uplifted,&quot; but I have real problems with books where the basic  theme is &quot;life is a cesspool disguised as a flower bed and when we  discover that, it's too late to do anything about it and we're doomed to  end life in misery.&quot; For all of the excellent writing in this book and  despite the fact that the story does move you along, in the end I felt  walluped over the head by the misery...not enlightened or thoughtful or,  yes, empathetic for the Levovs and their world. Feel free to disagree.
B00002ZMNV|5.0|If you liked the S&amp;M CD I guarantee you that you will like the DVD even more.  If you have seen the VHS version or if you own it, you might just think it is the same thing in higher quality on DVD, but there is much  more.  This video has so many great special features.  My favorite was the  way you can filter the audio to hear only the symphony without Metallica,  or only Metallica without the symphony.  The first thing I did was listen  to &quot;No Leaf Clover&quot; without the symphony.  Another really cool  feature is the angle changes that you can do on select songs.  You can  watch certain songs at 5 different angles.  The first is the original  edited camera views, but you can also watch these songs with the camera  focused on one of the four band members, James, Lars, Jason, and Kirk.  The  DVD also features an excellent behind the scenes documentary featuring  interviews with the band and with conductor Michael Kamen about preparation  for the concert and how it all came to be.  Even if you already have the  VHS version, I would still get this DVD if I were you.  The video quality  and sound quality both greatly surpass that of the VHS version.  This is a  DVD that no Metallica fan should go without.
B0000062GE|5.0|The first time I remember hearing a Stabbing Westward song was when ZRock still existed. I checked it out from the local library and loved it so much I wanted it for myself. I would say they are at least as good as NIN,  Marilyn Manson, and Filter, whom I also love. I also like Fire in The Head  by Tea Party, Christian Woman by Type O Negative, and Pretty When You Cry  by Vast, which I heard for the first time on a recent episode of Exposure  which is aired on the SciFi Channel. All in all, I found this album to be  so good, I don't think I could every fall out of love with it.
0812550757|5.0|As he tells us in the introduction (which is, by the way, the best introduction I've ever read), this is the book Card intended to write when he began the ever-popular Ender series.  Ender's Game was simply a prologue  -- originally a short story.  <br />There are so many good things about this  book.  Card has a talent for writing deep, real characters that I've never  seen in sci-fi and seldom in any modern literature.  He is a master  storyteller, and this book is wonderfully paced -- you will continually be  twisting your brain trying to uncover what is up with the pequeninos before  the scientists do.<br />But most of all, this book is a eloquent manifesto of  humanism.  As Speaker for the Dead, it is our hero Ender's lifelong task to  understand people and tell the truth about them -- a truth that will reveal  their good, bad, and ugly, but most importantly, their inherent worth and  um, goodness.   This truth-seeking carries from the individual to the  entire races, as Card (and Ender) examine how we relate to those we don't  understand, even those we can't understand.  <br />So what is it?  It's a  page-turner, crazy idea-filled(as all sci-fi should be) thrilling,  thoughtful, powerful, funny, poignant novel.  It is an excellent piece of  writing that I would love to see taught in high school classrooms.  <br />My  only problems with it are that terrible cover(who designed these covers?   They have nothing to do with the story -- not even the tone of the story)  and the sometimes indecipherable use of portuguese.  But those are both  minor.<br />An excerpt:<br />&quot;We know you now.  That makes all the  difference, doesn't it?  Even Quim doesn't hate you now.  When you really  know somebody, you can't hate them.&quot;  &quot;Or maybe it's just that  you can't really know them until you stop hating them.&quot;   &quot;Is  that a circular paradox?  Dom Cristao says that most truth can be only  expressed in circular paradoxes.&quot;    &quot;I don't think ithas  anything to do with truth, Olhado.  It's just cause and effect.  We can  never sort them out.  Science refuses to admit any cause except first  cause-- knock down one domino, the one next to it also falls.  But when it  comes to human beings, the only type of cause that matters is final cause,  the purpose.  What a person had in mind.  Once you understand what people  really want, you can't hate them anymore.  You can fear them, but you can't  hate them, because you can always find the same desires in your own  heart.&quot;<br />If you'd like to discuss this novel, e-mail me at  krischwe@whitman.edu
B000002P5W|5.0|I bought this album when it first came out, and recently purchased this CD from Amazon as a gift for my Son.  I have always thought this was the best Hendrix album.  I still prefer the record over the CD because of the cover  art. It is nice having both in the house now.<br />It is amazing how fresh  the music sounds.  It is great too that the oldies stations dont play much  Hendrix, so that it has never quite become &quot;wall paper&quot; music,  the way Beatles music did, for example.<br />Hendrix is so confident of his  talent on this album.  More than his earlier work, this album reflects his  desire to experiment and move ahead.
B000006ZL4|5.0|First of all, let's not compare Dream Theater to Symphony X - both bands arguably have just the same amount of talent and ability as the other, and both are highly respected in the genre.  And &quot;Divine Wings of  Tragedy&quot; is a wonderful example of how good Symphony X (and  progressive metal in general) can truly be.<br />Like most prog bands, every  member of Symph.X stands out individually in the songs - Russell's vocals  are totally soaring a la James LaBrie, and the guitar sound is still heavy  without being overdone.  &quot;The Eyes of Medusa&quot; most accurately  gives an example of this, because of the awesome riffing layered over lush  keyboards and a very dynamic rythym section.  The overall production on  this album is among the best I've ever heard on ANY recording - metal,  classical, jazz, rock, whatever.  The ironic thing is, classical music  buffs will definitely appreciate this (a METAL album! ) just for the  superior musicianship, most noteably on the tracks &quot;Of Sins and  Shadows&quot; and the title track, which stretches 20+ minutes.  The  harmonized vocal intro on the title track is one of the most beautiful and  haunting uses of the human voice I have ever heard in my life. If only the  band had utilized their incredible vocal talents for a few more bars  throughout the song!<br />No matter what form of music you're into - with the  exception of the Backstreet Boys - you'll find something you can appreciate  on Symphony X's &quot;Divine Wings of Tragedy.&quot;  When metal bands  merge genres and meld so many influences together in such an extravagant  and beautiful way as this, it makes me all the more proud to call myself a  metal fan.  Check this album out, there's no way you could be disappointed.
B000005RPX|4.0|The shows were the same and the sets were the same except for encores. Still, Deep Purple put enough into them where they don't sound the same. This is &quot;The Set&quot; for any Purple fan. A big chunk of rock  history. Heck, I waited seven years to get this set and its worth it.
B00004RHZU|5.0|P!NK is sooo cool.  Anyways,  the CD is really good.  Altho right now the only song playing on the radio is There you Go (which is really cool), there are other good songs.  To describe Pink's style, it's very unique (in  a good way), but the closest artists to her are Destinys Child, Aalyiah,  and maybe Toni Braxton.  The closest to her is TLC. Here's a description of  the songs: 1.Split Personality- this ones ok, not the best, but not the  worst.  The chorus is pretty cool (and the best part).  Her voice is lower  in this song, so its kind of like Toni Braxton with a way different beat.   And the end is cool too! 2.  Hell wit ya-  I really like tha rythym to the  song.  It sounds a bit like Destiny's Child. 3.  Most Girls- This is one of  my favorite songs.  Her voice is great and this, and I like the beginning,  and her lyrics are cool.   4.  There You Go- Need I say anything?  I'm sure  you've heard this song, her hit single. 5.  You Make me Sick- cool  beginning!  (On the phone).  The beat rocks, and it sounds real good. 6.   Let me Let You Know- Slow song.  It sounds a lot like Destiny's Child.  For  a dance party, this would be a great slow dance song. 7.  Love is Such a  Crazy Thang-  She actually sounds like Mariah Carey!   Whoah, I just  realized that.  Well there ya go, if you like Mariah Carey's voice you'll  like this one. 8. Private Show-  This is another one of my favorites.   Great beat, Great Lyrics, Great Song. 9. Can't Take Me Home- No comment,  you'll understand if you hear this song. 10. Stop Falling- Slow song.  Not  my favorite...not much to say. 11. Do what you do-  I kinda like the  begining, it goes from like a fiddle playing to something completely  different.  It has pretty simple lyrics.  Its a very cool song, I really  like it. 12. Hiccup- I like this song.  It is sooo cool.  I really like how  she sings in this.  The chorus is very &quot;unique&quot;. 13. Is it Love-  I can so relate to this song in a way.  I think a lot of people could.  Its  an ok song.   In whole, this Cd was totally worth it, and you won't be  disappointed!
0425170349|4.0|In 'Rainbow Six' master spy John Clark is the head of an international anti-terrorist task force with his sidekick and son-in-law Chavez at his side.  'Rainbow' starts with a bang and doesn't let go.  From thwarting an  attempted hijacking to stopping the kidnapping of a Swiss banker to  Battling baddies at a Spanish amusement park, 'Rainbow' is unique in  Clancy's novels as it is almost non-stop action.  This is both a plus and a  minus.  While the pace is fast and the story riveting, some of the humor  and political intrigue that marked his previous novels are missing.  Also,  President Jack Ryan wasn't even given a walk-on appearence.  Even mention  of him was restricted to only 'The President.'  Reguardless, 'Rainbow Six'  is must reading for all Tom Clancy fans.
0780625129|5.0|This movie asks the question &quot;Why should we hate?&quot; Life is too short to be mad at other people. It's much like the quote 'What you can't change, you must accept.' <br />Edward Norton, an ex-neo nazi skin head, has  just gotten out of jail. His brother, played by Edward Furlong, is  following in his footsteps. Edward Norton will do anything to stop that.  The movies relys on it's flashbacks, which are poignent, yet disturbing and  frightening. By the end of the movie you are moved and enlightened. You  understand something that the general public doesn't recognize that much,  and it really takes a powerful effect on you.<br />Let me warn you that it is  a very graphic movie, yet, it is also amazingly one of the best I ever have  seen. Hate is baggage, don't carry it with you through life. This wonderful  masterpiece also stars Beverly D'Angelo, Ethan Suplee, and Eliot Gould.
6305165912|5.0|This movie is richly populated with some of the best dope induced dialogue since Cheece and Chong.  Bridges is a revelation as The Dude, and his laid back style is brilliantly steered by by the masters of small-scale,  American cinema - the Cohen Brothers.  Easily their best movie so far,  eclipsing Fargo, and possibly one of the best films (in its genre) of the  90's.  Why it flopped at the cinema is a mystery, but don't let that put  you off.  Once you witness The Dude (or his &quot;Dudeness&quot; as he is  otherwise known), you'll never be the same again.  As a real bonus, the  soundtrack is about as eclectic as possible.  BUY THE FILM, buy the  soundtrack and ALL HAIL TO THE DUDE!
B00003CX95|5.0|I guess I understand the standpoint of many of the reviewerswho gave this movie less than 5 stars.  If I were English orhomosexual, I would be somewhat peeved about the representation portrayed in this movie.  But there's no excuse for those who complain about the lack of historical accuracy, it's just a movie.  It would be far less enjoyable to watch if it adhered to more rigid interpretation.  There's a reason why people watch movies, and it's for entertainment.  It's not made for the purpose of a historical documentary, and even if they reversed it and portrayed the Scottish as barbaric and the English noble and wise, as long as the movie served it's purpose for elevating the feeling of excitement and virtue, and all-in-all made reasonable sense, it would still be a good movie.  Simply said, it's a cool movie, if you're cool with it.  If you're offended, perfectly understandable.
B00000K19E|3.0|Dazzling special FX--Yes!  Acting by Keanuu Reeves--NO!  Sorry but this actor has ruined another for me also.  I enjoyed the story...even though it has basically been done before.  'What is real' combined with 'Karate kid'!   Entertaining movie but not the best sci-fi movie ever made by far!  I  recommend renting the movie first to make sure you can handle 2 hours of  Reeves!
B00004SCX6|4.0|....OOPS I did it Again- Well You all know it and sing to it and love it lol....<br />Stronger- another hit, sounds like crazy from the first album<br />Dont go knockin on my door- slowish song relaxes the mood<br />I cant  get no satisfaction- yes this is a remake if the rolling stones song,  pretty upbeat but like the original better<br />dont let me be the last to  know- probably the best ballad on the album, not too many ballads on this  album compared to the first one.<br />what you see is what you get- boring  song with a boring beat<br />lucky-my personal favorite, i am not sure if it  is slow or fast lol, kind of a mix, a really good song with a good meaning,  i am not sure if she is talking aobut herslef in the song.<br />one kiss from  you- sappy song<br />where are you now- album is starting to wear down.<br />cant  make you love me-dont bother listening anymore<br />when your eyes say it- ok  waking me up again<br />dear diary- and the final slow sappy song<br />over all  it is good especially the beggining of the album,  It is a lot faster than  the first album which i usually relax too,.
B00000IL1K|5.0|Not only is Sarah Brightman a beautiful woman, but she has an extrodinarily beautiful voice.  I first heard of her in Phantom of the Opera and since then have been an ardent fan.  The music of Eden is not  only beautiful and moving but tells so many different stories.  To Sarah, I  ask only that she keep up the good work.
0380788624|5.0|I found Cryptonomicon by Neal Stephenson to be a thoroughly entertaining work.  The detail provided in the  WWII era storyline provided a fascinating look into the state of cyptography for the time.  Meanwhile,  the colorful characters keep every page interesting.   The intertwining of  the modern day storyline with that in the past (WWII) also provides rich  ground for introducing subtlties that go hand in hand with the crytographic  overtones.  Well written and entertaing describes this book.  I was 500  pages into it before realizing that it was 900 pages long, and it would  have been fine if it had been 1,500.
B000001EXR|4.0|I am a long time KISS fan and I have to say I liked the heavy sounds of COS.  I had a great time at the Farewell Concert with my son, but could not wait to pop my COS CD in when I got home to remind myself we have all grown  and changed, our lives are not one big party any more.  The party all night  songs are great for a flash back, but when I want to hear progress, I play  COS.  COOL CD, distinctly KISS, nothing like Pearl Jam!
B00000JCOV|5.0|i recently saw slipknot LIVE baby and they just blew me away.  they were remisicent of the old korn and when they came on they had three drumsets and normally a band doesn't have nine members but they all contribute to  the sound.  i luv sic and wait and bleed, and that &quot;me&quot; track.  i  was in the front row baby!  corey can sing, the way he screams and then  sings, as in wait and bleed.  they are the most original band to come out  since korn back then!  they remind me of insane clown posse and coal  chamber (but not really, cuz they're way better no offense) BUY THIS!  u  cant see california without marlon brando's eyes! (e y e l e s s)
B00000J7JO|2.0|I am a major Chili's fan, they're probably my fave band, but this album majorly disappointed.  It is lacking one of the essential things that makes the Chili's such a great band, Flea's Funky Bass.  Where's it gone?  This  is in my opinion their worse album and I would advise fans who like their  earlier stuff against it.  It does contain some pretty good chill out songs  and Anthony's lyrics are great, as per usual.  But don't buy this get one  of their other great albums instead.
0684867621|1.0|Wow, not at all the usual King. Just scary enough to keep the kids from wandering off the trail. I forgive you Stephen, your're entitled to one loser now and then.
B000002BSG|5.0|I bought this C.D. a long time ago and hadn't listened to it for a while, then one day I picked it up and was blown away.  I love this album, it's so funky, groovy and generally great.  My favourite song HAS to be  &quot;Travelling Withuout Moving&quot; the bass line is so fast and  amazing.  The whole album is full of great songs and I would advise anyone  who likes a good groove to buy it now.
0887306101|5.0|Market Wizards is a must read for anybody who wants to understand the temperament and psychology of successful traders.  The focus is speculative trading but very helpful for people who want to understand various  investment vehicles.
B000001ESF|5.0|The importance of this album cannot be understated. If it hadn't sold as it did -  the band would have broken up and Rush would have wound up some obscure footnote in the history of Canadian rock. Fortunately, a creative  breakthrough was also a commercial success and &quot;2112&quot; stands out  as the 'second' best studio album Rush ever recorded. If you can tolerate  Ayn Rand, heavy metal, and prog rock you'll discover a gem of an album. An  extremely passionate (and at times pretensious) album.
B000000W5F|5.0|If you are a Rolling Stones fan, then go ahead and buy  this album. You have to remember that this album was made in 1981 which was the hardest time to find a good rock sound. The Stones don't really rock on this album,  but they have great Jagger &amp; Richards disco-love ballads. If you say  this is not really for me, well listen up it has &quot;Start Me Up&quot;  and &quot;Waiting on a Friend&quot; two of the Rolling Stones most popular  songs. It also has the bluesy &quot;Black Limosene&quot;, and a song called  &quot;Neighbors&quot; that sounds like an early 80's rock song should sound  like. Before you buy this album I would recommend you get Beggar's Banquet,  Let it Bleed, Sticky Fingers, Exile on Main Street, and Some Girls. If you  can't wait to hear this album though, and you know what The Rolling Stones  are trying to do on this album, go ahead and BUY!
1556589433|5.0|When talking about this film, you can't help but mention Meryl Streep.  She IS this film.  Meryl Streep delivers a performance that is technically brilliant, sincere, honest, riveting, heart warming, and heart shattering.   This is the best performance by an actor that I have ever seen.  Everyone  should see this movie simply to watch how a character can come to life.   Meryl Streep raised the standards and left us with a haunting portrait of  Sophie that we can enjoy forever.      Whether you like Meryl Streep or  not, you will be impressed by this performance and this film.  Truly A MUST  SEE!
0767802519|5.0|Leon is a lonely hitman from another country.  Portman is a lonely girl from a derangged family.  This movie is so heart breaking at the end.  Jean Reno, gives a great performance and the young Natalie Portman fits the role  amazingly.  This is Titanic 1000 times more dramatic.
B000002I2I|5.0|This was the fifth album by THE DOORS released in 1970. this album contains some quality R &amp; B and superb instrumentation (which only they  can produce).    ROAD HOUSE BLUES:          It is a hardcore R &amp; B  song and very popular too.     WAITING FOR THE SUN:         R &amp; B  again, but a bit softer than road house blues.    YOU MAKE ME REAL:          No, nothing extra-ordinary about this song. Just a few minutes of rock n'  roll. Then you will hear ...    PEACE FROG:         A great song. Done with  so much style. Great playing and singing too. A pacy song.    BLUE SUNDAY:          Another great song. This was is slow (unlike the previous track) but  wonderful.     SHIP OF FOOLS:         With this song, streak of great songs  continues.    LAND HO!:         Have you heard this song? I really wondered  how much passion that guy (Morrison) was able to produce with his vocal and  writing. Superb.    THE SPY:    QUEEN OF THE HIGHWAY:    INDIAN SUMMER:          All three of them again proves quality of this group. Actually I am  running out of superlatives. Great ... Great ... Great...    Maggie M'Gill:          An average song.        Overall:         A very good album. Apart  from &quot;The Doors(1967) &quot; and &quot;L.A. Woman (1971), this album  can be counted among their best effort.
0784010188|5.0|James Cameron did an awesome job with T2.  Sequels normally are terrible when compared to the originals, but James Cameron did it.  Terminator 2 has unheard of visuals, and make-up.  The story has been told before, but  Cameron makes you feel as if it was totally new.  Good performances all  around.  Robert Patrick is especially excellent as the menacing T-1000.
6304169558|5.0|i loved this movie in the theaters i loved it on video. i still love it. it kinda gives me this insane urge to go off and chase a tornado, which i would do. i love storms. it suits me
6304639457|5.0|It's Great having this Band Back on stage Together.so many Great Songs through the years.Great Musicianship all the way here.Very Essential Performance.The Songs are Timeless A Must Have.
630382790X|5.0|this movie is just great. it is realistic, it has great performances. it's drama with some nicely spaced comedic moments. it's just uplifting. it tels of how people can just automatically pull together, and it all actually  happened. i just loved it
B00004STW3|3.0|THis Film is a Cool Spoof.Tim Burton Does a Trip Out take on 50's Movies here.Alot of Cameos.not Burton's Best but Worth Viewing still for a Laugh.
6304169558|5.0|i loved this movie in the theaters i loved it on video. i still love it. it kinda gives me this insane urge to go off and chase a tornado, which i would do. i love storms. it suits me
6304057709|5.0|This would appear to be the sort of production the Academy votes as best picture, and indeed Sense and Sensibility was duly nominated in 1996, but lost out to Braveheart.  I'm not sure why, but my guess is that Sense and  Sensibility lacked something in the minds of the members of the Academy,  call it...dirt.<br />Everything is a little too pretty, a little too clean and  well behaved in this charming adaptation of Jane Austen's first novel.  Director Ang Lee might have provided some insight into early 19th century  England by showing the poverty and squalor of the London streets instead of  just having the girls step around a little horse manure.  Lee might also  have shown that the servants had it worse than the gentry by expanding the  scene where they are let go by showing just where some of them did go.  Lee's direction hints at a wider world of poverty and real pain, but  rejects having it intrude.  Although the full force of the industrial  revolution and attendant horrors were yet to come, they might have been  presaged so that Austen's world is given perspective for the modern  audience.  Soon the skies of England would be blackened with smoke from  coal and most of its citizens turned into proletarian cogs.<br />But Austen  knew and/or cared about that not at all, and instead wrote with singular  attention about the gentry and their acquisitive aspirations and genteel  manners, and this is the novel that Emma Thompson captured so well in her  Academy Award winning screenplay.  The fact that the Dashwoods lost their  estate and had to live in a cottage and practice thrift within a budget was  a very real tragedy to Austen, although not to us.  She was obsessed with  the injustice of being a young woman without means living within a society  that allowed upward mobility by women only through marriage.  So she showed  women playing that game to perfection, and winning.<br />Emma Thompson as the  sensible Elinor Dashwood was flawless, as usual; and Kate Winslet as her  sister, the sensual Marianne who wears her heart on her sleeve, proved once  again that she is a gifted and charismatic actress second to none.  The  supporting cast, especially Elizabeth Spriggs as Mrs. Jennings, and Harriet  Walter as Fanny Dashwood, was superb.  The cinematography was gorgeous,  even arresting at times.<br />Most uncomfortable scene: Marianne being bled.  This reminds us that sometimes one has to overcome both the disease and the  physician.slet as her  sister, the sensual Marianne who wears her heart on her sleeve, proved once  again that she is a gifted and charismatic actress second to none.  The  supporting cast, especially Elizabeth Spriggs as Mrs. Jennings, and Harriet  Walter as Fanny Dashwood, was superb.  The cinematography was gorgeous,  even arresting at times.<br />Most uncomfortable scene: Marianne being bled.   This reminds us that sometimes one has to overcome both the disease and the  physician.
B000002TPS|1.0|Megadeth's &quot;Youthanasia&quot; cd, while great sounding and opening with the fairly effective &quot;Reckoning Day&quot;, is incredibly awful. Gone are the trademark complex riffs, virtuoso soloing and all-out  intensity, only to be replaced by soft, tepid songs with zero passion and  seemingly no life. Megadeth now sound like a bunch of jaded, over the hill  rockers, who are looking at their bank accounts instead of being the  innovators that they once were. &quot;Countdown To Extinction&quot;, while  not a very good effort either, at least offered some outstanding Megadeth  moments (ie the amazing &quot;Ashes In Your Mouth&quot;), albeit without  the admittedly strong production featured here on &quot;Youth...&quot; Now,  we have a group who have turned their backs on their incredibly loyal fans  and tried to follow the &quot;let's do what Metallica did so we can make  lots of cash too&quot; attitude that struck so many bands after Metallica  released their horrid &quot;Reload&quot;, &quot;Load&quot; and  &quot;Black&quot; cd's. <br />It's just so sad that a band as talented as  Megadeth could WILLINGLY write such putrid songs, especially after such  white hot thrash masterpieces &quot;Rust In Peace&quot; and &quot;Peace  Sells...But Who's Buying?&quot; Everything here seemingly moves to the same  4/4 beat! It's incredibly infuriating, especially knowing that they are  capable of stunning, jaw droppingly amazing work! There's not even a hint  of the old Megadeth sound. A total waste of time and money, and incredibly  disappointing, unless of course, you like when metal bands loose their  attitude and fire to write songs as bad as &quot;Et Tout Le  Monde&quot;...what a waste of recording tape and time. Strictly for fans of  the new direction that Metallica has taken over their last 3 or so cd's.  &quot;Rust&quot; in peace, Megadeth... we hardly new ye...
0553212737|2.0|Emma Is a bad book, fact. The only thing that gives it any value is the quality of the writing. The book is unbelievably drawn out. I fell asleep many times whilst trying to finish this book. Don't think that i don't  understand the plot or that or don't appreciate good litrature. In fact i  read the book twice and was forced to study it for two years. Anybody who  likes this book is very sad because it is just the unremarkable section of  some unremarkable people's lives. As a result your life would have to be  extremely tedious and boring for you to enjoy this waste of good paper.
0380778556|5.0|On the edge of my seat excitement and suspense; thrilling and surprise ending.  I would recommend this to anyone.  Loved it !
0767849493|5.0|To me the fact that this was sapose to be taken as a joke is a given to me but some people took offence. I appasalutly loved it! although the Golagothem was a bit much. The idea of the Meterach is hullarous! Selma  Hiack is fantastic as the muse. And chris Rock we actually got to see a  srious side (more or less) The way Ben Afflek and Matt Damon play Bartlby  and Loki is hullaous and touching the way the carecters talked about  &quot;Going home.&quot; I loved Linda Flantino as Bethany.  Silet Bob and  Jay as the two bunbling prophets is reason enough to watch it Even though  she has no lines Alanis moratese's acting is great. Everyone who as ever  doughted that God has a sence of humor has got to watch this movie
B00000IPAX|5.0|Although it is not quite as awsome as Blink 182's last CD, Dude Ranch, this CD is still great. There is not one song on the CD that I don't love. It is well worth your money so buy this CD now.
6304308388|5.0|I am not a Jack Lemmon fan.  His eternal &quot;shnookness&quot; is like nails on the blackboard to me.  I am not a Shirley MacLaine fan.  Her whimsical charm usually goes over my head, and is interpreted more often  than not as flakiness (an unspeakable crime).  That being said, I loved  them both in this movie.<br />Jack's shnookness works beautifully here.  He is  a loser; that is apparent.  But he is not only a loser.  He is actually  quite human.  He's a very lonely man who has an enormous romanticism about  him, but also a streak of the capitalistic swine too.  He knows what he is  doing all along (even though he protests that the situation is beyond his  control, don't believe it), and yet he is willing to get punched in the eye  over a situation that is not entirely his fault.  This is what makes him  human in my eyes: an equal mix of good and evil, where the good and evil  aren't necessarily absolutes.<br />Shirley MacLaine's charm here is that she  is... well... charming.  The key for me in any romantic comedy (and I know that  this is more than a romantic comedy, but the term serves my purposes here)  is that I have to - along with the male lead - fall in love with the woman  too.  And I did.  Miss Kubelik is witty and adorable, and obviously quite  vulnerable.  And she is human too.  Even with all her brains and street  smarts, she still manages to get hooked by a married man.  And hurt, too.   I can easily see why a (self-proclaimed) upstanding man like Baxter would  fall in love with her, warts and all.  He so wants to be her knight in  shining army that it hurts.<br />For a movie that contains so many dark  moments (adultery, drunkenness, an attempted suicide, and, worst of all,  insurance), it is a surprisingly uplifting movie.  What would happen if two  fundamentally flawed people, caught up in a situation that is larger and  than both of them and quite destructive, fell in love?  Could they  overcome?  I certainly hope so.  &quot;Shut up and deal,&quot; she says.   And all is forgiven.
0385495315|5.0|A combination of easy-to-understand explanations, history, suspense, and just plain fun made this the best history book I've ever read. Singh starts with Mary Queen of Scots and her fumbled plot to kill Queen Elizabeth. The  history behind the plot was explained, and then he back-tracked all the way  to the fifth century b.c. to give us an idea of where it all started from  in documented history. The author's style of creating suspense surrounding  a particular event and then giving you history on that event before he  tells you the outcome was an excellent way to keep a non history buff glued  to the pages. <br />The characters were well written within the history.  Instead of falling asleep to a list of names and dates, I was saddened to  read of the fate of Alan Turing when they discovered his secret, all fired  up about the buried treasure surrounding the Beale Papers, and laughing at  the quandry of the poor Navajos who were 'captured' by Americans who  mistook them for Japanese spies. <br />The other high quality aspect was the  cryptography explanations. Never having known much about cryptography  beyond the absolute basics behind Enigma, I found it extremely easy to  understand his explanations of how this or that cypher worked, and how  historical figures went about cracking them. Even his explanations of how  Enigma worked were simple to comprehend. Based on his explanations I'm  confident I could create coded messages myself - maybe even decipher  one!<br />It probably has a lot more to do with my ignorance of Egyptology  than the authors explanations, but the only portion of the book I didn't  like was the explanation of how the hieroglyphs were deciphered. The  explanations themselves were clear, but it seemed to me there were some  assumptions made about why people in ancient Egypt did certain things that  just seemed a bit off to me. The author was clear enough and accurate  enough about everything else that I'm assuming the fault is mine, and I'll  be reading some Egyptian history sometime soon.
0807281190|5.0|A wonderful story told in an amazing way. The beginning of an epic tale involving mystery, suspense, danger, and magic. You not only hear this book, you experience it. All of the great story-telling qualities mixed  with an absolutely amazing book. This is where it all begins, and this is  how it must be experienced. Visualize yourself as the orfaned boy wizard  and travel to the new and wonderful worlds created by  J.K. Rowling in  exquisite detail and masterfully narrarated by Jim Dale... This is a  wonderful beginning.
630587493X|5.0|This movie was so funny I could hardly stop laphing. This movie is so good and it dose have some things in it that kids that are younger then 7-10 ahould not see like sex even thow they dont show anything but still. I say  this movie is a family movie and it is good.
B000004286|5.0|This CD contains some of the greatest modern compositions available.  If you saw the movie and liked it, you'll love this cd.  I feel that even if you did not like the move ( I dont see how it is possible), you should be  able to appreciate and enjoy this beautiful music.  Buy it.
B00003CWLE|4.0|I think this movie was better then the other movies that are the same thing just a little diffrent. This movie was good but Jodie Foster did not do as good in this movie as I had hopped she would not that I am a big fan  of hers anyway but still.
B00000IQBM|4.0|Its a great movie , the scearyest of them all. And the making of the movie is great, its like hidden camera in the hotel the actors just dont seem to care about it . You see them fight and do there monday hings . No smile for  the camera like usually. The reason i rate it 4 stars is becouse i cant  wach it all alone , at least not when its getting dark. Wanna be afraid .  Rent or buy it.
0375501851|5.0|First novels are seldom like this: sure-footed, complex, funny, intricate, multidimensional, irreverent, and perfectly at ease with the English language and its ebonic distortions. It is hard to believe that a person in their early twenties would have the experiential and philosophical data base from which to inform as large a creative project as this one; but this is all we are told about Ms. Zadie Smith in the book's cover: that she is 24 years old and a graduate of Cambridge University. Neither of those conditions can account for what she has wrought.<br />She weaves themes such as racial identity, religion, sexuality, political activism, dematology, Englishness, adolescent ennui, gangsterism, war, murder, peace, genetic engineering, body contours, and toothlessness into a rambunctious, wild, energetic, and ultimately satisfying panorama. I suspect Ms. Smith will offend the Political Correct amongst us on the basis that certain things should never be spoken about. She talks about everything.<br />She has a fully developed sense of humor, Ms. Smith does, and along with it a sense of the ridiculous. Thus her surfaces are kept on the verge of slapstick, while underneath there are counter currents of sadness and of the futility of life. Characters are drawn masterfully, and therefore they are hard to forget even long after the book has been finished.<br />The signs of a true professional are a steady hand and a lack of nervousness about what they do. Ms. Smith's professionalism never abandons her, and it is for this reason that one can read her book without the fear of having to make excuses because of her tender age or her lack of writing experience.<br />I expect Zadie Smith will have an extraordinary career as a novelist. I can't wait for her next masterpiece. I recommend this one highly.
B000023VR6|4.0|Dr. Dre puts out a very good rap CD, featuring my favorite song &quot;The Next Episode&quot;....unlike most rap artists, Dr. Dre uses rhythms, hooks and original music to make his songs.<br />&quot;The Next Episode&quot; has  great musical structure with good rap....I may be a white boy from  California, but Snoop Dogg and Dr. Dre have what it shows to rap, they have  the voice, rhythm, talent and originality.<br />Of course I don't really care  for the cover showing an image of marijuana....I feel Dr. Dre should owe it  to be responsible to his young fans, and tone it a little on the explicit  lyrics, otherwise this is a very good CD.
B00003Q43A|3.0|This is a fun, fun popcorn movie, the likes of which we haven't seen in a few years.  And the DVD quality is pretty good.<br />What disappointed me were the extras on DVD 2.  Having purchased the awesome ABYSS 2-disc pack, and  having purchased the BLADE DVD (and I think the BLADE DVD extras still blow  all other extras away), the amount of material on this was disappointing.  I mean, the ABYSS DVD had the ENTIRE MOVIE in storyboards, plus the entire  original shooting script.  Why couldn't we get that here?  Instead, we get  3 scenes storyboarded, and NO script.  We get three making of specials, one  of which is cool ... but by the third one, it all seems so redundant!  IMO,  people are riding this 2-disc craze to try and make more money, but if they  keep this level of supplamental quality (or lack thereof) up, they're going  to lose sales.
1568495110|5.0|Personally, This Is One Of My Favorite Books. I Think That Many People Are Turned Away From This Book Due To The Extremely Violent Content And Horrific Crimes Described Herein, But, Beneath The Violence And Crime Is A  Masterpiece That Gives A Terrifying Vision Of A Possible Future and Poses  An Important Moral Question. The Book Has Some Connections To Christianity  That Are Represented Mainly Through The Prison Chaplain. The Big Moral  Dilemma Of The Book Is Expressed Through The Title. Alex(The Narrator), Is  Subjected To A Treatment In Prison In Which He Is Shown Films Of Violence  And Sex, While Strapped To A Chair With His Eyes Forced Open And While  Feeling Extreme Nausea, Fear, Discomfort, And Feelings Of Paralysis. After  Alex Gets The Treatment In Prison, He Becomes A &quot;Clockwork  Orange,&quot; Something That Appears To Be Alive But Is In Fact Mechanical.  The Treatment Forces Alex To Be A Non-Violent, Non-Sexual person. Just The  Thought Of Sex Or Violence Causes Him To Become Incapacitaded By Feelings  Of Extreme Nausea And Severe Discomfort. Alex No Longer Has The Freedom To  Choose How To Behave And He Becomes A Slave To Fear, The Fear Of The  Effects Of The Treatment. Consequently, These Feelings Also Appear When  Alex Hears His One True Love In Life, The Music Of Beethoven. This Is Due  to The Fact That One Of The Treatment Films Had A Piece By Beethoven  Playing In The Background. The Chaplain Sums Up The Main Theme Of The Book  In One Statement: Is A Person Truly Good If They Have No Choice Betwwen  Good Or Bad Behavior, And Are Forced To Do No Wrong. Basically, The Theme  Is The Connection Between Living And Freedom. It Seems To Me That What  Burgess Is Trying To Say Is That People Are Not Truly Alive If They Do Not  Have The Freedom To Choose How To Live Their Lives, And Without This  Choice, Are Nothing But Machines That Have The Characteristics Of Human  Beings. I Couldn't Agree More.
0062502174|5.0|This is a very sweet book about following your dreams.  The most important lesson I learned from this book is that no dream is too hard to achieve.  If there's a will there's got to be a way.
1568495110|5.0|Personally, This Is One Of My Favorite Books. I Think That Many People Are Turned Away From This Book Due To The Extremely Violent Content And Horrific Crimes Described Herein, But, Beneath The Violence And Crime Is A  Masterpiece That Gives A Terrifying Vision Of A Possible Future and Poses  An Important Moral Question. The Book Has Some Connections To Christianity  That Are Represented Mainly Through The Prison Chaplain. The Big Moral  Dilemma Of The Book Is Expressed Through The Title. Alex(The Narrator), Is  Subjected To A Treatment In Prison In Which He Is Shown Films Of Violence  And Sex, While Strapped To A Chair With His Eyes Forced Open And While  Feeling Extreme Nausea, Fear, Discomfort, And Feelings Of Paralysis. After  Alex Gets The Treatment In Prison, He Becomes A &quot;Clockwork  Orange,&quot; Something That Appears To Be Alive But Is In Fact Mechanical.  The Treatment Forces Alex To Be A Non-Violent, Non-Sexual person. Just The  Thought Of Sex Or Violence Causes Him To Become Incapacitaded By Feelings  Of Extreme Nausea And Severe Discomfort. Alex No Longer Has The Freedom To  Choose How To Behave And He Becomes A Slave To Fear, The Fear Of The  Effects Of The Treatment. Consequently, These Feelings Also Appear When  Alex Hears His One True Love In Life, The Music Of Beethoven. This Is Due  to The Fact That One Of The Treatment Films Had A Piece By Beethoven  Playing In The Background. The Chaplain Sums Up The Main Theme Of The Book  In One Statement: Is A Person Truly Good If They Have No Choice Between  Good Or Bad Behavior, And Are Forced To Do No Wrong. Basically, The Theme  Is The Connection Between Living And Freedom. It Seems To Me That What  Burgess Is Trying To Say Is That People Are Not Truly Alive If They Do Not  Have The Freedom To Choose How To Live Their Lives, And Without This  Choice, Are Nothing But Machines That Have The Characteristics Of Human  Beings. I Couldn't Agree More.
B00000JYGX|5.0|When I was in Montreal 2 years ago the local french radio stations were playing some of the songs on air such as 'Belle' and 'Le temps des cathedrales'.  My stepmother bought the french album as a gift to me.  As  soon as I recieved it I popped it into the cd player and just kept  listening to it again and again.  It is mesmerizing.            Recently,  my mother had a chance to go to London.  She wanted to know what was  playing at the theatres.  When the agent said that Notre Dame de Paris was  there, I immediately told her she had to go.  The version she saw was in  english but it was/is still fantastic.  She knew that I had the french  album so she got me the english version.  Since I am fluent in french and  english I was curious to see if the meanings or the wordings of the songs  changed.  Sometimes you lose the ideas in the translations, but you don't  miss anything here.  They (producers) have worked very hard to convey the  exact same meanings.  The music is VERY powerful.  You can almost see what  is happening without being there.  A true find and an absolute must for any  collection.  It will move you beyond imagination.  It deserves more than 5  stars.
6302797535|5.0|This is absolutely the funniest movie ever made.  I've seen it more times that I will admit, and every time I watch it I laugh hysterically.  This is a manic spoof of the &quot;locked-door&quot; mystery (think &quot;Murder on  the Orient Express&quot;)featuring spoofs of the most famous detectives of  all time, with the notable exception of Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson.   Actually, they were originally at the end of the movie, but for some reason  that scene is not included in the video.  Fortunately, I remember seeing it  as a small child. Every cast member is wonderful, upstaging the others  during his or her lines, and then passing the torch of insanity on to the  next one speaking.  Fans of the wonderful &quot;Poirot&quot; series on  A&amp;E will particularly enjoy James Coco's conceited ever-hungry, hot  chocolate guzzling Perrier.  The fact that these detectives are, in their  own words, &quot;the five greatest living criminal minds&quot; and they  freak out every time they come across a dead body (and there are plenty) is  hillarious.  This movie is very intelligent, despite the fact that it  actually makes no sense whatsoever.  Neil Simon's writing is dead-on,  literally.  I hope this movie comes out on DVD soon. For a really fun  evening, watch this movie, and then the similar &quot;Clue&quot;  immediately afterwards.  Both movies feature Eileen Brennan's character  fainting, with the butler failing to catch her!  For fans of mysteries,  spoofs, and/or great ensemble casts!
B000002HK4|4.0|A Change of Seasons is one of the greatest, most intense songs I have ever heard.  A Desert Island must have.  What follows, however, and many will disagree, is a huge letdown.  I've already heard all of those songs a  zillion times.  They should have added another 20 minutes to ACOS and  wrapped it up.  Now THAT would have been intense.
B00004RFCM|5.0|Recommended for all single women.  One of the few written from a single woman's perspective.  Not really my kind of lifestyle, but I can relate to many aspects of it.  Like it equally as Ally McBeal's.  If there's no  perfect man for me out there, I'm very much contented at being single.
B00004THAY|5.0|One of the most incredible parings of magnificent talent ever caught on cd. The instant you push play you'll be smiling. Here are two brilliant musicians, guitarists, vocalists-playing together who genuinely compliment  each other's style. You can FEEL the love and respect they have for each  other in every song.My favorite is Three O' Clock Blues-a long time BB KING  standard. You will shout for joy as BB and Eric trade licks and notes and  verses in this song. Clapton has done a wonderful job at co-producing this  disc-along with Simon Climie.  Joe Sample also comes aboard to add a  helping hand.  A MUST HAVE FOR ANY BLUES, ROCK, ERIC OR BB LOVER!
B000001GYC|5.0|This is an album that makes you love Mendelssohn even more.  The interpretations are perfect - I get flashes of Mendelssohn when I hear Daniel Barenboim's playing.  He certainly seems to do a lot of research  into the composer before attempting a recording...he must have the original  manuscripts and not those which demand excessive pedaling work (which was  not the style of Felix Mendelssohn at all, well, as far as I know anyway).   <br />In my experience some players get Mendelssohn all wrong.  Though many of  the Songs Without Words don't require virtuosity to play, they require  something special to &quot;sing&quot;.  I've never heard any other pianist  do this as well as Daniel Barenboim.
B000002LK1|5.0|<br />When Violator hit the US, I was already a die-hard Depeche Mode fan, owning every album they had put out. However, with Violator, I gained an even deeper appreciation for their writing skills, both lyrically and  orchestrally. Violator is an amazing piece of euro-alt-dance-pop that has a  huge dance floor appeal while at the same time makes one think and feel.  Hugely successful, Violator was one of those releases that crossed over  from long-time fans to a new generation and audience. <br />The release starts  in classic DM synth dance mode with the funky and \\"trip\\"-worthy \\"World in  My Eyes.\\" Released as a single, this sensual piece filled dance floors  across the country. The remix single is especially appealing with not only  great remixes of this song, but also two other non-album tracks, \\"Happiest  Girl\\" and \\"Sea of Sin.\\" [The remix cassette contains the bonus Dub In My  Eyes Mix!] Turning darker and slower, \\"Sweetest Perfection\\" has a depth and  dangerous beauty in its lyrics and orchestration that pull you deeper  within yourself as you let the music flow over you. \\"Personal Jesus\\" is a  the floor stomping first single released off Violator that was a smash hit  on and off the dance floor with its country twang flare, driving drum beat  hooks, and anthemic lyrics like \\"reach out and touch faith.\\" The remix  single for this one is especially awesome and features the phenomenal  non-album track \\"Dangerous,\\" one of the best b-sides DM ever released.  \\"Halo\\" is an amazing song and is probably my favorite on the release. With  bass, synth, and orchestral hooks that blow my mind, this masterpiece  builds into an emotional catharsis that is released by its audience dancing  and singing along wildly by the end. This, I believe, was released as a  single only in the UK (it's a very hard to find release) - this easily  could have been the fifth smash hit from Violator. Returning to ballad  mode, \\"Waiting for the Night to Fall\\" is soft, ethereal, and again  hauntingly beautiful. You just want to curl up in the dark and enjoy the  beauty of solitude with this one. Get ready to hit the dance floor again;  \\"Enjoy the Silence\\" was the second single and was an absolute smash with  its awesome beat, orchestration, and yell along chorus. The remix single  had 6 mixes and included the awesome instrumental non-album tracks,  \\"Sibeling\\" and \\"Memphisto.\\" [The cassette remix contains the bonus The  Quad: Final Mix!] I especially loved the video which was predominantly deep  blue (I love blue videos) and features Dave Gahan wandering through the  English countryside as (I believe) King Richard. \\"Policy of Truth\\" was  another single, though it didn't quite see the success of the others. The  remix single contains the bonus \\"Kaleid\\" (a very funky techno  instrumental). With an interesting guitar and ambient intro, the song soon  moves into a groovy guitar and synth driven twanger that is quite sultry  and seductive - definite dirty dancin' kinda music. Still sultry but much  slower and more subdued, \\"Blue Dress\\" is a beautifully crafted piece of  depth and emotion that sounds almost obsessive and compulsive. This  somewhat short release comes to a close with \\"Clean\\" which continues the  slower theme. However, it is much darker and hazy feeling, and it has a  sultry pulsating rhythm throughout that pulls you closer inside yourself.  <br />For me, Violator is the best DM album, and one of the best  alterno-euro-techno albums ever released. It gets a strong 5 star rating  and falls within my top 20 releases of all time. Not only is the album  amazing in its danceability and its depth of emotion, but the additional  pieces that went with marketing this piece (the remix singles and videos)  were equally impressive. The remix singles were especially awesome,  featuring not only killer remixes, but also a plethora of unreleased  material that could have filled another album! <br />I recommend this album  highly to any DM fan, late 80s/early 90sclub music fan, or anyone who  simply loves good synth beat music that can make you both dance and feel.  Don't let the fact that the releae only has 9 songs bother you - there  isn't a single song on this release that is less than perfect. Oh, and a  bonus recommendation: if you couldn't tell, get all the remix singles you  can from this one - they're worth having! <br />Some would perhaps argue that  Violator was the point at which Depeche Mode sold out. It was a huge  commercial success, spawning 4 hit singles (5 if you count the rare \\"Halo\\")  that filled dance floors and concert venues all over the world. However, I  call it justice and recognition due. Violator is a crowning achievement for  Depeche Mode's brilliant lyrical and orchestral composition talents.  Accessible to all with brilliant pieces of poetry, addictive dance beats  and techno hooks, and beautifully crafted videos, Violator achieved a  bonding between old die-hard fans and fans new to the group, a rare feat to  accomplish in the complicated world of (at least then) \\"alternative\\" music.
6300216268|5.0|1.Harold &quot;exploring &quot; The wood statue 2.maude's wicked smile when describing her nude modeling stint 3. Harold's wicked smile after his fake immolation 4. the liberation of the tree. 5. sunflowers 6. Maude's  &quot;murder&quot;&amp; Harold's bogus psychosis 7. the prune-faced  minister's objection 8.the method actress that tops Harold 9.Frothing at  the mouth scenes (now there's a dedicated actor) 10. the ubiquitous  low-rider hearse 11. Maude flinging Harold's charm into the bay so she  could&quot;always know where it is&quot;
B00004SYWZ|5.0|I have long awaited this CD, and appropriately, it came out on my birthday!   And what a gift it is.  I have long been a fan and until this CD, my favorites were Stay On these Roads and Memorial Beach, but Minor  Earth blows them away!  It's incredibly melancholy, but the music is  arranged in such a way that it's so haunting, you can't turn it off. The  lyrics are fantastic--filled with meaning and there's no bubble gum here.   Each song can actually relate to tender life experiences we've all  had--life moves on just like summers;  the bitterness of an impending  break-up: ie, you'll never get over me.  WOW, is all I can say.  I listened  to it 15 time the first day I bought it and it still wasn't enough.  My  only concern is, how can A-ha top this album the next time they  record?
B00004T9UF|5.0|Gosh Marshall Mathers is TRUTH, his whole album tells listeners that he is disgusted with the world around him. He expresses the pains he that he had went through before he became a star. He really tells listeners how how  viscious and animalistic mankind is. You got to hand it to Mathers, you  will never hear such a real person cursing out so many celebraties and  family members  .He isn't just some Will Smith wanna be who raps about a  paradise that doesn't exist he talks about hatred and how people really get  along in this physical world. So those who don't like this album are people  who don't like to hear the truth, because that is what the album focuses on  Realism.  (keep that in mind).....Until next time...peace
B00001SIES|5.0|I bought showbiz after much hype surrounding Muse....i was not disappointed.  This album is astonishingly angry.  A album about deception and heartbreak.  Matt Bellamys voice always a strong instrument is as  powerful if not more so than Radiohead.  So go on, treat yourself buy  it!<br />Listen to Fillip and Muscle Museum and you will agree
B000002B1M|5.0|This album wasn't as underground as Illmatic and certainly did not sound like &quot;memory Lane&quot;. But it was still very intense and real. NAS is what lyrical poetry defines. Barry R.!
0446677450|3.0|I have to admit this book does take you at a pace slow enough for a grade school child to follow.<br />This book does highlight much information that the everyday citizen may not know.  This book does have a lot of tips on  making your pile of money grow and grow. <br />I think most people could  benefit from reading this book. It definately wouldn't hurt. In fact, it  could help get you on the right track towards the money goals you may  already have.   The only problem I have with this book is that people would  be a little closer to their goals of being the richest wo/man alive if they  saved the money they would be spending on this book.<br />Duh!<br />And no, I am  NOT saying don't read this book. This book is all about saving money and  money insight tips. And being the nice guy I am, here is your first tip;  Before you slap your hard earned 'poor dad' money down for this one, you  should check for it at your local library.  Yea, good idea! You're welcome.
0440234743|1.0|John Grisham is one of my favorite authors.  This story is slow moving and has little intrigue.  It is more about a trip through the jungle than a legal thriller.
0380789019|5.0|This book is the most spell-binding novel that I've read in some months.  It combines a little fantasy and a little horror with British wit to create one of the most original books in some time.  The villains are creepy, the  protagonists likable, and the overall effect of the novel is that of a  rather odd dream that you don't want to end...<br />Which is precisely what  Neil Gaiman, creator of The Sandman, would want.
0375703764|2.0|House of Leaves is ambitious, I'll give it that much.  Not many writers have been able to take experiments with the form into the mainstream and do it successfully.  And, yes, Danielewski takes expermental forms into the  mainstream, but he doesn't do it successfully.<br />It's an interesting book  to look at.  A good converstation piece, something for the coffeetable, but  the story is more than a little weak.  Conceptually, the story of the  house, the documentary, is facinating.  In the first fifty pages or so, it  is even a bit chilling.  But, unfortunately, it is a novel with two  stories: and the man who brings it to us, Johnny Truant, is barely a  character, and even if he existed in more than two dimensions I wouldn't  care.  I found myself while reading the book cursing aloud when Danielewski  tried some weak transition into Truant's portions of the book -- stories,  mainly, of the women who threw themselves at him and with whom he slept  with in a rather pathetically disoriented fashion.  While I applaud the  attempt to write a horror novel in a different mode, I found myself wishing  the story had been told in a more straightforward fashion.  Boiled down to  the element that anyone would care about, it had the ideas of Stephen  King's best work and the execution of a pimply high school kid who's just  read Pynchon for the first time.  In fact, to read the press on the book  jacket now, I'm offended that Danielewski's forgettable, gimmicky book  should be compared to people like Pynchon who tell a story in an avante  garde fashion.  They tell their stories in such a way because that's the  only way they can really be told.  Danielewski tells his story that way  because he thinks it's cool.
B00000FCBC|4.0|Personally I didn't expect Metallica to be such a great cover band! I was forced to change my mind as soon as I listened to this stunning record: It's electric, Sabbra Cadabbra are among my favourites... but the whole  disc is excellent. The secord disc contains echoes of the early metallica  (the speed-metal ones) and will probably appeal to die-hard fans!
B00000I5Y6|5.0|This is that rare best of album that actually features the band's best of. Not sacrificing longer tracks for shorter pieces (well, Magnum Opus maybe, but...) this collection truly gives a good overview of Kansas. The radio  hits are here: Carry On, The Wall, Hold On, Point of No Return, and of  course, Dust In The Wind, but even they feature prog overtones. But it's  the longer pieces that show the band's excellent musicianship, like Song  For America, No One Together, The Pinnacle, and Closet Chronicles. All in  all, a good place to start if you're just getting into Kansas.
0140177396|5.0|Favor #1: Don't read the review entitled &quot;Of Mice and Men is a book about two ranchworkers in the 1930&quot; by &quot;a reader from New London, Minnesota.&quot;  The reviewer gives away the entire story of the  book.<br />Favor #2: Buy and read this book.  It's downright terrific, in a  tragic way.  Moreover, it's easily readable within a single afternoon.
B000002J1C|5.0|This is Yes's best studio album, and one of the best progressive rock albums of all-time. Every song is good, indeed, I would say the only song that isn't a masterpiece is A Venture. However, the best songs are Yours Is  No Disgrace, I've Seen All Good People, Perpetual Change (which would later  become even better when performed live), and of course, Starship Trooper.  Steve Howe's acoustic showpiece Clap, is also very good. You cannot go  wrong with this album.
0446677450|2.0|Kinda like all the hype with the new Star Wars movie...only to be left alone at the altar...good for Robert...he just made more money from the poor!
0449911357|5.0|The Whistle Stop Cafe is a place that any reader would want to visit.  I read this book in hard back when it first came out and re-read it again as a paperback recently.  I laughed and cried all over again.  The story is as  fresh today as it ever was -- not too many novels can make that claim.
B00000IPAX|5.0|hey!  Enema of the State is the best.  All of the songs are abviously different in both beat and words, unlike Britany Spears, where every song is the same.  The songs vary from Adams song to Mutt.  They all are really  catchy great songs that show off both Mark and Toms vocals and instruments  as well as Travis great drumming skills.  I really recommend that everyone  gets this CD except for Teenyboppers because they would never be able to  appreciate music like this to begin with. The only problem with this CD, is  that unlike in Cheschire Cat, or Dude ranch, they don't talk or do funny  skit-like things. otherwise, it is the best!
0449911357|5.0|The Whistle Stop Cafe is a place that any reader would want to visit.  I read this book in hard back when it first came out and re-read it again as a paperback recently.  I laughed and cried all over again.  The story is as  fresh today as it ever was -- not too many novels can make that claim.
0446677450|4.0|As others have said. This book does not take much to read. I read it over two nights. It still has much to offer, and I came away with a new way of looking at money and my future.<br />I take heart in the fact that Kiyosaki is  rich. So he must know what he is talking about. I also take heart in the  fact that this book is so simple that I wonder why I didn't think about  it.<br />It only takes a few hours to read, and will get you thinking about  what you do with money. It does raise more questions than answers, but  maybe that is what it is meant to do. Perhaps it is meant to stir something  inside that finally takes action.<br />I'm glad I read it, and have started on  his Investment book with a view to read his Quadrant book. I certainly have  plans to be rich.
0446677450|5.0|The author in no way advocates not going to college, or doing well in school. Rather, he challenges his readers to think of other means of earning money than your '9 to 5' which rarely gets one to their life goals. If you can look at it as a new way to think, a suggestion to develop new ideas, you will probably be as happy with this book as I was!...
0440234743|5.0|I love to see Mr. Grisham writing about incidents outside of the courtroom. I enjoyed the trip to South America a lot. I felt like I was down there with him. He described it so well. The plot was so good and I  loved the ending. He did a great job of describing the greedy little  relatives in the story. It made you really hate them. Please write more  books like The Brethren and The Testament.
B000003GBN|5.0|This recording dates back to the second part of the Fifties and is still young and fresh.  This is the Great Chicago Symphony conducted by the builder of that greatness.  And this is one of the best performed 5th's I  have heard so far.  The Seventh Symphony included is a real beauty: it's  Second Movement is particularly touching and the Last Movement of the  Symphony as rendered is an &quot;allegro con brio&quot; where YOU KNOW the  members of the Orchestra are right at the edge of their seats putting their  hearts on their playing.  They play with passion and ingenuity! .  The  Coriolan Overture has a majesty and magnificence very hard to describe.   Buy this CD and for that money you will get with bonuses the Greatness of  Beethoven by means of this brilliant Maestro and the Orchestra he helped to  put in the Map of the Best Orchestras in the World.  A true Winner!
0785787135|5.0|this is one of the best books Ive read. Its kinda long but every page of the book is exeptional. Its an authurian story but from the female characters points of veiws, it switches from girl to girl. the main  character it focuses on is morgain le fay. it shows her sorrows, her  happiness, and her fears. unlike other arthurian legends morgause is the  sister of the lady Igraine, not the sister of Igraine. another thing I  liked about this book is the way it kinda had the point of veiw of the  pagans, not just the britons (it did have the britons point of veiw too)  Lady of avalon and the forest house are both good, but not as good mists of  avalon. its hard to come up with words to describe this fasinating story  with. It is definately one of the best books Ive read. I think that  everyone should read this book!
B00004THAY|5.0|This is the best of two worlds.  I am not a big blues fan.  However this is easy to listen to and keeps your toes tapping and your body moving.  I recommend this even if you think you dont like theblues.  If you love good  rock it is really wonderful.
0785787135|5.0|this is one of the best books Ive read. Its kinda long but every page of the book is exeptional. Its an authurian story but from the female characters points of veiws, it switches from girl to girl. the main  character it focuses on is morgain le fay. it shows her sorrows, her  happiness, and her fears. unlike other arthurian legends morgause is the  sister of the lady Igraine, not the sister of Igraine. another thing I  liked about this book is the way it kinda had the point of veiw of the  pagans, not just the britons (it did have the britons point of veiw too)  Lady of avalon and the forest house are both good, but not as good mists of  avalon. its hard to come up with words to describe this fasinating story  with. It is definately one of the best books Ive read. I think that  everyone should read this book!
B00001QEG5|5.0|Tis album was unfortunately the swansong of the band. It was overlooked and underrated by the critics. Real American Rock lovers however dont take it that way. Hard core fans may disagree but for my personal opinion this  is the best Twisted release ever. Songs were all catchy and album just gets  better and better with every listening. Even the gaps between songs are so  short this album is guaranteed to leave you breathless. From the great  opener &quot;wake up&quot; to the last cut a twisted rollercoaster take the  listener to the heaven of hard rock of 80s. Just for the song &quot;hot  love&quot; this album can be purchased. Album cover is also one of my  personal favourites ever. If you are in the good ol' US hard rock of 80s  dont miss this one.They dont make them they used to. A damn good &amp;  twisted release.
B000001Y2U|5.0|When you listen to Antichrist Superstar for the first time, it's best to listen to it straight through while reading along with the lyrics in the booklet, which I was lucky enough to have done. After hearing it all the  way through, you will have taken a journey through the complex and  intriguing life of Brian Warner, also known as Marilyn Manson. You begin in  the middle of the story, then go through to the end, skipping back and  forth between Manson's past and present, and finally ending up back where  you started, in the middle. It's really hard to explain, but easy to  understand once you've heard it.<br />The album is divided up into three  sections, or &quot;cycles&quot;, each of which serve their own purpose and  meaning. The songs are grouped according to their significance in Manson's  life...&quot;The Beautiful People&quot;, one of my favorite Manson songs,  begins the trip back into time, beginning the tale of Manson's upbringing.  The album eventually leads into Manson's revolt against authority, his rise  to stardom, his regrets and misfortunes in reaching fame, and ultimately,  his demise.<br />Antichrist Superstar is one of the most, if the most,  abstract albums I've ever heard. Not only are the songs and lyrics  abstract, but the order of the songs and the booklet imagery and lyrics are  as well. I'm sure a lot of people bought this album purely to headbang to  (as I did), but took the time to listen to it and take in the true meaning.  After hearing Antichrist Superstar, I was convinced that Marilyn Manson was  not at all about shock appeal, and I gained a whole new respect for him as  a musician as well as a person. Buy this album, and be prepared to be  moved, in a good and a bad way.
0375703764|1.0|This is absolutly the worst &quot;book&quot; I have ever read! &quot;A great novel&quot;, &quot;Sublimely creepy&quot;, &quot;House of Leaves actually gave me nightmares&quot;. These are some of the comments on the  back cover that caught my attention. This &quot;book&quot; is full of  appendixes, footnotes, and &quot;anyalitical critiques&quot; from  &quot;outside experts&quot; commenting on what is suposed to be the main  story. If there was a main story here, it went way passed me. I purchased  this book for a new experience in horror fiction. The only thing horrific  about it was the $20.00 I wasted on buying it. If you feel you need to read  this book because of how interesting the reviewers make it sound, take my  advise, check it out from your local library. Makes for an easy return.
B00000J7J4|5.0|This one needed no repeat listens! As usually, Mr. Santana's brilliant guitar sounds showed through right away. It seems as though he's been a new man since his extradition from Upper Volta. I just love the eclecticism of  this CD thanks to the diversitity of artists Mr. Santana performed with.  Yet the sounds are always backed up by the rock-ribbed virtuousity of  Carlos' guitar. He's a legend! I like the reggae-ish duet with Eagle-Eyed  Cherry. I have to admit that it took me awhile to get used to  &quot;Smooth&quot;, Carlos' duet with Backstreet Boys singer Rob Thomas.  Even this has grown on me though. Kudos, again, to Carlos!
6304508611|5.0|The most scary thing in this masterpiece is, undoubtly, the Jesus Christ figurine which appears in just two secuences: Enough to haunt you forever. On a second thougth, &quot;scary&quot; is not the best word to describe it:  &quot;Grim&quot; could be better suited. The horrifying transformation it  suffers just before the house goes up in flames, is really worth the entire  movie: If you pay attention, you will notice it ends resembling Carrie´s  only date: Tommy;  being a witness to Carrie´s final destruction.<br />I was a  teenager when the movie first released, and the entire high school motif  quite appeals to me. One of my dearest moments is the final scene: Every  one of my dates ended weeping in my arms!
B00003Q43A|5.0|This DVD with it's exeptional sound was almost exactly like the theatre.  With a larger screen at home it would of been just as good.  The behind the sceens really take you into the making of the movie. It reveals everything  about the special effects!
B0000024SI|5.0|Dylan's first all-electric album may have dated somewhat, but it remains a fascinating and extremely powerful symbol of the 60s counterculture. With his extraordinary surreal imagery and literary references, the greatest  songwriter of this century brought to rock music an intellect and  respectability no one had thought it capable of possessing. This album is  raw, unfinished; admittedly, it lacks the formal perfection of its great  successor `Blonde on Blonde'- but that doesn't make it any the less  impressive or significant. The album opener `Like a Rolling Stone' holds a  unique place in rock history, and is even considered by many to be THE  defining rock song (I personally admire the track more than I actually  enjoy listening to it); the closer, `Desolation Row' is a sparsely  arranged, musically economical 11-minute long number that breaks new ground  in surrealistic poetry (`Einstein disguised as Robin Hood....') Whether or  not one reads any actual deep-rooted meaning in these lyrics, the fact  remains (though this may sound hypocritical) that such songs were  absolutely essential at the time, for popular music to acquire the  much-needed respect that had hitherto been denied it. Stacked between these  two bookends are gems like the haunting `Ballad of a Thin Man', `Just like  Tom Thumb's Blues', the wickedly funny title track, and the absolutely  superb `Tombstone Blues'.  Decidedly an album that changed the course of  popular music forever.
B00000JCOV|3.0|Needed more edge and death to the music. It sounds so monotonous. If you've listended to the versitality of KoRn, Limp Bizkit, Static X etc before, you'll find the album a big disappointment. Interesting in the  begin, boring in the end. But none the less, if you like quick metal, with  alot of mumbling and you're rich, buy the album. But I recommend Mission  Impossible:2 OST since it got some REAL hard rock without unneccesary  swearing (includes fantastic songs by Metallica, Limp Bizkit, Rob Zombie,  etc).
0767903854|5.0|If you want to learn about Australia and can't decide among the many excellent histories, natural histories, and travel guides, buy this book. It's fascinating, accurate, helpful--and you're guaranteed to laugh out  loud, over and over again.
B00004STPT|5.0|Just as Bach dominated the Baroque era and Mozart the Classical surely now with the release of the Gladiator Soundtrack, Hans Zimmer can be credited alongside such greats as Williams and Horner as one of the architects of  this century's musical genre - the motion picture soundtrack.  For this  work, Zimmer eschews his typical form of fusilades of synthesised  instruments and heavy beat in favour of full and sweeping orchestral  melodies.  That said, the music is far from lacking the passion and force  of writing synonymous with the composer.  Interlaced are the ethereal  vocals of co-writer Lisa Gerrard and delicate and haunting instrumental  solos.  All in all a breath-taking album which brilliantly echos the epic  scale of the movie for which it was written.  This is a highly polished  score showing a maturity of writing which makes it arguably Zimmer's best  work to date.
B000000WA4|4.0|Ah, &quot;Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness.&quot;  The double-album which propelled the Smashing Pumpkins from mere modern alt-rock stars into modern alt-rock deities, claiming 8 million in sales 'twixt the two frosty  discs.  The concept piece that sling-shot Billy Corgan's ego-centric  ambitions (the &quot;Aeroplane Flies High&quot; boxed set would soon  follow) into the stratosphere, nevermind the other session musicians (oops,  I mean, &quot;band members...&quot;).  Though I can never look at the cover  of my copy without thinking of fruit.<br />Anyhow, this album's laudation is  deserved, as it's a greater piece of work than &quot;Siamese Dream.&quot;   Musically, it's sort of an updated version of Pink Floyd's &quot;The  Wall&quot; for the modern disenfranchised teen.  Naturally, there are  fifteen years worth of differences: &quot;Mellon Collie&quot; rocks a lot  harder, and the conceptual integrity is more vague; the tracks don't  stream-line into one another like on &quot;The Wall,&quot; in fact, one  wouldn't know it a concept album at all except for the arty packaging of  the CDs and the liner notes denoting it a voyage into the day of the  average despondent teen, &quot;dawn to dusk, twilight to starlight.&quot;   And with many concept albums, there are the outstanding &quot;hits,&quot;  the excellent radio-overlooked material, the so-so material, and just plain  filler.  Billy Corgan and co. shift gears with ease between sensitive  ballads with twinkling pianos and warm guitars and bludgeoning,  distorted-to-death shoegazer metal (a sound you might say the Smashing  Pumpkins spearheaded).  The first disc is a stronger ensemble of material  than the second, though overall there are more hits than misses to be  enjoyed here, and the influences are very eclectic.  Basically, if you  entertain an interest at all in the odd breed of 90s alt-rock anti-heroes  that the genre has begat us, you owe it to yourself to include &quot;Mellon  Collie&quot; in your collection (or, if you, uh, like, dig the singles on  the radio).<br />As Spin magazine said, Billy Corgan's songwriting has the  unique ability to encapsulate the awkward adolescent in all of us, and with  many bands, that would be a severe liability, betraying the music as  something we'd only enjoy during a naïve phase in our lives.  Here however,  such a characteristic is the whole point, whether that angst and shadow  within your soul has had its day or is alive and kicking.
630025111X|5.0|I rank it as one of the all-time best movies ever made--- for those who love the American West and that way of life. If you like &quot;Shane&quot;, Jerm. Johnson, and similar--- you will like this movie. Mama Cass's  rendition of &quot;The Good Times are Coming&quot; is perfect. It has been  30 yrs-- and I still love the atmosphere and story of this GEM!
B00004U30D|5.0|i go to work to sell my soul, and thinking i now numb, cold.  but as i sat and saw this movie it reminded me of what i forgot, the inate beauty in life around us in the city and all around us is american beauty.
B000002OTL|5.0|I immediately fell in love with Pulp Fiction Soundtrack.  In fact, after watching the movie (which, by the way, is excellent, and I would not hesitate to put it higher than 95th in the list of the hundred best movies  of the century by the Academy) over six times, I realized that not only  Tarantino's authenticity and originality were astonishing, but the music  itself was fairly sufficient to call it a masterpiece.  <br />    The idea of  putting some dialogue in the soundtrack is absolutely phenomenal, for it  may make us recall some terrific scenes of the movie, which we could listen  to or watch, or both, over and over again.<br />     The unequal terrific  thing about that soundtrack is that it covers globally and perfectly the  most important parts of the movie.  Listening to it carefully and trying to  associate the songs with the scenes in which they are heard should be the  same, or so, as watching the movie.  All the important songs are there,  nothing's missing (or at least, it doesn't give you any impression  something's missing).<br />     Brilliant was the idea to put the songs in  chronological order or almost, for it gives you a very strong feeling you  are watching Pulp Fiction itself.<br />     The violent ending of Ezekiel  25:17 will let you in an overwhelming feeling of satisfaction.  You will  absolutely not regret buying this one... guaranteed!
B00003CX6P|2.0|The Talentless Mr Ripley, The Talented Mr Ripoff, The Tastleless Mr Ripley...pick your bad review cliche here, but they're all true. This movie was like its main charcter; a master of nothing, trying to be something,  and wandering aimlessly. 1999 seemed to be awash in bad pictures that were  nominated for academy awards, and this one falls right in line!From the  beginning there are so many holes in this story of a man trying to live the  life of another, that it is almost impossible to understand the intent of  what you are watching.Was this movie supposed to be the insight into a  serial killer of the 1940's or 50's? How did Matt Damons charcter turn  homicidal so quickly? Jude Law was alright as the 1 dimensional charcter he  portrayed, but Oscar material? C'mon, he doesn't even live through half the  movie. The always good Phil Seymour Hoffman ( a favorite of director Paul  Thomas')I could see having to be offed, as he was an obstacle to Ripley.  But why kill Paul at the end? It served no purpose but to try to bring the  meandering movie to a close!It also made no sense when Ripley turned  homosexual almost overnite. I can understand his so wanting to be Greenleaf  that he even fell in love w/him in his own way. But Ripley was engaged to  be married, and all of the sudden he loves Greenleaf, and then Paul? Were  we also watching a movie about a character searching for his sexual  identity as well as his purpose in life? Gwenyth Paltrow &amp; Cate  Blanchett were thrown into this vehicle for obvious star power that wasn't  called for. Neither accumulated much screen time. Like the rest of the  movie,their talent was wasted here, as was the viewers time.
B00004THAY|5.0|ALL I CAN SAY IS A DREAM COME TRUE!
B00000JCB2|5.0|Keepin' it real, World wide baby, Limp Bizkit's in the house, I'd like to dedicate this album to every, For It Rules! Ready Buy SSSSSOOOOOOOO GET THIS F**KING ALBUM!
B00003CX6P|3.0|In regards to movies as an art form, `The Talented Mister Ripley' easily scores five stars out of the possible five. However, if you watch movies for pure entertainment, this movie would barely scratch by with one. <br />      Ever since I started getting interested in film I have had frequent  debates about what makes a movie great. I guess it really comes down to a  combination of art form and raw entertainment. This movie has all the  elements a film needs to be a work of art; brilliant cinematography, an  equal in quality film score, a close to flawless script, and top notch  acting from an all-star cast. Instantly you are in the 50s and surrounded  by beautiful Italian landscape. Matt Damon, Gwineth Paltrow, and Judd Law  deliver their best performances to date, giving this Hitchkock-esc film a  chance to be one of the best thrillers of all time. Philip Seymour Hoffman  plays Dickie Greenleaf's spoiled friend Freddie Miles and proves again why  he is one of the rising stars in Hollywood. All of these elements combined  create a believable plot no matter how psychotic it turns.                 <br />        Reminiscent to the main characters of the movie `Very Bad  Things', Tom Ripley tries to cover up past events by killing anyone who  gets in his way. This was an entertaining string of events in the movie  `Very Bad Things', however it didn't work so well in this movie.  Many of  the others that wrote reviews about this flick have claimed that after each  killing they found themselves attached more to the plot and closer to the  edge of their seat. I, however, went in the opposite direction due to the  slow evolvement of the plot and the longevity of the film. Unfortunately  the lack in entertainment is why this movie is not one of the best  thrillers of all time.                <br />       We are presented here with  an amazing idea for a film, an inferior person assuming the identity of  someone else to improve personal status. However the product of thisamazing idea is less than it's potential. If the answer to the question  what makes a movie great is that it must be equally entertaining as  artistic, then `The Talented Mister Ripley' ends up with a compromising  three stars out of five.
B00004SCX6|5.0|When I heard Britney's previous debut album, ...Baby One MoreTime, I thought she had some potential, but she had a limited amountgood songs...mostly by Max Martin.  I was greatly impressed at her improvement with this album.  Her voice has matured from a young teenage girl to more that of a young woman.  Her voice probably has some more maturing to do, but it's come a long way...  END
0792838912|4.0|Mickey Rourke is a wall street exec (miscast) and Kim Bassinger is an art dealer (miscast).  They meet and fall in sex and act like sex  fiends during most of the movie (perfect casting.)  They do it in at least  15 different places indoors and outdoors and in as many different  positions: and some you may not have thought of.  Not that this isn't done  erotically, but at the risk of being called a non-realist, I ask:  &quot;What's the point?&quot;  (I mean besides celebrating the fact that  nice looking people can act like animals.)  Anyway, Kim decides after 66  days that she should end their relationship.  It is never made clear why,  except that she may be exhausted.  Bruce says she was the best.   &quot;Won't you please come back&quot;, he whispers after she leaves. What  a guy!  Four stars for sex. (Really, two, for script.)
6305363668|4.0|I love the narrated version. I saw it in the movie theater and on video may times, and frankly I liked the voice of Ford telling his impressions of the other characters and the story line. But not having the narration  leaves the viewer to draw his or her own conclusions, and the added footage  makes the movie even better. This is a classic futuristic film without all  the made-up monsters and gooey gore - it's raw and gritty either way. And  of course, seeing Harrison Ford in an early role, before he became  president of the United States or ``the good doctor'' is an exciting  adventure. He's self-centered, mercenary and not such a nice guy after all.  That's the best part of this film.
0440539811|5.0|Aside from the one scathing review I read here that was obviously a Discordian prank, the outrage of crypto-moralists, the snotty dismissal by more &quot;seriously academic&quot; (i.e. full of themselves and in need of  a good pie in the face), and the lovely &quot;turd&quot; review by one  unfortunate Objectivist offended by the &quot;Telemachus Sneezed&quot;  portion of the book lampooning Ayn Rand are the best reasons I can think of  to run--don't walk--and buy this book.<br />Whether you love it or hate it,  your intellectual and humorous juices will flow. Wilson and Shea never set  out to answer anything, only to question everything. The subversion  questions &quot;upright morality&quot; but spins around to question itself  before long. The book contradicts itself gloriously, and gives a  near-perfect mixture of high thought, low camp, and pure optically-absorbed  LSD.<br />The whole point is summed up in the line from the painting on  Hagbard's wall in the yellow (well, golden) submarine: &quot;Think for  yourself, schmuck!&quot;<br />And as for the parts which were derivative,  well...are you really uptight or naive enough to think that the authors  didn't know this? They show in the course of the book that they did. My  only regret after reading the trilogy was that it ended. Thank goodness for  Wilson's other work! <br />As an aside, Pynchon, Eco, et al would probably  laugh at their own partisans using them as an excuse to trash this  imperfect, vexing, and above all FUN piece of work!
0679805273|5.0|I recieved this book from a special teacher as I graduated from high school.  I had never read it, so I eagerly opened the cover to see what lied inside.  I found it such an excellent and moving book about life that  I thought Dr. Seuss wrote it specifically for me.  The truth about life is  there are always obstacles to overcome, but still &quot;you will move  mountains.&quot;  His lively and comical words are just as indispensable  as his wonderfully colored and creative illustrations.  A truly magnificent  book because it is about something we all have to go through:life.  A great  gift for people beginning new phases in thier life or a rewarding read just  for yourself.  Remember &quot;Life is a Great Balancing Act&quot; and you  can succeed even if you fall into the Slump for awhile or visit the Waiting  Place for quite some time.  Soon again you will be off in your balloon and  &quot;Oh, the places you'll go!&quot;
0064407667|2.0|As my title suggests, I thought this book was a failure. I found the plot simple and, although imaginitive, extremely predictable. The author came across completely full of himself, in more ways than one. The constant little reminders that &quot;If you like stories with happy endings, you  should quit reading here,&quot; were constant and, for lack of a better  word, annoying, as I found nothing frightening at all about the book, and  felt them a waste of paper. The only reason I gave the book two stars was  because I thought the idea, that nothing good shall ever happen to the  children, was a good one.But it got way too old, way too fast. I also  didn't enjoy the way the story would be interrupted with explanations about  &quot;big words.&quot; What is the point of that? I have seen Lemony  Snicket's books compared to Harry Potter, but I see nothing in common at  all. While Harry Potter is a well-written, highly enjoyable series, I found  the Bad Beginning to be just that, a BAD book.
B00000JCB2|5.0|I love this Cd it has great songs great lyrics and Limp Bizkit rules. My favorite song is N together now Limp rules.
B000002UAO|5.0|Rubber Soul is another classic album by the best band ever. How come Stones fans dont recognize that there band is second...havent the stones done nothing but tarnish there reputation in the past 28 years...well they  are both great...back to the review. All six singles are amazing (Drive my  Car, Norwegian Wood, Nowhere Man, Michelle, Girl, In My Life) But there are  some other great songs like Think For Yourself and I'm Looking Through You
B000002U8G|5.0|It is very odd that such an album I had never even heard of 7 months ago could mean so much to me. But this one does. It is not my favorite, but after owning it only a day as I write this, All I can say is that it is up  there. Way up there. Pink Floyd is arguably the greatest band who ever  formed, next to the Beatles.
B00004T9UF|5.0|i recently bought eminem's newest cd The Marshall Mathers LP and i have not stopped listening to it. it is the best cd i have ever bought and i am really glad he made it. i hope everyone else who has bought it or is  thinking about buying it enjoys it as much as i do. i am very happy that  his was the top selling solo artist album because he really deserves it.
B000002NJS|5.0|I am a big fan of real electronica music and the last thing I ever expected was that one of the best albums of that genre would be a Madonna album. But she proved me wrong. Instead of creating the cheap sugar pop  &quot;electronic music&quot; so popular nowadays (Eiffel 65, Aqua, etc.),  she actually went for the darker, more daring work of producers like  William Orbit. To top it off, &quot;Ray of Light&quot; has deep and  meaningful lyrics that talk about everything from mysticism to death to  sexual desire. The title track (&quot;Ray of Light&quot;) will go down in  history as one of the best songs ever recorded. Aside from the single  releases, the album has a lot of hidden jewels in it, like the electro-rock  track &quot;Candy Perfume Girl&quot;, an extremely rough rave track called  &quot;Skin&quot;, the minimalist-yet-brilliant &quot;Mer Girl&quot; and the  Indian flavored &quot;Shanti/Ashtangi&quot;. All in all this is the best  album of 1998 and one of the best albums of all time. Definitely worth your  money...
630407185X|4.0|A host of soon to be Hollywood superstars as well as unforgetable old timers come together in this masterpiece of epic proportions. Capturing an exciting and action packed atmosphere in the first tape that transforms  into a powerfully tragic tone in the second, the film itself carries a  powerful anti-war message. Fine performances all around.
B000002UYZ|5.0|The Red Album has two bad things... It is much to short it could fit on one cd with room to spare... They missed some key songs like &quot;I Saw Her Standing There&quot;, &quot;Twist and Shout&quot;, &quot;Do You Want to  Know a Secret&quot;, &quot;Till There Was You&quot;. But the songs are  first rate. The first disc is the Beatles complete pop period. Even though  its great its the worst Beatles period. The second disc contains much  better songs. Some are the greatest ever, and it shows that they were  evolving.   This for a Beatles greatest hits album does a very good job of  covering the Beatles first four years. Revolver only has two songs but  thats because those were the two hits from that album. You should pick up  all there albums instead of this, but if your not a huge Beatles fan then  pick this and its sister &quot;blue album&quot; up 1967-1970
B00003CX5A|5.0|How could you not love this movie. The visuals are top notch and the music makes the whole thing flow. This is one of Tim Burton's best. Even though the movie isn't too frightening, that's not what i was expecting. Put this  movie on late at night, turn up the surround sound and enjoy.
B00004TH6O|2.0|Everytime I listen to this it reminds me of 80's new wave...like flock of seagulls or something or that techno rock. This is pretty far removed from stoner rock. On its own without any preconceived notions its probably OK  but not what I expected.
B000020617|5.0|Dave Grohl has always been one of my favorite musicians.  He's funny, doesn't take himself to seriously, and can really rock out.  These atributes can not only be said about Grohl himself, they also apply to his  band.  This CD is a great rock CD and is one you can surely listen to over  and over again.
B000002UDB|5.0|Magical Mystery Tour was just an EP for the movie and some singles thrown together as an album. But all of this stuff is first rate. Strawberry Fields Forever and The Fool on the Hill are the best songs. But every one  of these songs are great
B00000427L|5.0|These are brilliant performances of Sergei Rachmaninov's  four piano concertos! Pianist Vladimir Ashkenazy originally recorded them with the London Symphony Orchestra and conductor Andre Previn at Kingsway Hall in  London in 1972. Ashkenazy demonstrates superb artistry and musicianship on  this &quot;Decca Double Decker&quot; CD set, playing each concerto with  extraordinary warmth and expressiveness.  The LSO's accompaniment is  outstanding in both its poetry and precision.  I found the slow movement of  Concerto No. 3 to be particularly enjoyable for its depth of feeling.  The  digitally remastered sound is absolutely outstanding, aided by the warm  ambience of Kingsway Hall. Awarded a three-star rating (signifying &quot;an  outstanding performance and recording in every way,&quot;) by the  &quot;Penguin Guide to Compact Discs,&quot; this two-CD set should not be  missed my any fan of Rachmaninov's music.
B000021Y74|5.0|The plot is simple: Lola's boyfriend Manny gets dropped in the grease when he loses a fortune that belongs to a gang of thugs. Of course, they want to kill him. Of course, he knows his cool and devoted girlfriend, Lola, will  figure out a way to get ahold of the money. And of course, she  realistically doesn't have enough time to do it.<br />What to do? Get the cash  from Rich Banker Daddy? Steal the money? Win it?<br />This is a Euro-slick  film, shot like a music video. It asks, &quot;So she failed that time...but  what if she tried it ANOTHER way?&quot; The audience follows Lola as she  chases down the money...she does it again and again.<br />Even though Manny  is no choirboy, and Lola is not exactly Mother Teresa, you cheer for her  and urge her on as the action speeds up. I liked Lola because she faces the  problem head-on and then does what she's gotta do. The movie is a pleasure  to watch, with none of the heavy-handed angst European films so often get  slammed for.
B000023VR6|5.0|Oh man, I love this CD. The beats are so danceable and the lyrics really speak to the listener. I love the next episode because it's just so phat!
B000002NJS|5.0|Madonna has outdone herself with this album. It is simply brilliant. The lyrics are deep and carry alot to be thought about. The music behind the lyrics is mainly synthesized and I think tracks such as &quot;Frozen&quot;  and &quot;Little Star&quot; sound better as Orchestral/Instrumental, but  still, they are wonderful. With the secrecy behind her new upcoming album  &quot;Music&quot; , I wonder what she has come up with. William Orbit and  Producer Patrick Leonard, who have been with Madonna for most of her  singing career and absoloutly amazing at creating the music and, also,  remixing it. Get this album. You will not be dissapointed.
B000000JO3|1.0|MY FRIEND LET ME BOROW THIS CD FROM HIM CUZ IM INTO HARD CORE HE TOLD ME THIS BAND IS HARDCORE BUT GUESS WHAT THEY AINT. THIS MUSIC IS LIGHT IT AINT HARD IT SONDS LIKE IT WAS RECORDED IN A CLOSET OR SOMETHING IF U WANT TRU  HARDCORE CHECK OUT THA LATEST SLIPNOT CD OR SOME OLDER KORN AND LIMP  BIZKIT.
B000002J29|5.0|During my college years (80's), I was a confirmed Genesis freak. No band I've ever heard live conveyed so much raw emotional power combined with complex musicianship. I was lucky enough to see the '3 sides live' tour  when they played 'Suppers Ready' live, and still can remember the  goosebumps. 'Seconds Out' best captures Genesis during their 'middle'  years, and best captures the power and craftmanship of that band. This is  one of my all-time favorite CDs, with too many favorite tracks to single  out, although Suppers Ready is EASILY worth the asking price alone. As  others have said.. there isn't a rock band today which even begins to  understand what these guys were doing. It's a lost art. Nobody can touch  what they did during these years, hence my choice of my review title: it  would be one of my top 5 cds should I get stuck on an island with lots of D  cells and a boombox. It's that bloody good.
B00004SCX6|4.0|Britney did a really good job this time with &quot;Oops I did it again&quot;. The only thing is that some of the songs get a little overmixed. The best 3 songs are oops I did it again, stronger, and lucky.  The only reason I took a star off was because of the 1 or 2 songs that I  always skip over because they're way annoying. The songs that I do like,  however, I like A LOT. I reccommend making it a part of your CD collection  even if you're not a full blown out pop fan.
0553573403|5.0|I second the emotions of most other reviews - George Martin leaves behind the mold of Tolkien, favoring a novel rooted more in the history and cultures of our own world than in its mythologies. This is a direction I  would like to see more fantasy authors take; not only is Tolkien's formula  tired by now, but it does a disservice to the man and his works by lamely  repeating his story in new disguises.<br />But this novel stands out for  another reason - the writing is actually good! Rarely can an author bring a  place or character alive with so few words; certainly there are very few  fantasy authors that take the time to carefully construct their writing. I  too am frustrated at the slow pace of the novels' appearance on  bookshelves; but, if the reason is writing that is worth reading and  re-reading, by all means George - take your time!
B000000XB9|5.0|Every Greatest Hits albums always includes &quot;klunkers&quot; for filler.  Not in this case. Top hits from start to finish.  If you love CCR, buy this disc.
B00000J7S8|5.0|For the past few years 'Diana Krall' has kept popping up. Finally I went out and got this CD.<br />Now I understand. She displays a restraint and understanding of musicianship that is so rare today, and as an added bonus:  this is quite possibly the best recorded CD from a pure audiophile  perspective that I've heard in about 10 years. Musicians should get this CD  just to see what a good CD -sounds- like. Forget your over-processed,  over-produced stuff and grab a listen to this gem.
630289915X|5.0|I am so happy that this is a wholesome warm hearted movie.  It didn't get recognition in it's time, but thank goodness that we can see it now a days.  Everyone touches someones life in some shape or form, and all human lives  are important!  It is nice to see no nudity, violence, sex, swearing in  this film. thanks, and god bless you all!
B000007PSR|5.0|This is my favorite Barrett album and would say that it gives more insight into his fragmented psyche than the others. Even the most simplistic of subject matter when filtered through Syd's perspective is invested with a sense of almost child-like wonder that no other artist can come close to capturing. \\"Milky Way\\" and \\"Dolly Rocker\\" are indespensible, and many of the alternate takes provide a less embellished setting for some of the songs, which tends to serve them well. If you haven't heard any of Syd's post-Floyd works, they are much more stripped down than Piper at The Gates of Dawn and consequently more personal. The takes could have been better, but in Syd's state this is the best he was able or willing to give. Though I think this only makes the songs seem more delicate and compelling. Definitely and overlooked Genius.
6303212379|5.0|This was one of the first &quot;family&quot; movies my children ever saw, other than animated Disney movies.  My son (now 21) LOVES this movie and has watched it countless times.  Quips and quotes from the film became part  of our family vocabulary over the years.  It's a timeless piece and stirs  up a whole range of emotions, running from family relationships, friends,  love, trust, loyalty and the discovery of what's to come in life.  It  renews parental beliefs in simple childhood dreams and reminds us to always  believe in each other.  &quot;Goonies never give up&quot;.....I am  purchasing another copy of this video since we seem to have lost our  original copy.  Even after 15 years, it hasn't lost its appeal for our  family, now all grown up.  I highly recommend this movie!
B000000H3W|4.0|I HAD NEVER HEARD OF SEPULTURA UNTIL I WENT TO SEE THEM AT THE HOLLYWOOD PALLADIUM IN 1991.THEY PLAYED THE MUSIC FROM THEIR LATEST ALBUM  &quot;ARISE&quot;.THE SHOW BLEW ME AWAY.I HAD TO GET THE ALBUM.I BOUGHT IT  AND LISTENED TO IT AGAIN AND AGAIN.I LOVED&quot;ALTERED STATE&quot;AND  &quot;DESPERATE CRY&quot;.ALSO &quot;ARISE&quot;AND ALL THE OTHER SONGS  WERE VERY GOOD.I LISTENED SO MUCH MY CASSETTE GOT RUINED.I DIDN'T KNOW  THERE WAS A REMASTER THAT CAME OUT A COUPLE OF YEARS AGO.WHEN I SAW IT AT  THE STORE I HAD TO BUY IT.SO HERE I AM ALMOST TEN YEARS LATER LISTENING TO  IT AGAIN AND AGAIN AS BEFORE.THE BONUS TRACKS ARE  COOL.&quot;ORGASMATRON&quot;IS GOOD.SEPULTURA'S &quot;ARISE&quot; ALBUM IS  ONE OF MY FAVORITES.THEY ARE EXCELLENT HEAVY METALLISTS AND IF YOU LIKE  HEAVY METAL,YOU'RE GONNA LOVE SEPULTURA'&quot;ARISE&quot;.I RECOMMEND IT TO  THOSE WHO LOVE LOUD,FAST AND GREAT GUITAR PLAYING WITH A TWIST.
6301661737|5.0|Kurosawa achieves an excellent balance of emotion, calmness, visual beauty, and compelling character-driven drama.  The story happens to begin just about where the film Heaven and Earth(by another director), left off.   If you were tantalized by the loose ending of that film, you'll be  satisfied by this intense look at the fate of the Takeda dynasty.   <br />Acting quality, cinematography, and symbolism are all superb . . . and  once again a mysterious flutist is a key plot element!  I recommend it to  all samurai film fans.
0316777722|2.0|This new collection of real-life accounts of the life and times of David Sedaris was an amazing bore. If there ever was an example of the Emperor's New Clothes, me talk pretty, tops the list, evidenced by the heights it has  scaled on the best-seller list. Clearly a book need not have any true  quality to achieve best-seller status but just clever marketing and  previous reputation. Unlike the wacky but fascinating, self-depricating  Naked, me talk pretty is a collection of stories one might over hear and  tune out during a morning commute. If I were Mr.Sedaris, and thank goodness  I am not, I'd be more than embarassed. In fact, me talk pretty is the kind  of book that, in better circumstances, Sedaris himself would have used his  sharp wit to make fun of.
0312853238|5.0|This book is easily 5 Stars. I read it in one sitting. The strength of Ender's Game is not in its Science but in its Fiction. Ender and the other children's characterization is dead on. I had no problem with Ender  thinking the thoughts he did, or acting in the manner he did. His genius,  his isolation, his pain all played well in this story. The entire idea of  the games and the society of the battle room was very well done. I realize  that this book is out-of-print, but I would make it a priority to secure a  copy by whatever means possible. You will not be disappointed.
B000002H2H|5.0|wow! they started off on the right foot. This album is kinda like the black album only they sound younger ( a lot younger). Same good old signature metallica lyrics, only James sounds younger. One drawback,  though- the album was originally recorded on tape so it doesn't sound AS  good as it should sound. That doesn't stop me from giving it a full fledge  5 stars because these are some killer songs that touch the soul. Buy it and  see how good they were even back then.
B000002P5W|5.0|JIMI HENDRIX IS MISSED MAN BUT HIS MUSIC WILL CARRY US THREW ANOTHER CENTURY I LIKE THAT THERE WILL BE NO SUBSITUTE JIMI ALL THE WAY
006016848X|4.0|Do you know about the differences between men and women? If not - read this wonderful book! The author has a funny way to descibe and illustrate the different behaviours and emotions of men and women - which often cause  stress and unhappiness in relationships and in life circumstances. His way  of writing made me laugh - so that I enjoyed reading this book and got a  feeling of acceptance of mechanical behaviours of both sexes. When I told a  friend of mine about this book, she gave me another one which I liked as  much as the one of John Gray and which I would like to recommend to other  readers. The book &quot;Working on yourself doesn't work&quot; by  Ariel&amp;Shya Kane also made a big difference in my life. The thesis of  the Kanes is, that beeing in the moment and becoming aware of your own  mechanical behaviours hold the possibility to transform your life in the  way they &quot;define&quot; transformation so that different possibilities  to live a happy life and success in different ways work out. So as a  resum: a big &quot;Thank you&quot; to John Gray and the Kanes for their  wonderful works and the differences, they made in my life!
B00000DHZJ|5.0|IF YOU ONLY HAD TO OWN ONE CD OF JIMI HENDRIX THIS ONE WOULD BE IT...&quot;IF 6 WAS 9&quot; BABY.
0800179501|5.0|I caught part of this movie on TV recently &amp; realized I just had to own it. &quot;The Karate Kid&quot; is one of those great coming-of-age stories so missing from today's Hollywood offerings. A clean, honest look  at a kid on the outside. In a way few movies ever do it teaches tolerance,  respect for people's differences (via an aging Japanese immigrant), respect  for one's elders, and - oh yes - young love. Precisely what most people,  teenagers especially (but adults emphatically included) could use more of  these days. Elizabeth Shue has never been better, and Pat Morita is superb.  BUT PLEASE BRING US THE WIDESCREEN ...PLEASE! <br />An interesting footnote:  most movies have their errors. In this one it's the part about Mr. Miyagi's  Medal of Honor. As recently made the news, Japanese Americans (Miyagi was  in the great, Fighting 442nd) were not given Medals of Honor, at least not  until June 2000, when 22 were awarded. Mr. Miyagi is just now getting his  (yes, I know he's fictional.)<br />Sayonara!
6303201954|3.0|For being a S.T. fan since the late sixties, I'm ashamed to admit that I've only just watched this feature -- somehow it slipped through the cracks. Despite all the negative fan press I've read about it through the  years, however, I must admit that the bulk of this film is compelling and  works on a rather high level.<br />Sure, there's little action, and the big  problem here is that the human interaction is limited and rather cold. But  the overall story is very well constructed, and manages to capture a sense  of adventure quite well. There are some odd dangling sub plots -- the film  starts out with someone being killed in a transporter accident, only to  have the crew beaming up the ship's doctor only minutes later as if nothing  happened. It would have also been nice if there had been the addition of  two additional scenes to more 'humnaize' this picture: a scene of dialogue  between Decker and Ilia; and a scene of the big three getting reacquainted  in the Captain's quarters. All in all though, the direction by Robert Wise,  combined with Dykstra's and Trumbell's special effects, give this film an  expansive, cold eerieness that hasn't been seen in the Star Trek universe  in a long time. All this film essentially needed was for a final edit, to  delete about 20 minutes of unnecessary reaction shots, and it would be  easily moved up a notch on most critic's lists. All in all, a solid effort  that was worthy of the franchise. Now I want to see a followup explaining  whatever happened to Decker. Stephen Collins deserves that much, and so do  hard core S.T. fans.
B000002LQR|5.0|This album is the greatest album of all time.The chili peppers bring funk, hard rock, and slow ballads to this album.I have been a Chili Peppers fan for along time and I was amazed of how awesome this cd is.I could listen to  it over and over again.
0783241569|5.0|Notting Hill was the best romantic comedy that I have ever seen!  It had the perfect combination of romance and laughter.  Hugh Grant's roommate, Spike left me in complete stitches.  Absolutely fab!<br />Even though I am a  huge Julia Roberts fan, I would have enjoyed the movie if it starred  another actress-just as long as it wasn't that skinny and quite plain Renee  Zellweger. If you love romantic comedies---Notting Hill is a must!
B000002UKS|5.0|Overall, this is the best Foo Fighters album. It is much more serious in tone than the first album, which is just about as good as this one by the way, and that is good. We get to see another side to the band.  &quot;Everlong&quot; is awesome, as is the video for it. &quot;My  Hero&quot; has become somewhat of an anthem and, again, has a great video.  It seems everything fell into place on this album and I would recommend  this as a first Foo Fighters album. Well worth the five star rating!
B00000J7RZ|1.0|I love the song &quot;Waiting for Tonight&quot; but that's as far as it goes.My advice is stick with the acting jennifer.
B000002TYK|5.0|Followed by &quot;The Color and the Shape&quot; which is their second masterpiece. Anyway, this is the debut Foo Fighters album and really shows Dave Grohl's all-around talent as the demo for this album was entirely made  by him. This albums is full of distinctive songs, from the mellow, playful  &quot;Big Me&quot; to the thrash-punk &quot;Wattershed.&quot; This album  also produced several excellent videos, which has become somewhat of a  trademark of the band. This album is a definite stand-out from the  bottomless pit of alternative albums and deserves a place in the library of  any fan of the genre.
B00003CWQ2|5.0|Watch this freaking movie. I wasn't thrilled with my friends persueding me to go see the thing but when I left the theater i was in deep thought and had a new favorite film to brag about. If you thing that &quot;The Sixth  Sense&quot; (horrible movie by the way) had a twist wait till you see this  film.
B000009ED0|4.0|An excellent album in many aspects, DEVIL WITHOUT A CAUSE, I feel, is a must-have CD for all Kid Rock and music fans alike.  Almost every song on this album is good enough to get you wound up in no time.<br />First, let's list a few of the many great things about this CD.  DEVIL WITHOUT A CAUSE,  in my opinion, is by far one of the best albums ever produced.  Songs like  &quot;Bawitdaba&quot; and &quot;Welcome 2 The Party&quot;, among many  others, will definitely get you pumped up.  &quot;Only God Knows Why&quot;,  however, is a great change of pace:  after hearing the other songs on this  album, you would never guess this guy would sing a song like this.  &quot;Black Chick, White Guy&quot; can fall somewhat into the  &quot;change-of-pace&quot; category also, but you be the judge of that.   It's another good song nonetheless.  Another great, yet interesting, thing  about this album is that each song has a different feel to it.  The paces  can range from a head-banging track like &quot;Bawitdaba&quot; to a  mellowed out track like &quot;Only God Knows Why&quot; and a little bit of  something different in between.  <br />This album does have a few minor, yet  obvious, setbacks that need to be pointed out, however.  First off, this  album is definitely not for the easily offended, for it can get pretty  explicit at times. But if you're like me who is simply looking for a song  with a good beat and some clever lyrics, then this shouldn't bother you.   The other main setback is a couple songs sound as though they were thought  up in 5 minutes or less.  It sounds like he's just repeating the title over  and over again throughout the whole song, with a couple lines stuck in  between.  Nothing really major, but it is able to be clearly noticed.<br />All  in all, DEVIL WITHOUT A CAUSE is definitely a must-buy.  It's loaded with  great songs from top to bottom, start to finish.  I feel if you can find  and buy a CD with around 5 good songs, you've invested well:  this CD has,  in my opinion, AT LEAST 8 songs worth a second listen.  If I would've known  the album was this good, I would've shelled out my money a long time ago.   Kid Rock definitely proved to me why he IS the Pimp of the Nation on this  pimped up CD.  Let him prove it to you, too, by buying this album and  giving it a listen.<br />My faves: &quot;Bawitdaba&quot;, &quot;Cowboy&quot;,  &quot;Devil Without A Cause&quot;, &quot;Welcome 2 The Party&quot;
0380729407|5.0|This story is one that I have thought of often in the 15-plus years since I first read it.  It is a tale of moral dilemma and tests of loyalty.  There is enough of the macabre to keep the reader tightly gripped, yet  enough moral fiber to keep the reader thinking for years to come...  and  isn't that the true test of great literature?
B00003CWRX|4.0|If there is one thing I have learned in my life, it is this--go see Al Pacino movies.<br />The Insider is the story that went on behind the scenes of the big 60 Minutes scandal when they refused to air a show which blew the  lid off of tobacco companies for fear of being sued.<br />What this film has  are some great performances by some incredible actors.  They should show  this film to aspiring actors.  You are truly watching some great people at  work here.  The story is very interesting, and the unique style of the film  gives it much more a doccumentary feel than the normal &quot;based on a  true story&quot; tale.  You will be riveted, and even though you basically  know how it will end, you will still be very interested to find out why it  ends that way.<br />What this film does not have is a lack of footage.  Or  running time.  Or whatever you want to call it--this film is long.  Too  long.  I often criticize films for running too long, and this one runs  about thrity minutes too long.  There are a lot of establishing shots which  seem to be beating the auidence over the head.  Yeah, we get the point,  everyone involved is a tortured soul.  A little extra editing and this  would have been a much tighter film, and possibly a 5X film.<br />The Insider  is a film that I hope is remembered come Oscar time.  It is truly one of  the best films I have seen all year.  I can't imagine someone not liking  it, but I can imagine some people getting tired at its long running length.   If you had trouble making it through Titanic or Braveheart at the theatre,  give this one a rental.
0312243022|5.0|I must say I'm a bit surprised by the vicious attacks launched at Cunningham, especially by readers who admit they have not read anything by Woolf -- there is the first mistake.  Though I haven't read Mrs. Dalloway  in quite a while, I have read To the Lighthouse (one of my all time  favorite novels) and Cunningham captures her genius perfectly!  This book  demands a certain amount of concentration on the reader's behalf, but it's  worth it.  If you have ever read anything by Woolf, you will immediately  appreciate the nuance of his language.  It's not pompous just because he  gets the prosody and rhythm of Woolf right on the nose!  Normally I don't  like split narratives that jump from chapter to chapter, but Cunningham  does it so seamlessly and with such a feel for the 3 main characters that I  found myself drawn into all three story lines. I don't want to reveal how  they all come together, but let's just say they do, and with a bang.  To  give an idea of the kind of subtlety Cunningham displays, let me give one  example:  Lara Brown, the housewife, feels unconnected to her husband and 3  year old child and all she wants to do is finish reading Mrs. Dalloway.  But, since it's her husband's birthday, she follows the expected role and  tries to make him a fantastic cake.  When the cake turns out to be  amateurish and imperfect, she becomes almost suicidally depressed and  decides to throw it out and start again.  The scene continues, but the  disappointment with the cake takes on a life of its own.  Readers of To the  Lighthouse will be reminded of the central dining scene when Mrs. Ramsey  prepares a magnificant feast in much the same vein for her family.  Cunningham's writing and grasp of Woolf is inspired -- I can see why he got  the Pulitzer Prize.  For those who criticize, be sure to catch up on your  Woolf before nailing Cunningham to the cross.  It's really a terrific book.
B00003CWOL|2.0|After all the controversey this film has stirred up, I felt for sure I was going to be offended going into the theatre.  The verdict?  I was offended, but not by the religious context of the film.<br />There are those who  consider director Kevin Smith to be one of the greatest writer/directors  working today.  I must admit, I have not seen any of his other work, but  after seeing this I have respect for his writing ability, but not his  directing.<br />Dogma is the story of two fallen angels trying to get back to  Heaven and those people sent to stop them.  It tries, at least I think it  is trying, to be a biting satire about modern religion and the  pointlessness of denominations in the Christian faith.  There are even some  good moments where it succeeds at this (such as saying Jesus is black, he  was indeed probably far more dark skinned than we see in pictures today).   But it fails far too often.<br />Dogma ends up being a long collection of  scenes which Smith tries very dilligently to tie together, but instead seem  to fall apart.  When it abandons the dumb potty comedy, and starts trying  to talk religion the film becomes too heavy handed and ends up sounding  like preaching.  <br />In the end Dogma is maybe worth a rental.  It has some  funny scenes and lines.  But I just can't find it in me to reccomend this  failed attempt.
0790742322|5.0|That movie shows how Tim Burton can work horror and comedy together and still is a great movie. I think it was the cast that pulled it off.
B000031WD9|3.0|It feels like warm, apple pie. Or maybe it just feels like rehash.<br />American Pie is the heart warming story of a group of high school friends trying to lose their virginity by prom. I know, it doesn't sound  heart warming at all, does it? Well, it tries to be in the last twenty or  so minutes, but contrary to what many believe, I don't think it quite  worked out.<br />Instead, the film is a fairly honest look at the sexuality  that overruns today's teens. Some parts were just outright disturbing, but  still funny. This is definitely of the Something About Mary group of gross  out films. What it does, however, is succeed when it is not trying to gross  you out. The genuinely funniest moments come away from the pie or foamy  beer. This is a lesson many script writers could learn.<br />In the end,  American Pie is just what it tries to be, a funny teen comedy. What it  isn't, however, is a classic like Porky's, which it gets so many  comparisons to.
0790729644|5.0|I walked out of the theate with my then girlfriend and with a straight face predicted that Unforgiven would win Best Picture, and if it didn't, I declared, there was no justice in the world.  She laughed at me and called  me a macho pig and two weeks later I was eating cold pizza alone in a  studio apartment with a sinkful of dirty dishes. Anyway.  Unforgiven is a  perfect combination of script and cast, a movie that never could have been  made even ten years before because Hollywood would not have allowed such a  complete debunking of a genre and because only an older Clint Eastwood  could have pulled off the hero/anti-hero's existential conflict.   Beautifully filmed, written, and acted, Unforgiven finally depicts the west  as it may have been, in razor contrast to Eastwood's previous westerns (all  entertaining, but never long on believability). Until Blood Meridian is  made into a movie (and God I hope that never happens) this is as close as I  imagine you would want to get to the west in the late 1800's, and if you  can take a little knife work and some cold blooded killings, this is a  wonderful movie with many subtle and not so subtle lessons about our common  humanity.
B00004SC3M|3.0|...From Bondto Highlander (okay, not his best role, but one of my favs) to TheRock, even when Mr.  Connery is not gifted with an excellent script--he is still excellent.  He is in Entrapment as well, too bad the script fails him again.<br />Entrapment has Catherine Zeta Jones (Zorro) playing an insurance investigator (ooh, scary!) on the trail of Connery the master thief.  Ving Raimes (Mission Impossible) hoins in an all too minor role.  The plot is full of twists, and there is really some genuine excitement during the chase scenes, but I couldn't help but feel I've seen all this before and better (see Sneakers). The sexual tension between Connery and Jones is also excellent until it turns into something which left most of the group I saw it with crying out, &quot;He's old enough to be her grandfather!&quot; No points for grossing out the audience.  The film is a good popcorn muncher, but if you're low on cash, save your money for the money for The Mummy or Star Wars instead.<br />Kudos to all the key actors for great performaces.  It will almost leave you wanting a sequel. Almost.  END
B00000IL1K|5.0|As i said SB has done it again with eden.Combining interesting, haunting, and beautiful songs that make up eden. Take for instance In Paridisum, all the quietness and a wonderful vocal.Baleiro as a strange but also  interesting song, and then my favorite,the haunting,Deliver Me. Pop or  Opera, Sarah's music almost always seems to please me. Not so good as La  Luna, but almost just as good. It is turn Wonderful and new and haunting.  Very well done, I think. And Sarah even writes some of her own lyrics. Her  voice is not small, only a bit high. Thank-You Sarah.
B00003CX7L|5.0|Disney has for the longest time been known as the master of animation in America.  They still have the best looking cartoons, but their cartoons have really suffered in recent offerings.  Thank goodness for the wizards at Pixar.<br />Toy Story 2 is without a doubt one of the best films I have  seen this year.   It was just so much fun from start to finish.  Trust me,  the staff went together and everyone loved it.  How odd is that for a  change?  Anyway, the movie is basically a reversal of the plot from the  original.  This time it is Buzz who must save Woody. ..Well,  it certainly isn't that original, but when was the last time you heard an  original idea in Hollywood?  Besides, this is made for kid's, so the plot  can not be too complex.  Still, there are plenty of surprises along the way  to make you forget the plot's weak points.<br />What really makes this film a  classic is the action/adventure mix it has.  This film has honestly done  what so few live action films can.  It made me stop and think of the  Indiana Jones flicks.  Those movies had no big ideas, they were just  simply, fun, funny adventures that you took along with the characters on  screen.   That is what Toy Story 2 is all about.  You will laugh a lot.    Sappy people may even cry.  Pixar went for broke with this film and has  produced an animation classic.  One of the few sequels that eclipses its  predecessor.<br />The computer graphics are even better than before.  The  laughs are better.  The songs are better.  The emotion is greater.  The  film is everything you could imagine it to be, and more.  Don't miss a  modern masterpiece from Disney.
B00003CWN3|4.0|We Americans have a low tolerance for non-conforming sexuality. Director Kimberly Peirce presents us with yet another example of our inability to accept someone in our midst who is not like us. In the setting of this  movie there is actually little tolerance for any deviation. You need to be  tough, to drink, to enjoy the most primitive forms of recreation. Others  have said that the protagonist Teena Brandon had fallen in with trailer  trash, but she didn't just fall in with them. She was born into that  setting, and played the same role (In real life she was a bigger thief than  the movie indicated). If her parents had been wealthy, and she had been a  student at Harvard she most likely wouldn't have been part of the world  that destroyed her.<br />Teena Brandon becomes Brandon Teena because she  doesn't belong in the body that she was born with. She tries desperately to  find some happiness in assuming the role of a male. The movie is  unremittingly bleak. None of the characters is remotely close to being  happy. There is not one single moment of humor in this two-hour film. The  only way Director Peirce could have made the movie more somber would be to  have filmed it in black and white. There are no heroes in this movie; even  the best of them fail to support one another at some point. Brandon's new  friend Lana leaves him stranded on a lonely road, at night, in the middle  of nowhere. Candace takes Brandon in, but can't help babbling to the bad  guys. Lana's drunken sot of a mother at last finds poor Brandon to be the  one person in the world that she feels she can look down on.<br />We often go  to &quot;feel good&quot; movies to see characters who really come through  for one another when the chips are down. We cry in happiness that such  people exist, and that everyone is happy in the end. You may cry during  this movie, but it will be in shame for the terrible things that we are  capable of doing to one another.
019431510X|5.0|Excellent dictionary for the student of english as a foreign language. It gives many examples of the different usages of words. It also provides very useful comparisons of words with similar meaning to clarify their  appropiate usage. It does not contain, though, american idioms.
0385484518|5.0|This book was suggested to me by a med student I happened to meet while I was trying to decide where I was going to attend. He was so impassioned about this book that I was compelled to read it myself. Let me tell you  this is a book that will truly make you think... about everything. It is  not that this is a book about death so much as this is a book about life.  About what is truly important in this world and what is not. Through the  clarity afforded by his condition Morrie is able to understand so much  about life and the universe around us and being a true educator even in  death he is a teacher.
630518299X|4.0|Well, as my title suggests, this movie doesn't work as much as a comedy than it does as a description ofmediocrity or deception. In the end, it is a hihgly emotional movie. Just imagine how it would feel if you'd find out  that you've been living in a fake world  for your whole life!  At first it  seemed a little confused and felt like difficult to approach, but towards  the end it turned just fine. One of the most interseting movie of the  recent 2-3- years, but maybe not among the best.
B000002BHE|5.0|This CD is a pleasure to listen to because there is not one weak song on the entire CD.  &quot;Because You Love Me&quot; and &quot;It's All Coming Back To Me Now&quot; are the two songs everyone knows, but &quot;Falling  Into You&quot; is wonderful also and there are other suprises on this great  CD.  A must have for all of her fans.
B000002MG1|5.0|When I heard &quot;Everybody Hurts&quot; one day, it just kept haunting me and I had to buy this album, hoping the other songs would be at least decent. Well, after the first listen I almost felt like it had changed my  life. It's quite like anything I've ever heard before. The intensity,  melancholy and melodic strongness of the songs just impressed me.  &quot;Everybody Hurts&quot; is just probably on of the best songs I've ever  heard, and &quot;Drive&quot; is a calm haunter which also keeps playing in  my head. not only are the songs good as themselves, but their prformance is  also undenialby brilliant; rarely have I heard a record which such  intensity and emotionality in the performance. Every song - icluding the  palyful instumental of New Orleans - keeps impressing me time after time.  One more thing that impresses me is that I usually lsten to harder music,  and because of that, the value of this album is much higher. The best calm  album I've ever heard. how's that?
B00004RFCM|5.0|WHAT CAN I SAY? I DID NO KNOW WHAT TO EXPECT, BUT INSTEAD GOT A GREAT PERSPECTIVE ON SEX TODAY. YOU FIND OUT ABOUT FOUR VERY DIFFERENT CHARACTERS,YET ARE GREAT FRIENDS THAT CAN SHARE THERE EXPERIENCES AND LEARN  FROM THEM. CARRIE WHO IS THE NARRATOR IS ALSO THE ROCK OF SUPPORT. SAMANTHA  WHO IS THE WILD AND NOT AFRAID TO TAKE A RISK. MIRANDA IS SO SERIOUS AND  INSERCURE. CHAROLETTE WHO IS INNOCENT AND NIAVE. THIS SHOW DEFINITELY  TAUGHT ME SOME THINGS ABOUT EVERYBODYS IDEAS OF RELATIONSHIPS AND SEX
B00004T9VY|5.0|I consider Tea for the Tillerman &quot;desert island&quot; music, as in survival music.  <br />I have to admit that I tend to hear &quot;Mona Bone Jakon&quot; through &quot;Catch Bull At Four&quot; as a continuum in my  mind and heart, but this is not to diminish &quot;Tea,&quot; which was my  opened window into Cat Stevens's 70s journey.  To this day, any one of  these songs can stop me in my tracks.  &quot;Father and Son,&quot;  &quot;Hard Headed Woman&quot; and &quot;On the Road to Find Out&quot; are  tragic, spiritual, joyous all at once.  You will see.<br />Regardless of what  followed for Cat, this is music that shaped my soul and will always be a  part of who I am.  I still have the vinyl of all those albums!  I cherish  them like heirlooms to pass down to my family as part of my heritage.   Maudlin?  Not if you were there in the 70s, in love or in touch.  Even if  you weren't, you'll find much sensitivity, insight and genius here.  Wholly  recommended with all my heart.
B00004TL2N|5.0|I never liked Bruckner I thought he was too simpleminded with his penchant for the spiritual and his mindless infatuation with Wagner. But here Boulez reveals another side to Bruckner the labyrinth-like scheme of harmonies  which seem to re-emerge in forever new configurations.He treats the  Bruckner sound as one monolith on a single canvas,intensily controlled and  attenuated, with a seamless timbral body of sound,always with the strings  ion the forefront dominating, yet balanced the sound. The other way around  with the winds as you might find in Wand or Karajan, you find there an ugly  organ-like massive sonority with the winds directing the sound upwards into  halting gestures. You find this in Brahms's orchestrations as well. The  Romantic imagination had little to contribute to the art of  orchestration,their feel for sound was fairly basic,with a constitution of  families of sound,divided and domesticated. Today with a modernist  sensibility to timbre you find these problems to resolve as Boulez so  admirably does as the organ timbre I mentioned also the bottom heavy  configurations of sound,balance and the brass as in Mahler and here in  Bruckner need special care. Boulez knows all this, and the sound he is able  to coax out of Vienna is inspiring, and worth repeated hearing. Boulez's  passiveness is a misnomer and is not an inferior aspect of the Boulez  interpretive aesthetic.His penchant for clarity and timbre is what imparts  another vision here.You find this in Abbado and Eotvos.They make us listen  more. The overbearing Karajan or Solti,or Barenboim interpretations many  times goes for the juggler with direct emphasis on the graphic elements in  Bruckner, the reiterations in the brass, an the overbearing sound that you  can only give in and submit to. There is no room there for contemplation.So  our listening experiences there are well taxed,draining ourselves. Here  Boulez sweeps the brass sonorities into the overall sound,simply as an  unknown buttress of the sound, similar to the beams and supports we never  see within the bowels of the great cathedrals. There are also wonderful  chamber like moments, with the horn, harp and strings alternating their  entrances.Boulez also allows the solo moments as the clarinet and oboe  emerge from this labyrinth sound,pitting the solo lone voice against the  masses. This creates a tension never heard before in Bruckner,where before  solo voices seem to be enveloped and dominated. I also thought Boulez  brought a razor sharp sound here, very strident and piercing, again this  emanates from a direct emphasis on the string body. This sound also creates  a tension which propells the work forward, without the necessity of  emphasis of certain harmonic tension. There is also a very real immediacy  of expression from moment to moment which compells the work forward,as if  Boulez wants us to listen on a localized pallette, rather than simply  waiting for the violence of the brass entrances coming from the hinterlands  as we have found with other interpreters. I also found never heard before  pianissimos, the various string tremoli I could listen to again and again.  Boulez makes Bruckner almost into a modernist.ess of the sound, similar to the beams and supports we never  see within the bowels of the great cathedrals. There are also wonderful  chamber like moments, with the horn, harp and strings alternating their  entrances.Boulez also allows the solo moments as the clarinet and oboe  emerge from this labyrinth sound,pitting the solo lone voice against the  masses. This creates a tension never heard before in Bruckner,where before  solo voices seem to be enveloped and dominated. I also thought Boulez  brought a razor sharp sound here, very strident and piercing, again this  emanates from a direct emphasis on the string body. This sound also creates  a tension which propells the work forward, without the necessity of  emphasis of certain harmonic tension. There is also a very real immediacy  of expression from moment to moment which compells the work forward,as if  Boulez wants us to listen on a localized pallette, rather than simply  waiting for the violence of the brass entrances coming from the hinterlands  as we have found with other interpreters. I also found never heard before  pianissimos, the various string tremoli I could listen to again and again.  Boulez makes Bruckner almost into a modernist.
0064400557|5.0|What classroom doesn't have this book sitting on one of its shelves.  This story is a classic and well deservedly so. The story shows the simple love that children have towards pets.  Another theme would be that of friendship  lasting for a lifetime.  What children get out of this story affects their  attitudes towards others that may be differnet or not so spectacular.   Every dog or should I say pig has its day.
B00003CXBK|5.0|Simplemente una obra maestra, la trama llevada al lmite de la perfeccin. Una obra que no es slo una increble animacin, sino principalmente una trata que maravilla, que hace reflexionar. No es solamente una pelcula  para ver como cualquier pelcula taquilla y nada ms, sino una pelcula  creada con la intencin de crear una trama fascinante y que cause catarsis,  que te haga levantarte del asiento y aplaudir cada vez que la ves. Veo  difcil poder superar esta pelcula, incluso por una pelcula de  live-action (ms conocidas y por lo tanto mejor reconocidas por la  crtica), esperemos que el maestro Miyazaki nos siga dando estos  maravillosos regalos, y espero que, cuando tenga hijos, sepan apreciarlos  tanto como yo.
6304126344|3.0|This film is so much worse than the first Terminator film it's incredible.  It is a very good action movie with good special effects, fun performances, and good violent sequences, but there are so many plotholes  it's hard to think about the movie itself.<br />The first big mistake was the  casting.  This film supposedly takes place 11 years after the first one,  giving John Connor the age of ten.  So what do they do but cast  fifteen-year old pubescent Edward Furlong as the kid.  I like Furlong as an  actor, but he sure wasn't very convincing as a ten-year old.  Also  established is that in this film Sarah Connor is twenty-nine, even though  Linda Hamilton, at the time, was nearing forty.  She didn't look that bad,  though, it's just that I don't see how we can be expected to believe she  was 18 in the first film.<br />And then there's the famous truck on the  bridge.  How did the truck build up that much speed going sideways on a  bridge?  How did it even turn around so that it was facing the side  wall?<br />And then there's the whole future.  Let's recap from the first  movie.  The machines have lost, so they build a time machine, and send a  terminator back through time.  It has to go naked, as dead stuff won't go  through, and its chassis is protected by its flesh.  The humans steal the  time machine, send though a soldier, and destroy the machine.<br />Now, the  machines don't have the time machine anymore to send back a second  terminator, and even so, if you think logically about time travel, how  would they know if the terminator had failed the first time.  As far as the  future is concerned, it just goes on.  But even if, somehow, they realized  their plot had gone awry, and managed to build a second time machine in the  face of defeat; how did the send back the liquid metal terminator -- he's  got no living components; he shouldn't be able to go through.  Or, if it's  a new model Time machine that allows metal, why didn't they send back  guns?<br />Thismovie, although the acting was pretty good, didn't have much  of the human element of the first movie, not for lack of trying, and too  many scenes seemed lifted straight out of the first movie, including  dialogue and the truck chase.<br />There's just too many contradictions,  plotholes, and oversights in this movie to make it great like the first one  was, it was merely an enjoyable action flick.
B00003W8NM|4.0|I think this was an exciting and thrilling movie that was better watched on the DVD version. This is because of the great quality of the picture as well as the behind the scenes view of the making of the movie, never before  scenes as well as the actor and director commentaries. I greatly recommend  anyone who liked the movie to see it on DVD, it is a great change, and i  think u will like it, or even love it....almost as much as choclate ice  cream or ice cold lemonade on a hot day!
B00003CXDV|5.0|As a self-described nit-picking SF fan, I can't see any other nit-picking SF fan disliking this one.  It takes a great many of the accepted and apocryphal concepts about television's flavor of SF (which, of course,  largely isn't) and their fans (many of whom truly do wax fanatical) and  turns them on their collective ear in a delightful fashion.<br />Obligatory  comment about the DVD: Special Features Cast and Crew Brandon Long -- The  above is an error.  &quot;Brandon&quot; is the character.  JUSTIN Long is  the actor.
B000002AD0|5.0|This is without a doubt one of the best Santana albums ever released.  The tracks are a funky, latin influenced blues, many of them jams which take off to new places.  Back in `68 Santana was still keeping true to his  influences, there is no rock on this album, just sweet, sweet grooves.
B00003CWOL|5.0|To the person on here who commented and said they were banished to Michigan... they weren't. They were banished to Wisconsin. Wisconsin really is hell. Michigan, while not the flashiest or most exciting of states, is  most certianly a livable place. Wisconsin is not, as echoed in this movie.
B00000IOSU|5.0|It has been a couple of month since I has free time out of my hectic life and listened to this cd.  Sometime the work life is repeatitive and time consuming, it makes you yern to feel alife.<br />Just a few minutes ago, I  played this cd, and listening to the song &quot;hold on&quot; brought tears  to my eyes.  Her lyrics are so powerful, and envoked such strong emotions,  I had to repost my review of this cd.<br />I remember the first time I heard  Sarah's, I dismissed it thinking her tunes weren't catchy enough.  It was a  couple month later, the same song played again, but the experience  described in the lyrics hit home this time.  I think for those who haven't  yet truely experienced Sarahs music, they just need to connect to a single  song then they will begin to understand.<br />Anyway, I previously gave this  cd 4/5 since its a compilation.  But looking at this cd by itself, its a  5/5.  If you haven't heard of Sarahs music, you owe it to yourself to give  it a try.
6305161992|1.0|is the worst film that y watched in my life, is as stupid as his characters and his public.
B0000028VT|5.0|This is mariah's album that has more ballads, good production, awesome voice, and a few uptempos.Its all about love. 1. Dreamlover - cool uptempo. 2. Hero - great lyrics 3. Anytime You Need A Friend - one of mariahs best  songs ever. Awesome production, incredible voice. 4. Music Box - great  ballad. 5. Now That I Know - nice uptempo.  6. Never Forget You - one of  the best songs in the album 7. Without You - mariah proves herself here. 8.  Just To Hold You Once Again - another great ballad. 9. I've Been Thinking  About You - cool uptempo. 10. All I've Ever Wanted -incredible ballad, very  classic mariah
B00004U5SC|5.0|Many people believe &quot;The Searchers&quot; is the greatest western ever made, but for my money, &quot;Shane&quot; beats it, hands down. The cinematography here is breathtaking, with the Tetons looming majestically  in the distance. Alan Ladd never looked or sounded better, and he plays the  title role with an understated elegance that belies the inherent roughness  of Shane's character.<br />Van Heflin gives his best performance as the  long-suffering Joe Starrett and Jean Arthur has her best role since her  Frank Capra films of the 1930's. She conveys just the right amount of  sexual interest in Shane, combined with restraint and a genuine regard for  her husband.<br />There is an abundance of memorable, brilliant scenes:  &quot;Tory is dead!&quot; as they deliver &quot;Stonewall's&quot; body back  to the settlement. All of Alan Ladd's scenes with little Joey are poignant  and beautifully drawn. Of course, the final scene, with Joey shouting,  &quot;Shane (echo....) Mama wants you (echo...) I know she does&quot; never  fails to brings tears to the eyes, even after multiple viewings.<br />A  genuine classic.
B000031XCR|3.0|Celine has a great voice, and got the best producers. The Best are songs are 1. Power of Love - good. 4. Because You Loved Me - Great Dianne Warren 7. To Love You More - Nice, different song. 8. My Heart Will Go On -  overplayed, but good.  9. I'm Your Angel - nice duet. 10. That's The Way It  Is -great up tempo. 11. If Walls Could Talk - Mutt Lange/shania does all  the work. 13. All The Way - nice duet. 14. Then You Look At Me -great. 15.  I Want You To Need Me - another great Dianne Warren song.
B00000J2L7|5.0|I have seen &quot;Dr. Strangelove&quot; over 100 times which proves either I need to get a life or I have very good taste. I hope it's the latter.<br />This is, quite simply, the most complete and the most brilliant  film ever made. There is not one boring, poorly acted or superfluous scene  in the entire movie. The performances are simply outstanding. Peter Sellers  in his three roles is, as always, superlative. But George C. Scott, not  generally noted for comedy, proves he is a comedic actor of the highest  order.<br />Slim Pickens gives an absolutely hilarious performance as Major  Kong. Watch how he takes his cowboy hat out of the safe, and his accent  when he delivers the classic line, &quot;A fella could have a pretty good  weekend in Vegas with all that stuff!&quot;<br />Keenan Weenan delivers an  absolutely dead-on performance as Bat Guano (&quot;if that really is your  name...&quot;) and Kubrick somehow managed to drag a riveting performance  out of Sterling Hayden, not normally known as any great shakes in the  acting department.<br />This film is gorgeously directed, paced and is  literally perfect. Watch particularly the lengthy scenes in the war room,  with Sellers as President Muffley delivering his lines in a flat midwestern  American accent to Dimitri, the fun-loving Russian premiere.<br />If you have  never seen &quot;Dr. Strangelove,&quot; you're in for a cinematic  experience you'll never forget. You can watch it dozens of times and still  laugh, still appreciate the outstanding performances and marvel at this  perfect motion picture.
B00004TH83|5.0|I have just discovered Lara Fabian and I am so glad that I did.  Prompted to buy her CD by the radio dance hit &quot;I will love again&quot;, I ran to the record store.  At first I thought I was listening to a Celine  wannabe but after another listen I realized that Lara is truly a singer  with her own style.  Her voice is the seller here, no question about it.   The songs are beautiful.  They may seem overproduced or predictable at  first, but it's necessary to listen to how Lara interprets them...then you  will see.  Her voice is smooth and smoky when singing delicately but in an  instant she can turn it into fire as she climbs the scale. She sings  &quot;Andagio&quot; in English and Italian here. This song is the perfect  example of Lara as a vocal powerhouse and as a linguist..Hopefully, she'll  record a whole CD in Italian as well for the feeling doesn't fade.  She has  a thing for ballads here but they all deliver...too bad she didn't include  more dance songs...she gives them a true fire and refreshing originality  with THAT VOICE.  She is definitely worthy of worldwide attention.  I can't  wait to hear more from her.  If you love Celine, you'll love  Lara...guaranteed.  I've also heard Lara's French music and that too is  worth investigating. To sum it up, Lara is invigorating.  You won't be  sorry!
B00000DG1R|5.0|This cd is awesome!  It contains so many fantastic superb songs!  It is wonderful!  Every single song is a hit!  Buy it now!
630445841X|4.0|Family saga is usually the domain of female audiences but while there is no denying that &quot;Legends of the Fall&quot; is a family saga, it has the power to keep any demographic,  over the age of ten, spellbound. Love  and jealousy are still the central themes and yet the characters are so  large that I doubt many people would not envy them, in some way at  least.<br /><br />The Ludlows are almost mythical Americans. They live a tough  but free existence in the North Country. Ruled by Colonel William Ludlow,  (Anthony Hopkins), a Father carved from granite, the family's three sons  grow up to be almost as tough. And for a man who spent his last  professional years fighting for the rights of the native American's, a son  who has absorbed native culture, along with the best of western values, has  to hold a special  place in his heart.<br /><br />Tristan Ludlow, (Brad Pitt),  is the focus of our attention from the start. His wild and fearless spirit  is guided by One Stab, the colonel's loyal Indian companion. It is One Stab  that narrates Tristan's story and from him we learn that Tristan's destiny  is entwined with his animal spirit, the Grizzly Bear. As a boy he dares an  enormous sleeping grizzly and they take some of each other's blood.  Interpreting his later choices through the moods of the bear is a  fascinating idea.<br /><br />The pace of events pick up the moment the  youngest son, Samuel, brings home his bride to be. The beautiful Susannah,  (Julia Ormond), manages to steal  the hearts of all three brothers and the  father as well, although he has the wisdom to act correctly. Samuel arrives  with more concern for the growing war in Europe than for his new love. His  desire to play his part in the fight is opposed by the Colonel, jaded by  the Government's past immoral acts. But nothing can stop a young man with a  cause. Despite his brother's protection he manages to fulfill his destiny,  opening the door to further possibilities for his brothers, with  Susannah.<br /><br />She manages to set the brothers against each other and  forces the eldest, Alfred, (Aidan Quinn), on a new path entirely; one that  takes him to the U.S. congress, supported by less than honorable men. All  of this makes for a heady brew, plenty of drama, powerful performances and  broken hearts. For my money, the film wouldn't have been the same without  Isabel Two, played by both Karina Lombard and Sekwan Auger. She waits  patiently for her chance with Tristan to come. She and One Stab, form the  calm center to the hurricane that is the Ludlow family. And like a  hurricane, one you've been touched, you'll never forget &quot;Legends of  the Fall&quot;.<BR> <BR>She manages to set the brothers against each other and  forces the eldest, Alfred, (Aidan Quinn), on a new path entirely; one that  takes him to the U.S. congress, supported by less than honorable men. All  of this makes for a heady brew, plenty of drama, powerful performances and  broken hearts. For my money, the film wouldn't have been the same without  Isabel Two, played by both Karina Lombard and Sekwan Auger. She waits  patiently for her chance with Tristan to come. She and One Stab, form the  calm center to the hurricane that is the Ludlow family. And like a  hurricane, one you've been touched, you'll never forget &quot;Legends of  the Fall&quot;.
B00000IL29|5.0|I'll admit to being more partial to EMPYREAN ISLES, but that's personal preference.  This album is just as exciting and fulfilling in its own way.  The ensemble playing is fantastic, with everyone complementing each other  in a way that's rarely heard.  All the tracks hang together very well, too.   I find this album best for lazing around the home, or driving long  distances - it puts me in a restful happy state of mind.  If you're new to  the jazz of Herbie Hancock, this album (or, perhaps BEST OF THE BLUE NOTE  YEARS) should probably be your first purchase.
6305807043|5.0|I liked it. It was definately quite funny, and very original.
B00000FZ1V|5.0|My words simply cannot do justice to this amazing DVD release. If you haven't seen &quot;Ghostbusters&quot;, you really don't know what you're missing.<br />Incredibly entertaining, &quot;Ghostbusters&quot; is a comedy  about paranormal scientists who go into business for themselves in New York  City.  The Ghostbusters (played finely by Bill Murray, Dan Aykroyd, Harold  Ramis, and Ernie Hudson) go around Manhattan eliminating the spooks and  spirits that trouble people.  Director Ivan Reitman's 1984 masterpiece  takes an interesting premise and works wonders with it.  Funny and  suspenseful, &quot;Ghostbusters&quot; features first-rate acting, witty  writing, and some impressive special effects.<br />This Collector's Series DVD  release is unmatched in quality.  The anamorphic widescreen presentation  makes the film look better than ever before.  And the tons of extra  features that Columbia has included allows &quot;Ghostbusters&quot; to  excel on DVD.  Included a three in-depth featurettes, audio commentary  (with an innovative &quot;live video&quot; option that shows their  silhouettes), deleted scenes, conceptual art, storyboards, trailers, and so  much more.  The 3-D animated menus are a nice touch.  This DVD is highly  recommended as it surpasses all the other discs in my collection.  If you  like &quot;Ghostbusters&quot;, you certainly won't be disappointed with  this release.
B00003CWOL|3.0|The premise was pretty good, but that's as far as it went
B00001MXXG|4.0|Out of the tons of high school comedies that have been released over the years, &quot;Ferris Bueller's Day Off&quot; truly stands out.  Its lasting quality and universal appeal make it a modern classic in a sense.  This is  just one of those great movies that you can watch any time and just have a  blast watching it.<br />In this 1986 John Hughes-directed film, Matthew  Broderick plays to perfection Ferris Bueller, an incredibly popular high  school senior.  With his final year of high school winding down, Ferris  decides to take a day off, faking illness with ease.  What ensues is the  ideal day off for any teenager.  Ferris, along with his girl friend and pal  Cameron, makes sure that his day off--his 10th absence of the marking  period--is worth it. The film has a timeless quality: I just recently  purchased this DVD and the movie seems brand new.<br />Part of that may be due  to Paramount's vibrant transfer of the film.  Presented in its original  widescreen ratio, &quot;Ferris Bueller's Day Off&quot; looks great with  very crisp images. Unfortunately, since this is Paramount, the only extra  included is a track of audio commentary (a rarity on Paramount releases)  from director John Hughes.  A trailer certainly would have been nice, but  the commentary at least is a treat.  Short on extras but big on fun, the  DVD release of &quot;Ferris Bueller's Day Off&quot; is recommended.
B00003CWQ2|5.0|With 12 Monkeys, Brad Pitt confirmed himself as one of the better American actors. Same goes for Ed Norton in Primal Fear. Now it's no coincidence that they played stranger than normal characters, but they also made them  believable.  I think, that that is the mark of a terrific actor.
B00004SCX6|5.0|ARE JEALOUS THAT BRITNEY GREATLY EXCEEDS CHRISTINA, MANDYECT....!  BRITNEY IS FAR MORE TALENTED AND NICER THAN ANY OF THOSETRULY FAKE POP TEEN QUEENS LIKE MISS AGUI...,AGA,,AGILER... WHATEVER,AND MISS MOORE!  AND IF YOU DIDN'T RECONIZE HER TALENT VOCALY IN &quot;BABY ONE MORE TIME&quot; (which I honestly didn't) THEN YOU WILL BE SHOCKED AT THE GREAT IMPROVEMENT IN HER VOCALS ON OPPS!..I DID IT AGAIN. SHE SOUNDS POSITIVELY OUTSTANDING!  SHE SOUNDS MORE MATURE AND YOU CAN TELL THAT FROM ALL HER PERFORMING AND VOCAL TRAINING THAT SHE IS REALLY PHENOMINAL. THIS CD IS SO GREAT IT WOULD TAKE ME 1000 PAGES TO WRITE ABOUT ITS PHENOMINAL SOUND!  WAY BETTER THAT ANY OF THOSE OTHER SINGERS WHO THINK THAT THEY CAN SING( CHRISTINA ,MANDY)!  SO BUY THE CD AND GIVE BRTNEY A CHANCE TO SHOW YOU HOW MUCH HARD WORK AND EFFORT SHE PUT INTO THIS ALBUM!  IF WORST COMES TO WORST YOU CAN RETURN IT!  BUT I DOUBT YOU WILL!
6305781427|5.0|At the time of release, this is the best musical video recording I have seen.  The camera shots keep you in a front row seat while letting you bask in the glory of the Acropolis. The mixing of a full orchestra, rock style  percussion, and top flight soloists make this an energetic, exciting  performance.  If you have a high quality theater system, this should be  part of your repertoire.
B00003CX6P|3.0|The movie did run too long and could have ended several times without impacting the plot which had become pretty humdrum during the last 1/3 of the film. Even psychopath's deserve some character development but we just  get a continuous flood of Ripley feeling bad about himself after  establishing his psycho credentials early on and then having to kill  someone - so the movie wasnt very clever about this - but overall was a fun  film too watch.
630518299X|4.0|In an age where the most recent TV shows revolve around surving with a group of stangers on a deserted island, and even more voyueristic, a show about a household of people who are on camera 24 hours a day, this movie  seems remarkably cliched, but when it came out it was fresh and new.  <br />    The plot centers around a man named Truman Burbank, played by Jim Carrey.   From his birth, he has been the subject of a TV show in which everyone he  knows is not really who he thinks  they are, but merely actors playing a  role.  He alone is unaware of this fact.<br />   As the movie progresses, he  gradually becomes aware that all is not right.  From the very beginning,  when a camera with the ID of &quot;Sirius&quot; falls from the sky,  narrowly missing him, he notices strange things happening.<br />   Carrey,  remarkably, was snubbed for a Best Actor nomination, and the picture only  got a Best Director nom, but didn't win even that.  Subsequent veiwings  have, in light of those recent actual TV shows, made this movie less  fascinating than it originally was, but it still is interesting.
B000002HAF|4.0|Hey, their song was in Fight Club, they gotta be good!
1573221562|5.0|This book will disappoint if the reader is expecting a lesbian novel.  Though female characters are attracted to other female characters -- after all, the main setting is a women's prison -- there are no moments of  lesbian love-making or other conventions of the typical lesbian novel.  (To  say more is to give too much of the plot away.)<br /><br />But it is a wonderful  novel showcasing the incredible skills of its author Sarah Waters.  You can  read _Affinity_ on so many levels.  You can read it for its intriguing plot  with its O. Henry conclusion.  You can read it as a treatise on 19th  century prisons or as a history of Spiritualism in England.  If you like  19th c. English novels, you can enjoy _Affinity_ for its faithful emulation  of that form.  (But remember that the pace will be slow; give yourself 100  pages or so to get into the novel.)<br /><br />Waters' first novel,  _Tipping_the_Velvet_, was enjoyed at its deepest level by any reader with  some knowledge of the conventions of the picaresque novel and a scat  dictionary handy.  The same sort of thing is true of _Affinity_.  For  example, the two books Margaret reads to her mother are not accidental  choices.  (Think about the theme of Dickens' _Little_Dorrit_).  The name of  Selina's &quot;spirit control&quot; is too close to the &quot;Peter  Quint&quot; of _The_Turn_of_the_Screw_ to be coincidence.  Finding the  little secrets that Waters sprinkles through her novels are a large part of  the joy of reading them.
B00000JCOV|5.0|First of all if you are faint of heart or hate metal stop reading this review. This cd has 9 freaks with their crazy masks and industrial jumpsuits tearing up their down-tuned guitars and drums.    The songs are  very loud (what would you expect with 9 people) and everyone (except for  scissors) are perfect for the mosh pit.    Whoever said that Slipknot has  too many people are wrong. Even without the DJ they just wouldn't be the  same.    You can't really label Slipknot as one thing. They're neo-metal,  hip hop, and a little bit of techno and rap. But most of what Slipknot is,  is pure adrenaline and rage.    This cd is a must for any metal fan and I  hope Slipknot can make more excellent cds in the future.
B000022TTS|5.0|What has been said about this glorious film that has not been remarked already? Probably nothing. However, in the last year or so, I have noticed a sharp and ignorant dissension toward TITANIC that is not one bit appropriate. Ever since James Cameron became an overnight sensation after  shouting he was &quot;the king of the world&quot; during the Oscar telecast  of March 1998, many seemed to falter from the Titanic band wagon, losing  touch with the magic that enraptured the film when it was first released.  I, for one, have not forgotten and am still amazed by what Cameron has left  us with: an amazing voyage into our hearts and souls.    During the  production of Titanic, the media had a field day in bashing Cameron for  grabbing up hordes of Paramount's and 20th Century Fox's money to create  his epic based on the luxury liner. On many occasions, it seemed as though  he would never follow through. Lest we forget, Spielberg has many of the  same woes while filming Jaws, only he was not enhanced by computer imaging  like Cameron was. However, once the Canadian-born director completed the  project with flying colors and the money started to roll in, he was  laughing all the way to the bank. In my humble opinion, I believe he has  every right to feel like a king, especially after so many of his fellow  media groupies harped that he would never climb out of debt. Cameron was  able to swim to the surface, and is still valiantly kicking up a storm.<br />  I had never really appreciated the talent of Cameron's direction until I  went to see Titanic in January of '98. I even admit I was late to take in  what the world had already embraced, but once I joined this huge  international swarm of moviegoers, I was blown away. Since then, I went to  see Titanic twice more in the theatres (a meagre amount compared to some  avid viewers) and purchased it on video the day it was released. Unlike  many of Cameron's earlier ventures, including Aliens, The Terminator I and  II, and True Lies, Titanic finds a deeper human quality in its story that  is not obscured by visual effects. It took me by surprise that Cameron  would bother to take the time to broaden the romance of the story, extend  the characters and how they related to each other, and sympathize with  their causes. There is no one person who viewed the picture who could not  relate to or feel for someone on that ship. Even if the romance was not as  appealing to some, the tragedy of the unfortunate lower-class individuals  left to die on the sunken vessel could not fail to touch even the worst  curmudgeon. When I continue to watch Titanic, I always cry for two reasons:  for Jack and Rose, and also for the many who drowned or froze to death in  the aftermath. Only a film like Schindler's List could pack such a wallop,  but Titanic is able to match such an emotional intensity.<br /> Some have  stated that the beginning and ending portions of the films, namely the two  bookends with Brock Lovett searching for the long-lost &quot;Heart of the  Ocean&quot; and the older Rose telling her tale, are unnecessarily added to  the epic. I believe the story would not have come off as well if the  history of Titanic was not put into perspective. Rose Calvert (Gloria  Stuart) adds structure and experience to the story, where her survival is  proof of one's heart continuing to go on. Brock Lovett (Bill Paxton) is  evidence that others like him are starstruck by the majesty of the Titanic  legend, and that we often forget what actually did occur on board. The  events leading up to the sinking are more greatly felt and understood when  told by someone who was in fact there and whose life was changed because of  it. <br /> Roger Ebert, in his review on the film, made an interesting point  that it is perfectly fine to 'Hollywoodize' this story because the Titanic  itself was also advertised during its time with glamour and hype. Why is it  a sin to commercialize such a film if, in reality, this is exactly how it  was presented to the world in the first place? I know quite a few of my  fellow movie critics refuse to rave films like this because they are filled  with nothing but sap. When we shut our hearts off to these movies, we  become too analytical and rigid. I guarantee that if we watch films, even  Titanic, with an open mind and an open heart, we will receive a much more  wholesome experience. I'm not talking about being sentimental or idealized  here, but if you watch movies with the soul purpose of remaining unmoved  and sustained, you came for all the wrong reasons.<br /> Why is the story of  Jack and Rose different in cinema history? I think it especially works for  audiences because it takes on a spiritual quality that few romances dare to  traverse. Their love is not scarred by lust or complete immaturity. They  are each fascinated by each other, unable to go on without the other, and  willing to sacrifice their lives for each other. If this is sap, then let  my cup runneth over. <br /> You not only have a great romantic couple, you  also have a great cluster of villains. I think Billy Zane was gipped for an  Oscar in his role of Calvin Hockley. He is pure elitist trash, but also has  to think twice before letting Rose go. He has slight traces of sympathy,  but his desire for money and position mar his heart. <br /> Titanic is  entertainment on a grand visual and emotional scale, a film which we have  not seen the likes of in almost thirty years...END
6304457383|5.0|This is the kind of thriller I like.  I find the blood and gore slasher films to be boring and unimaginative.  But Wait Until Dark builds up genuine suspense with it's clever plot and psychological tension.  Hepburn  stars as blind woman whose husband has inadvertently taken possession of a  doll with drugs hidden in it.  Alan Arkin stars as a twisted criminal that  wants to get his hands on the doll, and he enlists Richard Crenna and Jack  Weston to join him in fooling the blind woman into handing over the doll.   Hepburn is terrific as the blind woman who proves to be more  self-sufficient than she probably even thought she was, and Arkin is very  scary as the psycho who terrorizes her.  The way that the men go about  getting the doll is fascinating, and the way the film is constructed, the  viewer really feels the suspense from the point of view of someone who is  blind and that much more vulnerable.  This is a suspense film that everyone  should see.
B00000IPAX|5.0|Blink 182 appears to be one of the most immature punk bands out there, at first glance.  Just the cover or title of their new CD can have one giggling like a little kid.  Most of their songs, like  &quot;Dumpweed,&quot; &quot;Don't Leave Me,&quot; &quot;Wendy Clear,&quot;  and &quot;All the Small Things,&quot; are about girls and how incredibly  frustrating they can be to the jilted teenage boy.  The lyrics are funny  (Say it ain't so/I will not go/Turn the lights off/Carry me home) but they  also have basis on reality, too.  There are other topics on the album, too,  such as alien abduction (Aliens Exist), immaturity (What's My Age Again),  and even suicide, in &quot;Adam's Song,&quot; my personal favorite on the  CD, a song that almost had me in tears the first time I heard it.  It  starts off:  I never thought I'd die alone/I laughed the loudest, who'd  have known?/I traced the cord back to the wall/No wonder it was never  plugged in at all/I took my time I hurried up/The choice was mine, I didn't  think enough/I'm too depressed to go on/You'll be sorry when I'm gone.   This song once again proves that punk bands are capable of depth, just like  Green Day with &quot;Time of Your Life.&quot;  Personally, this album was a  great buy for me, but it did take some time for me to realize how mature  this band really is.
6305609691|4.0|I recently watched Apocalypse Now on dvd again after quite some time, and after all this time it still hits me like a ton of bricks. I have to admit however that this time the shocking images of battle (the  helicopterattack), though still impressive didn't shock me as much when it  did then. I guess my senses are dulled by the images of movies which has  appeared since (Hamburger Hill, Full metal Jacket and more recently Saving  private Ryan).Compared with these latter movies, Coppola showed more  restraint in displaying blood and gore then. It is the part of the movie  after the helicopterattack which impressed me so much, when Willard and  company embark on an almost psychedelic journey to find the renegade Kurtz.  Coppola then leaves the big vistas of battle to the more intimate inner  workings of individuals who are trying to cope with the horrors of war and  essentialy fail to do so. Willard and the crew of the patrolboat are from  then on confronted with the full horrors of war hidden under the  spectaculary beauty of the vietnamese jungle while never coming face to  face with this horror. After the helicopterattack w'll never get to see the  face of the enemy again. Everytime the crew of the patrolboat thinks they  are facing the enemy, it turned out to be something completely different, a  sampan with suspected VC, turned out to be a boat full of innocent people  after they shoot them to pieces (watch the young gunnersmate go to pieces  after this incident), an attack from ashore turned out to be an attack of  primitive indiginous people (&quot;a spear&quot;, an incredulous mortally  wounded skipper gaspes)and  towards the end the survivors find out they are  after one of their own... During all this everyone, in his own way feel the  growing need to escape the allpervasive horror of the situation. Most of  them flee into drugsuse, the gunnersmate goes wacko, the skipper and Chef  try to hold on to their sense of morality and ironicaly get killed, as if  Coppola wants to say that western morality doesn't apply in extreme  situations. Even Willard, already on the brink of becoming unhinged after  one tour (see the eerie hotelroomscene at the beginning of the movie) has  to do some serious rethinking an refeeling after beiing confronted with  Kurtz, just to keep in the game. Kurtz himself, turned out to be not the  clearcut incarnation of evil, the military leadership painted him to be.  Despite his warcrimes, he is a victim of the horrors of war, just like the  others. Kurtz tried to escape the horror by meting out the same horror on  the ones who inflicted it on him. But by the time Willard reaches him,  Kurtz ,however, no longer is able to flee the horror anymore and cajoles  Willard into providing him the ultimate escape, death. Willard does kill  him in the end, but not because of his mission (&quot;they are going to  make me major for this, and I'm not even in their f...g army  anymore&quot;)but because Kurtz wants him to and most of all &quot;because  the jungle wants him to, hell he took his orders from the jungle  anyway&quot;... This is pretty strong and thoughtprovoking stuff, stuff I'm  able to appreciate more now since I'm 20 years older and hopefully more  matured...It is this multilayered approach to the subject which make  Apocalypse Now an alltime classic and which sets it aside from the  others... The DVD itself is of an adequate quality, but Paramount again  dropped the ball and could have made this an absolute must-have if they  would have included the making-of documentary &quot;Heart of  Darkness&quot;, which itself is of a brooding, dark quality equal to the  movie itself.
B00004ST9Q|5.0|This DVD from Whitney Houston is really great!  It contains all the Hit-Videos from her and some very special features! This special features are my favorites! Mot of all &quot;Why does it hurt so bad&quot; and  &quot;Lover for Live&quot; and &quot;One Moment in Time&quot;. They are  phenomenal performances of Whitney!  This DVD is a must have for all  Whitney Houston Fans! Dont miss it - you will enjoy it!
0767849493|2.0|DOGMA caused much controvery prior to its belated release by Disney. It shouldn't be protested for its content-it basically should be protested for being a bad film!  As they told Mozart about having too many notes, this  film hastoo many words! I don't mean that in an illiterate sense, I mean it  drags on longer than a crucifixion! Kevin Smith must've took the good  reviews of CHASING AMY (A really GOOD film) and put his word processor on  overdrive typing the script! It makes a few interesting theological points  but a &quot;poo&quot; monster? That totally took the film to nonsensical  levels! It was like Troma Films doing religious satire! You won't need to o  to confession after watching this, but you may have to forgive yourself.
B00004SCX6|5.0|Britney Spears, the world's latest and brightest pop star hasreturned almost without a breath with a new album, that will sureequal and, in my opinion, overtake the success of her previous work the #1 album \\"Baby One More Time\\".  Britney's \\"Oops...I Did It Again\\" is more ecclectic then \\"Baby\\" as she explores different musical genres.  The tracks are .... #1 - Oops I Did It Again.  One of my favourites, has a lot in common with \\"Baby One More Time\\" and the catchy chorus, and impressive hooks will ensure imminent success (The single has gone platinum and hit #1 in Australia) #2 - Stronger.  Think of it as a sequel to \\"Baby...\\", as the chorus boasts \\"My lonliness ain't killing me no more\\", this song is very dance-like and the robotic sounding Britney in the verses, sounds very effective #3 - Don't Go Knockin' On My Door.  A nod to the style of TLC and Destiny's Child emerges on this track, one of my favourites #4 - (I Can't Get No) Satisfaction. Personally I don't like this as much although the reworking on the Stones' classic is effective and doesn't degrate or ruin the original or the album #5 - Don't Let Me Be The Last To Know.  Britney is helped out by Shania Twain (Twain wrote the track) and delivers a beautiful mid-tempo ballad, that is much like Twain's \\"From This Moment\\" and Spears' \\"Born To Make You Happy\\", another fave #6 - What U See (Is What You Get).  Another dancy track that sounds a little like \\"Oops\\" but none the less a great sounding track on its own #7 - Lucky.  I believe this is Britney's second single, an up-tempo track that can be related to Spears herself, the lyrics say it all #8 - One Kiss From You.  A funky beat pop/ballad #9 - Where Are You Now.  This song succeeds where \\"From The Bottom of My Broken Heart\\" failed.  Britney's voice and the use of flamenco guitars highlight this beautiful ballad #10 - Can't Make You Love Me.  An easy dance track that is another Britney-related track #11 - When Your Eyes Say It.  Diane Warren who has written material for Toni Braxton, Mariah carey and responsible for the massive hit \\"I Don't Want To Miss A Thing\\" penned this for Britney, and the result a laidback ballad which i feel may take a while to get used to #12 - Girl In The Mirror.  I have the Australian edition which has extra tracks and this easy to listen to pop ballad should be included #13 - You Got It All.  Not a fantastic song, but Britney makes it work.  A light weight pop song #14 - Heart.  If you liked \\"Dear Diary\\" you should like this sweet, short Spears song #15 - Dear Diary.  Britney manages to record her own track, a simple short and lovely ballad that is classic Spears. I hope my review was helpful
B000007SIN|3.0|Everything Steely Dan ever released deserves to be heard at least once. Most will only listen to this one a couple of times. Sure it has a few great tracks, Hey Nineteen is excellent, Time Out Of Mind and Babylon  Sisters are pretty good. But all in all, this CD is too slick for its own  good.<br />The production sounds incredible, but once one realizes that there  is no depth to most of the tunes. It gets kind of annoying.<br />The saving  grace of Gaucho is (in my opinion) the lyrics. Once again, Becker and Fagen  have proven that they are two of the smartest and funniest songwriters of  the century.<br />If you are new to Steely Dan, DO NOT buy this album. Buy  Aja, Pretzel Logic, and... well any of them.
B00004SCX6|5.0|Britney Spears, the world's latest and brightest pop star has returned almost without a breath with a new album, that will sure equal and, in my opinion, overtake the success of her previous work the #1 album &quot;Baby  One More Time&quot;.  Britney's &quot;Oops...I Did It Again&quot; is more  ecclectic then &quot;Baby&quot; as she explores different musical genres.   The tracks are .... #1 - Oops I Did It Again.  One of my favourites, has a  lot in common with &quot;Baby One More Time&quot; and the catchy chorus,  and impressive hooks will ensure imminent success (The single has gone  platinum and hit #1 in Australia) #2 - Stronger.  Think of it as a sequel  to &quot;Baby...&quot;, as the chorus boasts &quot;My lonliness ain't  killing me no more&quot;, this song is very dance-like and the robotic  sounding Britney in the verses, sounds very effective #3 - Don't Go  Knockin' On My Door.  A nod to the style of TLC and Destiny's Child emerges  on this track, one of my favourites #4 - (I Can't Get No) Satisfaction.   Personally I don't like this as much although the reworking on the Stones'  classic is effective and doesn't degrate or ruin the original or the album  #5 - Don't Let Me Be The Last To Know.  Britney is helped out by Shania  Twain (Twain wrote the track) and delivers a beautiful mid-tempo ballad,  that is much like Twain's &quot;From This Moment&quot; and Spears'  &quot;Born To Make You Happy&quot;,  another fave #6 - What U See (Is What  You Get).  Another dancy track that sounds a little like &quot;Oops&quot;  but none the less a great sounding track on its own #7 - Lucky.  I believe  this is Britney's second single, an up-tempo track that can be related to  Spears herself, the lyrics say it all #8 - One Kiss From You.  A funky beat  pop/ballad #9 - Where Are You Now.  This song succeeds where &quot;From The  Bottom of My Broken Heart&quot; failed.  Britney's voice and the use of  flamenco guitars highlight this beautiful ballad #10 - Can't Make You Love  Me.  An easy dance track that is another Britney-related track #11 - When  Your Eyes Say It.  Diane Warren who has written material for Toni Braxton,  Mariah carey and responsible for the massive hit &quot;I Don't Want To Miss  A Thing&quot; penned this for Britney, and the result a laidback ballad  which i feel may take a while to get used to #12 - Girl In The Mirror.  I  have the Australian edition which has extra tracks and this easy to listen  to pop ballad should be included #13 - You Got It All.  Not a fantastic  song, but Britney makes it work.  A light weight pop song #14 - Heart.  If  you liked &quot;Dear Diary&quot; you should like this sweet, short Spears  song #15 - Dear Diary.  Britney manages to record her own track, a simple  short and lovely ballad that is classic Spears.<br />I hope my review was  helpful
0440234743|1.0|This must have been an IOU book.  That is, Grisham owed his publisher a book and threw this one at them to meet a deadline.  The story starts out interestingly enough, but come to a screeching halt about 30 pages in.  It  goes absolutely nowhere.
B000002AHM|5.0|Three guitar masters (John McLaughlin, Al Di Meola, and Paco De Lucia)get together to play a live concert of flamenco guitar,what could be better?  This is an excellant album from an awesome concert.  The three players  click together perfectly and make some awesome flamenco music.  The live  setting enhances this album by giving it a more natural feel, as usual live  concert albums are great.  I can honestly say that I cannot find any fault  in this album, buy this album if you want to hear some fast and extremely  well played flamenco guitar.
6302878527|5.0|&quot;TWO FOR THE ROAD&quot; is a very good movie about what happens when the fairy tale ends and the couple &quot;lives happily ever after.&quot; The film consists of four vignettes, in- and out-of- sequence, about a  stylish, economically-upwardly-mobile British couple on four different road  trips on the same road through France at different stages of their  relationship. The first, in their real time, is a trip as youths when they  meet and fall in love. The second is as struggling newlyweds. The third is  after both have had affairs. In the fourth, they have achieved financial  success, but the decay in their marriage has led to a downward spiral of  emotions. Instead of appearing in chronological sequence, the four  vignettes are edited/spliced together, jumping from trip to trip, for  contrast and to show coordinated alignment of thoughts, actions and  revelations. There's beautiful rural French scenery, a lovely Henry Mancini  score, brilliant dialogue, and some of the greatest 60's mod fashions ever  seen on film. In one particularly pivotal scene, Audrey Hepburn storms off  from the car wearing a black shiny-vinyl mod pantsuit. Walking alongside a  lake, she delivers the most clarifying line in the film, &quot;you don't  give me 'everything I want'; you give me everything YOU WANT TO GIVE  ME! &quot; This line speaks volumes for all couples everywhere who have  been tortured by the miscommunications, mistreatments, and misperceptions  involved with trying to love another. Odd that a line that hits the nail on  the head, so poignantly and seriously, comes from Audrey's character when  looking like Joanne Worley on an episode of &quot;Laugh-In&quot; a few  years later. Another laughable sequence is the one with the couple's  friends' spoiled daughter. Apparently, the parents do not want to warp the  child's psyche, so they allow her to run amok, claiming Audrey should  &quot;woo&quot; her. Later, when the child throws the car keys away, won't  divulge theirlocation, and hours are spent searching a field for them,  Audrey's character, Joanna, loses her patience and gets in the girl's face,  privately screaming, &quot;tell your mother where the keys are, RIGHT  NOW! &quot; Immediately, the child gives them back. When the mother asks  Joanna how she got the results, Audrey replies, &quot;I wooed her!&quot;  and walks away. Thank goodness the UNICEF people never got a look at that  scene (smile). The best part of this movie is its' honest and objective  look at love and life. It's not the glossed-over fantasy in which we prefer  to see our screen idols, but, that's what makes the few cleverly objective,  yet fun, movies, like this one, shine through.
B00003Q43A|5.0|You would have to be insane not to own this DVD. We waited 4 years for it, but it was more than worth it. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if those 4 years were spent creating this DVD! The animated menus are PHENOMENONAL.  Sure, you may have seen some excellent animated menus on, let's say, a  Dreamworks DVD, but you have never seen anything like this. The DVD's menus  are different from any other's for one reason; these menus have their own  story to tell. It feels like while you're browsing, you've become a part of  the movie. On the Feature DVD, the menus take place in front of the White  House. Several options on how to view the movie are laid before your eyes,  while you can hear voices coming from the White House from where the light  is on, with the flying saucer hovering above. But you're just about to  explore. When you go to &quot;Language Options&quot;, you feel like you're  in the passenger seat of the car with Jeff Goldblum parked outside the  White House, and you feel like you're in the aliens' flying saucer when you  go to scene index. And on the Supplemental DVD, the menus take place in  Area 51, and you've only become immersed in it. While you explore the huge  array of theatrical trailers and TV spots, or you choose one of 3  behind-the-scenes documentaries, you feel like you're IN Area 51, you see  the aliens in the 3 test tubes, and you witness horrifying alienated sights  just by going to the Chapter Menu of the &quot;Creating Reality&quot;  documentary. <br />Now I'll elaborate on the enormous amount of supplemental  material that can't fit on one disc with the movie. There are 3 teaser  trailers, 1 theatrical trailer, 5 30-second TV spots, 1 15-second TV spot,  the TV spot shown in the 1996 Super Bowl, and the Apple Computer TV spot.  It also includes the alternate ending that has never-before-seen footage  and director's commentary throughout. And the Feature DVD allows you to  choose between the version of the movie shown in theatres, or the  director's cut with 9 minutes of added footage. And there are 3  behind-the-scenes documentaries, The ID4 Invasion, The Making Of ID4, and  Creating Reality, a never-before-seen documentary that lets you in on the  ground floor of the making of the movie. Motion control, the White House  sequence, computer effects, you name it, it's all there. It also has  full-screen storyboards and behind-the-scenes photos, and optional director  commentary or visual effects commentary through the feature.<br />So, in other  words, if you own a DVD player, and if you have cash, GET THIS DVD!  You  won't regret it! Trust me!  It's money well spent!
B00003CX5A|5.0|Personally, I never really got much out of Washington Irving's story of Ichabod Crane and the headless horseman.  And the Disney version of this movie didn't really do it for me either.  In this version however, the  creative genius, Tim Burton, shows us a very different spin on the story.   Those who really loved the original would probably not enjoy this remake  seeing as it is quite a departure from Mr. Irving's tale.  Also, those who  do not like very bloody (though very fake) scenes that are highly comical  should probably stay away as well.  However, for my fellow lovers of all  things Tim Burton as well as humorous horror films such as &quot;Evil Dead  2&quot;, &quot;Army of Darkness&quot; and all the other bloody, poorly  acted and written films that clog the horror section at your local  Blockbuster, this movie is a must see!
B000009ROK|5.0|I am an American of Mexican descent.  My grandparents were all born in Mexico.  As a child I listened and loved my parents music, it was Mexican music.  As I grew older and left home, I never listened to it again.  One  day, at a family gathering I heard Luis Miguel and fell in love with this  beautiful, romantic music all over again.  It had brought back memories I  had forgotten.  If you are a romantic...you will love Luis's music...no  matter what language you speak!
B000002VC3|5.0|If you are a fan of progressive rock, or just good melodic music in general, then Alan Parsons &quot;Eye In the Sky&quot; is a must have! There is not a weak track to be found, and as always with Parsons, the album  offers up far more musical variety than the average rock LP. There is the  unabashed orchestral art rock of &quot;Silence And I&quot;,  &quot;Gemini&quot; and Old and Wise&quot; (richly arranged songs that are  sure to appeal to fans of The Moody Blues, Pink Floyd, or Barclay James  Harvest). Rockers like &quot;Psychobabble&quot; and You're Gonna Get Your  Fingers Burned&quot;. Instrumentals like &quot;Sirius&quot; and  &quot;Mammagamma&quot;. And of course, the upbeat, hit title track  &quot;Eye In the Sky&quot;. Guest vocalists Colin Blunstone (of The Zombies  hits &quot;Time of the Season&quot; &amp; &quot;She's Not There&quot;),  Chris Rainbow (of Camel), and Lenny Zakatek really add a sparkle to the  songs. When the history of 70's, 80's &amp; 90's rock is written, Alan  Parsons will probably just be a small footnote... but the fact is HE  SHOULDN'T BE!
B000001EL7|5.0|Great tunes. Great Riffs. Great Rock. Period. LOVE GUN, PLASTER CASTER, CHRISTEEN SIXTEEN, SHOCK ME!  Recommended to anyone who likes 70's rock. Also pick up ROCK N ROLL OVER and DESTROYER!
B00000JMQC|5.0|a wonderful movie!  this movie is much more faithful to the original oz books by l.frank baum based on the second and third books in the original seris.anyone waho is a fan of the oz books will love this movie,anyone who  is a fan of the 1939 movie the wizard of oz well...be prepared.dorothy  returns to find a counquerd and invaded land of oz rather than a beutiful  fantasy realm of dance and music.the scarcrow tinman and lion dont appear  in the movie much,and the emerald city is in ruins,yellow brick road a  rubble of broken bricks,and the munchkin village... reduced to a small and  creepy forest clearing?oz and its people arent the same as in the classic  movie but as a fan of the wonderful,magical and exciting oz books i highly  recommend this movie!
0425170349|5.0|I originally played the Rainbow Six computer and N64 game, so I thought the novel would be a great read.  I wasn't disappointed and Clancy delivered a knock out novel.  It starts off like all of the Clancy  novels  I have read, with a plane hijacking of ex-CIA agent John Clark and his new  son-in law and his partner Domingo Chavez.  Clark is the leader of a new  black counter-terrorism outfit code named RAINBOW. Chavez leads one of the  two teams located at the SAS base in Hereford, England.  Clancy weaves a  great plot involving a huge bio-technology  company, a security agency  handling the 2000 Olympic Games and an ex- KGB agent. The world gives  RAINBOW lots of work and they rise to the task.  This is one of the best  novels I have ever read, great action,  it keeps its readers on their toes  and unable to put this awesome novel down.
B000001OAA|4.0|Okay, It's not authentic alternative music, but it still rocks. In my oppinion, the real beauty of the CD comes from Vow and &quot;As Heaven is wide&quot;. Both selections make excellent workout or motivational music<br />Shirley Manson's most memorable line &quot;Send me an Angel, I'm afraid  I'll never get to heaven&quot; has almost a BTVS like quality to it. It's a  shame this song wasn't culled for the TV soundtrack, but I am proud to have  it on my CD player.<br />I really tried to like the radio cuts, but am  disappointed they were so darn overmarketed. Manson aside, the fact that  the other band members were producers is problaly what accounted for a  large number of singles and radio cuts.
B000002U82|5.0|A few years ago, somebody discovered a &quot;Cosmical Coincidence&quot; between the CD Dark Side Of The Moon and the movie The Wizard Of OZ.The Supposed Coincidence is that if you play the CD after the third roar of the  lion that appears on the begginig, lots of coincidence will start. We just  realy believe after we see it.
B00004R99F|3.0|A true family film, fun for all ages. Funny, well defined characters, and a good story. A Goofy Movie is likely one of the most over looked Disney films, it's also one of the best. I rate A Goofy movie right up there with  Tarzan. So why did I only rate it a three? Pan and Scan. This Movie should  be 1.66:1 not 1.33:1(full screen TV). They lopped a chunk of the picture  off each side. <br />Also check out \\"An Extremely Goofy Movie\\", it is just as  much fun and the DVD version has not been hacked. The full original 1.66:1  picture is there.
B000002J1U|5.0|Jimmy Page and Robert Plant composed almost all this CD in a Camp House called BRON-YR-AUR, and they did a real good work showing to the fans their acoustic side.
0767819594|5.0|So maybe it's NOT the best movie of all time. Who cares?    If you want entertainment this movie delievers. This film knows how to appeal to a specific audience(teens)using &quot; todays hot young  stars&quot;...however, in this movie, they are at their best.    Some parts  of the plot are not nessary, such as Katherine's revenge over Selma Blair's  character, but the actors made the most of an interesting, if just a tensy  bit shallow plot.    Reese Witherspoon shines in this movie, making her  character indetifiable with in every way. Ryan Phillipe makes Sabastian's  transformation extremely touching...and well, who can't love Sarah in her  excellent portrail of a demon straight from hell that you pity while you  hate?    Watch this movie...you won't regret it.
B000003BDJ|5.0|This 2 CD set has to be one of my favorite all time listens. It samples all of the Stone's great early work(well, almost all...you need More Hot Rocks to get it all). It has all the classics you've probably heard on the  radio before numerous times ( &quot;Get Off Of My Cloud&quot; &quot;Honky  Tonk Women&quot; &quot;Jumping Jack Flash&quot;) This is what made me a fan  of the Stones, and classic rock for that matter. You want to know what's my  other favorite listen? The Beatles 1967-70(Blue Album). I know, if you're a  Stones fan you have to hate the Beatles. But the truth is, the Beatles'  music was just as good, if not better than, the Stone's in it's own way.  The Beatles changed music for the better and if other Stones fans can't  face that I pity them. But &quot;Hot Rocks&quot; is definitely a smart buy.  Go get the blue album while you're at it, too.
6303039456|5.0|Cool Runnings is definetly one of John Candy's finest moments. Brilliant performances from him, along with the determined Leon as Derice Bannock make this movie one of my favourites. It is unfortunate that a sequal was  not made, but after that ending, there really isn't anywhere you can go  with the idea. I highly recommend this movie.
0790742780|5.0|Michael Douglas is great here.  Although it doesn't appear to consciously make an effort to be funny, I find this movie hilarious.  This is one of those great movies that no one really heard of, so if you are going through  your library, you can pull it out (the movie, not your well, nevermind...)  and your friends (well guys, not sure a/b chicks) will definitely  appreciate it.  Watch this movie.
B000002AV5|5.0|She is so beautiful, her voice, her songs, her face, her mind. It all clicks on this CD to create the best Jazz ever! These songs include all of her smash hits from her previous CDs. I am looking forward to her new CD  that is supposed to come out in late 2000.  Buy this CD!
6305263248|2.0|Everything I heard about Ronin was &quot;cool car chases,&quot; but there was only one great car scene... it was very well done - much better than any I had seen before - but it wasn't enough to keep this movie afloat.   Ten or 15 minutes into i was like, &quot;hold on, there is a plot and I  missed the whole thing? &quot;  This flick goes from having no apparent  plot to assuming that you already know whats going on, but without telling  you what is going on.  Its one of those movies where you have to figure it  out by 'tough love.'  This is one of those movies where everyone turns on  everyone else, so it goes without saying the plot gets complicated and  convoluted and more or less altogether lost.  After Reno and DeNiro's boss  turns on them (thus leaving them obviously unemployed) why do they keep  going after the case?  What attachment do they have to it?  This doesn't  seem very logical considering they are hired mercanaries - when they don't  need to complete the job, you would think that they would not stay on it  without reason or pay.  There is also a tiny attempt at a love story here  but it is ultimately left stillborn and doesn't contribute anything.   Deserving of 2.5 stars, but not a full 3; one great car chase... okay  movie.
B00000J7JO|5.0|I have never really been a RHCP fan until now. I heard a couple of their songs on the radio and I thought I would check this CD out. I bought and now I am loving it. The group provides a heavy metal sound on songs like  &quot;Around the World.&quot; The group also provides a nice soft but  meaningful sound on there songs &quot;Scar Tissue&quot; and  &quot;Californication.&quot; RHCP also gives an in-between sound on the  song &quot;Otherside.&quot; I never thought this CD would turn out as great  as it did and I am so glad I have bought this CD.
6305537798|5.0|This is an excellent movie and you can watch it loadz of times and u won't even be bored of it!   It stars Julia Stiles and Heath Ledger, 2 funny characterz which makes the movie hilarious!  Kat Stratford(Julia)is an  ill-tempered, un-dateable gurl and a total boy-hater, when Patrick(Heath)is  a mysterious guy with a bad reputation of his own! But Kat'z young, cute  and beautiful sis, Bianca(Larisa Oleynik)wantz 2 date but her dad has made  a rule that she can only date if her sis does!  And when Cameron(Joseph  Gordon-Levitt)layz his eyes on Bianca he fallz in luv immediately, but he  also haz a problem when he findz out another guy Joey(Andrew Keegan) who  admires himself and callz himself 'pretty' likes her 2!  A fun-packed movie  which is a must-see, has the hottest starz, like the mysterious Heath  Ledger or the cute puppy-type Joseph Gordon-Levitt and the funny man who  actz like Michael! But the best thing about it, is that u'll NEVER EVER get  bored of it! =)
B00004SCX6|1.0|I have something to say about the fellow who thinks that this little fake thing is a &quot;voice of our generation&quot; give me a break. She can't even write her own songs..what is that saying to our  &quot;generation&quot;. Have other people do your work for you? And all she  cares about is how she looks why do you think she always changes her look.  It's because she has to keep up to date with the latest  &quot;fashions&quot;. Now what is that saying to little girls? Be shallow  and only care about how you look? If she is the voice of our generation  then i say god help us all.
B000001EMW|2.0|The only good thing I can say about this CD is that it is certainly an interesting twist on Metallica, but why buy it when the real original songs are so much better.  If you are going to buy anything like this, buy the  S&amp;M DVD and use the special symphony only feature.  That way you can  hear Metallica with a full symphony.  Either way, this CD is not worth the  money.  Being a hardcore fan with every album, I do not recommend getting  this album.
B00000J7J4|5.0|This is a great CD because everyone loves Latin music but then to make it better Santana combined Latin music with other kinds. It was a great experiment and turned Santana into a star with tons of Grammy's. I  reccomend this CD especially if you like Latin music and/or if you love the  sound of a great guitar.
B00004SCX6|5.0|BRITNEY IS OFF THE HOOK! Britney did a great job on her CD! Ilike this CD better then the first.  Ooops!..I Did It Again: Yourall famalir with this song.  Its wonderful! Really cool video.  Stronger: Anyone can relate to this, who got out of a realation ship.  Don't Go Knockin' My Door: I like this.  I can relate to this.  You should hear the message at the end.  (I Can't Get No) Satisfaction: Well, I like this song.  Worth listening to.  Don't Let Me Be The Last To Know: Great song, but I can't see how this is Brit's fav. song.  What U See(Is What You Get): TO ALL THE GUYS!  Listen to this! Cuz what ya see, is what ya get!  Lucky: MY FAVORITE SONG!  Brit can relate to this.  One Kiss From You: I love this song.  Can't Make You Love Me: If ya have a crush, this might kick some sense into ya!  When Your Eyes Say It: I don't really like this one.  Dear Diary: A really sweet, mellow song.  So if ya don't have this CD, GO GET IT! Even if its pop, its a great CD!
B000006XQJ|4.0|If you've ever clubbed on a retro night, I'm sure you've heard The Communards somewhere along the way... This CD is classic synth-pop with some wonderful upbeat songs, ballads, and piano laced instrumentals.   Richard Cole handles the music with some classical and jazz influences,  while Jimmy Sommerville belts out lyrics of love and anger in his ever  present falsetto.  I would've given this a five, but there are a few songs  that didn't do much for me.  <br />My favorites include:  &quot;Don't Leave Me  This Way&quot; (A Club Anthem!)/&quot;La  Dolorosa&quot;(Ole!)/&quot;Disenchanted&quot;(Sometimes I miss the  80's)/&quot;Reprise&quot;(Mmmmm...)/&quot;So Cold The Night.&quot;<br />If you  collect synth-pop, or like retro music, this may be 4 U&gt;&gt;&gt;
0060196122|2.0|Beginning with his novel's intriguing title, &quot;Veronika Decides to Die,&quot; Brazilian author Paulo Coelho, promises something he does not deliver. As Veronika fails as a suicide, so does this parable of madness  fail as a narrative. Rhetorical devices abound in this contrived comedy of  errors: irony, interior monologue, metaphor. <br />For followers of the  writings of Che and Camus, who may view the choice of suicide as   revolutionary, political, and existential act, Veronika  not only fails but  also reawakens as an artist for whom the personal is apolitical. For fans  of Sylvia Plath's &quot;The Bell  Jar,&quot; Veronika's angst  may not ring  true. For  fun-seeking free spirits who love Ken Kesey's &quot;One Flew  Over the Cuckoo Nest,&quot; the sane/insane reversals of society/mental  asylum may dull in comparison. Nonetheless, this book does have appeal as a  fairy tale. <br />Rather than Veronika, the most interesting character is Dr.  Igor, a    psychiatrist who views the mental institution as &quot;Skinner  box.&quot; Through him, in but one of his numerous ironies, Coelho presents  his exposition of &quot;doctor playing God,&quot; or &quot;God as  puppeteer.&quot; However, Coelho's hagiography, replete with tortured  rendition of Mary as second Eve, reveals his lack of iconographic insight.
B000000W5F|5.0|No other band has gone on for so long so well. Tattoo You is a monster effort. You would think the boys would be cranking out elevator music by now, but when this hit the shelves, you just knew the Stones were back in  major force. It's just a shame they went slowly downhill from here with the  inevitable aging process catching up.
B000023X9W|4.0|It's always a pleasure to hear Neil Young without Crazy Horse.  This is an easy listening Neil album with a real nice sound - soft guitar with a great percussion.  My first time through, I thought the album was a little better  than average but the more I listened to it the more I liked it.  Too bad  Neil wasted a great song (&quot;Looking Forward&quot;) on that dreadfully  awful CSNY album.  Neil's tracks from that album may have pushed Silver  &amp; Gold into the five star category.  What a waste - but I  digress.<br />Neil fan's will be delighted by &quot;Buffalo Springfield  Again&quot;,&quot;Silver &amp; Gold&quot; and &quot;Good to See You&quot;  and the catchy &quot;Daddy Went Walkin'&quot;.  For what it's worth (no pun  intended), my wife has become a HUGE Neil fan as a result of this album.   She likes the easy listnening side of Neil ala &quot;Comes a Time&quot; and  &quot;Harvest Moon&quot;.  So, if you like these albums Silver &amp; Gold  may be for you.  If you are looking for the Crazy Horse sound you'll have  to look elsewhere. Enjoy!
B000000OXH|5.0|After their heavyweight debut album, how do you top that? You don't, the best you can do is equal it which is exactly what they did with Alpha. This has the same majestic, sweeping, top-notch rock numbers like the 1st. In  fact you could combine both recordings into one double set. They all have  that unique style and sound that this great super-group created. You simply  cannot have one without the other. So if you haven't got this one yet, drop  everything and get it pronto.
0451523938|4.0|That is the key question in this book.  It is full of qualms and wonderments, mysteries, adventure, and sadness.  <br />It is an amazing plot, how Henry Jekyll's serect enjoyment of evil deeds leads him to discover a way to transform himself into an entirely new person.  But when this evil  nature takes him over completely, he can't bear to live with what he's done  to his life ...  <br />Although I thought the story was wonderful, I only gave  it four stars for two reasons:<br />Firstly, Stevenson uses waaaaay too many  semicolons.  Almost every sentence has one; there was one run-on sentence  that went for three quarters of a page!<br />And, of course, the ending...  I  felt so awful for the doctor, and it really dwarfed my own problems.<br />All  things considered, I highly recommend this book, but for younger readers,  maybe, the Wishbone version.  I am pretty young myself, and I read the  Wishbone story first, then the real one, and it helped because some of the  language was extremely advanced (I kept my dictionary at hand).  Either  way, I suggest that you get to your nearest library and borrow it, or click  that wonderful &quot;add to shopping cart&quot; button right now.
B000002OX7|5.0|This is the last great Who recording period. Keith's demise also marked the bands slow downward spiral. Quite a shame really since Pete and John are two of rock's greatest talents. But anyway, the songs on this recording  all had that magical quality and captured the band while they were in peak  form. Everything just fell into place and the whole effort is one of rock's  greatest recordings ever.
B00001QEE2|1.0|After having seen such brilliant Disney adaptations as Mulan and Hunchback, both of which managed to take LARGE liberties with their originals and still delivered beautiful revisions, I was sadly let down by  Hercules. This film was tolerable until we were invited to laugh at a satyr  who is watching nymphs in various states of undress. Of course, we never  see the naked ladies, but no doubt is left as to what the character is  seeing. So now Disney is inviting us to see voyeurism as funny and to laugh  at peeping toms?<br />Several scenes later, our heroine, Meg, is held captive  by a centaur, a creature known for its lust and rapist behaviors in Greek  mythology. Disney counts on the kids not to catch the reference--that Meg  is about to be raped by the centaur--and has her gamely remark that she can  take care of herself. So for those of us who do follow the reference,  attempted rape is to be dismissed as being okay, as long as the woman feels  she can take care of herself?<br />What hurts about all this is that Greek  mythology is filled with terrific tales that could easily have been adapted  to suit Disney's needs. Even Hercules could have been used without all the  vicious sexual overtones and hints employed in this film. What a shame that  the creators of this revision did not do enough research to understand  their story or to revise it in a way that could have been both meaningful  to an audience and not encourage violence against women.
6305363668|5.0|Bladerunner is, without a doubt in my mind, one of the best films of the decade, along with Raging Bull and Blue Velvet. A lot of the reviews on this site deal with the original versus the Directors's Cut. I'll say it  simply: The latter is far superior. The director's cut is the version that  was meant to be seen; the original was destroyed by the studio because they  wanted it to have a happy ending and a simple plot. Ridley Scotts's version  takes away the horrid \\"happy ending\\" and leaves us with the principle  character stumbling upon his ultimate identity. The original had a  &quot;film noire&quot; voiceover to help the audience understand the story,  in this version the voiceover is removed and we are left with the silent  hero wondering through the dark city. Also in this version there is a dream  sequence featuring a unicorn running through the forest which is a very  important image in understaning the ending to the film. This is one of the  three greatest science-fiction films of all time, along with Star Wars and  2001. This film is a little different though. While those films were bright  and inspiring, Bladerunner is a dark and nihilistic film, set on an Earth  that is barren and dying and where Coke adds illuminte the city. And I  think it goes without saying the only way to watch this film is in  widescreen.
0792838068|1.0|Movies are an escape for most of us.  We enjoy the exhillaration of relating to the characters and blowing stuff up like Arnold or getting the girl like James Bond.  Movie character get to do the things we fantasize  about doing.  I don't fantasize about dying a slow and wretched death while  humiliating myself in the process.  Perhaps there's some deeper meaning  here I'm missing.  Not!  This movie is worse than boring.  It is hours of  painfull, torturous, insipid, doleful agony.
158234082X|5.0|<br />I read Anthony Bourdain's hilarious article in THE NEW YORKER magazine last year and couldn't wait to read more about his years spent in the  bowels of some of New York's finest restaurants.<br />KITCHEN CONFIDENTIAL did  not disappoint.  I laughed all the way through the book and learned a lot  along the way.  Think Hunter Thompson, drugs and all, writing about the  restaurant business.  <br />I learned that running a restaurant is not for the  faint of heart.  Just hauling all the bloody meat carcasses around would be  enough to turn your stomach.  Learning to carve the beef, fish, poultry and  lamb would put me off the job right away.  The pressure of turning out 600+  dinners in an evening is daunting.  <br />Paying the bills, keeping the  nut-case employees happy, knowing which Italian family currently controls  disposal of waste, and trying to stay on top of the ever changing and  always fickle American palette is enough to make anyone's head spin.   <br />The leveling factor, or so it seems, is chemicals -- and lots of them.   I don't think Bourdain has drawn a completely sober breath since he first  stepped into a commercial kitchen at the Dreadnaught in Provincetown, Cape  Cod.  When they weren't drinking up profits from the Dreadnaught's bar,  they were high on coke, LSD, mushrooms laced with honey, and finally,  heroin.  <br />As Bourdain explains: <br />So who the hell, exactly, ARE these  guys, the boys and girls in the trenches?  You might get the impression  from the specifics of MY less than stellar career that all line cooks are  wacked-out moral degenerates, dope fiends, refugees, a thuggish assortment  of drunks, sneak thieves, sluts and psychopaths.  You wouldn't be too far  off base.<br />After reading this riotous tale, I've made some changes in my  dining out behaviors.  I will not eat fish on Mondays.  I won't &quot;do  brunch.&quot;  I will schedule my dining excursions for weekdays, not  weekends.  I will never order anything well done and I won't insult the  chef by asking for sauce &quot;on the side.&quot;  I will sit at the bar  and watch what comes out of the kitchen before ordering.  I will skip lunch  and save my appetite for dinner.  Also, on my next trip to New York, I will  make reservations Bourdain's restaurant, Brasserie Les Halles...for Tuesday  night, of course!<br />If you want to know WHY I've changed my routines, read  this book.  You'll learn some interesting facts and chances are, you'll  laugh a lot during the process.<br />Enjoy!
0767903854|5.0|Having spent a decent amount of time in Australia myself, this book brought back many memories.  I've visited a number of the places Bryson describes and he's right on - my only suggestion to him would have been to  spend a few more days on the drive from Darwin to Alice Springs to get a  true feel for life in the middle of nowhere!    There's nothing more  daunting, and in a strange way thrilling, about turning off onto a road and  seeing a sign that reads &quot;500 km to the next petrol station.&quot;   And if you've never been there, Bryson's account of life in Australia will  make you curious enough to buy a plane ticket and go.  He acurately  describes all of the wonderful, and sometimes curious, things about the  world Down Under and his book made me homesick for the Sunburned Country  myself!
0800132009|5.0|David Lean's &quot;Bridge on the River Kwai&quot; is one of my favorite movies of all time, and one one the greatest war movies of all time, but a differnt war movie. Can the civilized Colonel Nichoson (brilliantly played  by Alec Guinness and won him an Academy Award for best actor) defy the  brutal Japanese Colonel Saito(Sessue Hayakawa, also brilliant)and win the  war of wills? At first we think he won't but the plot takes a strange turn  and this Nicholson turns out to be as fanatic as Saito is in the prison  camp. Beautifully shot in Ceylon(Sri Lanka) serving well for Burma by  Freddie Young, Lean's great photographer also for &quot;Lawrence of  Arabia&quot; the viewer can feel the heat and humidity, see the starving  appearance of the prisoners, who start buiding the bridge as a lark until  Nicholson wins his points of honor and they work harder than ever. My  favorite line in the movie is one of Colonel Saito's favorite sayings:  &quot;Be happy in your work,&quot; which takes on more and more irony as  the film and story unfolds. There is a side plot, with William Holden  barely escaping, only to be brought back back with hard-core commandoes(led  by demolitions expert Jack Hawkins) to the camp to blow up the bridge. This  is a wonderful psychological and subtle war film, with just enough  adventure and action to balance its war of words, over the Geneva  Covention(Nicholson keeps a copy of it in his pocket and then is slapped  with it by Saito)over points of British stiff upper lip and Japanese  warrior code,Bushido, two vastly different viewpoints but in the end breed  fanatics. The acting, editing, writing,and photography are all flawless.  This is one of the few war movies made forty ago that still rank with any  today. A true masterpiece, much imitated. Lean is a director of place and  attends to all the small details, from the ratty prisoner uniforms,a  Japanese sentry standing guard in the heavy rainfall, and the haunting  whistling of the entire ragged British company, marching tired and  disease-infested into a new camp just after Holden has been digging graves.  And the camp doctor, well-played by James Donald, saying &quot;Madness!  Madness! after watching the bridge being blown while a train crosses over.  A true classic of any genre. The restored version is excellent and again ,  since I saw this movie on a large screen, see it if you can at the theater,  even if you own this video. It is that good.
0312853238|5.0|I first read Ender's Game when I was in Elementary school.  I have read it many times since, the most recent being this Spring (2000).  This book is a timeless classic and surprisingly appeals to a great range of ages.<br />Any  gifted youngster can instantly bond and identify with Ender Wiggin, a lowly  'third', upon whom the fate of the human race may just depend.  The story  is inventive and charming.  The internal dialogue for Ender, and the  characterization of the supporting cast is impressive.  Card manages to  paint a captivating landscape of people and environs, while still moving  along the plot at an impressive tack.<br />The final 'twist' that puts this  book over the top does not necessarily ruin its enjoyment (otherwise I  would never have read it more than once), so if someone's spoiled that for  you, please don't let it stop you from reading this book, you'll be glad it  didn't.<br />Personally, I think Card should have stopped with this book, as  the remainder of the series is not as &quot;meaty&quot;.  I just couldn't  get into them like I did E-Game.  I hope the plans to turn this book into a  movie come to fruition, as I would be first in line!
B00004T9UF|4.0|If your offended by anything, this CD isn't for you.  This CD is a much needed slap in the face to the &quot;pc&quot; public.  With songs like &quot;Who Knew&quot; and &quot;Criminal&quot;. How many people take shots  at Christopher Reeves?  Well Eminem does and it's funny. If you can't laugh  at some of the lyrics on this CD then what do you laugh at?  Eminem is a  riot, and he isn't just a &quot;white rapper&quot;, he's a rapper. Period.   Don't take everything so serious, it's just music.
B000001ELB|3.0|Double Platinum,KISS's 1978 compilation is very good.The twenty songs represented here are original recordings,remixes and a newly recorded version of Strutter.    Double Platinum came about when there were rumors within the KISS ARMY that the band was breaking up. Ace and Peter expressed interest in leaving the band to pursue solo careers.Aucoin,Bogart and the band got together and devised an idea that each of them record solo albums.Criss and Frehley liked the idea and they agreed to remain in the band.Bogart had the band record a new version of Strutter to be released on a greatest hits package.Double Platinum was released in April 1978.It quickly went platinum.It also helped dispell rumors that the band was breaking up.    The original recordings representd here are:Do You Love  Me?,Let Me Go Rock and Roll,God of Thunder, I Want You,Deuce,Hotter Than Hell,100,000 Years,Rock and Roll All Nite,Beth,Makin'Love,C'mon and Love Me and Cold  Gin.    As for the remixes,some are hits and others are  misses.The hits are Hard Luck Woman,Love Gun,Detroit Rock City,She(interspersed with Rock Bottom intro) and Black Diamond.The misses are Firehouse(because it lacks the siren heard at the end of the original) and Calling Dr.Love(because it lacks the HA!,Yeah and I'm your doctor of love that Gene ad libbed on the original).    Sadly,the only ripoff is Strutter'78.This rerecorded version of Strutter proves that \\"rock and roll\\" and \\"disco\\" do not mix.    While a very good first retrospective,it isn't the definitive anthology that fans old and new would expect.Nonetheless,it's a very good addition to any fans music library.It might encourage fans to raid the other compilations that were released years after this one.
B0000009SM|5.0|You may NEVER see it again!  This is the third copy of this disc that I've ordered...  The previous two have vanished on perpetual loan.<br />If I had to pick a single album by FZ to introduce him to a new listener, this is the  one I'd pick.  The music is beautiful, and the usual Zappa Wierdness Factor  is there, but not so intrusive as it is in 'Lumpy Gravy' and 'We're Only In  It For The Money.'
B000002W9Q|4.0|Perfect music for people that like the dance style of 60's and 70's. My most favorite songs are (I've had)The Time Of My Life ; Be My Baby ; She's Like The Wind and You Don't Own Me. See the film and listen to it!
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Maiden is back!  Bruce sounds just as good as he did on such Maiden classics as Powerslave and Somewhere in Time.  Every song is amazing on this CD, it is a true return to form and should follow Seventh Son of a  Seventh Son as the next Maiden classic.  Now that the boys are back  together again, all is right with the world.  Best tracks include The  Wicker Man, Blood Brothers, Brave New World, and The Fallen Angel.  If you  are a Maiden fan who stopped buying their albums once Bruce, Adrian, and  Harris left the group, get ready for an all out assault.  This is a  masterpiece and Maiden will conquer the world once again.  Up the  Irons!
B000002LQR|5.0|I can only say one thing.             BUY THIS ALBUM NOW!
B00004RFCM|5.0|I wasn't expecting it, but I didn't even pause before buying it when this gem hit the shelves. This is one of the smartest and funniest shows on television. Even better - it's affordable! It's far too typical for TV  shows to come out 1 or 2 episodes to a tape, all priced at $19.95 or more.  At this price, I'll buy the whole series - soon? I hope? I'm waiting for  season two...
B00003CX6P|4.0|My main reason to see this one was to compare teh old movie , Purple Noon with Alain Delon as Tom Ripley, with this one.  I think that it is a great modern version, in particular, that homosexual twist changes it all.  So,  I find it utterly superior to Purple Noon.  I think the cast is great and  they play very well, too.  Also, beautiful italian scenery adds to the  beauty of the film.  On top, it's a great suspense and it ends differently  from Purple Moon.  It's definitely a more sophosticated among the two.
6305278016|3.0|It's been ten years since I first saw this in theatre and surprisingly it's still as entertaining. How about a sequel? The 5.1 Surround is very good. According to me this DVD picture is very grainy and the theatrical  trailer on the DVD is much sharper than the feature film. Anybody feels the  same about this?
B00000JGOH|1.0|Perhaps it is a great movie for those who actually know very little about Shakespeare, literature, history and art in general.  I am sure it won the Oscar becuase it's so revoltingly simple and unsophisticated, but  unfortunately, it profanes a serious subject of art and lets an ordinary  person think that now he is familiar with something more subliminal than  his everydy chores.  I guess it has an appeal to masses, otherwise it's  hard to explain why it wins these rave reviewes.  All in all, it's a soap  opera at best, and even the sonnet they selected is the most beaten up  Shakespeare's piece.  The film shows what happens when a theory that art's  purpose is to entertain working people is implemented live... By the way,  Saving Private Ryan is even worse, in my opinion - a totally fantastic  story good for elementary scholl kids...
B000006O7C|5.0|As an artist, I am interested in the creative process just as much as I crave the satisfaction of the end-product. In this case, I feel blessed to have a glimpse into the process of such an amazing musician. I was not  taken aback by the rawness of many of the tracks on this album - I was  inspired by them. I feel as if I've been lead by Jeff himself into a room  inside his mind where all of his creative genius was brewing, where ideas  boiled over and out into the form of word and sound. It's a place without  order or chaos, where nothing is thrown away and everything is considered.  &quot;Sketches&quot; is the tangible evidence of this place where creation  occurs, a place not often open to the public. Some of the most awkward  sounding works are my favorites because they are REAL. They are unpolished  stones, a parcel of rare jewels that we seldom get to see from any artist.  Perhaps if Buckley's life hadn't come to such an untimely end, we would not  have had this peep-hole look into his creative process. That is a trade  which, without question, we would make to have back his life and a whole  lifetime of music ahead. Since that barder is one we cannot make, we now  hold these precious Sketches, snapshots given to us by those closest to  Buckley that give us a rare look into the heart and soul of this beautiful  man.
B000001DYD|5.0|What would life be without Polly Jean Harvey? I feel she is the most talented artist in music today. Rid of Me shines as an album of incredible intensity and intelligence.<br />The focus of most of this album is love and  the feelings it evokes. And most of these feelings aren't good.<br />The first  song &quot;Rid of Me&quot; has a wonderful explosion in it with PJ singing  lines such as, &quot;I'll make you lick my  injuries..&quot;.<br />&quot;Missed&quot; is so beautifully sad and lyrically  brilliant. And very melodic. At this point my favorite song is the next  one, &quot;Legs&quot;. PJ takes her vocals to new limits as she moans,  pleads, torments, and threatens.<br />Other highlight songs are &quot;Rub til  It Bleeds&quot;, the funky &quot;Me-Jane&quot;, &quot;Yuri-G&quot;, and the  rocking &quot;50FT Queenie&quot;.<br />I most highly recommend this album and  I hope it brings as much ecstasy to your life as it has mine.
B00000AFWW|4.0|Forget comparisons. If you approach this album hoping that Hole have re-recorded Live Through This in the late 90's, then you'll be disappointed. I very nearly made that mistake and after the first listen I  was ready to bin it. But rather than screaming 'sell-out' with all the  others, I listened to the album a second time, as the independent recording  that it is. And that's when I realised that Celebrity Skin, rather than  being a stale re-release of Live Through This, is an atmospheric Live  Through This for the late 90's. Lyrically Courtney Love has produced a  masterpiece of nuances and subtleties with more than several passing  references to Kurt Cobain, and musically, being co-written with Billy  Corgan, the album encompasses a broad range of emotions, and has equal if  not more angst than the previous album. Yes it has a softer feel to it, but  Hole have in no way sold out, creating a moving, catchy album which proves  that they are the only early nineties grunge band still kicking out the  same blistering emotions at the end of the decade that they did at the  start.<br />The opener and title track starts the album on a high, rocking all  the way with a bitter attack on Hollywood and a chorus that sticks in your  mind long after you have finished listening to it. 'Awful' follows it, a  pop-rock number which somehow manages to become heavier midway through the  verse by the addition of a second guitar whilst still sounding poppy. It  represents the new Hole, musically uplifting yet imbued with deep cynicism  underneath. 'Hit So Hard' is a slower number, swaying music and awed  vocals. 'Malibu' is another subtle blending of pop, rock and punk, that  conjures up perfect images of sunsets in California and palm trees  silhouetted against the ocean, and thus on atmospherics it scores very  highly. Then, for die-hard grunge fans, comes 'Reasons to Be Beautiful', a  scathing song with striking imagery throughout that only loses the  heaviness at the end to break into a moodier, reflective outro. 'Dying' is  a beautiful, violin-fuelled ballad that is clearly Corgan influenced, all  soft and haunting and oh so Pumpkins, but made entirely Hole by Love's  mournful and touching lyrics. 'Use Once and Destroy' is probably the  weakest song on the album, with a decidedly poor verse but a redeeming  chorus where the vocals and guitars fit seamlessly together in grungy  musical harmony. 'Northern Star', far from Mel C's screeching, is an  acoustic expression of mourning for loves lost, and it succeeds on both  musical and emotional scales. 'Boys On The Radio' is the least memorable  track on the album, with nothing remarkably noteworthy about it that  separates it from the other songs; it is catchy and uplifting and cynical,  slotting in almost unnoticed within the others. The next song, 'Heaven  Tonight', is another atmospheric masterpiece of pop-rock, which somehow  enshrines the emotion of teenage crushes within its midst.  If angst is  your thing, 'Playing Your Song' is the epitome of anger and loathing and  hurt. Probably the heaviest song on the album, the 'Song' of the title is  undoubtedly Cobain's, Love attacking the music industry for capitalising on  his suicide, his fans for glorifying the death, and even Cobain himself for  committing that fateful final act. Reminiscent of 'Something In The Way',  the last track of Nirvana's Nevermind, 'Petals' is a moody and equally  moving ending to the album. If there is one track which summarises the  whole album, it is this one, building up at the opening from its acoustic  guitars to a sombre and dark chorus with a haunting backing vocal. It  continues onwards to a heavy and emotional bridge, before a quiet verse  takes you into the final heavy chorus and then out via an orchestral,  sentimental violin.<br />'Celebrity Skin' is a near-perfect album. Perhaps  reflecting Love's current acceptance into the movie world, it can almost be  seen as the soundtrack to every facet of disillusionment, such is the  atmosphere created by each and every song. Indeed, the title track has been  used in several films, including 'American Pie', and 'Playing Your Song's  psychotic intro is crying out for exploitation. Far from being 'Hole sells  out' it is 'Hole recreate themselves to produce the same end result', and  that is beautiful, affecting, timeless songs. Love's voice ranges far wider  on this album, cutting from gruff and angry to soft and dreamy at a  moment's notice. Eric Erlandson's guitar cannot be faulted, and Melissa Auf  Der Mer's bass and backing vocals show that she was a more than adequate  replacement for the tragically departed Pfaff. If you can try and forget  the expectations that the follow-up to Live Through This inevitably  inspires, this is a classic album which can only grow on you the more you  listen to it. If you can't get over the fact that a hardcore grunge band is  now a pop-rock band which approaches the same themes with the same energy  but from a different angle, then this isn't the album for you. But then the  title of the album sums it up. Hole may now be celebrities on the surface,  but underneath, they are still Hole.sionment, such is the  atmosphere created by each and every song. Indeed, the title track has been  used in several films, including 'American Pie', and 'Playing Your Song's  psychotic intro is crying out for exploitation. Far from being 'Hole sells  out' it is 'Hole recreate themselves to produce the same end result', and  that is beautiful, affecting, timeless songs. Love's voice ranges far wider  on this album, cutting from gruff and angry to soft and dreamy at a  moment's notice. Eric Erlandson's guitar cannot be faulted, and Melissa Auf  Der Mer's bass and backing vocals show that she was a more than adequate  replacement for the tragically departed Pfaff. If you can try and forget  the expectations that the follow-up to Live Through This inevitably  inspires, this is a classic album which can only grow on you the more you  listen to it. If you can't get over the fact that a hardcore grunge band is  now a pop-rock band which approaches the same themes with the same energy  but from a different angle, then this isn't the album for you. But then the  title of the album sums it up. Hole may now be celebrities on the surface,  but underneath, they are still Hole.
B00004UEDQ|5.0|This movie is one of the best movies of Sandra I have seen. She plays a alcoholic, who needs to find herself again in rehab, that is why the name &quot;28 days&quot;. Why is this movie so good? Well, it shows you how the  real world can be, and that it isn't always much fun as it looks. My  favourite part of the movie is where Gwen (Sandra) plays a part of the hot  series &quot;Santa Cruz&quot;. She has these curly things in her hair, and  plays a magic role as Dorian. She does this for her roommate, who is almost  leaving rehab. Of course there are more funny bits in the movie, but also  serious parts. But you have to acctualy see it, because I am not going to  tell you more. In my last sentence I just wanted to let everyone know that  YOU HAVE TO SEE THIS MOVIE!
B000002JB3|1.0|I'm sorry, but even though I like Phil Collins, I heard that this album wasn't the big thing (it was a slump). My recommendation: get \\"No Jacket Required,\\" \\"Seriuos Hits...Live!,\\" or \\"Hits\\" instead.
B00003CXGG|5.0|This movie was great! I thought it would be like Black Mask or Fist of Legend.It wasn't.It was more like a romeo and juliet plus some martial arts.This a must see for Jet Li fans.
6300214753|5.0|This movie is very good I find it one of the best movies i had ever seen!   I enoyed it a lot it was very funny and also touching.  I would definitly  recomend this movie for all ages!
B000000OQF|5.0|This album alone turned 1987 into an explosive year. It proved that great music have an additude.              There's plenty of music around that constantly mentions love, godliness, etc. But let's be serious people. Life  isn't gonna be kind and perfect. I doubt there will ever be a day where  everyone on the planet is gonna hold hands and make a big peace sign.         Though somewhat subliminal, Appetite For Destruction can prepare for the  real world. Along with it's damn-near perfect songwriting, you'll never  forget.
B00000JZC4|4.0|Filter's follow up to 1994's Short Bus is, in my opinion, a very enjoyable album. Simply put, Filter creates songs that one finds singing long after the disc has stopped spinning. If you enjoy good rock n' roll, buy this album, you may very well find yourself leaving this one on auto-repeat!  Lead vocalist Richard Patrick, formerly of Nine Inch Nails, has a fantastic  voice. When mingled with the talented Geno Lenardo's moody guitar playing,  his music is no less than mesmerizing. <br />Among the more compelling of the  tracks on the disc is the hit single, &quot;Take a Picture.&quot; An upbeat  and inspirational sound is combined with an interesting message:  &quot;Could you take my picture? 'Cuz I won't remember.&quot; &quot;Could  everyone agree that no one should be left alone?&quot; &quot;And I feel  like a newborn, kicking and screaming.&quot; This song refers to an  incident in which Patrick, while on a late flight, stripped naked and began  wandering around the air craft, much to the shock and chagrin of the other  passengers. When asked about this, Patrick claimed, &quot;I was just really  drunk!&quot; <br />The spooky and disturbing &quot;Cancer&quot; is an angry,  emotionally charged cry for reason. It talks about mankind, and its  seemingly inevitable path of self-destruction, as the chorus pleads,  &quot;Hey, my children, what seems important won't last forever.&quot;  Patrick seems to be reckoning with forces too big to be dealt with in any  reasonable fashion, leaving him to merely watch with tears rolling down his  face. <br />&quot;Skinny&quot; seems to reflect Patrick's feelings on the  distorted view of what is considered beautiful in our society. He speaks to  the models, the rock stars, the actors, and other such celebrities,  repeating a show-biz mantra, &quot;Don't ever let them see you cheat, don't  ever let them see you bleed, don't ever let them see you cry, don't ever  let them believe that scam.&quot; <br />With great lyrics, fantastic singing,  and great musical accompaniment, Title of Record is sure to be included  among the best rock albums of the late nineties.<br />
B00003Q43A|5.0|So ID4 wouldn't be a hit at the film festival . . . We watched American Beauty and ID4 on the same night (our own little Sundance!), and even though the two movies are about as far apart as possible, both kept our  evening guests riveted. Hey, this movie is a suspension of reality, visual  candy, and has charachters you can relate to. Maybe not so different from  American Beauty after all!  Give your brain a rest, and enjoy yourself.
B000007MVU|5.0|Pay no attention to the review below mine. This reviewer is apparently about 10 years old and is not familiar with the excellent standards and ballads chosen for this first Ringo LP. There are many standout cuts on  this CD and all of the arrangements are incredibly done and quite original  - in short, very Ringo! The arrangements are by, among others, Richard  Perry, Quincy Jones, George Martin, Paul McCartney, Maurice Gibb and Klaus  Voorman. Standout tracks are Night And Day (Cole Porter would be proud),  Bye Bye Blackbird (done in pure Ringo fashion), Blue Turning Grey Over You  and the Elmer Bernstein novelty arrangement of Have I Told You Lately That  I Love You. This is not just a novelty album as many claim it is. Those who  &quot;don't get&quot; or understand this album are those who do not have a  lot of musical knowledge or who do not have varied musical tastes. The  songs covered on this LP range from being originally released between the  years of 1926 and 1955. Ringo loves these old standards and it shows. Don't  expect the Beatles or Rock n Roll (such as &quot;Vertical Man&quot;) on  this album. Expect just Ringo! And how could anyone not love Ringo!  He  does a very credible job on this album and the arrangements are all very  diverse and unique. If you don't like old ballads such as Stardust, you  won't like this album. If you have intelligent tastes, you will love this.  If you are a huge Ringo fan, you MUST own this. It's pure Ringo and it's  pure fun!
B00002MZ4W|5.0|With this album, Fiona has proved to us that she will be around for the long run. Fiona has evolved from a heavy rotation MTV idol to a silent artist whose fan base is extensive, but gets to radio coverage at  all...similar to Tori Amos. Let's face it though, Tori's recent efforts  have been lacking a bit. Perhaps Tori's time has passed, or perhaps she is  preparing something spectacular for her next album. But meanwhile Fiona is  the new rock piano diva. Tidal was a spectacular album, and this album is  an extremely worthy effort as well. We see a more matured Fiona on this  album. Her lyrics are stronger, and she sings with more inspiration and  feeling. The music is quite different from Tidal, and perhaps we do miss  this a bit on this album, but Fiona introduces us to a new type of sound,  and I love it! You won't be sorry.
B000002BVN|4.0|I recently bought Blood on the Dancefloor. I had borrowed it a few months ago from a friend, to tell the truth I didn't like it that much. But I listened to it again a few more times after that, it grew on me. Now I  think it is a listenable album.<br />The first five songs are new songs on the  collection, the other 8 are remixes of songs from his 1995 album HIStory,  the second cd.<br />The first 5 songs include Blood On The Dancefloor, a nice  pop song with nice beats and grooves. Morphine is a great song, very dark  but the beats are nothing we've heard since his Dangerous album. Superfly  Sister is a great song too, sounds like its from the 80s. Ghosts is another  great song. Is It Scary is a nice song too.<br />The remixes, some are good,  some arent. This is why I only gave the album 4 stars. Some of the better  remixes include Stranger In Moscow (Tee's In House Club Mix),  Earth Song  (Hani's Club Experience), HIStory (TOny Moran's HIStory Lesson), Money  (Fire Island Radio Edit), Scream (Flyte Tyme Remix) and a few others,  though some I cant listen to because they just dont grab me.<br />If your  considering this album, you might want to take a listen before you buy,  because its a little of a departure of what hes done before. But if your a  hardcore MJ fan you will most likely like it.
0553278223|4.0|Two things struck me about this book: 1) The title says &quot;Martian Chronicles&quot; and it is just that, a set of stories which are chronicles about Mars, and 2) As much as I hate to say it, Ray Bradbury's portrayal of  humans is still accurate today.  Mankind is almost entirely made up of  people who are only interested in claiming something as &quot;mine, mine,  mine!&quot;, just like a greedy child, along with no real thought about  possible ramifications of such things as war and murder.<br />For an  &quot;old-fashioned sci-fi story&quot; it sure holds up well to the prism  of time!
B0000026WD|4.0|Dangerous is almost a perfect album, it has some of his best music ever, since Thriller. Some of those songs include the first song on the album, Jam. This is such a fresh sounding song, with intense beats and hardcore  grooves. In The Closet is another great song with nice beats and melodies,  but the intro we could have done without. Remember The Time is one of his  best songs in years. Black Or White is a good song, but would be better  without the cheap rap in the middle. Who is it is one of his best songs  that hes ever done, and Give In To Me is another great song as well with a  guest appearance by Slash. The title track is another song with great  beats, another great song too.<br />The only songs I dont enjoy on Dangerous  are Heal The World, good message but it just overdoes the 'making things  better' message, he should take it down a notch or two, his sister Janet  masters those issues best on her Rhythm Nation 1814 album. Will You Be  There and Keep The Faith, they are nice songs but way too long and  overproduced. Gone Too Soon is a nice tribute but it doesnt appeal to me  really.<br />I suggest to get this album if you want to hear some of his best  songs.
B00003CX6P|5.0|Tom Ripley (Matt Damon) may be charming, but he's a master of deceit.  When he befriends a wealthy young man (Jude Law) and his fianc'ee (Gwenth Paltrow) they'll find out too late that he has sinister motives in  mind.<br />This movie was a little bit confusing but it made up for it with  its wonderful talent.
6305971293|4.0|For those of u who do not follow the halloween series, this is NOT a good choice to see yet.  if u dont want to see 1-3 (1 is the best though), check out the 4th installment to get more eqipted with the story line.  if u do  follow, this is a great movie to see.  past all it's typical cheesy horror  movie junk, there is something in this that is rarely seen, the killer  (michael myers) has a touching moment with his niece (not an object of his  affection by the way). this ofcorse does not make out to be a happy ending  movie, but it does make it an interesting one.  staring in this movie is  Donald Plesence (halloween 1, 2, 4, 5, and 6) and Danielle Harris (urban  legend which was also excellent and roseanne). the DVD form will include  widescreen formatt and trailers. supposably, there is to be a box set  edition with will include out-takes and origional television spot  commercials.  next to be realeased is Halloween:The Curse of Michael Myers  with will include out-takes from the unrelesed version, so keep a look-out!
B00000I8BX|5.0|This album makes all other rock albums obsolete, fear factory's sound is very unique and just incredible to listen to. The music is very inspired and the vocals are absolutely amazing. What a voice! The drumming is as  crisp and precise  as you will ever hear, and the riffs are great, very  hard most of the time. I have already wrote a review for this album, as  some of you may notice, but I feel I have more to say about this album that  is very important. I have owned this album for about a month now and I  still listen to it AT LEAST once a day! The songs are so cool, some  unbelievable. Keep in mind though that some of the songs take a while to  grow on you. When you first buy the album, chances are you will likely like  certain songs and not like the others. Well, trust me, this will change. As  time goes the songs you didnt enjoy you start to realise how brilliant they  are. Some songs are just more acsessible then others. It took me quite a  while to learn how to truly appreciate the songs Smasher/Devourer, Freedom  or Fire, and Obsolete. The song Resurrection is probably my favorite song  on the album and maybe even my favorite song period. I love the  orchestrated sound, it fits the song so perfectly! Well anyways, I have  said what I set out to say originally, I hope you all buy this album, enjoy  it, recommend it to others, and make Fear Factory the biggest band the  world's ever known! They deserve to be, there really is genius going on in  this album...Buy it. Now! &quot;...This is the hour of your  reckoning...&quot;
0800184327|2.0|It's about ballroom competitors. Out of all the ballroom competition  movies out there, this one is the least entertaining. &quot;Shall We  Dance&quot; is way better.
B0000041LO|5.0|One might suspect that 43 piano trios are a tad much;  as far as I'm concerned, it's 43 too few. There is not one trio here that  will not delight or please by its melody or invention. Nothing is stagnant  or academic--- it's all sheer pleasure, hours and hours worth. And, trio  after trio, we find Haydn consistently ingenious, never dull, never boring.  And there is so much here to revel in, too. Perky allegros, haunting  andantes, witty prestos. This is Haydn at his most endearing and  accessible, no doubt about it. But, of course, those of us who love and  admire Haydn's chamber music already know this. The Beaux Arts Trio have made these Haydn works their own, period. It is a landmark reissue in every sense. The analogue transfers, as well, are immaculate, warm, full-bodied and with remarkable presence.<br /><br />[Running time:  CD 1: 71:28  CD 2: 77:07  CD 3: 70:29  CD 4: 65:50  CD 5: 74:45<br />  CD 6: 76:34  CD 7: 66:29  CD 8: 61:24  CD 9: 69:52]
0767827694|5.0|I find this movie exhilirating. I haven't read the book, but I understand that some major changes in plot, theme and tone have been made by the director of Orlando. So if you want the movie to be just like the book,  just give up. It ain't gonna happen.<br />But if you are willing to take the  movie on its own terms - directed by Sally Potter, not by Virginia Woolf -  then you might enjoy this film.<br />Let me note some of the major attractions  of Orlando:<br />1. It is a beautiful film to look at. Orlando is about a  person who lives over four hundred years - from the reign of Elizabeth I to  1990. Each period gets full and proper attention. the 19th century is dark  and foggy, the 20th sharp and bright and 17th rich and royal reds. The  visuals enhance the theme rather than drown the characters.<br />2. Tild  Swinton. A lot of people criticized her acting as being dull or  understated. I tended to think she hit things on the mark. In order to get  the feeling that the movie is about Orlando - and not about scenery - she  wisely chooses to be detached. I got the feeling that Orlando was observing  things, which heightens the feeling of not quite fitting in, even as  Orlando tries to grapple with the world he/she inhabits. This is important  to capture if the character lives through different time periods.<br />3. Lot  of neat details and in-jokes. Potter does not try to say too much about the  nature of gender or other heavy duty topics. She let's the viewer think for  himself. This means that there is lots of room for clever in jokes.  Example: the same actor plays an impoverished poet in 1700 and a greedy  publisher in 1990. <br />Taken together, you get a great movie. One person  compared it to 2001: A Space Oddysey. I think it is a good comparison. Lush  visuals, loose plot that still sticks to some simple good ideas, leisurely  understated acting, etc. Overall, just great. It all comes together in what  I think is a unique movie.
B00000AF98|3.0|CRAZY NIGHTS is a schizoprenic album, to be sure.  With such great songs as \\"I'll Fight Hell To Hold You,\\" \\"Hell Or High Water,\\" \\"Good Girl Gone Bad,\\" and \\"When Your Walls Come Down,\\"  it's  kind of difficult to explain the embarrasing \\"Crazy Crazy  Nights,\\" which has the WORST verse riff and vocal melody EVER WRITTEN  by KISS (Paul can take credit/blame for that one).<br /><br />\\"My Way\\"  would make a great song on a Paul Stanley solo album, but it does not fit on a KISS album, and neither does \\"Turn On The Night,\\" a  half-hearted Bon Jovi style song.  \\"No No No,\\" and \\"Thief In  The Night,\\" (written by Gene Simmons and originally recorded by Wendy  O. Williams) give the album a little bit of a menacing presence, but the  album on the whole is too bright both stylistically and sonically (WAY too  much high end, not enough bass) thanks to the (mis)production by Ron  Nevison.  KISS came back with a better album next time out (HOT IN THE  SHADE - which in turn was followed by, arguably, their best studio album, REVENGE), but CRAZY  NIGHTS did cost KISS some fans back in '87-'88 who were turned off by the  slick songwriting and production.<br /><br />Where ASYLUM mixed pop melodies with HEAVY performances and raw production, CRAZY NIGHTS went pop/slick all the  way.  Still, it IS a good album; but, like PSYCHO CIRCUS, it is not the  album that the FANS wanted to hear.
6302043158|5.0|I have seen this movie many times and I never get tired ofit. I believe this is due to me having a &quot;mod heart&quot;. I havemany favourite scenes but if I had to choose one, that would be the part in which Jimmy's girl is dancing with another guy and Jimmy changes the music into &quot;My generation&quot; (greater hymn in history).<br />I strongly recommend this movie to everybody who feels young and inconformist. It will change you! <br />PS: I have a fanzine called &quot;El Efecto Oregano&quot; and we have written about &quot;Quadrophenia&quot; before [...] and are looking forward for an special edition based uniquely on Quadrophenia. We want to collect different opinions about the movie from people around the world. So if you'd like to see your &quot;modern&quot; thoughts in paper you can send your text to efecto_oregano@ole.com. ¡we are the mods, we are the mods, we are, we are, we are the mods!
006092988X|5.0|I just read A Tree Grows in Brooklyn, and I could not put it down. All of Betty Smith's characters are vivid illustrations of types of personalities, yet she manages to show a bright side to all of them; the alcoholic father  who loves his daughter, the &quot;free&quot; aunt who knows the true  meaning of family loyalty, and a strong, sometimes harsh mother who will  fight to the death for her children. This book is poignant and touching,  with scenes that expose the tender and fragile nature of childhood.  Francie's insights about society and people are also thought-provoking. The  novel is an easy-read; however, by no means should it not be considered a  literary treasure. Pick this one up for a novel study, a reading group, or  just some summer reading next to the pool.
B0000025GW|5.0|I can hardly express how meaningful this album has been in my life. I first bought it in 1987 right before leaving to live abroad for a year. I was fairly isolated that year and didn't speak the language very well.  Strange as it may seem, this album was my first real exposure to spiritual  music and to Christ. I listened to it over and over because it was deeply  meaningful, and it remains a favorite. &quot;I Believe In You&quot; is  probably one of the most significant songs I have heard to this day.<br />Give  this album a chance to touch you. It's beautiful, poetic, and moving and I  hope you'll give it the opportunity to affect your life as it has mine.
0316777722|3.0|The excitement which gripped me when I saw that David Sedaris' new book, ME TALK PRETTY ONE DAY, had come out was considerable.  After all, this is the author whose comic voice I read as it developed in his first collection  (BARREL FEVER).  In that collection, Sedaris evolved from a rather  aggravatingly shock-oriented short story author, to a man who was able to  mine his considerably ridiculous autobiography for such brilliant short  stories as GIANTESS and THE SANTALAND DIARIES.<br />  Then Sedaris wrote  NAKED, a book that I return to once a year because of its amazing critical  wit, a vitriol-filled eye that Sedaris does not spare himself from.   Balancing this evil eye is a strong sense of humanity and heart (espeically  in such short stories as ASHES) that keep the author from seeming too  gutless and cruel.<br />   And now comes Sedaris' third collection of essays,  &quot;Me Talk Pretty One Day&quot;. True, the collection has many things  going for it.  Even though Sedaris is in a happy, well-adjusted  relationship, his satirical vision is still intact.  The author can crack a  joke that bends you to its will, forcing you to laugh. But all of those  things are present in NAKED.  <br />What this collection lacks are those  things present in his earlier collection-- a sense of coherency and the  insights that his critical eyes lead him to.  NAKED is not framed as a  coherent narrative yet it clearly follows the author from young childhood  through to adulthood in his various journeys of self, whether hitchhiking  with a quadraplegic or house cleaning for a lesbian anti-semite.  ME TALK  PRETTY ONE DAY is packaged as a coherent narrative of Sedaris' experiences  with the language, but rarely do the essays seem to really interrelate  until the second half of the book when he gets to France.<br />A lot of the  time, the essays seem more catty than observational.  Sedaris rests on the  laurels of his humor, as opposed to making the kind of brilliant  observationsthat mark his stories as something special.  This collection  is very funny, but it lacks the backbone that Sedaris' fans have come to  expect from him.  So, in other words, wait for the paperback, go buy NAKED,  and read it a couple of times...
0671027344|1.0|I found this book to be way too explicit for young teens. Evenfor older teens I found it lacking. It covered the lives of a numberof messed up teenagers and missed the opportunity to send any positive messages or morals to teens.  I was very diappointed and offended by this book.
B00000JCY0|5.0|...to FINALLY make this masterpiece available again! Even at the time of its initial release in 1974, you had to be a dedicated record geek (guilty!) to track down a British-import vinyl copy of &quot;Sweet Fanny  Adams&quot;. While over half the songs on this album were pasted onto the  U.S. version of &quot;Desolation Boulevard&quot; and the rest scattered  onto various compilations over the years, you have to enjoy this one in its  original sequence to truly appreciate its significance in the Rock  Pantheon. An almost supernatural mix of crunching rock,unforgettable  melodies and angelic harmonies, this set never lets up from start to  finish. The re-issue also features two outstanding bonus tracks.  Glam-rock's &quot;Revolver&quot;!
6302293553|5.0|This is one of the funniest movies I've ever seen. Some dude didn't think it was funny but i guess thats because you cant be looking for some sort of incredibly deep and moving picture when you watch this...Sit on the couch,  relax, dont think about your job,cut down the largest tree in the forrest  with a herring,and laugh your bum off
B000007T1M|5.0|A lot of people i talk to don't like this CD. Part of the reason is that everyone categorizes this in the same slot as Coal Chamber, Slipknot, Korn, blah blah blah. Of course, system differs from the rest of the angst filled  pack. Serj Tankian, instead of the usual animal-esque roar, has a higher,  melodic voice, and on some tracks (Suggestions, Ddevil) a high pitched  yelp. And instead of the normal pounding, chugging drums or &quot;hip hop  influenced&quot; beats, there's many tempo changes throughout the album  (Suite-Pee, P.L.U.C.K.), and the track &quot;Peephole&quot; has almost a  circus music type melody. I don't really know what to compare this to,  except maybe a mix of Rage Against the Machine-type power (without the rap  or hip hop influence) and left of center melodies.  The band members are of  Armenian descent, and it comes through in the music. Musically, this is  very wide ranging, and lyrically it is also all over the place, with topics  ranging from Politics and genocide to suicide and marijuana. Fans of the  hard music genre who are sick of downtuned melodies and tormented lyrics  should pick this up. The rest of the album may be harder to catch on then  &quot;Spiders&quot;, but listen a couple of times and you'll be rewarded  with one of the best debut albums since Korn's or Rage Against the  Machine's. My favorites are songs 1-8, 10 and 13, though there isn't a bad  song on here.
0312954468|5.0|I loved River God.  It was so beautiful.  I felt like I could close my eyes and be in ancient Egypt.  The smells, the emotions, the scenery, they were all described to perfection.  Even though everyone found Taita  pompous, I thought he was incredibly brave and noble.  I wish he was real  and living.  Lostris was actually the one who annoyed me.  Why wouldn't she  be with him if she really loved him?
0425129586|5.0|I thought that &quot;And Then There Were None&quot; is an exciting and thrilling mystery.  One of Agatha Christie's best books, it kept me on the edge of my seat.  I didn't figure out the murderer until I read the  epiloge!
1558908374|5.0|Quite simply, wonderful.  This film is true to Disney form.  There's  something in it for every member of the family.  Casting Glen Close as the  infamous Cruella De Vil was pure genious.  There is plenty of slapstick,  with dialogue of a more &quot;overt&quot; nature.  If you want to buy a  movie and not regret it, this is the one.  I gaurantee you'll watch it 101  times.
B00004SCX6|5.0|I thought that the CD &quot;Oops I Did it Again&quot; was Britney's better of her two albums.  Many people do not like Britney Spears, but I happen to be a fan. Everyone thought she was trying to be more &quot;mature&quot; but  this album is acceptable for all ages.
B000002KBU|5.0|On BLUE, Joni Mitchell shows us that she is one of the most amazingly talented, intelligent, bright rock figures making music.   This is, hands down, one of the all time best albums ever made.<br />I think the reason I  love BLUE the most of all Joni Mitchells work is because it's packed with  love songs. You may be scratching your head with a confused expression on  your face, but honestly there is much love on this album. Not the 'rah-rah'  3rd grade kind of love that was being processed by bubblegum groups at the  time this was put out. I'm talking about grown up, well thought out,  honest, faithful, true head on uncrushable kinda LOVE.<br />Though every song  on this album is amazing and beautiful, everyone seems to gravatate toward  5 songs in particular...<br />The first being 'A Case of You', where Joni  compares deep love to being drunk (now, who can't relate to that? hmmm).  She sings &quot;...I could drink a case of you and still be on my  feet...&quot;.<br />The next being the mornful 'River', which highlights the  blue side of holidays. Its a very beautiful song, but very emotional and  very heartfelt. When Joni sings &quot;...Im so selfish and sad, now I've  gone and lost the best baby I ever had...&quot; I cry like a school girl.  'River' has been covered several times by a few C&amp;W singers.<br />Next is  'California', which is simply a love song written for one of the best  states in the USA. Having grown up in CA, it makes me smile to hear Joni  sing '...Im your biggest fan, California Im coming home...'. <br />Also, there  is 'Carey', another light hearted song to a &quot;mean old daddy&quot; who  Joni likes &quot;just fine&quot;.<br />Lastly, but not least is one of the  most beautiful, honest love songs I have ever heard. In 'All I Want' Joni  doesn't pour on the sugar and honey. She simply sings that she wants to  make her mate the best they can be, and be the best person she can be for  them. AMAZING! She also sings that she wants to shampoo,have fun, talk to,  and renew this person of her affection. Among other things...<br />This album  also contains the song 'Little Green' which Joni recently said she had  written to the daughter she had had to give up for adoption. Its a  beautiful, yet heavy hearted tune. The other songs on this album sparkle  and shine with that Joni wit and wisdom that you cant help but  adore.<br />Another point of interest is that Stephen Stills, and James Taylor  play on a hand full of the albums tracks.<br />Joni Mitchell released this  album almost 30 years ago and it's still timesless, unmatched, full of  beauty and a true work of art.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Right now if you are considering buying one film make sure that it is Fight Club. Beyond the aparrently glorified violence and noiresque direction is a fantastic twist of one mans take on life. The 'I never  thought that would happen' factor of the film is massive, more so than 'The  Usual Suspects'giving it grest 're-watcgabilty' although the violence and  dark nature of the film won't cater to everyone's taste those with a smart  stomach and a strong head will love Fight Club. So go buy it. Now....
B00003Q43A|4.0|Great DVD!  The extras are great and the menu is incredible work.  A truly DVD masterpiece.
B000002KB8|4.0|Black Sabbath's self titled debut is THE album that began heavy metal!  It is THE beginning of a new phase of rock music!  &quot;BLACK SABBATH&quot; introduced Ozzy Osbourne, Tony Iommi, Geezer Butler and Bill Ward to the  world and it has been a better place ever since!  The best tracks on this  album have got to be the first four which include &quot;Black  Sabbath&quot;, &quot;Behind The Wall Of Sleep&quot;, &quot;The Wizard&quot;  and one of my personal favorites of all time, &quot;N.I.B.&quot;  If you're  a fan of heavy metal or rock music in general and you don't have this album  in your collection, you are REALLY missing out!  My suggestion would be to  purchase the 1996 Castle Communications Remastered edition of this album as  it features both songs &quot;Evil Woman&quot; and &quot;Wicked World&quot;.   The U.S. Warner Brothers release is without &quot;Evil Woman&quot; and not  remastered, so go for the import damnit!  &quot;BLACK SABBATH&quot; may not  be the band's finest album, but it is certainly an amazing debut for one of  the greatest and most influential rock bands of all time and one of my  personal favorites, Black Sabbath.
0141301104|5.0|Do you know how to sopt a witch?  She always wears gloves(even during the summer) to hid her claws, she has large nostrils(to smell children), the pupils in her eyes change color, she is bald(and always scratching her head  because her wig is scratching her) and her teeth are blue in color(to match  her blue spittle).<br />One child spots a witch...actually he discovers that  the Royal Scoiety for Prevention of Cruelty to Children is a group of  witches planning on turning all children into mice...<br />What happens when  the witches smell him hiding behind the curtain?  Will they change him into  a mouse?  And who owns the local candy-store?<br />All these questions will be  answered as you laugh your way through this magical, supernatural, and  survival story.
0316777722|5.0|&quot;Laugh out loud funny&quot; seems to be a recurring description of this book, and for good reason.  I tried to stretch out the book by only reading a few chapters every night in bed, but the laughs I tried to stifle  turned into snorts and kept waking my partner.  I then tried reading parts  to him, but had trouble getting the words out without cracking up.  I  finished the book a few days ago and he is trying to read it now, but I  keep stealing it from him to re-read my favorite parts (which include most  of the book). I will never look at some of David Sedaris' topics (speech  therapy, learning French, American tourists) again without thinking about  his astute and/or warped comments. Buy it and enjoy.
0440219078|5.0|Welcome to the ideal world: a world without conflict, poverty, unemployment, injustice or inequality.<br />Welcome to the annual Ceremony of Twelves.  Each 12 year-old receives a life assignment by the elders.  Jonas  is selected to be the Receiver of Memory, this assignment was last given 10  years ago, and the youngster failed miserably.<br />Will Jonas fail asd this  awesome task?  He meets The Giver, an elderly man who gives Jonas his  memories of the past.  Jonas learns about snow and sunshine, he learns  about color and most importantly he learns about love.<br />Which way of life  is better?  The old life has pain, yet a life without pain holds no  joy.<br />I'm never shocked at the reviews of this book...it is easy to see  age of the reviewers, especially when they write...&quot; what a dumb book,  who could imagine a world without color.&quot;  I just hope at some point  these young folks will return to and read this book...it's magical and one  that will last forever.
B00003XACV|3.0|Does anyone know of the name of the song that is played on the trailer when the flowers are falling down on Lester?  I believe its an instrumental rock song.  It's not on either CD that has come out.  The movie was great  and I only wish they had included more of the songs that were in the movie.  Dead Already &amp; Because, are two great songs from the movie.
6305971099|4.0|This is the best halloween movie there is. But I am a little disappointed that you did not get to see Michael Myers face too clear. If you like scary movies this is for you.It is a great party or sleepover movie.Mikes breathing will really scare the heck out of you if you have not seen the  other halloween movies. Add this to your collection by buying this movie  off Amazon at an unbeleivable price [...] This is a good movie!
014028009X|2.0|I'm sorry, but I don't know what all the hype is about with this book!  A better title would have been 'Diary of an Alcoholic', because it's clear that Bridget seems to have some kind of a drinking problem.  I didn't find  this book that funny, just boring.  I couldn't relate to Bridget at  all--she doesn't remind me of myself or any of my friends, with her stupid  weight obsessions and other neurotic qualities.  I bought it expecting it  to be sort of a High Fidelity for women, but it just wasn't that funny!   I'm disappointed I wasted my money on this.  (And embarrassed to be a woman  if this is how we are.)
B00004THAY|5.0|This album really captures the fun these two (and their band) obviously had making it. Both men let their hair down and jam like crazy. Lots of gratuitous guitar riffs and the vocals are sweet! A great CD!
B00004TJTQ|5.0|I saw this movie onboard a plane on the way to New York.  It must have been rather amusing to the flight attendants, walking down the aisle, seeing people looking up at the monitors, blubbering with tears running  down their face.  And I can tell you, that's exactly the way it was.  A  woman on my row had not &quot;rented&quot; the headset, so she couldn't  listen in, and she kept asking me &quot;what's happening, what's  happening!&quot;.  Once I could compose myself, I'd look around and see  people just looking devastated.  At the end, everyone would agree  &quot;great movie!&quot;. I had no idea about this movie going in, other  than it might fill a few hours of the flight.  This is a VERY GOOD movie,  everyone.  It tells a nice story, it envokes the era, it mixes in some  complex themes (segregation, hometown hero goes to war and returns...?,  loss).  And, it does it all in a package that, Yes, the whole family can  watch.  As others have said, be prepared with your favorite box of tissue,  this one will wreck you, and you'll like it.
B00003Q43A|5.0|Studios are finally getting the whole DVD thing!  This is a truly worth-your-money deal with lots of extras including two versions of the film; the first version is the original theatrical release and the second  version is a directors cut featuring about 9 minutes of added footage not  released in theatres.  What's really great about this is they list what new  scenes have been included and some of them are really funny and some of  them make the story a lot more heartfelt.  Also included is a second disc  that includes a really cool mockumentary called &quot;The ID4  Invasion&quot; which is truly a priceless gem in this great collection.  Also, there is commentary, lots of interviews with cast and crew, a special  effects documentary on the making of the film and the original biplane  ending which unfortunately looks really hokey and what I felt after  watching it was-THANK GOD THEY DIDN'T GO WITH THAT ENDING-THAT ENDING  WOULD'VE MADE THIS MOVIE A &quot;REAL&quot; DISASTER!  For a product like  this under $30 it is totally worth your money.  For those who appreciated  this movie as a special effects funfest, this DVD is not one to be passed  up.  For those of you boring types who felt this movie needed a  &quot;serious acting edge&quot; buy Out of Africa and leave science fiction  alone!  Cheers!
B000001GPX|5.0|If I were to summarize everything in this rating, I would putit this way: CD Sound -9 points; Performance, 10 pts; Value: 10 pts.;Price: 10 pts.  (a Real Bargain! )...  And this rating applies to both: the Fifth and the Seventh!   From the very first notes in the Allegro con brio, the Fifth charges with an unmatched passion and its majesty will take you through to the last bar.  The beauty of the second movement, an Andante, is unmatched.  In the case of the Seventh, its second movement -an Allegretto plenty of pristine loveliness- the Conductor drives the Orchestra to make it Great and Lovely.  The Fifth distills power, tension and energy wrapped up with an intense, vibrant, dramatic performance by the Vienna Philharmonic. You will not find any other performance on this Masterpiece with such a bravura and intensity, without losing its beauty and the richness of its cadenza.
B000009ROK|5.0|My brother first found the Romance album in a used CD store, and we were hooked! We have since purchased almost all of Luis' CDs, but it all started with Todos Los Romances.  All three CDs are unbelievable.  Luis' voice is  so expressive that I don't need to understand the words to understand their  meaning.  I have started to learn Spanish because of his wonderful music.
0316777722|4.0|Delightfully twisted collection of Sedaris' off-beat tales and observations.  As most other reviewers have noted, you will laugh out loud again and again.  The stories are quite brief though.  I adored 'Barrel  Fever' and 'Naked.'  I was left somewhat disappointed only because I wanted  more!  (I highly recommend all three books, but BF is the best of the lot.)   David Sedaris has a way of presenting the absurd much like his sister Amy,  of 'Strangers with Candy' fame.  Sedaris is like early John Waters - either  you love it fanatically (as I do) or you don't get it at all.  <br />A word of  caution...if you are sensitive to political correctness, are easily  offended by left-leaning irreverence or scatological humor, or vote  Republican, then this book is definitely not for you!<br />FYI: You will NEVER  think of Jodie Foster quite the same way again.
6304196784|2.0|My girlfriend really wanted me to see this movie.  She kept telling me how  hilarious it was.  We finally rented it and, about a half hour into it, I  turned to her and asked, &quot;When does it get funny?&quot;  Seriously.  I  saw nothing funny about the whole beginning of the movie.  About an hour  into it, we finally get to a scene that made me laugh.  There were a few  others after that, but not many.<br />Not only wasn't the movie funny, it  wasn't very well done, either.  The movie starts with these people planning  a burglary.  Then the burglary occurs and the so-called hijinks begin.  Who  are these people?  Why are they robbing this bank?  We get no background on  these characters, how they met, or what their relationships are to each  other.  That might have helped.<br />Finally, what's up with the title?  What  does robbing a bank have to do with the fact that one of the guys has a  fish with the same name as Jamie Lee Curtis' character?  I don't get  it.<br />If you're looking for a good crook comedy, check out DIRTY ROTTEN  SCOUNDRELS instead.  This one was a big disappointment.
B00004SCX6|5.0|Britney has matured more since her last album.  &quot;Oops...&quot; has more of a dance flavor than the first album.  Most songs sound &quot;cookie cutterish&quot; though.  But for all you Britney Spears fans this album is  a MUST buy.
B000006YYW|4.0|Having been a fan of the brothers for 25 years, I felt it was time to offer my humble opinion on the music I have enjoyed so much.<br />Having listened to ALL of Robin's songs (&quot;Sing Slowly Sisters&quot;) and  listened to songs written by him on subsequent LP's after the happy  reunion, I have realized that like the BeeGees, Robin not only does not  waiver from the emotional context of the song (the way he writes a song)  but he maintains the emotional integrity of it as well.  This is also true  on &quot;Secret Agent&quot;, and &quot;Walls Have Eyes&quot;.  This LP  contains some of the best emotional strains I have ever listened to from  Robin...&quot;In and Out of Love&quot;...listen to the song as it trails  off...just before the next emotional tear jerk song &quot;Kathy's  Gone&quot;.  By the time you get to &quot;He Can't Love You&quot; you just  want to slap the woman who hurt him!  <br />If you aren't a huge fan of the  BeeGees,( and why not! ) this may not be the LP (CD) for you.  But  whenever I feel the need to let out some emotion, I find Robin and the  BeeGees.
B000002TPS|5.0|Youthanasia is what got me into metal to begin with. At the time, I had believed it was the best CD I had ever purchased, but after buying the legendary Rust in Peace it was placed to a mere second. Hah. I've been a  hardcore Megadeth fan ever since. I can't understand why any loyal  worshipping fan would even remotely dislike this CD. It is, after all, the  album that brought Megadeth so many fans in to begin with.<br />Anyway,  compared to their previous album, Countdown to Extinction, I think  Youthanasia beats the snot out of it. The lyrics are a LOT less crass and  meaningless, and Dave's voice often comes to a point where it sounds  good--sometimes even excellent. At certain points he almost sounds like Axl  Rose (no kidding!). And not to mention the incredible guitar playing and  countless solos woven throughout. Watch out for the killer tracks  &quot;Reckoning Day&quot; (the really cool riffs sound like approaching  thunder in the background), &quot;Addicted to Chaos&quot; (drummer Nick  Menza is still the man and its too bad he left), and especially the  almighty &quot;Train of Consequences&quot;, a song which till this very day  remains my personal favorite 'Deth song. &quot;Victory&quot; will also get  your blood boiling and features an incredible fast-paced solo towards the  end of the song. Overall, the songs are not &quot;heavy&quot; in particular  but rather &quot;loud&quot;. It seems like most of the riffs were purposely  amplified, but that is not necessarily a bad thing at all. In my  perspective, the CD is much more heavier than Countdown anyway.<br />I would  not recommend this CD to the hardcore metalhead thrash junkie fans of  Megadeth's much crasser (and more nasal) past. It seems this CD came as a  turning point in Megadeth's career. Here their lyrics and songwriting  became a little more focused, a little sharper, and yes, a tad bit lighter,  but a lot more refined.
B00000DATR|3.0|This one better be good. Of course anything that Mike does has got to be good. And it was. I like the techno trance thing in the beginning along with the unmistakable tubular bells theme throuought. When will Piltdown Man ever get his day in court? Hasn't  he suffered enough. I was disappointed that Mike didn't stick to the  introducing of each instrument as theme and variation as he had done in the  previous 2bular bells. Here he missed a golden, correction, platinum  opportunity to use the voices of kids announcing each instrument toward the  finale. Worth listening? Yes.
B000021XS0|5.0|Actual Rating: 32928504422142.6 million stars<br />Perhaps one of the most unrecognized styles of metal, and maybe even music itself, is progressive metal. For the few but strong fans of the genre, it can be often difficult  to see why. If only the average chain-walleted baggy-pants wearing  spiked-hair-gelled Kornfreak could only truly sit down and give this album  a good listen, they would easily agree that Dream Theater is a group whose  instrumental skills are impeccable and unmatched by any &quot;modern&quot;  rock group today (also noting the fact that this album was recorded without  using any demos at ALL! ) To describe the  sheer complexity and dizzying  beauty, amount of conjured surreal images and wide-spread range of musical  styles of this album would be something far beyond words could ever imagine  rephrasing. I will however, be conscious of miserable attempt at it I will  now undertake. To all those who have never heard of Dream Theater before,  much of their music can be described as gothic-style anime music meets  heavy, speed, and thrash metal all in one. There, I blew it. Laugh at me as  you like. Now, allow me to continue with my reviewing.<br />Apparently, there  lies trouble even in heaven's midst, for the album is not complete without  its faults. Although these are minor points, they nevertheless affect the  overall mood of the music and sometimes prevent many songs from reaching a  &quot;legendary&quot; status. On a few rare instances, the lyrics falter  and appear weak, not because the group as a whole lacks lyrical talent, but  simply because the choice of words is sometimes sacrificed in order to fit  the storyline (it is, after all, a concept album). Also, it is quite  noticable that the usually incredible high-pitched singer James Labrie  seems to have lost some of his long and wailing vibrato tones of the  group's yester years. The background singers who echo James may also may  get annoying at times (it is plan and simple that they should have used his  own voice for that). <br />Once again, however, these little quips could be  overlooked and completley forgotten when CD is changed to the second track,  the beautiful almost anime-like intrumental &quot;Overture 1928&quot;, or  the track following, &quot;Strange Deja Vu&quot;, the breathtaking tones of  James Labrie in &quot;Through her Eyes&quot; and &quot;Through her  Words&quot;, and especially the heart-stopping track at the end of the  album, &quot;Finally Free&quot;. <br />In closing, I cannot stress enough how  badly you need to buy this album. Buy this album if you like metal. Buy  this album if you like music. You don't have to be a metalhead to enjoy it.  You'll absolutely adore it. <br />Dream Theater just keeps getting more and  more talented and better sounding with every release they release.  Hopefully it won't be too long before their next.
B00003CWRX|5.0|To the people complaining that this film deviates from the factual record, I suggest spending a few minutes meditating on the difference between drama and real life. Real life is &quot;polluted&quot; with random distractions,  irrelevant interludes, and semi-coherent utterances. Drama must be shaped  to express and clarify issues that might otherwise be buried beneath the  noise.<br />Consider the decision to split the story between the whistleblower  and the 60 Minutes associate producer. While Wigand is frequently referred  to as the &quot;insider,&quot; the story really sets up a symmetry between  the two men. They are both insiders and whistleblowers. The story  skillfully contrasts how each individual tackles the fundamental question  of whether to adhere to idealistic principles or to protect their personal  circumstances, of whether to sacrifice for causes bigger than  themselves.<br />The meaning of the actual events is that tobacco companies  are exposed, litigation moves forward, personal fortunes are won and lost,  etc. But the filmmaker makes these issues coexist with universal questions  of personal responsibility, and that is the art of this very fine film.
0792833279|2.0|I don't think this movie is nearly as good as they say. I think you have  to be a Travolta fan to go all out on this one. The movie is ok but thats  about it. I can think of much better comedies that this one.
0671027344|5.0|This is probably the best story I have ever read. Chbosky tells the coming of age of a teenage boy with the wisdom of an old man mixed with the honesty of a child. I felt that I was the recipient of Charlie's letters. I  kept waiting to bump into him on the street. Incredible characterization.  Truly a classic in its own time.
B00000IQMT|5.0|This is a great CD.  I don't know about you, but I did NOT wait in line for 2 weeks to buy my tickets.  2 weeks later though, I did see the my personally most anticipated movie of all time.  Unlike every other human  being on the planet (those people waiting in line with Darth Maul face  paint don't count as human beings), I did like the movie.  I loved it.   Much more than I expected.  Ditto for the music.<br />For me this CD really  captures the magic and excitement of the movie.  Star Wars is an entity,  and the music is a very integral part of what Star Wars is.<br />Now, about  the music.  Tracks 1,2,5,9,14, and 17 are enthusiastic and exciting, the  rest are a bit boring, but still good for playing it on shuffle endlessly  and just sitting in the room.  Of course, these songs can in no way come  even close to the original trilogy soundtracks.<br />This soundtrack is more  pop than classical, more background music than the other soundtracks,  except maybe for &quot;Duel of the Fates&quot;.  I think that it's safe to  say that &quot;Duel of the Fates&quot; is the best Star Wars song ever,  except maybe the theme.<br />A must-buy for any Star Wars junkie (like me) or  a big fan of &quot;Duel of the Fates&quot;, otherwise get &quot;Empire  Strikes Back&quot;, you're not really missing that much.
B0000025JT|5.0|Certainly worth re-discovering if this one's been at the back of your CD rack.  Yes, it can be schmaltzy and Gibb-infused drivel, but who better to sing it?  'Make It Like A Memory' is still a phenomenal stand-out (just  listen), with obtuse orchestration and an oddly ethereal feel.  The test of  Barbra as an artist is her constant ability to push herself into musical  styles with which she is uncomfortable and make them her own. She certainly  does that here.<br />The commercial success of this album aside (I'm unclear  why that is a 'bad' thing in many reviews), this album is a knockout.
078322687X|5.0|Ah, the troubled times of teenage life. We all get our tastes of relationships, bullies, problems at school, and friendships. Many directors have tried their hand at teen movies and have failed, but John Hughes goes  above and beyond all others with this classic &quot;Brat Pack&quot; movie  about 5 totally different teens stuck in Sat. detention with a loser teach  and 8 hours to sit and do nothing. ALthough the prospects look grim, the  kids manage to bond with one another despite their backgrounds. <br />Each of  the 5 actors display a deeper side of their characters, especially  Estevez's wrestling-jock who struggles with his father's expectations.  Although the ending seemed to be anti-climactic, it doesn't take anything  away from the strong last-half of the movie when the 5 characters find  common ground with each other. This is definitely one of Hughes's best  movies, along with Ferris Bueller, but while Ferris provides non-stop  comedy, The Breakfast Club has a mixture of both unexpected comic moments  and seriousness. A definite view for any movie fan.
B00000J2PH|5.0|If you are reading this you probably already know what an awesome album this is.  I just wanted to say that whenever I listen to the mellow songs like &quot;So Far Away&quot;, &quot;Will You Still Love Me Tomorrow&quot;  or &quot;You've got A Friend&quot; when they are sung by Carole, it  immediately transports me back to a wonderful, carefree time in my life.  I  think about all my friends in highschool and the great times we had.  It's  like having my own personal time machine.  If we could make the song  &quot;Will You Still Love Me Tomorrow&quot; apply to the album, I would  respond with a resounding YES!  In the year 2000 it's tomorrow already, and  I still love the songs.
B00003CXDV|3.0|I admit I wasn't at all interested in this movie, but I ended up watching  it after reluctantly agreeing to sit through at least 30 minutes of it with  my husband.  After that half hour was up, I'd really begun to enjoy the  story and the characters.  Tim Allen is dead-on in his Shatner-ish captain  persona, and he works well as the spotlight-hogging has-been that his  fellow cast members of Galaxy Quest think him.  Sigourney Weaver is really  cute as the essentially useless female crew member, and her character owns  up to this in one scene by saying something to the effect of: &quot;I have  only one job on this ship, and it's a stupid one, but I'm going to do  it!&quot;  The aliens are wonderful in their naievete, and they flatly  cannot accept that the &quot;historical documents&quot; of Galaxy Quest are  in fact, a lie. Alan Rickman is hilarious as the second-fiddle, snobby,  highly advanced alien counterpart to the captain, and his smug responses to  fans delivering his most famous line will have you in stitches.  All in  all, it's a cute movie with a simple but entertaining story.  There's not a  lot of violence, so even the kids could watch (no younger than 7, I think).  Watch it when you need a giggle.
B0000029DD|5.0|Jeff Buckley is a unique performer. His intuitive musical gifts are unparalleled. I can't think of another artist (with the possible exception of Billi Holliday) who so truthfully expresses the passions of the human  soul. I get chills up and down my spine every time I listen to this album.
B000000W5B|5.0|Point is that this is the most evocative Stones' album. Why would a real fan care about matters of production?... when the flat sound coming out of the speakers equals the charming stripes that carries an old 8 mm. home  film?... The troubles of love can throw us into a two-way crossroad:  pretend that you don't care (and sing &quot;Rocks Off&quot;, for instance  --and drink, drink, drink, drink), or accept our destiny and have a true  acknowledgement about the troubles of love ( &quot;Angie&quot;), and sing  &quot;Silver Train&quot;... or the humorous &quot;Star Star&quot;... or the  childlike &quot;100 Years Ago&quot;. For anybody who is finding his/her way  to heaven (&quot;Before They Make Me Run&quot;), Goats Head Soup should  come, after repeated listenings, as a joyful rock'n'roll experience about  sentimental self recognition: Thou shall learn to love thyself, and then,  thou shall expect the next encounter. Compositions like &quot;Memory  Motel&quot; and &quot;Start Me Up&quot; work in a merry sort of way, but  nevertheless display a certain fatigue, as if professionalism had burnt out  the juvenile spirit of one great rock band. (Don't get me wrong; if Jagger  is rich and famous in his age, the sole feeling that could come across is  the sinful feeling of envy... which I think I have erradicated.) Therefore,  Goats Head Soup, panned because of its romantic ambiance, hasn't reached a  popular welcoming by stone-headed &quot;fans&quot;. What a pity. Goats Head  Soup is a masterpiece that gently doesn't insist upon being accepted as  one.
0312117337|5.0|If you're looking for a deck, this is IT.  If you don't know how to read tarot, don't worry, these cards really seem to read themselves.  Intuitive, accurate and relevant to current life, and absolutely beautiful to look at  to boot!   I wish all tarot cards were this nice looking and easy to use.
B0000399WI|5.0|I remember seeing this movie for the first time back in '95. The movie wasn't getting good reviews mostly because of its length, so I didn't want to see it in the theater. When it came out on video, I grudgingly borrowed  it when nothing else was available. 4 amazing hours later, I realized that  not only was it the best movie I had ever seen, but it was the kind of  movie that changes my whole outlook on the way movies should be. <br />The  Shawshank Redemption is not about prison life, or about unjust crime, but  it revolves around human emotion and the strength of one man, Andy Dufresne  (Tim Robbins), who must find the injustice around him and find his own  freedom. It is also about how such a man can change the people around him,  like Andy does to Red (Morgan Freeman), the (as he puts it) &quot;guy who  can get it for you&quot;. At first, Red doesn't believe that Andy can make  it through a terrible place like Shawshank, but Andy continues to prove his  friend wrong everyday, because of his will to be free and his undying hope.  <br />Hope is another central part to this movie. Although Red warns Andy of  hope's dangerous grasp, Andy knows that it is the only thing that keeps him  alive, the only thing that can help him go on in the corrupt and filthy  world of the prison. And after the remarkable and surprising ending (which  is still exciting after every viewing), Red realizes Andy's great internal  strength.<br />Frank Darabont does a terrific job with the directing and the  script; his adaptation of Steven King's novella is downright flawless. The  visuals and cinematography is also flawless. Flawless is really the only  word to describe this movie, and it is a shame that it did not receive the  kind of attention that it deserved. Thankfully, the movie has made a  pseudo-revival through video and DVD release. Robbins and Freeman (who  should've won the Oscar but lost to Tom Hanks (Forrest Gump)) are  sensational in their roles, considering the fact that they couldn't rely on  flashy sets of dramatic changes of scenery. Wearing the same clothes and  being in the same set scene after scene can truly demonstrate fine acting.  <br />I'm very glad that I picked up this movie on that one night; I learned  never to listen to critics drag on and on about film length, and to never  underestimate the power of one film. This movie truly shows the fine craft  that is a timeless movie, one that remains in your mind since the first  time you finished watching the ending credits. 147 minutes? Please, there  should've been more time for this movie.
B000028U0Y|5.0|There are three live concert recordings that should be in everyone's collection: Johnny Cash Live at Folsom Prison, Judy Garland at Carnegie Hall and Benny Goodman's 1939 Carnegie Hall concert.  In all of these  recordings the artist is at the peak of their powers. More than that,  though, the interaction between artist and fans is captured perfectly and  vastly enhances the listener's enjoyment.  You experience first hand why these artists mean so much to so many.
0875428940|5.0|I've used this deck for my professional readings and love it more than almost all other decks I've used. It talks. The art is very vivid and even amateur readers will adapt to it very easily.
6305161879|5.0|This is by far the funniest movie I've ever seen. If you don't find this  movie to be &quot;sinfully funny&quot; you don't have a sense of  humor!<br />Kevin Kline pulled off one of the greatest movie performances of  all-time. He definately deserved his Oscar award for his role as  &quot;Don't Call Me Stupid&quot; Otto.<br />John Cleese, Jamie Lee Curtis  &amp; Michael Palin were magnificent.<br />Even animal lovers will laugh  hysterically at Palin's attempts to &quot;rub out&quot; Cleese's  witness!<br />This movie had so many great zingers (i.e. &quot;I killed for  the C.I.A.!), you'll find yourself laughing 10 years from now just thinking  about &quot;Wanda&quot;.<br />If you haven't seen it yet....what are you  waiting for?
B000000W5N|5.0|If &quot;Paint It, Black&quot; captures the darkness of the Stones, Brown Sugar, on Sticky Fingers, captures the raunchiness of Stones.  It is such an amazing song. But wait, there's more!  Luckily, the Stones didn't just  write songs that all sounded the same (can you tell one Hootie song from  another?).  These songs each have their own strengths.  If you don't have  it -- get it.
B000000WF0|2.0|Thank God The Verve broke up, because we can now at least hope that free of the ego-adled Ashcroft Nick McCabe might get to exercise his talents again. This album is much less a Verve album than it is an Ashcroft vehicle  in which the musicians with whom he formerly collaborated have been reduced  to back-up musicians who have taken a back-seat to Ashcroft's overwrought,  self-important lyrics. Good bands are sometimes led by dominant creative  personalities, but Ashcroft is not such a personality. Rather, The Verve of  A Northern Soul or better yet the Verve of A Storm in Heaven was a good  band by virtue of chemistry: there everyone is on the same page and  collaborating to make music vastly superior to the drivel of Urban Hymns,  on which the rest of the band, and McCabe especially, have had to conform  to Ashcroft's clumsy, derivative, and impatient scramble for fame. People  have gushed about McCabe being the most talented guitar player of his  generation, but anyone who's only heard Urban Hymns would have to scratch  their heads at this. Listen to anything on A Storm in Heaven, but  especially Already There, among the most perfect pieces of music you'll  ever hear, or listen to songs like Drive You Home or On Your Own on A  Northern Soul: this is the Verve that justified the &quot;we're the  greatest rock band in the world&quot; attitude they strutted around with  before the pre-Urban Hymn break-up. But even on A Northern Soul you can  detect the start of Ashcroft's grand-standing and the musical leanings that  would drive McCabe from the band. History? Good God, that song practically  scuttles the whole album! No doubt McCabe was uncomfortable with Urban  Hymns, and his presence was really only token (two guitar players now  equals a thinner guitar sound? Hmmm). And now we can really hear what  Ashcroft is all about. Go out and waste your money on his solo stuff, I  dare you. You'll be crying, but with tears of laughter.
630575067X|5.0|I found Episode I to be true to the tradition established in the first  trilogy.  Most critics didn't understand when reviewing this that Star Wars  is space FANTASY, not true science fiction;  it is not supposed to be hip,  self-conscious, or noirish.  The story glides along at a fairly relaxing  pace--although there are still good action sequences, I was more entranced  by the stunning artistic visions of new planets, creatures, costumes, etc.   As eye candy with an undercurrent of political intrigue, the film is  near-perfect.  And of course John Williams' music is excellent.<br />Small  complaints:  Trade Federation creatures should have their own language, not  an East Asian accent, and the boy who plays Anakin was not the best choice.
B00001OH7V|5.0|Everyone is complaining about the fact that there were no bonus tracks included on the 1999 EMI re-issues of all of David's old cds. We would all love to have the rare bonus tracks that were included on the Rykodisc  re-issues in 1991, but that's not what I should be talking about.  &quot;Heroes&quot; (the album) is not as good as Low, but it's more  substantial than Lodger. Brian Eno's prescence is very noticeable. The  instrumentals are especially good (with the exception of &quot;Sense of  Doubt&quot;). This cd shows just how much potential two musical geniuses  working on one album really have.
6305280762|4.0|Where's the fire?<br />The Towering Inferno would've / should've / could've been a great film had it spent more time focusing on the fire department's battle against the conflagration.<br />More effort should have been put into  showing people the nightmare a large city fire department  faces in taking  on a fire in a skyscraper.<br />With more effort on the fire sequences, and  less time on trivial sub-plots &amp; rediculous action sequences by  non-fire fighters, TTI would've been a spectacular film.<br />Maybe someday,  somebody will want to take a shot at doing a remake that would do justice  to any fire department's worst nightmare!
B00000J7J4|5.0|¿No conoce mucho de Santana? Pues santanamente le va a fascinar este CD. Créame, una inigualable compilación del Santana de antes, de hoy y de siempre. ¿Sí o no que su guitarra es inconfundible? Hasta puede saber qué  guitarra es la de Santana en &quot;The Calling&quot; (con Eric Clapton) ¿O  no?<br />¿Sólo habla español? -bueno, es obvio si está leyendo estas líneas-  pues se va a asombrar de cuánto puede identificarse con las piezas incluso  en inglés y con ritmos afro u orientales. Si no, escuche Smooth, y dígame  si Santana no captó todo lo que se expresa cuando por estas y otras  latitudes latinas se dice &quot;Ssssuaaaave&quot;. Ninguna pieza puede  completamente etiquetarse regionalmente (mi familia y yo descubrimos cada  vez que lo escuchamos un nuevo país, aunque para USA y para la Migra todos  seamos una sola cosa &quot;foreign&quot;) y creo que eso es lo atractivo de  este CD.<br />¿Para usted la música sólo es para bailar? Si no bailó con  Smooth (que no me lo creo) apuesto que lo hará con el resto. Y no me  refiero a mover el pie, estoy hablando de una música que le pone a bailar a  uno el corazón, y más si es &quot;espinado&quot;<br />¿Prefiere la música que  lo hace pensar? Entonces, escuche El Farol, y coincida conmigo que es la  que más &quot;dice&quot; de todas. Sin darse cuenta usted le habrá puesto  la letra.<br />Bueeeeno, así yo podría seguir, pero le quitaría a usted el  &quot;gusto&quot; de seguir descubriendo por sí mism@ este CD. Además que  tengo un límite de no sé cuántas palabras :-)<br />Aaah... casi lo olvido.  Cómprelo, es un CD que nació como un &quot;clásico&quot;. Un clásico de  este nuevo milenio que se inicia, y que nos &quot;llama&quot; desde sus  acordes y nos recuerda lo que podemos hacer del milenio... tan mixto  racialmente, tan diverso y tan unificador a la vez, tan supernatural,  pues.<br />(Disculpas a los especialistas en música, para quienes no va  dirigido este comentario, puessoy una simple Equatorial Harlem Mona Lisa  :)
B0000060NF|5.0|The early 70's seemed to be the peak period for truly inventive soul music - Stevie Wonder's Innervisions, Curtis Mayfield's Superfly, and this album - probably the best of the three. This was a period when soul musicians  went away from the Motown formula, integrated jazz and more abstract  melodies into their music and writing lyrics about what was going on in  black America and even in most cases, America as a whole.  What's Going On  is a perfect album - beautifully constructed, and instrumentally  adventurous. It has a soulful, funky groove that runs through it, and the  lyrics, pertaining to war, the breakdown of spirituality and the  environment still sound pretty fresh today.  Marvin Gaye has woven a  musical tapestry here - integrating horns, flutes, strings, and layers of  percussion, and with his timeless words, it comes down to one thing -  perfection.
B00003CWRX|5.0|this movie was very good. the cinematography and direction and camera work  are excellent, first off. second, russell crowe is a joy to watch in a role  where he stands to lose everything based on his morals and ethics. al  pacino is a bit HOOWAA over the top with his character, but rightfully so,  because he plays a lifelong journalist now working in a media where big  business truly does run the show. michael mann is a very good director and  i expect nothing but the best from his future films. a very riveting,  shocking, and suspenseful movie that makes into a great film.
0792156684|5.0|Even I don't remember how many times i watched this stunning movie. And every time I feel the same like I felt in the first time I watched it (and cried) . Cameron managed to combine a love story with the legendary Titanic  which dragged thousands and thousands of people to the cinemas. Cameron  also managed to make a movie over Titanic, that no one else will ever  attempt to make again I think. What's Romeo&amp;Juliet compared to this  love story?  I don't in general watch TV or movies (prefer reading) but  this one was awsome! And I don't think I will ever love another movie the  way I love Titanic, and which I still watch every now and then. The romance  touched my heart, the scenes of the real ship (although few), the effects  so perfect. Spectacular! Bravo!
B00000J7J4|5.0|&iquest;No conoce mucho de Santana? Pues santanamente le va a fascinar este CD. Cr&eacute;ame, una inigualable compilaci&oacute;n del Santana de antes, de hoy y de siempre. &iquest;S&iacute; o no que su guitarra es inconfundible? Hasta puede saber qu&eacute;  guitarra es la de Santana en &quot;The Calling&quot; (con Eric Clapton) &iquest;O  no?<br />&iquest;S&oacute;lo habla espa&ntilde;ol? -bueno, es obvio si est&aacute; leyendo estas l&iacute;neas-  pues se va a asombrar de cu&aacute;nto puede identificarse con las piezas incluso  en ingl&eacute;s y con ritmos afro u orientales. Si no, escuche Smooth, y d&iacute;game  si Santana no capt&oacute; todo lo que se expresa cuando por estas y otras  latitudes latinas se dice &quot;Ssssuaaaave&quot;. Ninguna pieza puede  completamente etiquetarse regionalmente (mi familia y yo descubrimos cada  vez que lo escuchamos un nuevo pa&iacute;s, aunque para USA y para la Migra todos  seamos una sola cosa &quot;foreign&quot;) y creo que eso es lo atractivo de  este CD.<br />&iquest;Para usted la m&uacute;sica s&oacute;lo es para bailar? Si no bail&oacute; con  Smooth (que no me lo creo) apuesto que lo har&aacute; con el resto. Y no me  refiero a mover el pie, estoy hablando de una m&uacute;sica que le pone a bailar a  uno el coraz&oacute;n, y m&aacute;s si es &quot;espinado&quot;<br />&iquest;Prefiere la m&uacute;sica que  lo hace pensar? Entonces, escuche El Farol, y coincida conmigo que es la  que m&aacute;s &quot;dice&quot; de todas. Sin darse cuenta usted le habr&aacute; puesto  la letra.<br />Bueeeeno, as&iacute; yo podr&iacute;a seguir, pero le quitar&iacute;a a usted el  &quot;gusto&quot; de seguir descubriendo por s&iacute; mism@ este CD. Adem&aacute;s que  tengo un l&iacute;mite de no s&eacute; cu&aacute;ntas palabras :-)<br />Aaah... casi lo olvido.  C&oacute;mprelo, es un CD que naci&oacute; como un &quot;cl&aacute;sico&quot;. Un cl&aacute;sico de  este nuevo milenio que se inicia, y que nos &quot;llama&quot; desde sus  acordes y nos recuerda lo que podemos hacer del milenio... tan mixto  racialmente, tan diverso y tan unificador a la vez, tan supernatural,  pues.<br />(Disculpas a los especialistas en m&uacute;sica, para quienes no va  dirigido este comentario, pues soy una simple Equatorial Harlem Mona Lisa  :)soy una simple Equatorial Harlem Mona Lisa  :)
B00000IOSU|4.0|I'd like to set one thing straight before I continue this review - Sarah McLachlan is an absolute goddess!<br />When I heard she was releasing a live album I was disappointed and not expecting much from it. I felt it was an  unnecessary move in her career and it just didn't seem like a genuine thing  to do (Also, the cookbook thing... Sarah? Releasing a cookbook? ).<br />I  love Mirrorball, it's especially good from tracks 6 and up. While some  songs don't much differ from the original, the ones that do make it worth  buying the CD. Possession is just mind blowing, as well as the minor  changes in vocals on Sweet Surrender. Because the songs are live, they just  take on a different quality, they're not as neat and have a more  &quot;raw&quot; sound which I love.<br />I just wish she would have done more  songs pre-Surfacing, particularly from Fumbling Towards Ecstasy. I think  the CD would be perfect if she had done songs which spanned her whole  career, especially lesser known, different tracks like Black (Which she  probably didn't do in a concert, so that's a whole different story). I was  *definitely* disappointed that Witness wasn't on Mirrorball, but at least  it's on the DVD!
6302759110|2.0|Not as faithful to the novel as it claims to be, although it does depict Dracula as an old man in the early scenes, as per Stoker's description. Unfortunately, Gary Oldman's 'eccentric' accent during this section is  somewhat distracting. The main problem here is the characterisation. In the  novel, there was a clear distinction between good and evil, which this film  blurs. Dracula is shown as being not so bad, more a tragic/romantic figure.  The 'good' guys come across as being obsessed. Professor Van Helsing verges  on the edge of madness, and Dr. Seward (Richard E Grant) is addicted to the  drugs he gives his patients. As for the 'pure and innocent' Lucy (Sadie  Frost)... well, you could have fooled me.<br />The performances range from one  extreme to another. Anthony Hopkins (normally an excellent actor) is wildly  over the top as Van Helsing, whereas Gary Oldman lacks presence as Dracula  and fails to make much of an impression. Keanu Reeves is wooden as Jonathan  Harker, but then he is miscast. He's done better things since this. In the  midst of it all, Winona Ryder gives the most believable performance as  Mina. It makes a refreshing contrast to the differing acting styles going  on around her.<br />This is certainly a sumptuosly mounted version of the  story, and the makeup is good, but the flashy camera shots are overdone.  After a while they come across as rather obvious and contrived. To sum up,  this film is not so much a case of 'all style and no substance', more like  'all style and wrong substance'.
B000005S37|5.0|fans of merzbow,hijokaidan, massona,maldoror,and aube should really add this to their collection.this is where it all began
0767802470|1.0|I did not like this movie.  I tried and I tried, but it just never payed  off for me... You keep waiting for the real action to start, and it never  does.  Way too long, it could benefit from cutting an hour or two.  Then it  might be bearable.
B00004T37H|5.0|Unfortunately, animation films are never nominated for best picture -- let alone best foreign film.  In my opinion, this was the best film of 1999(American release).  It is a story of mythic proportions, that tells  the tale of a woman of nature pitted against a woman of industry.  It's  also the tale of a young prince outcasted by a bizzare disease who tries to  bring peace between the two factions.  And finally it's a tale of those who  hunt a god, and the ramifications this brings.  Miyazaki's artwork is  breath-taking, and you will never forget this film.  Puts Disney  productions to shame.<br />In Japan, this is the highest-grossing blockbuster  of all time.  I've seen this in Japanese without subtittles, and then I saw  the American dubbed version.  Though I prefer hearing it in the original  Japanese, the dubbed version is highly respectable.
B00000J7JO|4.0|This was a great cd and probably the chili peppers' best inn my opinion.  I'd highly recommend it.  It's somewhat soft, but isn't like elevator music.
006097625X|5.0|If you want to really understand comics, there are three books you simply must own.  'Understanding Comics' by Scott McCloud, 'Comics and Sequential Art' by Will Eisner, and 'How to Draw Comics the Marvel Way' by Stan Lee.   In that order.
B00004SCX6|4.0|Since when did pop deserve to be dissected and analyzed like aJS Bach 3-part invention? Come on, people -- lighten up! Britney's 2ndrelease is all about fun and light subjects, not sociopolitical soapboxes and adult themes. She serves this one up for the kids who will buy it, love it, and encourage her to do it one more time (and again, and again, ...). And this is solid pop material -- catchy, danceable, formulaic music. It's not supposed to change the world, just make it a little more enjoyable for 45 minutes or so.  I happen to think &quot;Stronger&quot; is a great tune, and I also like &quot;Dear Diary&quot; because it's sweetly sentimental.  &quot;Can't Make You Love Me&quot; is a strong, driving dance number. &quot;Lucky&quot; is fun. Of course the title track is great summer stuff, even with its striking similarity to &quot;...One More Time.&quot; So what?  If you want someone who likes to experiment with sound and style, pick up the Michael Hedges &quot;Best Of&quot; CD. Sheesh.  And because it's so controversial, I'll go on record as one of the rare people who enjoys her remake of &quot;Satisfaction&quot;. Of *course* I prefer the Stones' version. But that doesn't mean I can't enjoy this one, too. I've survived hearing a lot of remakes of great rock tunes; this one is so different, it's kinda cool. Just dig it, people, stop hearing so much into it.  Britney, thanks for giving the public a fun CD for the summer.
B00004THAY|4.0|This is a must have for fans of both BB King and Eric Clapton.  It starts off slow (the first track, Riding With the King, is the least compelling cut on the CD) but picks up pace and appeal immediately thereafter.  <br />By  track 5, Three O'Clock Blues, BB and Eric are obviously in synch and  playing some wonderful blues. They keep it up right through the rest of the  CD. This is what I hoped to get when I heard that these two blues guitar  masters were getting together.  Without the first track this would surely  rate 5 stars.<br />At any rate it is a great CD for anyone who likes their  blues guitarists pure and smooth.
0671578278|5.0|This is a great book.  The story of Miles' flows without difficulty into this work.  We see the definate end of one chapter of his life, and the beginning of another.  While I was greatly dissapointed that Elli Quinn  chose to remain with the Dendarii a few books back, Ekaterin is a suitable  replacement.  I look forward to getting to know more about her in future  books. (Assumptions made with that last sentence).  I was also thrilled to  the parents return to the plotline.  Having started with 'Barrayar,'  Cordelia's and Aral's characters are what drew me to read more of the  Vorkosigan saga.  If you liked any of the other Vorkosigan books, you will  love this one.
0425156842|5.0|This is the best Philosophical resource I have come by. It is understandable and has all the facts and ideas of all the great philosophers. The genre is of a kind I have never seen before, but it works  brilliantly. I would recommend it to anyone with a &quot;love for  wisdom&quot; [what &quot;philosophy&quot; means]
B000002HPV|5.0|I adore Bjork.  Homogenic is an extraordinary work of art.  Lush, bloomy, and transparent -- it is also the most analog-sounding CD I have ever heard, and I own an HDCD player and several 20-bit CDs.  This 16-bit  masterpiece beats them all in the sound department.  Whoever mastered it  must be very talented.  &quot;Unraveled&quot; is one of the most beautiful  love songs that has ever graced my ears.
6305750750|1.0|Ok.  Everyone reading this knows that a Star Wars flick has as much to do  with special effects as it does a good plot line.  But, with the kind of  financial and professional resources available to Lucas, there should be a  better result.  The movie was not only predictable and poorly scripted, but  nearly void of all entertainment value.  It utilzed the same basic formula  as its predecessors, but it lacked the heart and the ability to enrapture  the viewer.  Too much time was spent on sequences that are visually  appealing, but predictable and without substance(ie: pod racing scene and  underwater fish chase).  This feature needed a better plot, less fluff, and  more of Dearth Maul.
B000031WD9|4.0|&quot;American Pie&quot; is a funny film. It is a very funny film. Clever writing is not the reason for the hilarity of this film. It is the sex gags. It is the performance of Jason Biggs. There are alot of things that  make this a hilarious film. If you're looking for a good laugh then look no  further than &quot;American Pie&quot;. Now, don't get me wrong. It's not as  well written or acted or as funny as &quot;There's Something About  Mary&quot;, nor will it be considered a classic like that film, but it is  still something that will make you laugh. Enjoy it, don't analyze it.
B00000JG41|5.0|Mr.Bungle is definetly an acquired taste. They show no boundaries for the ear, but manage to keep it tight. This album lets the listener decide where they(the listener) are in the world that Mr. Bungle has created. The only  reason why one wouldn't like it is because they just don't get it, which  proves that the evolution of mankind is at its slowest rate yet.
0783242808|4.0|Being a big fan of Mena Suvari, I had to see this.  This movie is funny, and at times maybe a bit to gratuitous, but with the believable acting and the all too believable situations, this Pie definitely leaves a good taste  in your mouth.
B000007OY0|5.0|It's my understanding that I can only write 1000 words for this review.   It'll be a challange to curtain my thoughts about this movie to meet that  parameter.  To put it mildly, this is an excellent film that everyone will  enjoy and get something from.  It is acted excellently, the script and  story are wonderful, and the cinematics are outstanding.  I've seen this  motion picture several times, and the underlying meaning to this film still  effects me profoundly.  Its message is a simple one; hope exists in all  circumstances and the human spirit can overcome any adversity.  To  summarize, I thoroughly enjoyed this motion picture, I'd recommend it to  anyone, and it will remain one of my personal favorites for years to come.
B00004RFCM|2.0|Sex and the City is a great series and it is great to have the whole first season in one dvd collection.  So, on content, I give it 5 stars.  HOWEVER, the video quality is so poor (no stars) that I could not recommend this set  unless you are a hard-core fan.  The pictures are incredibly grainy and  unclear.  In fact, the video quality of this dvd series is so bad, it is  not only worse than any dvd I own, it is worse than any vhs tape I have  including some that I have recorded from TV shows.
B00000IKSC|5.0|If you're a diehard Backstreet fan like me, you should watch this video for sure! It became one of my favorites after watching it. Their dancing rocks the house and Nick looked so hot when he sang &quot;Heaven in your  Eyes&quot;!  SO GO GET THIS VIDEO, IT'S AWESOME!  Bye! :o)
B00003Q43A|5.0|fox did it right when they released this dvd..it's loaded with features(on  disc 2)and the film looks and sounds great! disc 2 makes it worth the price  and i'd personally like to see all dvd releases have as many features as  this one does.
6302206294|5.0|In my opinion this movie was absolutly captivating.  When I first saw this movie Kevin Costner became my hero.  Ok, so his accent was a little off but, to a seven year old that never mattered.  I don't think they could  have found anyone else to fit the part because Costner became the perfect  hero and put in an astounding performance.  Alan Rickman also put in a  great performance with his accent.  He looked very much the part of the  Sherriff of Nottingham.  There have been many versions of Robin Hood but  this one seems like it could be the only one with any real comparison to  the real Robin Hood.  I say you simply must see this movie.   OUTSTANDING!
B000002Q88|5.0|This album has everthing a classic album should have...a great concept, moving lyrics, mellow lows, and ecstatic highs.  In my opinion, their best project since Point of Know Return.  It is not as progressive as  &quot;Point&quot; was, but none the less, musically it is outstanding.  The  addition of Steve Morse on guitar puts the icing on the cake for this  venture.  5 Stars!
6300214559|5.0|I saw this movie for the first time as a teenager and I still love it.   This movie was one of the first stepping stones for me in becoming  fascinated by history, especially English history.  Films like these make  history interesting and real for so many people.  It is a beautiful story  about a queen so rarely spoken of!
B0000027EP|4.0|In my limited experience, I prefer Motörhead's 1996 &quot;Overnight Sensation&quot; to this earlier recording. Though there are fans around of the dual guitar work of Phil Campbell and Wurzel, I think having two  guitarists narrows the sound and squeezes Lemmy's bass out of the already  rather constrictive mix.<br />The songs are uniformly good, though: humorous,  scary, hard-edged, and always intelligent. And the closing song  (&quot;1916&quot;) is so good that it hurts. The melody is lovely and  direct, the lyrics as powerful as any Wilfred Owen poem, and Lemmy's vocal  is heartbreaking. Characteristic or not, this is one of the best songs I've  ever heard.
0790731452|3.0|This spoof of the alien invasion, sci-fi movies has a great cast and the right idea, but something is missing. I think it comes up a little short in the humor department with its rather predictable situations and jokes. It  could use a bit more imagination and artisticism, because it looks quite a  bit like the stuff it is trying to spoof.
B000007MVX|5.0|If you are in the mood for &quot;easy listening&quot; music, forget about &quot;Passion Play&quot;. But if you enjoy exercising your cranium once in a while, this album is for you. The music is complex, rich,with many twists  and turns and changes in tempo. It suits the subject matter perfectly. The  lyrics brilliantly convey Ian Anderson's personal interpretation of  medieval passion plays, which were essentially about the suffering, death,  and ultimate resurrection of Christ. Here Christ seems to be replaced with  a mere mortal whose journey into the afterlife is quite beautifully  chronicled by Mr. Anderson. Much has been made of the classical allusions  to Greek mythology, Dante and Milton. Too many unfortunate people find them  obtuse and overly intellectual. I think these poor souls are either trying  too hard to find hidden messages where there are none or are incredibly  dense and need to repeat high school. They are instead readily accessible  images that most people with a somewhat decent education will recognize.  The real beauty, however, lies not on those few pilfered images but in the  way Mr. Anderson weaves them into the the rest of the fabric that is  &quot;Passion Play&quot;. I have been listening to this remarkable album  for 27 years (!) and have yet to tire of it.
B00004T1NA|2.0|You can read all the hype above.  But it just doesn't cover the entire story.<br />Chances are, if you really like this band from their spacier explorations, that you've already gotten this disc.  However, if you loved  Porc Tree for the depth of sound and space--this release does NOT continue  that sound.  <br />This really disappointed me.  Yes, I know that last year's  release also was more song oriented, as is Lightbulb Sun.  But this one is  SO introspective, that it sounds like Steve Wilson's life has gone to hell.   Very limited instrumental space.  It seems that &quot;voyage&quot; of the  tree is over.<br />So if you're looking for more Floydian/Porc Tree  atmospheric music--it ain't here.  If you want a collection of really sad  songs, buy this.
0786707283|3.0|I had heard about this book and its great twists so I was eagerto read it at once.  As I had hoped, A KISS BEFORE DYING delivered twounbelievable surprises that shot me out of my seat.  And, as with Levin's superior novel ROSEMARY'S BABY, Levin uses a simple but firm prose.  It was a fairly satisfying read. On the other hand, I was disappointed.  The first part of the book is almost a blow by blow ripoff of Dreiser's AN AMERICAN TRAGEDY.  Between its clever surprises, I was left bored and counting pages.  And the ending is sadly contrived coming off of its earlier brilliance.  A KISS BEFORE DYING is worth a read for its several shocks, but the rest is dismissable, dated, and sadly predictable after fifty years of similar TV movies.
B000001G5A|5.0|Karl Bohm has always been praised for his sensitive interpretations of Mozart but I had always pledged my allegiance to the more flamboyant performances of Karajan. Until now. I have nothing but praise for this  recording. The pacing is perfect and the reading has the right combination  of gravitas and dignity without being stodgy and lumbering which I usually  associate with Bohm. The quartet of soloists is excellent and the Wiener  Statsoper choir is superior to the Vienna Singverein which sings for  Karajan. I was completely won over the moment the Kyrie came on; the attack  and polish of the basses was truly exciting. The sound quality is also  amazing for its age; there is hardly any hiss and easily rivals and  surpasses some of the digital recordings. If there is only one recording of  the requiem you can buy then this is it.
B000002UAO|5.0|This is a fabulous album, it's The Beatles, so what else would you expect. This CD contains the best written song that any of them wrote....&quot;In My Life&quot;.... It's John at his best. God, the man had a way with words.  Love for family, friends, and lovers. A perfect lyric, so rare these days.  This one song is worth the price of the CD.  Paul was pretty, but John was  profound.
B000002IZM|5.0|I too had waited and waited, looked and searched for the beloved Blade runner soundtrack in many a shop only to come out disappointed.  At last we have the prize.<br />This again is a non-soundtrack sounding album - it's much  deeper and compelling than such a thing. An absolutely wonderful mix of  haunting choirs, lush waves of Vangelis style synths and atmospheres that  all proceed to transport you to an introspective 2019.<br />Rachel's Song,  Blade Runner Blues and Tales of the Future are three of my favorites  providing amazing journeys and moods for one to enjoy. I love the use of  voice here, be it electronic or female.<br />No one else is even close to the  emotional quality Vangelis is creating here.
B00000J7RZ|5.0|OVER 450 REVIEWS WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR GET THIS CD SHE IS GREAT AND THIS IS JUST THE  BEGINING SHE IS ON HER WAY.
0679735909|2.0|I realize this book has garnered a great deal of praise, and was thus disappointed when I finally read it. The writing is turgid and repetitious and swamps the story to the point where the poor little plot struggles and  nearly suffocates.  The characters are two dimensional and stereotypical,  and indeed, save for the squire and his wife, who were delicately and  beautifully drawn (and to me a luminous contrast to the rest of the book),  seem like people the author thought might have existed, or perhaps had been  told about, rather than individuals with a living, breathing presence.  I  wouldn't have finished it had I not been trapped on an 8 hour flight with  nothing else but the flight magazine to read.  Byatt gets two stars for the  Squire and his wife.  I wish the rest of the book had been as well written.
B00000K2UX|3.0|The movie was great, but the soundtract wasn't as good.  I love Take My Breath Away and a couple of the up beat songs, but you can only listen to the cd every once and  a while.
0345404475|5.0|Wow, just wow. What can I say. I just finished reading DADoES and I'm baffled. I read this book in only 1 and a half days. Deckard is very humanized in this. I love the character of J. R. Isidore (a. k. a. J. F.  Sebastian) and his relationship with the androids. If you haven't read this  book, you must! This book should be hailed as one of the best books of all  time!
B00004TFK3|4.0|Levinson's movie takes a closer look at the lives of the mysterious black-dressed men. Men in Black, secret government officials who try to protect the ultimate secret: ETs exist and they visit us often. In occasion  MIB-byro also takes care of illegal aliens (heh) and exterminates a few  killer giant bugs.<br />Danny Elfman's score is moody and fits perfectly to  the world of MIB. The Casting is suberb. I can't think of anyone else than  Tommy Lee Jones who could have played his character. Will Smith offers the  action and one liners, while Jones amuses with his routine and dry humor.  <br />MIB offers big laughs often, but the story could have been better. Now  it seems that we are being shown the world of MIB, but don't do anything in  it. The movie sticks with jokes that one could expect, but it could have  been a very powerful satire.
B000002UJQ|5.0|What an album! Some may dismiss radiohead as just another loud alternative band, but this is truly a thoughtful, mature album. Every song is enjoyable and special in its own way. &quot;Lucky&quot; is my favorite song on this  album and is one of the best they've ever done. &quot;No Surprises,&quot;  &quot;Paranoid Android&quot; and &quot;Karma Police&quot; are other  standouts and like the Foo Fighters, radiohead also has several excellent  videos, including the ones for these four songs. One publication voted this  as the best album of all time, which the band, and myself included, thought  was stupid. I think it was just a popularity contest at the time. However,  this is ONE of the best of all time and I highly recommend it. It is the  band's masterpiece.
0380796090|5.0|This book is so good, that I left it in the park by mistake and I'm buying it again!  Although I haven't finished it, the characters (especially Claire's family) add a real-ness to it.  You feel like you don't only know  Claire, but her whole family, something which usually gets left out of this  type of genre in novels (single girl, newly single girl, etc.).  The humor  is great and I can totally relate to all the characters.  As I am beating  myself over the head for misplacing it, buy the book and don't make the  same mistake!
B000001EL3|5.0|I am a pretty big KISS fan. I went to the KISS concert last night in Virginia Beach and I had the fifth row. They are so awesome live, but I wish this wasn't there last performance as a band. They really rocked and  the music sounded great. Ace Freley played a six minute guitar solo that  rocked . There is nothing like 25,000 people singing all the KISS tunes  together with the band. Anyways, this album is great. My favorite tunes are  God of Thunder, Detriot Rock City, Beth, and Shout it out Loud. Go buy this  album today, and go see them in concert before its too late!
B00004TL21|5.0|Wow.  I am and have been a hardcore deftones fan and expected all 12 songs on this cd to be heavy guitar riffs.  BUT, I was not disappointed at all.  The Deftones have just release the single greatest hard rock album in the  last who knows how many years.  They are so intricate with everything they  do on this disc.  Im telling you right now, listen to these in this order:  &quot;Elite&quot;, &quot;Teenager&quot;, and &quot;Passenger&quot;.  You  will experience 3 totally different types of music.  &quot;Elite&quot; goes  back to the roots of their release Adrenaline.  Chino's melodic screaming  and pleas of personal lyricism.  Then &quot;Teenager&quot; is a very  different sound for the Deftones. but its still beautiful undeniably. then  &quot;Passenger&quot; is a Tool-esque sounding song with maynard james  keenans super unique voice. abe cunningham reached his full potential with  awesome drumming in this too. chi cheng and stephen carpenter are doing  awesome as well as chino in his newfound talent of guitar playing. and  frank delgado's here and there dj'ing is great as well. everything about  this is amazing. see the video for &quot;Change&quot; yet? its pretty cool!  anyways, make sure u get this, its worth it
B00000K19E|5.0|A movie like this deserves a DVD that it got! <br />The beginning will really make you shake, it's scary! I find the Sci-Fi premise very original, big kudos to the person who wrote it!<br />I never saw the film in theater, it  wasn't until I got the DVD as a present that I found out how much it blew  me away! It's so unlike anything I've seen before.<br />As for the DVD, first  off there are the basics like widescreen anamorphic and 5.1 Dolby Digital  to satisfy you, but there's more to it that can really blow you  away! <br />Movie: 5 stars<br />DVD  : 5 stars
B00000J7J4|5.0|I've been a fan of Santana's  since the mid seventies. This new Cd is fantastic it sounds just like the old Santana with a millenium touch. I especially love the track Maria Maria and Smooth. The vocals are the bomb..  I was thrilled when they picked up a few grammys to boot this year. If you  want to listen to a good crusin,sexy,latin,cool cd pick this one up.
1567407757|5.0|The book is a true inspiration on how short life is.  The book helps one understand the importance of moving forward, while appreciating the historical aspects, in one's life. I loved the book.
6302610702|2.0|Hollywood and the American movie-going public are inexplicably addicted to mafia-glorifying garbage.  The Godfather is the bombastic epitome of this twisted world view, wherein criminals are heroes.  I give it two stars in  homage to the standout acting, strong plot lines, and solid production  values; that said, ask yourself why one should support any film that  glamorizes organized crime. If you'd prefer to see a film that showcases  the human toll exacted by the Mafia,  go see &quot;Excellent Cadavers&quot;  instead.
B000002C1V|5.0|Some Pink Floyd albums grab you immediately, because the hooks are right and the melody catchy, but then get boring after too many listens.  A little too safe, simple.  The Final Cut is just the opposite.  You don't think you'll like it, because no \\"hit\\" stands out the first time around.  The closest you'll get, the punchy \\"Not Now John,\\" only appears when the album is almost over.  But the sounds on the slower pieces are just too interesting to ignore, especially the way Waters' vocals grate harmonically against the melodies.  Try a clip from \\"Possible Pasts,\\" for example: It starts with Waters singing over a sweet organ sound, then switches to a more muscular riff, but both times his voice strains against the music enough to make a complex tone that remains interesting after many listens.  \\"Hero's Return\\" and \\"Fletcher Memorial Home\\" are also great vehicles for Waters' bitterness.  The album gets under your skin.
B00000J6AG|3.0|I know the personality of the performer should be irrelevant when judging the quality of the music BUT 1] Moby allowing his music to be used for car ads strikes me as immensely hypocritical considering his so-called 'green'  credentials and 2] the sheer EGO of the man that came across during his  recent Glastonbury performance really stuck in the craw bigtime. A shame -  as I would have given the album an unconditional ***** only six months  ago...
076790382X|4.0|I myself was in a micronized version of Bill Bryson's world, living in England for one formative year (my 14th) before coming back to America and marvelling at all the things I had forgotten-the possibility of buying  something-ANYthing-on Sunday, the ice in the water...<br />The experiences  Bryson writes about are ones any former expatriate knows. Perhaps one of  the reasons his columns don't make as much sense to many Americans is that  many of us truly _don't_ see what's odd about suing McDonalds because of  scalding coffee or the fact that our murder rate is astronomical. Perhaps  it requires living in-and accepting-another culture before we can truly  understand our own.<br />For those who said that this is just a publisher's  rehash of &quot;Notes From A Big Country&quot;: Notes From A Big Country  was published in Britain. This book in America. It's not all that uncommon  to tailor a nonfiction book to the country it is being published in. If  you're going to order books through Amazon.co.uk if you're American or  Amazon.com if you're British, then please expect some confusion because  publishers are different on each side of the Atlantic.
B000001FKY|4.0|I totally love this album becaus it is an even line between rock and love songs!  A sure hit a at party! Enjoy Angie
076790382X|4.0|I myself was in a micronized version of Bill Bryson's world, living in England for one formative year (my 14th) before coming back to America and marvelling at all the things I had forgotten-the possibility of buying  something-ANYthing-on Sunday, the ice in the water...<br />The experiences  Bryson writes about are ones any former expatriate knows. Perhaps one of  the reasons his columns don't make as much sense to many Americans is that  many of us truly _don't_ see what's odd about suing McDonalds because of  scalding coffee or the fact that our murder rate is astronomical. Perhaps  it requires living in-and accepting-another culture before we can truly  understand our own.<br />For those who said that this is just a publisher's  rehash of &quot;Notes From A Big Country&quot;: Notes From A Big Country  was published in Britain. This book in America. It's not all that uncommon  to tailor a nonfiction book to the country it is. If you're going to order  books through Amazon.co.uk if you're American or Amazon.com if you're  British, then please expect some confusion because publishers are different  on each side of the Atlantic.
B00000JGHM|4.0|Only a writer/director would have got away with keeping the script as long, complicated and sub-plot heavy as Heat is. Not that it isn't a great movie, because it is, not that there aren't valid reasons for every second  of screen time, because there are. Still gripping and enthralling as it is,  as excellent as the directing and acting is, you can't help but feel a  shorter more focused 'Heat' might be on everyones top ten films of the  90's. Still it is an engrossing look at two very similar men, one a cop and  one a master criminal, and the two teams who work for them. The whole point  of the film is show that there is just a sliver of a difference between the  bad guy and the good guy. The Cops are just as willing to shoot to kill as  the Robbers, and seem to have a similar level of concern for the innocent  bystander. This is an interesting thread to work from, and work from it  Michael Mann does. If you have never seen this movie, or even have not seen  it for a while pick it up on DVD, it should be available at sub $15 prices,  and I am sure you will enjoy watching it enough times to warrant that  price.
B00000K0E5|3.0|First of all James Bond strength has always been his anti-estblihment attitude. His wisecracks, sexist attitude, devil may care ways endeared him to those sick of the confines of modern society. This first installment of  the Brosnan Bond starts us down the P.C. road. James Bond as a P.C. role  model who would of thought. Action scences are good, plot is good, Bond  women are so-so [no names to make you snicker ], Plot is good, but Brosnan  in the end is just a liitle wanting in the Bond swagger. Where are you when  we need you Sean.
B00004TL21|5.0|This CD is awsome.  It has alot of cool songs on it and it is worth the money.
0385484518|5.0|I read this book because it was on my summer reading list.  I am 13 and I loved this book.  It really got me thinking about what matters and what we take for granted.  This book is wonderful for anyone 12 or older.  I  thought it was wonderfully written, easily understood and one to read more  than once.  By the end of the story I felt like I knew Morrie personally  and it hit me right in the heart when he died.        This book is a great  size and good quality to withstand a lifetime.
0783211856|5.0|How can anyone decribe the feelings they felt when seeing this film for the first time!  The prospect is impossible! I saw the movie a couple of years after it's release and now watch it twice a year at the least. If you  have never seen it, I urge you to! Schindler's List is vital in our  education in order to prevent further holocausts.
B00000J7JO|5.0|When I first heard Scar Tissue, last year I didn't like it at first, but after about 15 weeks it became one of my favourite songs,  When Around the World went to Radio, I decided I had to get this CD.  I bought it and I was  not disappointed.  This CD is one of the best in my collection now.  I  bought BSSM and One Hot Minute after buying this CD and BSSM was close to  as as good as Californication but not quite.  This CD has so many amazing  songs, Parallel Universe, Otherside, Scar Tissue, Get on Top, Saviour, ...   This list goes on and on.  However my favourite song would have to be the  title cut which is just an amazing song, I like it even more than Under the  Bridge.  It is rare to find a CD that u can listen to straight through, but  this is definitely one of them, all 15 tracks are very listenable, even #8  Porcelain which is very mellow grows on you.  Well buy this CD if you don't  already own it, I guarantee you will now be disappointed!
B000000OSW|5.0|An exquisite musical menagerie with ideas drawn from the four corners of the world. Producer is Daniel Lanois and musicians of stature like Brian Eno, Manu Katche and the Babacar Faye drummers assist. Roots instruments  like the djembe, sabar drums, tama surdu and doukdouk spice up the sound  with delicious results. The opener Come Talk To Me starts with the mournful  drone of bagpipes and African drums, reaches a high point with a  magnificent vocals &amp; drum chorus and fades out on grieving sitar  infusions. The influence of Lanois is very much in evidence here and on  Blood Of Eden, with dense layers of dreamy sounds and yearning, spiritual  vocals. Love To Be Loved combines Brian Eno, the Valiha (a Malagasy  instrument) and the tabla, for a lovely exotic sound.  Kiss That Frog  sports some tight rock riffs. Digging In The Dirt and Steam are more  mainstream rock songs. Warm, powerful and multi-faceted.
B00004U30D|3.0|American Beauty wants to be subversive, so it throws in &quot;dark&quot; themes such as sexual obsession,  and closeted homosexuality. But the subject matter, middle-aged malaise in suburbia (specifically white/breeder   suburbia) is old hat , and was better explored in Ang Lee's exquisite  &quot;The Ice Storm.&quot; We  are in cliche land here, so enduring,  satisfying love between a married middle-aged man and career minded woman  is  unthinkable: needless to say, the only hope for the future lies in the  love between teenagers: the couple's daughter, and the drug dealing  neighbor boy (but with savings of 40 grand he IS a successful business  man!) played by  Wes Bentley, &amp; Thora Birch. Kevin Spacy is always  watchable, and does a nice, work-man like job here. Annette Benning plays   the uptight, career driven ball-busting wife on one note: shrill. Her's was  undoubtedly the most  overrated performance in '99. Chris Cooper does a  nice job as the proverbial villain: ex-military, homo  hating, wife-child  abusing, neo-nazi closet case (whew, Alan Ball managed to get in every last  cliche  with this cardboard character: Hey Alan, ever consider that  homophobes are simply hateful, and not  secretly gay?) I can see why this  movie seemed so great given the mindless drivel that Hollywood routinely  spews  forth, and yet, when realizes that the theme of this movie is  basically a long rant against heterosexual  suburban life, the content  becomes so predictable! Are surburban famlies dysfunctional? You betcha!  Have  we, as a society come up with a better system? Not yet.
0451191153|1.0|Rand takes nearly 700 pages to reach her climax. To avoid spoiling such an excruciating experience, I'll say only that it involves Howard Roark pontificating for a good ten pages in a courtroom showdown. What's even worse is that Rand, who toots the horn of individual genius louder than  anyone, can't write her way out of a paper bag. Her plot is a rickety  construction to prop up her cartoonish characters (the rugged individualist  hero, the women who love him, the men who envy him). Rand also shows a  fondness for borrowed expressions (the French &quot;par excellence&quot;  seems to be a particular favorite of hers; Roark is continually described  as the the this or that par excellence), a considerable irony given her  dogmatic attacks on the nebulous hordes of &quot;second-handers&quot; who  have plagued studly heros like Howard since the invention of the wheel.  Like any perversion, this book might be entertaining, but...[it]just isn't my idea of a good time.
6303269826|4.0|&quot;Silverado&quot; is one of the best westerns ever made, and &quot;Wyatt Earp&quot; is another worthy western by Lawrence Kasdan. The film is a big sprawling attempt to capture the whole of the iconic lawman's  life, from his boyhood just after the Civil war through the Tombstone  years, and onward toward the Alaska gold-fields. &quot;Wyatt Earp&quot; is  unusually ambitious in this regard for a Hollywood film, and attention to  historical detail was wonderful. I loved Costner as Wyatt Earp: as an actor  he is very much in the Gary Cooper mold; not overly expressive, and this is  just the right note for a legendary lawman, &amp; steely gunslinger. Dennis  Quaid is a phenomenon as Doc Holiday: skinny and haggard, he looks  tubercular (unlike the well fed Val Kilmer in the laughable  &quot;Tombstone.&quot;) The photography is sumptuous, &amp; the film score  dramatic and memorable. I can even laud the make-up artists who made the 40  something Costner look believably youthful for his  scenes as Wyatt Earp in  his 20's. Yes the movie is long, and a tighter hand could have prevailed  during editing, but compared to the typical Hollywood schlock one sees,  &quot;Wyatt Earp&quot; is well worth the hours you invest in viewing it.  One of my favorite films of the last ten years. A great film in the western  genre!
0783240503|5.0|Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat is excellent. My family rented it for a week and out of the five days we've had it, my sister and I have watched it at least once a day maybe even more. Donny Osmond gives a  spectacular performance as Joseph, he really brings the character alive.  The rest of the cast also is a lot of fun to watch, you can relly see truly  how much fun they are having. I have to be honest, I really didn't know  Donny Osmond could act or sing until now. Since renting it doesn't leave me  quite enough time to watch it, I plan on buying it as soon as possible. I  love this so much that I sometimes find myself humming, whistling, and  singing the songs through out the course of the day. I hope to someday see  this show on Broadway. If you haven't seen Joseph and the Amazing  Technicolor Dreamcoat yet you are really missing something. I strongly  reccomend watching this. After only seeing it once you will be hooked, at  least I know I was.
078324228X|5.0|Wow. Those were my words after I saw The Hurricane. The story of Rubin &quot;Hurricane&quot; Carter is one of the best my movies I have ever seen. Carter's life story is a very inspiring and moving story about what happens  when we hate others just because of different skin color.<br />Denzel  Washington is at his best as The Hurricane. I cannot believe he did not win  an Oscar, but if people like American Beauty (Sick and Perverted, do not  bother to watch this trash)that is their choice.<br />If you like trash, go  see American Beauty or South Park. But if you want to see one of the  greatest movies of the 21st century, go see The Hurricane. It has  everything you want. Outstanding Acting. Wonderful Script. Great Morals.  You will love this Movie.<br />A+++++++++
6300271439|3.0|My favorite line is...&quot;You're lying&quot;  &quot;How do you know?&quot;  &quot;You're lips are moving&quot;   I never watch movies that are Academy Award winners (unless Mel Gibson is involved).  Sometimes a  silly comedy is just the ticket to a silly weekend.
0920668372|3.0|My sister gave this book to my daughter, who's still too young to request it, so I haven't been forced to read it over and over yet; in fact, after reading it to her a couple of times, I decided it would be one of the few  books I let her chew on. Yes, it has a wonderful message about  unconditional love, but I do find the part about the mother crawling on the  floor to her son's bed to rock him very off-putting. Note I'm not claiming  it's &quot;sick,&quot; I just have a visceral reaction to it and think it's  a little too weird. So maybe after the book's slowly dissolved into small  pieces (my daughter's a good chewer) I'll sing her the song and forget  about the rest.
014028009X|5.0|This book had me laughing out loud each night as I read it in bed. Maybe it is because I am a young single woman who can relate to Bridget's overall daily behavior and thoughts. The way this book is written is very witty and  charming.
B000000OAN|4.0|I was in Junior High when this album came out and I remember perfectly the first time I heard &quot;Bohemian Rhapsody.&quot; It was never a big hit in L.A. (it only reached number nine on the singles chart in Southern  California) and most people I knew bagged on the song as prententious,  overly long and trite. Well, time has proven those Bozos wrong.<br />It's  hard to explain the musical impact Queen had, they sounded so different  from anyone else of that era. They weren't Elton, Kansas, Aerosmith or  Jethro Tull, their sound was utterly unique, innovative and many people  hated them back them. Thought they were a combination of Fred Astaire  schmalz and ELO.<br />Freddie shines on &quot;Lazing On A Sunday  Afternoon&quot; (listen to Brian's guitar work here), &quot;Love Of My  Life&quot; (a soppy ballad that somehow works), &quot;You're My Best  Friend&quot; and &quot;Seaside Rendezvous.&quot; All of those tracks are  songs you won't skip.<br />Brian has two marvelously under-rated songs in  &quot;'39&quot; and &quot;Good Company,&quot; highlighted by gorgeous  accoustic guitar work. Queen was much more than just Freddie prancing  around on stage in skimpy clothes, the backbone of the group was always  Brian May, an amazing musician.<br />If you buy just one Queen album, make it  this one.
B00001NFCY|1.0|Why is Creed is considerd a great band? They got there sound from great bands like Pearl Jam and Soundgarden. The only problem is Creed is not nearly as talented as Pearl Jam or Soundgarden. But yet they make comments  that there a better band then Pearl Jam and that Eddie Vedder could not  write lyrics as good as Scott Stapp. yea right. Lets see were Creed is 5  years from now.
B000002UD1|2.0|I love John, but this is one of his worst albums. If you're sampling his work for the first time, obviously &quot;Imagine&quot; or &quot;Plastic Ono Band&quot; are the two albums that are essential. This album is dominated  by sub-par music with the exception of the hit single, &quot;Mind  Games.&quot;<br />But there is one outstanding and almost unknown track on  this album and is one of John's better ballads, &quot;You Are Here.&quot;  In this love song to Yoko, John sings it in an understated and simple way,  right from the heart. The lyrics and melody are beautiful, reminiscent of  &quot;Jealous Guy&quot; and &quot;Love.&quot;<br />It's worth buying for this  track alone.
B00000J7J4|2.0|I can imagine some record producer telling Carlos Santana to use a variety of recording artists from several music disciplines to boost the audience appeal of this album. Santana took this advice and created an album that  appeals to no one in general. I liked 2-3 tunes very much but I find that I  must skip over the majority of the disc as it is not something I find a  delight to hear. Carlos Santana was not a rapper and I don't find the  fusion of his work with rap to be of value. I would have preferred that he  take one genre and built an entire CD around it rather than jam several  into one.
B0000025FG|4.0|The other reviews of this album claim this is ELO dabbling in disco. I must be missing something and I've listened to this album hundreds of times since 1979. Disco is Donna Summer and K.C. and the Sunshine Band. The  stellar Jeff Lynne should never be mentioned in the same breath as those  lightweights.<br />&quot;Shine A Little Love&quot; and &quot;Last Train to  London&quot; are not disco tunes, but great, upbeat songs. The intricate  violin arrangements that are a hallmark of ELO precludes these tracks from  putting them into the dreaded &quot;disco&quot; category. This record also  contains two excellent ballads, &quot;Need Her Love and &quot;Midnight  Blue.&quot;<br />Is this ELO's best? Far from it, but it was their last good  album and last hurrah. For that reason alone, it's worth buying.
0451450523|5.0|It made me laugh and it made me cry, this story is one I will remember for a lifetime.
B000002579|5.0|This is without a doubt one of the top ten albums ever made. The first time I heard &quot;Carry on Wayward Son&quot; I was a kansas junkie for life. I bought the band's 3 previous albums released before Leftoverture,  and the rest ever since. Aside from Leftoverture, I purchased every other  Kansas album without even hearing a track. How ironic to have a track  entitled &quot;magnum opus&quot; on an album that is truly a masterpiece.  This album just does not quit!  The Wall, What's on My Mind, Miracles out  of Nowhere, Cheyenne Anthem, Magnum Opus; this album is amazing. The only  complete breakthrough rock album in the same class is Boston's debut  album.<br />Although Kansas enjoyed great success in the 70's and 80's, I  can't understand why this band does not get the respect they deserve.  Although Kansas was prided on being unique, Critics and fellow artists do  not seem to consider them to be one of the elite bands of Rock n Roll, I  know they lost a lot of productive years with the Walsh-Livgren problems,  but I know they will be flying high with their newly released Somewhere to  Elsewhere. <br />This cd is must in any music collection. Rock, Classical,  Jazz, New Age. You Name it. Thankyou Kansas for hours and hours of  pleasurable listening.
0451450523|5.0|It made me laugh and it made me cry, this story is one I will remember for a lifetime.
B000001EL7|4.0|THE BAND: Gene Simmons (Gene Klein), Paul Stanley (Stanley Eisen), Ace Frehley (Paul Frehley), Peter Criss (Peter Crisscoula).<br /><br />THE DISC: Released 6/30/77. Recorded at the Record Plant, NYC. 10 songs clocking in at approximately 33 minutes. Originally released on Casablanca Records; this remastered edition was released in 1997 on Mercury's label. Much improved sound in my book (deeper bass guitars and crisper highs). Liner notes are slim - a 3 page fold out with song titles, writing credits and times. Underneath the disc on the inside cover, there's an informative 5 paragraph history of what the band was going through at the time.<br /><br />COMMENTS: The band called KISS was now a global force. Selling our arenas everywhere. Successful on every continent... breaking attendence records in Japan once held by the Beatles. \\"Love Gun\\" marked a new milestone for then band. With Ace's \\"Shock Me\\" and Peter's \\"Hooligan\\", this was the first KISS album to feature all 4 band members singing at least one song on lead vocals. \\"Love Gun\\" featured some classic tunes. \\"I Stole Your Love\\", \\"Got Love For Sale\\", \\"Shock Me\\" and the title track are all great rocking tracks. The title track is one of my all-time favorite Paul Stanley tunes. Gene had a decent hit with \\"Christine Sixteen\\". Ace's first attempt at singing lead on \\"Shock Me\\" (the longest song on the album at 3:48 minutes) was a pleasant surprise. Peter's \\"Hooligan\\" is perhaps his 3rd best effort since \\"Beth\\" (Destroyer) and \\"Baby Driver\\" (Rock And Roll Over). As much as \\"Love Gun\\" is a classic album, there are a few questionable tracks. In my opinion, \\"Tomorrow And Tonight\\" was a weak attempt at another \\"Rock And Roll All Nite\\" rock anthem. \\"Almost Human\\" turned out to be Gene's blood spitting song in concert - and it's still better live (simply because of the theatrics that go with it). And lastly, \\"Then She Kissed Me\\" is an old Phil Spectar remake that just doesn't fit on the album. KISS should stay away from doing \\"oldies\\". This is argueably the last great album featuring the original 4 members. Still a classic (4.5 stars).is is argueably the last great album featuring the original 4 members. Still a classic (4.5 stars).
0783114222|5.0|I really have to say that the money spent on this item are probably the  best investment I have ever made. This series achieves the goal of blendig  tecnical accuracy with historic perspective and with human's emotions. What  is really interesting about this series is that, using entirely new and  very realistic visual effects, it succeds in explaining the whole  experience of the Moon Race. In this area it is way superior to any of the  &quot;original footage&quot; documentaries on the subject, since those were  limited to the video footage actually brought back from the moon. (i.e.:  How do you explain how the astronauts piloted the lunar module to the  surface of the moon using original footage, when the only thing avaiable is  footage from a camera with a narrow angle mouted on top of the LEM!?). And  I am not talking about the tecnical details! I am talking about the fliying  experience!! How do you land 240.000 miles from home, with no runway  lights, with a vehicle that looks like a spider and on a surface that you  don't know wether it will hold once you tuched down!?<br />The series is  structured in several episodes, each one about a particular milestone in  reaching the Moon or a particular Moon mission. Once an aspect of the  flight is shown, the attention in the following episodes shifts to other  aspects, so that it is never repetitive.     <br />On the TECNICAL SIDE it  does a nearly perfect job of describing the challenges of going to the moon  and the hardware used to do it. The nice thing is that it achieves this  goal with stunning visual effects and brief explanations in the form of  dialog between the characters, leaving deeper details to further reading by  the viewer. I personally got immediately interested in the subject and  ended up reading a couple of books on the moon program. (the cool thing is  that going back to the TV series once I read some literature, I realized  how realistic and historically accurate it was!!).<br />On the HISTORICAL SIDE  it does a great job in putting the Apollo program in perspective. I believe  that this is very important since the choices that were made at the time  cannot be fully understood if the competitive, tecnological and political  enviroment are not taken into consideration. This is done by including  original media coverage of the event and by including a sense of urgency in  the decisions made by the caracters. We all of course know how the story  ended, but at the time of the first lunar landing the russians were still  very much part of the game! <br />And on the EMOTIONAL SIDE the series does a  nearly perfect job in describing what it must have been to go to the moon  as an astronaut. Being a pilot myself I was so much fascinated by the  feelings that were transmitted thru the visual effects, the soundtrack and  the dialogues. I really felt as if I was behind Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin  in the LEM during the first lunar landing.  <br />My suggestion is very  simple:  1- If you are interested in the Moon program buy it now! What r u  waiting for!? 2- If you are even remotely interested in the Moon race buy  it even so!! You will be more interested afterwards, I guarantee! 3- If you  are not interested in the Moon program and you believe that the money spent  on Apollo were a complete waste...well...buy this miniseries and you will  soon be advocating for a return to the Moon and the exploration of Mars!!
B000003TA4|5.0|Years  later, when future generations want to know what soundtrack we Gen  Xers marched to, they will look to this masterpiece.<br />Although it ia  heavily edited compared to the band's other works, it was the record that  moved a whole generation away from the pseudo rock of New Kids on The Block  and heavy metal posturing of Guns N Roses into something unabashedly free  and authentic. Cobain's memorable vocals outline the pain, alientation and  anger that is (for better or worse) part of this generation.<br /> We may have  not had THE war or Vietnam, but we have our own concerns to deal with.  As  a regular supporter of leftwing causes, there are times when I think this  band's convergence onto the music scene had a big influence in the 1992  elections, and political conciousness of gen-x.<br />Unlike so many rock  acts, these guys were not afraid of taking unpopular and unmanly positions  on social issues.  The passion found in this album (and the band) is the  missing ingredient from so many acts. It's gotten to the point, where  people have lost sight of the orginal goal of alternative music.  To  subvert  mainstream values and thought patterns in hope of a better more  diverse world.<br />It's a shame Kurt Cobain died, because he would have no  doubt continued to churn out superb recordings. Perhaps Nirvana's continued  dominance of the record market would have forestalled Britney Spears,  Jessica Lopez and all of the other bubble gum acts that seem to be creeping  up like vermin.
0671042858|3.0|I found this book a letdown, probably because I read The Green Mile right before this. I was expecting more. King describes the forest in a way that you can envision yourself out there with Trisha. The parts of her listening  to her walkman to hear Tom Gordon were interesting. Mr. King does his job  though, as I found myself feeling worried and sorry for her all along. I  did like the ending.
B000003TA4|5.0|Yeass later, when future generations want to know what soundtrack we Gen Xers marched to, they will look to this masterpiece. <br />Although it ia heavily edited compared to the band's other works, it was the record that  moved a whole generation away from the pseudo rock of New Kids on The Block  and heavy metal posturing of Guns N Roses into something unabashedly free  and authentic. Cobain's memorable vocals outline the pain, alientation and  anger that is (for better or worse) part of this generation.<br /> We may have  not had THE war or Vietnam, but we have our own concerns to deal with.  As  a regular supporter of leftwing causes, there are times when I think this  band's convergence onto the music scene had a big influence in the 1992  elections, and political conciousness of gen-x. <br />Unlike so many rock  acts, these guys were not afraid of taking unpopular and unmanly positions  on social issues.  The passion found in this album (and the band) is the  missing ingredient from so many acts. It's gotten to the point, where  people have lost sight of the orginal goal of alternative music.  To  subvert  mainstream values and thought patterns in hope of a better more   diverse world.  <br />It's a shame Kurt Cobain died, because he would have no  doubt continued to churn out superb recordings. Perhaps Nirvana's continued  dominance of the record market would have forestalled Britney Spears,  Jessica Lopez and all of the other bubble gum acts that seem to be creeping  up like vermin.
0380973634|5.0|This book is truly an amazing and wonderful thing - and idea - a dream masterfully put into words so captivating that one can't but help looking at reality differently after reading it. Gaiman has acomplished what is  almost impossible to do with the english language's almost meaningless  words: he has taken a dream and written it so that others may live it too.  Definetly not a book to pass up.
6305657947|5.0|The plot is weak, but it's Pierce Brosnan and that should be reason enough for any self respecting woman to rent and or buy this movie. I like the original version for acting, but this reccent version for looks. Thou must  see the movie
B00003Q43A|4.0|Here's another spectacular DVD set from FOX.  You get cool 3D menus; documentaries; and a plethora of conceptual drawings, storyboard sketches and production photos.  Plus, you get one of the best looking and sounding  DVDs ever produced, and the perfect opportunity to test the limits of your  new DVD player!  Who cares if the movie is stupid?  It's a big-budget  special effects extravaganza, chock full of breathtaking pyrotechnics,  thrilling dogfights, and hideous alien beings.  Have fun with it!  Get a  pencil and paper (a lot of paper) and write down every dumb thing you see.  For example: Why do the aliens kill only the most annoying characters?  Why  do the explosions always move in slow motion?  Steve (Will Smith) knows  that Jasmine's hometown has been destroyed; so why is he not surprised to  find Jasmine alive and waiting for him at the army base?  Steve has seen  the alien spaceships in flight; why does that mean he instinctively knows  how to pilot one?  Why are the seats in the alien spacecraft built to human  specifications?  If alien technology is so much more advanced than ours,  why are their computers compatible with a Macintosh laptop?  And, if David  (Jeff Goldblum) is already suffering from airsickness, is it really a good  time to take up cigar smoking?  Etc., etc., etc.  Oh, and don't forget to  watch the alternate ending...they didn't use it because they were afraid of  \\"losing credibility.\\"  Good thinking!
6304539258|4.0|I would like to start by saying that &quot;Star Wars: A New Hope&quot;(I  hate calling it that) is definitely a fantastic movie in its original  format(the original theatrical release). It is still a great movie with the  &quot;Special Edition&quot; revisions added to it but both versions have  flaws that cannot be overlooked(regardless of age etc. and the amount of  years that passed since its original release. With absence the heart grows  fonder) &quot;Episode IV: A New Hope&quot; starts off with an interesting,  exciting scene involving the capture of Princess Leia but then it slows to  a crawl for a good spell while it introduces us to Luke Skywalker and  Obi-Wan Kenobi.(Attention span has its limits folks) The movie then gets up  to speed when finally we meet Han Solo and Chewy. Then the suspense and  drama kicks in and the rest is a fabulous ride that is action packed(not a  total frenzy of special effects) complete with a certainly priceless amount  of bickering between Han Solo and Princess Leia. The interactions between  the characters are what made this movie what it is.(Though some of the  acting was awful. &quot;That's no moon. It's a space station.&quot; I  cringe every time I hear Alec Guiness say that) The climactic ending is  everything that fantasy is about. The farm boy got his chance to make a  difference and did. By believing he could do it he took on the empire and  took out the &quot;Death Star&quot;, thus saving the rebellion. The  &quot;Definitive Vision&quot;(Special Edition) was hit and miss for me.  Some of the enhancements were very well placed while some seemed out of  place. The extra footage that was originally edited out(The conversation  with Biggs before takeoff near the end) should have stayed where it  belonged.(Not in the movie) It added nothing except time to the movie. In  short, &quot;Star Wars: A New Hope&quot; is simple enough for kids yet  complicated enough for adults if you are into fantasy and science fiction  movies.You know, something scares me about hearing &quot;George Lucas's  Definitive Vision of .....&quot; before the movie starts. It seems to be a  lot like you might start a session of hypnotic treatments. It's creepy.
B000002UAR|5.0|Popular music has never seen better than the Beatles, and the Beatles were never any better than they were on this record.  One has to love this album on so many different levels.  There are no weak moments, no bum notes, just  fourteen amazing tracks.  The ambition behind it is staggering - to boldly  push music forward in weird yet wonderful ways took a lot of guts on the  part of Messrs. Lennon and McCartney (and Harrison, lest we forget - for  his introduction of the sitar to popular music).  Much to their credit, it  still sounds like it was recorded a few months ago, rather than a few  decades ago.<br />It may be a more &quot;difficult&quot; album in some  respects than the others often cited as the best of the Beatles canon (cf.  Sgt. Pepper, Abbey Road), but the music never sounded better and the  songwriting was never better...and while not as exuberant as the wonderful  Hard Day's Night soundtrack, definitely the definitive Beatles album.  This  is an album every music fan must own.
B000007SPU|4.0|A fabulous cd either as background, mood or driving music! The songs, lyrics and melodies are sometimes haunting, and always moving. &quot;My Father&quot; is definately the best track. I couldn't help but be  mesmerized by the emotion in that song. The more I listen to the rest of  the CD, the more it is fast becoming one of my alltime faves....
B000002GYW|5.0|The absolute milestone of country music that stands still like the Grand Canyon, out of time and space. Eagles at their best, with the bless of John Ford, play the purest country western before turning to a more raffinated  country rock that touches new highs with Hotel California under Joe Walsh  influences. Tracks like 'Doolin Dalton', 'Tequila sunrise', 'Desperado' and  'Saturday night' are surely hits of any Eagles compilation. Frey and  Henley, backed by the poetry and influence of Jackson Browne, are  incredibly good in mixing all the atmospheres. If you still want to feel  the taste of a gunfight at the OK Corrall. Stars in the sky are not enough  to rate such a masterpiece. Happy 27, Desperado
1572522232|5.0|Dario Argento by now is well known for his work in italian horror.A  director with an eye for horror sure knows how to make a viewer cringe or  feel vulnerable.The Bird with the Crystal Plummage,Tenebra,and others are  probably some of these films best remembered for.In Suspiria, Dario Argento  really lets us have it.The film doesn't waste anytime when it comes down to  all the scares.A truly remarkable horror movie with a score so creepy,the  film would probably be just as scary when your eyes are closed.Suspiria  is  the kind of film that will not let the viewer feel at ease.Every passing  minute we are subjected to such shock value that we can never forget the  kind of master Dario Argento is.Suspiria really frightened me as a viewer.I  liked it very much and thought it was probably an experience in the art of  horror I will never ever forget.Suspiria.A Dario Argento classic.
0780625129|4.0|the controversial tale of misled youth and the downfall that terrors like racism and ignorance can easily be the cause of.  derek (wonderfully captured by edward norton in one of his many great performances) is a  highly intelligent high-schooler destined for great things, but the seeds  of racism were planted deep within and soon the innocent derek is drawn  into the shadows. he begins feeding his illusions of freedom and justice to  other young minds that are in search of false security. but this is not  derek's final destination. he falls, and is reborn upon realizing: in order  to survive, he must abandon his old life and recreate himself, but not  without facing old 'friends'<br />do not be discouraged by the subject matter  that the film deals with. it is an important film and a powerful display  onscreen. the black and white flashbacks are an interesting touch by kaye,  and norton gives an unforgettable performance.
B00001NFCY|5.0|This cd is the greatest cd i have ever heard. Everthing is great about it, you should listen to the samples and if  you like them buy the cd you might like it as much as i do.
0393312836|5.0|jump into the mind of little alex and prepare to be caught by the whirlwind. you'll follow this 'humble narrator' as he tramples and stomps his way through a world he thinks he can control... you'll get inside his  head and travel the ups and downs in the peak of nadsat fashion... burgess  thrusts readers into a unique, futuristic world where young evildoers rule  the streets (at first you may feel a bit lost in the language but by the  second chapter you'll find your footing and by the end you'll read the talk  as if youve known it all along). this book will stir up your mind,  questioning ideas like human tendencies towards good/evil and the gov'ts  constant manipulation and yearning for ultimate control --definitely a  stimulating and satisfying read (quick one too-it took me all of 3 days) go  for it!
0312853238|5.0|Ender's Game is not &quot;Just another science fiction book&quot;. It is a compelling military saga that demonstrates why during time of war we must be willing to sacrifice the few to save the many. They are the children.  Ender and his friends (enemies) are spending their childhoods preparing for  the final showdown between humanity and an apocolyptic force of  insect/aliens. <br />But the book is not about the war, it is about preparing.  Ender must constantly train playing video games and &quot;laser tag&quot;  type games. I know it doesn't seem to exciting to read about 8 year olds  playing laser tag, but the purpose of the games is to develop strategy. The  reader will sit through a dozen games in a row, but you are always wanting  more because of the strategy. What will Ender think of next. How will he  turn the opponent's strengths into weakness, and his own weakness into  strength? <br />Aside from the excitement of the Game, the story also provides  a great deal of perspective on military protocol: Why it is necessary to  follow rules at all times, and why it is necessary to break those rules.  Ender is a tool of the military, he has no identity of his own, he exists  only to serve the cause of humanity. <br />There is also a pretty neat subplot  with Ender's brother and sister who are still on Earth. It deals primarily  with using media to produce a void in the collective conscience of our  civilization. If you cultivate the void and wait for the correct moment,  you can fill it with whatever you think it should be filled with, people  become sheep to your shepard.<br />To counterbalance the scourge of war,  characters also explore ethical and philosophical questions the actions  they will be forced to take in battle: we have to kill these innocents in  order to save those innocents. <br />And after the Sci-Fi technology, the  military, and the ethics, the author wallops the reader over the head with  a shock that will leave you spinning for days. Rememberhow you felt the  first time you heard who Luke's father was, or in the &quot;Ususal  Suspects&quot; when you realized who Kaiser Sose' was? This is that same  kind of feeling.
0787124494|1.0|I heard the audio book version.  It was a poor job of condensation.  I cannot tell whether I'd like the underlying book, but the audio version fails to link the events, skips through things that are apparently  important to the story line, and glosses over much of the character  definition. The features of the book that are lauded in the reviews are not  present in the audio version.
B00000IQBL|4.0|A good story about a group of men slowly being torn apart by the horrors  of war.  Opening with a mezmorizing scene at the Marine Corps training  camp, and the gut-wrenching Drill Instructor which constantly beats the  platoon into a pulp, is the most realistic training scence that I have ever  viewed.  This film should be viwed by anyone with a serious passion for war  films and Nam history, NOT a family film.
630587493X|5.0|The first thing that struck me about this film was the fact that it wasn't funny. Sure it had its moments like other dramas, but being billed as a comedy, this was surprising. The second is that most children watching this  film will be bored and confused with the subject matter. Although it is a  clean family movie, the topics covered (i.e. euthanasia, discrimination,  immortality, etc.) are most definitely adult.<br />I am glad it wasn't a  simple comedy, as within I found a touching, human story about a robot's  search for meaning and humanity. It is a remarkable film, with great acting  by both Robin Williams and Sam Neil. This was combined with a great score  and wonderful visuals. It truly is a great film.<br />In conclusion, if you're  looking for the comedy from the trailer look elsewhere. If you're looking  for a family movie which your younger kids can get into, look elsewhere.  This is a thought provoking and touching drama which contemplates very  complex issues in a highly entertaining manner. I loved this film and  highly recommend it.
6303942830|5.0|An excellent portrayel of the French and Indian War and the native troops  that fought in it.  Even though the DVD and directors cut seemed to be a  big let down, the original stands firm as one of the greatest action films  of all time, not to mention being historically accurate.  This film should  be viewed by history buffs and action lovers alike.
0790731452|5.0|Only the mind of Tim Burton can deliver actors Jack Nicholson, Annette Bening, Glenn Close, Sylvia Sydney, Danny Devito, Pierce Brosnan, Natalie Portman, Michael J. Fox and other famous faces in tandem with classic  brain-head aliens wearing speedos!<br />An interesting mix of 50's themes -  donut stands, bomb shelters and pipe-smoking presidential advisors in  conjunction w/ modern themes such as pyramids in Vegas and the Hubble  telescope.<br />This tongue-in-cheek spoof on classic sci-fi is a cross  between &quot;Plan 9 From Outer Space&quot; and &quot;Independence  Day.&quot; Great special effects, great costumes, hilarious scenes. There  are a number of scenes that can double you over in laughter as well as  intellectual laughs through-out... the kind that make you smile and say,  &quot;now -that- is funny!&quot; I can't say much more without spoiling  this flick, but if you  like classic sci-fi or even if you don't and you  just like a good comedy w/ some brains, this is it.
B00004TL21|5.0|Thank these guys.  they're so great.  they took everything that was their strong points from their first two CDs and put them to the limit.  I'm excited.
6304711921|5.0|This is a great family film, regardless of whether or not you celebrate Halloween. This is such a clever film, terrific claymation meets terrrific story. Jack (o' Lantern) helps to save Santa Claus (or as they would say,  &quot;Sandy Claws&quot;) with his trusty ghost-dog, Zero.<br />A sweet comedy  filled with rich imagery and great visual metaphors enjoyable for children  and adults.  A real thinking film, that's touching and adorable. I highly  recommend this film.
B00004U8H4|5.0|American Psycho is, hands down, one of the best movies made recently.  It is witty, smart, funny, and everything else you can ask for in a film.  It is well worth a look.      The story revolves around the wealthy, Wall  Street yuppie Patrick Bateman, played dead-on by Christian Bale.  Bateman  is, by day, a normal individual.  By night, he is a cold blooded killer.   Through lunches, dinners, dates, drug induced binges at bars, we begin to  learn that Bateman is no different from many people in the world.  But then  something happens.  He begins to think of what people would look like with  their insides out.  He gets jealous of other peoples' business cards and  wants them dead.  Nobody know though.      The charm of this story comes  from the descriptions Bateman gives in what his daily routine entails, what  type of suits he wears, what everyone else is wearing, and the music he  listens to.  Much like the book by Bret Easton Ellis, the film spends time  on these descriptions in a hilarious outcome, to show us how normal Bateman  is.  The charm also comes from his relationship to other characters,  particularly the wonderful Reese Witherspoon as his fiance, and the  beautiful Chloe Sevoine as his secretary.  These are two people who are  very close to him, yet know nothing about what is going on in his head.   This makes it even more creepy.      The book is a great piece of  literature and the film is a wonderful piece of cinema.  The great thing  about the movie version is that it focused on the story and the wit of the  book, not the violence.  This movie is not for the weak by any means, but  compared to the book, it is very tame.        I can definitely recommend  American Psycho.  Those who loved movies like Very Bad Things, Rushmore,  Election, and Pulp Fiction will really enjoy this movie.
6304913176|1.0|I must say that the special effects in this movie were outstanding...but  the plot, acting, and character development left me very disappointed.  (Did I actually pay money to watch this movie?  Unfortunately...yes.)  Overall, this flick was predictable, and had it not been filled with  &quot;eye candy&quot;, I most likely would have died from boredom by the  time the sappy characters all enlisted to save the world.  If you're just  looking for some cool sci-fi FX, check it out.  If your standards are any  higher, I'd suggest that you stay away!!!
B00004KD1L|2.0|The fact that Groove Armada have chosen to include their most successful single, &quot;At The River&quot;, on this release, when it was actually on their previous album, speaks volumes.  What's truly disappointing, though,  is that nothing on &quot;Vertigo&quot; tops it, and &quot;Northern  Star&quot; has been rereleased with &quot;At The River&quot; excised: a  shameful historical revision.  Other groups are already being touted as the  'successors' to Groove Armada, so buy the single and consign the album to  history.
6304913176|1.0|I must say that the special effects in this movie were outstanding...but  the plot, acting, and character development left me very disappointed.   (Did I actually pay money to watch this movie?  Unfortunately...yes.)  Overall, this flick was predictable, and had it not been filled with  &quot;eye candy&quot;, I most likely would have died from boredom by the  time the sappy characters all enlisted to save the world.  If you're just  looking for some cool sci-fi FX, check it out.   If your standards are any  higher, I'd suggest that you stay away!!!
006092988X|5.0|I first started reading A Tree Grows in Brooklyn, because a friend had recommened it to me. But when I started reading the book, I loved it! It was really good!
6301971582|3.0|After reading the novel &quot;Logan's Run&quot; I finally saw the film  adaptation just over a year later. I had heard mixed reactions about this  movie, but this increased my curiosity over what it was like. I thought I'd  better see it for myself.<br />I would compare this movie to David Lynch's  adaptation of &quot;Dune&quot;. The story has gone through quite a face  lift with its transition from book to screen. That isn't necessarily bad,  but it could be disappointing to some, especially if they're fans of the  novel.<br />Quite a few changes have been made, such as the mandatory age for  &quot;sleep&quot;. The film also introduces something called the Carousel,  where citizens  due for termination die publicly, accompanied by cheers  from the crowd. In the novel it was only over-population that made it  necessary for people to die prematurely. In the film it was war and  pollution that forced people to be crammed together in a dome, where space  was limited.<br />This vision of the future may look dated, (i.e too  clean-looking) but the model of the domed city is impressive, as is the  ruinous jungle of Washington D.C. The casting and soundtrack were also  good. If you have read the novel first, don't expect too much from this  movie, try thinking  of it as  something separate.
6304383177|5.0|Cary Grant and Kathrine Hepburn are at their best in this screwball  comedy.<br />Their comic timing is what comedians are made of. Both actors at  the top of their game.<br />A definite must buy or rent.  The only travesty is  that it IS NOT ON DVD!
0440219078|5.0|I am 12 years old and simply love &quot;The Giver&quot;.  I began reading the book as a leasure activity before my amazing teacher decided to do a unit on the book by reading it aloud to the class. I admit, it was even  better the 2nd time around! [if possible] I began my book report on the  book with the simple scentance: &quot;Jonas lived in a world without  choices. A celestial community, a utopian society.&quot; My report went on  including the basic plot about how after the ceremony of 12, Jonas  discovers that he is different from the others in his community and how he  began his training with the Giver. Anyways, I won't go on because there is  soooo much in this book that I cannot fit into 1,000 words. So all in all,  I am simply agog by the content of &quot;The Giver&quot; and thuroughly  congratulate Ms. Lowry's fine work.
0679735909|5.0|Don't be misled by the word &quot;Romance&quot; in the title of this book -- &quot;Possession&quot; is no bodice-ripper.<br />An acquaintance of mine, seeing the word on the cover, asked me if the book was about a man with  strong arms carrying someone up a flight of stairs. I told him the book was  &quot;nothing like&quot;.<br />Before mass-market paperbacks appeared ad  nauseum in supermarket carosels, there was an entire literary tradition  known as the &quot;Romantic.&quot; Into this literary tradition, A.S. Byatt  has created and inserted two fictitious poets, Randolph Henry Ash and  Christabel LaMotte.<br />Two present day scholars, Roland Mitchell and Maud  Bailey, uncover documents suggesting that the two poets knew each other.  Eventually drawn together by their individual research, Roland and Maud  trace the movements, uncover the correspondence and piece together the  relationship of Ash and LaMotte. During this time, their own love story  unfolds, offering an intriguing parallel to the love that now exists only  in relics from the past.<br />A word, if I may, about one of the supporting  characters, Val. Roland is not at first free to pursue a relationship with  Maud, because he is already romantically entangled with Val. For the sake  of the plot, it is obvious that he must, of course, become unentangled.<br />I have never understood the justification behind making the hero's  original romantic interest abominably loathsome for no other reason than to  manipulate readers/viewers into rejoicing when she is sent packing like the  literal and symbolic baggage she is. This always seemed to me, a very weak  form of plot.<br />I hope I do not give too much away when I say that I was  very pleased to see that Val is NOT treated in this cavilier way. Instead,  she is given a happiness that she is surprised to find but in fact richly  deserves. Everyone deserves to be happy, and the chance to make someone  else happy, right?<br />Byatt's book is not just the story of two love  affairs, but the story of a love affair with reading itself. If you have  any doubts, just peruse the following passage, taken from pages 510-512 of  the trade paperback edition:<br />&quot;It is possible for a writer to make,  or remake at least, for a reader, the primary pleasures of eating, or  drinking, or looking on, or sex. Novels have their obligatory  tour-de-force, the green-flecked gold omllette aux fines herbes, melting  into buttery formlessness and tasting of summer, or the creamy human  haunch, firm and warm, curved back to reveal a hot hollow, a crisping hair  or two, the glimpsed sex. They do not habitually elaborate on the equally  intense pleasure of reading ... Now and then there are readings that make  the hairs on the neck, the non-existant pelt, stand on end and tremble,  when every word burns and shines hard and clear and infinite and exact,  like stones of fire, like points of stars in the dark -- readings when the  knowledge that we shall know the writing differently or better or  satisfactorily, runs ahead of any capacity to say what we know, or how. In  these readings, a sense that the text has appeared to be wholly new, never  before seen, is followed, almost immediately, by the sense that it was  always there, that we the readers, knew it was always there, and have  always known it as it was, though we have now for the first time  recognized, become fully cognizant of, our knowledge.&quot;<br />At once  mystery and romance in both the common and literary senses, Byatt's  multi-faceted epic is full of breathtaking prose like the passage above.  The revelation at the end of the book is not unpredictable, but nonetheless  gives a nice feeling of closure to the relationship of Ash and LaMotte and  is a vivid reminder of how similar these long-dead poets are to the living,  breathing Roland and Maud.<br />For an engaging read that can be enjoyed on a  variety of levels, I strongly recommend &quot;Possession&quot; by A.S.  Byatt.A.S.  Byatt.
B000001U3K|5.0|As you gaze in pure awe at the track listings, you'll wonder to yourself how someone can pour out such classic songs into one album. It's magic, my friend. Actually, it's a little help from David Bowie and Mick Ronson.  Both, of whom, helped Lou with the arrangments of the songs and the feeling  of them. This CD is a true classic and should be in everyone's CD  collection. It's very difficult for me to pick one certain song as the one  that stands out the most. I believe each of the songs stand out in each of  their own different way, and this is why Transformer has gone down into  history as one of the most essential rock albums of all time.
B000002J1L|4.0|This album, like any of the other Genesis albums from the 70s, is great.  Songs like &quot;The Musical Box&quot;, &quot;...Hogweed&quot;, and &quot;The Fountain...&quot; are Genesis classics.  But here's the only  problem:<br />You listen to the first three songs, completely amazed after the  Hogweed's ending.  Then the next three songs pass; they're OK.  All of a  sudden, The Fountain is on, and once that ends, the album is over!  Don't  get me wrong; it doesn't matter that the album is just under 40 minutes  long.  I loved &quot;Trespass&quot;, and that album was pretty short.   However, the difference between &quot;Trespass&quot; and &quot;Nursery  Cryme&quot; is the fact that all six songs on &quot;Trespass&quot; were  long and beautiful.  Only three of the songs on NC are similar to all six  Trespass songs, and only Musical Box matches the beauty to any of the six  Trespass songs.  <br />In conclusion:  this album, albeit not the best Genesis  album, is still great.  I would recommend it to any prog fan who doesn't  have it yet.
0385334206|4.0|Sarcastic take on the perception of early magazine scfi writing before Vonnegut moves onto other stuff. Strong on irony and as it written in 1973 quite environmental as well.  Appeals to my twisted humour anyhow - best  judged by reading the Sirens of Titan.<br />Story: Dysfunctional society and  how some make it, and others go crazy seen though Dwayne, a car dealer and  Kilgore Trout famous author to two fans on a trip to an arts festival  across America.
6305750750|5.0|I loved this movie.  It had a great plot and screenplay and I liked it a  lot.  If you have seen the original Star Wars movies then this is a great  movie to add to your collection.  Darth Maul, Anakin, Qui-Gon, Obi-Wan and  Amidala were all great characters and the actors did a wonderful job.  Another George Lucas Classic.
6303168507|4.0|I loved this movie. The black and white was genius because, how did they mostly make movies back in the 1940s? Black and white! The only things that I didn't like about this movie were the cursing and the sex scenes. The  holocaust parts I don't mind, but the sex I do. And I was particularly  shocked at how well Mrs. Schindler took it when she caught her husband  adultering. Shameful! Other than that, I think that this movie deserves  every oscar that it won and more (Liam Neeson should have won Best Actor).  I always get a little teary in the last scene. It's a wonderful movie.
B000023VR6|5.0|&quot;2001&quot; is probably the best Cd that ive ever heard.All of the tracks have good beats and lyrics.The only thing that i dont like are the two or three interludes on the Cd.Other than that,this is a great Cd to  buy.
0767853946|3.0|Saw this on T.V. not long ago, and enjoyed it. I don't mind action flicks with humour, and Will Smith and Martin Lawrence make a good double act. It was funny, violent and 'Leathal Weapon-ish' and also starred the gorgeous  Tea' Leoni (Deep Impact). I hear there was a sequel, but it flopped.
B000000WA5|5.0|The first tape is good.But the only good song on the second one is &quot;1979&quot;.The shouldhave only release one tape.But &quot;tonight,tonight&quot;,&quot;zero&quot;,&quot;bullet with butterfly  wings&quot;,&quot;muzzle&quot;,and&quot;1979&quot; make this a great  album.You should buy it now if you havent already.
0800127862|3.0|I realized something the other day.  Sometimes we take movies way too  seriously.  Yes, the screenplay and the acting in Last Action Hero are  sub-par, but who cares?  The movie is a lot of fun to watch and it has a  lot of good action in it.  It may not be a masterpiece, but who ever said  it had to be?  A movie like this isn't meant to be taken seriously.  I like  it, and I'd recommend it to anyone.
B00000IPAX|5.0|Blink182 are the best punk/rock band ever! There songs are notall about love and mush.  There funny, and they play instruments! Notlike pianos, but guitars and drums! Anyone who said Blink182 is dumb, wuz not listening to Enema Of The State, but something like, Buhdda. Buhdda, wuz good, but not as good as Enema.  1) Dumpweed: I like it. Its funny.  Tom does a great job singing.  2) Don't Leave Me: Ummm...Its OK.  3) Aliens Exisit: ITS TRUE! ALIENS EXISIT! This is one of the best songs! Its funny!   4) Going Away To College: Worth listening to.  5) Whats My Age Again?: Your all famalir with! It *NEVER* gets old or boring, its just so funny!  And the video is phat!  6) Dysentry Gary: It has cuss, but its funny! Ya learn to luv it! Its just so funny! And the music is great.  7) Adam's Song: This song is so serious! Its great! My friend is thinking about suicide.  I hope this song will change her mind! I know it changed mine!  8) All The Small Things: Again, ya never get bored! Its so funny, and I luv the video! Its the best!   9) Party Song: A REAL PARTY SONG!   10) Mutt: FUNNY! Its gross, but totally funny!  11) Wendy Clear: Its worth listening to.  I can't really understand the meaning to this song.  12) Anthem: Another funny song.  I just luv it! Its my fav. Its just really cool! Tom is the best!  So basically I'm saying, buy this CD!  Mark and Tom are hotties, and they sing and play instruments great! Go buy this today! Its sooo good!
B00003Q43A|5.0|being a film lover and a sound and picture critic, i must conclude that  this film is remarkcabably made. the picture and sound quality is rated  maximum, in my openion. it is indeed a film of pure pluesur to all sceinse  fiction lovers. the thx quality makes this dvd to top any modern sceinse  fiction movie, e.g. the matrix, although its my favour it, i recomand you  see independence day on dvd, then you will comprehand what i mean. thank  you. :)
B00002DE0S|5.0|These are deservedly revered works in the realm of piano concerti and there are numerous performances of top quality &quot;on record&quot;.  Yet this effort absolutely goes over the top, in a positive way. Zimerman has  dared to be different, putting his musical heart on his sleeve - and it  works!  Yes, the expressiveness is so intense at times they're close to  loosing focus - close, but they do hold the works together in a brand new  way. To me, these performances rank among a few of the very greatest  recorded of any instrumental concerto I've had the joy to discover!
0440234743|3.0|The Testament was quite a change from Grisham's usual tales of courtroom drama and legal wrangling.  There's some of that here, but most of the book is devoted to a South American travelogue that at first appears to be a  subplot, but which turns out to be the main plot.  The book is not any  worse than Grisham's &quot;more traditional&quot; works, but it is a bit  different, and I did not enjoy it as much.
B00001NFCY|4.0|Without a doubt, HUMAN CLAY is one of the best CDs this year.  With songs like &quot;HIGHER&quot; and &quot;WITH ARMS WIDE OPEN,&quot; CREED demonstrates a great musical technique and an excellent inspiration...  TWO  THUMBS UP FOR CREED!
B00004THAY|5.0|Clapton and King!  For blues the only thing better would be if Stevie Ray Vaughn was still alive!  You have to get this CD.  The title track is fabulous.
6305089957|5.0|i luved this movie. thought it was supposed to be a scary horror film, it  turned out to be a very good mystery, and well....i have to admit in parts  i was indeed scared. the movie is amazing and the actors/actresses are  great. laurie metcalf, beter known as jackie, the insane sister of roseanne  bar, on the hit comedy roseanee, makes a shocking appearence. also of  course neve cambpell &amp; courtney cox arquette make excellent, excellent  characters in the film and there parts play a huge role. people think that  they got carried away by making so many screams, but when u make a movie  this good, you should keep going. it was way better then the first, and is  a great movie
B00000JZIK|5.0|This is one of those movies that tricks you into thinking you know what is  really going on.  You never really get the movie until the last minute --  and you sit there dumbstruck until all the credits go by, and then you go  &quot;whoa, I need to watch this again.&quot;  <br />Of course, you would  think that after the first time it wouldn't be such a great movie because  you already know what happens.  This is far from the case.  This movie was  entertaining to me every single time I saw it.  It's clever, it's funny,  it's dramatic, it's everything.  Kevin Spacey is a great actor and tells  the story of Keiser Soze better than anyone else.  See the movie!
B000006ZL4|2.0|After all the hype, after all the glowing reviews about how this album is supposedly one of the great prog metal/neoclassical releases ever, I finally picked up Symphony X's The Divine Wings of Tragedy.<br />Boy, what a  let-down.  It just did not &quot;grab&quot; me in any way.  All the  ingredients are there to make this a great album from the Dio-like vocals,  and very Malmsteen-like guitar and the Queen-ish vocal harmonies and Dream  Theater sound but when it comes right down to it, I didn't like this  album.<br />I'm not the biggest fan of neoclassical metal but I do like  progressive metal minus the technical over-the-topness many so-called  &quot;prog metal&quot; bands indulge in.  The funny thing is that Symphony  X's technical indulgences are, for the most part, tasteful (except for the  keyboards that are a bit too much at times), I should have liked this  album.  But I didn't and I still can't figure it out.  All the ingredients  are there.  Hey, maybe it was the songs.  Who knows?
B00004THAY|3.0|Riding With the King  indeed. Sit back, pull the top down, put on the cruise control  and enjoy the ride. B.B. sounds great  as always and Clapton is no slouch either. Clapton has always loved the blues - and B.B.  is the blues. For those of you who liked King's Deuces Wild, with a variety  of partners, this CD represents a great opportunity to hear 2 artists grow  over an entire CD. Each track is worth listening to again and again..  Nuff  said, listen and enjoy.
6304779607|1.0|I reviewed this film quite a some time ago and gave it 2 stars out of 5  (which means seriously flawed and is only recommended for hardcore fans of  the genre.Otherwise,steer clear).However,after viewing this DVD,this movie  is worse than I originally thought.A while ago,me and my friend Ted went to  BlockBuster to rent some DVD's.Ted owns a DVD player,so I went to his  house.The DVD's we rented were Small Soldiers,Friday The 13th, Phantasm and  this.Ted absolutely loves this movie, so just to be nice,I watched it with  him.However, he didn't enjoy it very much because the DVD had some VERY  irritating problems.The picture quality is horrible.Some scenes are  difficult to see coz the picture has a dark tint to it.The sound is bad.On  the DVD we rented,the actors voices were hard to hear has some of the  gunfire and sound  F/X.There was also a hiss that would interrupt  every  once in a while.It wasn't loud or constant but still.The extras are fairly  decent,but the director's commentary isn't a commentary at all.  George Pan  Cosmatos is silent throughout the entire film and doesn't speak once about  it. Overall,I'd recommend you avoid this.If you must see this dull  flick,rent the VHS tape.The DVD is purely and simply awful.
B00000F1D3|5.0|There are some sounds so powerful, they set a mood for you.  This CD is full of them....this may be the best of Cher.  If not the best, it is certainly the one for the new millennium.
B00004SYWZ|5.0|A-HA released a total of 6 albums in their career before this new album(practically a rising phoenix).  Their sound has not faultered.  True fans of A-HA's style will fall in love again with their music.  True to  form they hold every note with more energy than they've had before.  Just  when you thought the band was gone for good, and the solo efforts were not  getting as good reviews as they should have(after all Wild Seed is  wonderful) here they come, rising from the ashes with yet another classic.   I recommend any of their previous albums.  Of all the albums &quot;Memorial  Beach&quot; was probably their weakest effort, but still a great album.
B00001NFCY|4.0|music is great, but please admit that you heard of PEARL JAM!
B00000K0T8|5.0|Ghost is one of the best Wu members that drop the nices lyrics and beats. He knows exactly how to rip the mic. His first solo is the best solo Wu album I've heard yet.
6305280762|4.0|In her autobiography, Faye Dunaway complains that she (and her other big Hollywood pals like &quot;Bill&quot; Holden...) were just used for their names on the billboard, when the real star of this pic was the fire.  Well,  I remember seeing this movie in the theater with my parents and sister at  age 7 -- my first PG rated movie -- and I was so dazzled I couldn't sleep  that night.  All those fabulous stars of the past and present in fabulous  1970s gowns, falling to their deaths ablaze.  Susan Blakely on that tether  being scared and fabulous, Faye in her faux Halston getting it on with Paul  Newman in his office (can you believe that bedroom ?).  Mike &quot;Bobby  Brady&quot; Lookinland as the child hero.  OJ Simpson as the handsome black  man (we wont go there) And Fred Astaire gets the Shelly Winters oscar nod.  And when Steve McQueen is informed he has to go in to blow the tanks, his  profane response is so macho and sexy.  And don't you miss when the Glass  Tower wiggles at the very beginning (good old matte photography - this was  2 years before Star Wars, folks...)  I don't know -- what is NOT to love in  this movie?  All I can say is, it changed my life as age 7 and had a  profound effect on me, much as Airport 1975, Earthquake and Airport 1977  did -- all that cheese, all that hair, all those gals in danger.  But this  was the best of them.  (For the record, Poseidon Adventure was in a class  all its own - I don't think that was campy.)
B00004SVID|4.0|I was worried when I heard that the Floyd was releasing a concert based on their near-perfect concept album.  The original version of The Wall is very much a studio album, full of sound effects, orchastras, and recording  techniques that seemed like it would be impossible to do live with the same  impact.  Plus, Pink Floyd live albums have been very hit-and-miss.<br />The  final result is &quot;Is There Anybody Out There?&quot;, and I shouldn't  have worried.  The live version has most all of the studio wizardy during  the concert, but this version also exposes how well the Floyd can ROCK.  If  you want the true Wall experience, listen to the studio album.  If you want  the visualization, watch the flawed (but nicely remastered) movie on DVD.  Consider this version as an alternative that reveals something that  recording in the studio, especially over a length of time, can sometimes  miss...  the jaming sound great.  Hearing Run Like Hell, In The Flesh, and  Another Brick In the Wall pt. 2 on this version really gets my blood  pumping.<br />The sound quality is very good for a live album of it's time...  there is some prominent hiss from Roger's wireless mic, and the crowd often  sounds like it's behind a &quot;Wall&quot;.  But all the instruments can be  heard (the keyboards dissappear every now and then), and the dynamic range  is very good.  The vocals, guitar and the rest of the band and in-tune and  perfect.<br />I wish the orchastra was live and not taped, but that would have  been too hard considering the scope of the show.  Moments like Vera and  Bring the Boys Back Home seem almost unnecessary because they are just  Roger singing live over a tape of the original album.  But like I said,  when the full band kicks it in the show sounds great.<br />After hearing  this show, you will Wish You Were There!
0451191153|3.0|as a 21 year old,i really found the book inspiring..it's a book which makes u question urself..ur value system..it's a book which inspires u to be &quot;perfect&quot; but the caution is Rand's definition of  &quot;perfect&quot; need not be perfect yes intelligence &amp; competence  is of prime importance but these values need not make u arrogant &amp;  unemotional...how can emotions be a sign of &quot;weakness&quot;..it's a  sign of being human &amp; being real..In contemporary times, Rand's book  probably loses a little relevance..today we have come to respect the  Knowledge industry &amp; we have acknowledged it as the third wave of  revolution..so we can be assured that the Howard Roarks of this world will  get their due respect, u no more have to feel guity about being competent..  Rand's book gives u a lot of food for thought but she leaves u in maze..she  breaks ur world (the way u see it) but leaves u on ur own to pick up pieces  &amp; make sense out of it.. It's a very good cerebral read.
B00000DFRS|1.0|Songs played on the radio are generally the songs I would like to hear on a CD.  Well, this is not the case here.  I purchased this CD thinking that her songs would sound very similar to what was played on the radio (because  they sounded great!).  HOWEVER, when I popped the CD in the player, boy was  I surprised!  It sounded nothing like what the radio stations  played...NOTHING!  I think she was a little rap-happy when making this CD.   Very poor..I was fooled.  Don't you be.
1556154844|5.0|Every software developer should read this book. It is concise, well written, and useful at every stage of software construction.<br />There are at least 3 copies floating around the office. As developers browse through  other people's copies, they realize that it's a great book to have.<br />The  only drawback, and this is just a sign of the book's age, is that it works  primarily for procedural driven languages. This is almost assumed from the  beginning, since Object oriented languages were much less developed then.  An updated version for OO is necessary and would definitely be  welcome.<br />The book describes practices how an individual programmer can  make themself better at building software. By necessity, this overlaps  other facets of software development, including managing projects, but the  bulk is for the individual programmer.<br />I can't tell you how much this has  effected my personal practices. It makes a world of difference, especially  to the middle of the road programmers, which is the biggest group in the  software community.<br />As Mr. McConnell says, the best programmers take a  lot of this material for granted, and the worst think that they don't need  it or that it doesn't exist. As a result, a lot of the practices go  undocumented and are lost to those who could benefit from them. They are in  this book and clearly spelled out and well organized.<br />If you are  programming for a living, and want to get better at it, this is the book  for you.
B000002GJS|3.0|This album is not as good as Reckless.It took a while for Bryan Adams to come out with an album after working with Steve Lillywhite and Jim Vallance (both were later axed) could not make the upcoming album work.Longtime  producer Bob Clearmountain switched to mix engineer and Robert 'Mutt' Lange  became the new co-producer. Adding Michael Kamen to write ballades was an  excellent move; previous ballades Adams wrote don't sound as mature as the  ones after the album Into the Fire.<br />Adams' wanted to return to that raw  sound from Reckless but appeared to have trouble with getting the right  songs. He couldn't get that out of Lillywhite or Vallance. This may explain  for some forgettable filler tracks. The last song could have been replaced  with a better written song.<br />But adding 'Mutt' Lange was a change for the  better! Adams does not appear so sandy, short-winded or like he's  struggling after working with such a master of vocal harmony in  Lange.<br />Can't Stop This Thing We Started reminds me of Adams' cameo  appearance in Glass Tiger's Don't Forget Me (When I'm Gone)and Tears For  Fear's Everybody Wants to Rule the World. Do I Have To Say the Words? drags  with a coda; the radio edit sounds better.The song should end without that  long guitar solo. Depend On Me would sound more interesting if Donnie  Osmond sang it: it reminds me of Soldier of Love.  Enough cannot be said  about the best penned song of Adams': (Everything I Do)I Do It for You  succeeds because of its unusual characteristics: how many #1 ballads have  been written in Db !  The verse-chorus form does not resemble a typical  radio-friendly ballade. Adams demonstrates how to use a pause as an  effective way to perform/compose a song. Only he and Billy Joel use this  technique consistently accurate.Too many musicians/songwriters don't pause  correctly, if at all. What would have been interesting was if Adams  released Do I Have to Say the Words? before releasing the best selling  single of 1991. <br />(Everything I Do) I Do it for You is a great song for  weddings and for other remembrances but is played way too little these  days.
0380804557|3.0|Yes, this was a cute story.  Cute enough to rate 3 stars.  But it was pure fluff.  A cute fairy tale story that flows along smoothly to an ending where everything gets tied up into a perfect little, utterly predictable  package.  I finished it in one day, and not because I was so entranced I  couldn't put it down.  Don't get me wrong, I didn't dislike it, it's a  great story to take your mind off things.  But from reading the reviews  here, I was expecting a fantasy masterpiece.  Just to warn potential  readers, if you're looking for substance, you're in the wrong place.
B000002GGU|5.0|This album should have been given as much publicity as Bruce Springsteen's Born in the USA. There must have been something going on with the press back in 1985 when both albums were released.   This is easily Adams' best  album. Starting from the first song One Night Love Affair, Adams keeps the  rhythm flowing all the way to the last song, Ain't Gonna Cry. My only knock  on the album is that it only contains one slow song, Heaven. Another slow  song could have replaced the last song in Reckless.<br />Adams' signature rock  classic Summer of 69 is actually his take on the summer of 1949! with a  little adjustment. Do compare this with Don Henley's signature song, Boys  of Summer; both songs are about the same year! <br />In Adams' native Canada  Reckless is the best selling album for a male Canadian performer of ALL  TIME. Billboard listed Reckless as the bestselling album for 1985.<br />As far  as competing with Canadian female solo artists are concerned, only Shania  Twain's Come On Over and Alanis Morissette's Jagged Little Pill has outsold  Adams' Reckless.   Why this album is not listed among great classic rock  albums puzzles me.
B000000LZV|5.0|I remember the video for &quot;This Ain't No Picnic&quot;. It featured old war movie footage of Ronald Reagan interspersed and at the end he dropped bombs on The Minutemen from an airplane. The video was a hoot and had to be  the shortest one I've ever seen. The Minuteman aesthetic and DOUBLE NICKELS  ON THE DIME in particular (I confess to having heard very little of their  other stuff) was, for me, like a big &quot;SCREW YOU&quot; to Reaganomics  and all the other accompanying garbage that dominated the mid-eighties  American landscape. Though they are classified as hardcore punk, the music  owes more to funk. These guys were tight and D. Boon's snaky leads and  notebook poetry dominate the album which is a remarkably dense affair (no  surprise considering it boasts over 40 tracks!). They don't bludgeon but  they do rock hard and leave plenty of open spaces and, of course, keep  their numbers short (or as the late Mr. Boon says, &quot;We jam  econo!&quot;). Favorites?... The aforementioned &quot;...Picnic&quot;,  &quot;History Lesson-Part II&quot;,...Hell, I like the whole album and SO  WILL YOU!
0807281190|5.0|This is a great book.  A must read for anyone of  all ages.  I enjoyed reading the book.  I could  not put it down.
B000002G0P|4.0|Extreme released their third album in 1992 as a follow-up to their hugely popular \\"Pornografitti\\".  Once again they showed their wide range of styles and influences.  They divide the album into three sections.  The \\"sides\\"  being \\"Yours\\", \\"Mine\\" and \\"The Truth\\".  <br />They start off the album with a  hard and fast hitting tune \\"Warheads\\".  This is the kind of tune that shows  the talents of guitarist, Nuno Bettencourt.  Everything he plays is crisp,  reminiscent of Queen's Brian May.  The lyrics in this song, as with all the  others in the \\"Yours\\" section has to do with the devastation that war  brings, not just to countries, but also to individual relations.  \\"Rest in  Peace\\" tells of how lack of peace brings destruction.  \\"Color Me Blind\\"  brings up the problems of racial tensions.  \\"Peacemaker Die\\" features the  narrator wishing harm to all those who try to bring peace to the world.   Every piece in this section features a driving beat, some with a killer  horn section and all with the vocal layers that Extreme is known for.<br />The  \\"Mine\\" section mellows out a bit.  This is a little more personal than the  first section.  The songs have to do more with one on one relationships  that aren't so perfect.  Whether it be with a girlfriend (Seven Sundays), a  parent (Our Father), the entire planet (Stop the World) or God (God Isn't  Dead).  The styles range from a `70's style power ballad, think \\"Beth\\" by  Kiss to a Van Halen sound.  It's no wonder that lead singer Gary Cherone  ended up with the latter band.<br />The best part of this album is the final  section.  This is an epic three part masterpiece titled \\"Everything Under  the Sun\\".  The beginning is an innocent music box playing the theme to the  final part of the piece.  The piece starts off bleak.  It asks the listener  to look around and see what's really happening.  Is everything as great as  it appears?  The second section continues on in the same bleak ways asking  \\"Am I Ever Gonna Change\\".  There is finally a bright spot in the finale,  \\"Who Cares\\".  The music is amazing.  A cello soloist a la The Beatles and  eventually an entire orchestra joins the band.  As popular as  \\"Pornografitti\\" is, I still choose this album as my favorite.  If you don't  own it and you like Extreme, get this one.
0671027344|5.0|An extraordinary work -- &quot;The Perks of Being a Wallflower&quot; is one of the best books I've read in a long time and deserves all the positive reviews it has received.  Essential reading for those who remember starting high school, finding new friends, discovering love, and basically,  being confused about it all.
0062511408|5.0|Un libro que nos inspira a ir tras nuestros sueos sabiendo que podemos alcanzarlos y a luchar por las cosas que queremos, disfrutando cada aprendizaje de la jornada. Nos ensea que, como el mismo dice textualmente  en su libro ... Solo una cosa torna un sueo imposible... el miedo a  fracasar. Nos empuja a confiar y perseguir nuestros deseos ms reales y que  al final del camino encontraremos el tesoro que todos llevamos dentro. Lo  recomiendo a todas aquellas personas que a pesar de la edad que tengan,  todavia son capaces de soar...
B000001Y5X|3.0|Don't get me wrong this Album isn't bad, it's essential for any Manson fan, but it's definitely not a Masterpiece as &quot;AC&quot; and &quot;MA&quot; are. It has a lot of great songs ( &quot;Lunchbox&quot; ,  &quot;Get your Gunn&quot;, &quot;Dope Hat&quot; ) but lacks the constant  power of the later Albums. &quot;My Monkey&quot; maybe the most twisted  song Marylin Manson ever wrote, but it sounds kinda silly. &quot;Sweet  Tooth&quot; and &quot;Cyclops&quot; sound a bit unfinished but they also  have their charme. I bought this CD four Months ago and I don't listen to  it much anymore, while Mechanical Animals and Antichrist Superstar still  rotate once in a week in my Player. It's a good debut but nothing more in  comparison to his next two albums.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|First, I shake my head at those who label this pop and therefore won't listen to it. Stylistically, yes, perhaps our Orange County boys have changed a bit, taken a bit less of an angry young man approach, but they've  replaced it with wit and depth. It's too easy for an album to complain,  it's another thing entirely to make you think, while still pumping out punk  in a day when punk is on a respirator and Dexter and Co. not only provide  but provide with style. Maturity has served them well and this album is an  all-time favorite with me, equal to Smash and Ixnay any day.
B000002GLV|5.0|I had long given up thinking this jewel would ever be released on CD.  There is something about this record that just &quot;works&quot;.  It is a combination of Mayall's legendary ability to gather great talent and an  exceptional live performance that really cooks.  The &quot;Good Times  Boogie&quot; cut is magical in its ability to remove you from reality.<br />I  was quite small when I first heard this album and it made me a blues fan  for life.  I enjoy all music genres and this is one of my top 10  recordings.  I do not tire of playing it and I always wonder what it would  have been like to have been at the actual performance when such talent was  firing on all cylinders.  The album title is a bit misleading, the tracks  are mostly blues in rhythm and chord progressions, but with jazz overtones  expertly scattered about.  This is John Mayall's finest work.
B0000060NH|5.0|An extremely underrated and overlooked item in Gaye's discography and even in the realm of the Blaxploitation soundtrack genre, &quot;Trouble Man&quot; showed just how focused Gaye could be when stimulated by a  project.  More importantly, it further established him as an accomplished  musician and composer, rather than just a soulful crooner who waits for his  producers to churn out singles for him.<br />As is often the case with many of  the early 70's Blaxploitation films, the soundtrack is the jewel of the  entire production; &quot;Trouble Man&quot; was no exception.  The movie  itself was a tasteless, cliché-ridden mobster flick (although Gaye himself  did have a minor role in the film), and has yet to be issued in any home  video format.  Gaye has often stated that this was his personal favorite  among his works, and given his notorious ego, it's easy to see why: all  music, arrangements and production work are 100% Marvin.  With the  exception of the title track, Gaye uses his voice strictly as a pure  instrument, his falsetto range adding shades of color to a lively and  ever-changing mix.  Many of the selections function as incidental music  (which can be a bit frustrating without any accompanying visuals), but  they're so well done here it's hard to complain.  A well-balanced and  consistently enjoyable effort, deserved to rank along the lines of  Mayfield's &quot;Superfly&quot; and Hayes' &quot;Shaft.&quot;
B000002GQE|5.0|along with the Who's &quot;Tommy,&quot; the greatest story album ever made. the music is very haunting and very peaceful. a must have album for any collection if you love good quality music.
6304806442|5.0|Is the rhetorical question asked by Renton (Ewan McGregor) early on in the movie.  That sums up the complete hold that heroin exerts on the lives of main characters of the movie and the horrendous consequences of this  addiction.<br />I have heard that Trainspotting has been criticized as  glorifing drugs.  People making this comment must be out of their minds.  I  have never seen such a powerful indictment of heroin and its effects and I  ever had any inclination to try the stuff then a single viewing of the  movie cured me forever.  <br />Most movies that I watch leave no lasting  impression on me but many of the scenes in Trainspotting will stay with me  for a very long time.  There are moments that make you laugh out loud  (Spud's job interview for example) and others that are some of the most  powerful and disturbing film images that I have ever seen.<br />Danny Boyle  and co. have do a marvellous job of making a film about real people and  real lives while making it compelling viewing at the same time.  The  soundtrack is excellent just to round off the experience.
B000002LN9|5.0|This album is definitely the best EC live or studio. The backup band including Robert Cray and Buddy Guy is magnificent. I also highly recommend this in DVD as well.
0887431453|5.0|Big Preschool Workbook is a huge, 320 page compendium of single page activities organized by major skill areas ideal for use with preschool ages children. Each page in this comprehensive workbook is illustrated in color.  Big Preschool Workbook is Ideal for day care center and home school use, as  well as classroom curriculum supplementation. Also very highly recommended  are the other volumes in the School Zone Publishing &quot;Big  Workbook&quot; series: Big Kindergarten Workbook; Big First Grade  Workbook; Big First Grade Workbook; Big Second Grade Workbook; Big Phonics  Workbook.
B00004SVID|3.0|PF live sounds are usually much better than this. It sounds so close to the original wall without anything different outstanding. I was very excited when this album was released, but after listening to it, it just  doesn't compare to &quot;Pulse&quot; and &quot;The delicate sound of  thunder.&quot; I was disappointed. My first disappointing PF album since  &quot;Ummagumma&quot;
0440219078|4.0|This book is similar to many of the anti-utopias such as Orwell's 1984, Zamyatin's We, and Huxley's Brave New World. This book is targetted more at younger audiences than the other anti-utopias, but it is still a very  interesting book. It is about what life is like when you have escaped from  freedom in the name of happiness. Much like We, the people in this  community of sameness are proud to have surrendered differences and  freedoms, because noone has ever been as consistently happy as them. If you  like The Giver you should definetely also read We and probably some other  dystopias as well.
B000001FE0|5.0|Reminds me of David Bowie's first album except with a more old English style sound.
B0000065PD|5.0|When I first saw this movie I saw it on video and was very disapointed  that I missed the theatrical release. I truely enjoyed this film. I  purchsed the video right away. Sometime later I found the VHS Widescreen  Special Edition version and was amazed. I love the extra scenes. The extras  should have been left in the theatrical release. Especially the scene where  COL. O Neil (Kurt Russell) is looking at the petrified remains that were  buried under the Stargate. He knows when they are going through the  Stargate that they may run into something.<br />One scene I didn't like was  the &quot;Tastes like chicken&quot; scene. They could have come up with  something better than that.<br />Otherwise a full 5 Stars for Stargate!
078062582X|2.0|I don't see how Demi Moore remains a huge movie star. This movie, like 90%  of all her movies, is almost unwatchable. It's boring, very unfunny, and  not worth the effort to sit through. Avoid it.
B00004STPT|5.0|Gladiator was and amazing film with a good range of emotions.  The score is no less it is very haunting and will be played repeatedly by its listeners.  It has a lot of surprises in it because I didn't expect so much  emotion from a score for a movie called Gladiator.  Although, it does have  one of the best battle themes I've heard in a while. &quot;The might of  Rome&quot;  evokes the greatness of that time in a magnificent way.  the  last three tracks &quot;Elysium, Honor Him, and Now We Are Free&quot; are  amazingly moving and make you think of honor and love.  &quot;Earth and  Sorrow&quot; are the most deeply moving pieces because they bring through  emotions with subtley and grace.  overall this score is phenomenoal in  every way and is very inpressive work from Hans Zimmer and Lisa Gerrard. I  think it needed a remorseful love theme for Maximius and Lucilla, but one  cannot have everything. Maybe...if it got another volume!
B00004TL21|5.0|The deftones are a true band with such devotion to their music.  In &quot;White Pony&quot;, you get all sorts of vibes, variety, and callaboration to their sound.  They combine punk, hard rock, and even acidy  sounds that can only be thought of in one's own head. &quot;Change (in the  house of flys&quot;,) is just another unique track on this album, that  reminds us how much The Deftones need to be recognized.  Buy this album, it  rocks!
0520215850|5.0|I could'nt put this one down.  It is an action packed epic.  I was actually sorry that I did'nt get the unabridged version because I wanted to continue reading even after I was finished.  The characters are well  developed and the plots are interwoven to make everything flow together in  a very exciting way.  Try it!
B00004TL21|5.0|The deftones are a true band with such devotion to their music.  In &quot;White Pony&quot;, you get all sorts of vibes, variety, and callaboration to their sound.  They combine punk, hard rock, and even acidy  sounds that can only be thought of in one's own head. &quot;Change (in the  house of flys&quot;,) is just another unique track on this album, that  reminds us how much The Deftones need to be recognized.  Buy this album, it  rocks!
B00002Z88D|5.0|With a mixture of hard rock &amp; soft lyrics this would have to be the best Metalica album i have listened to. The mixture of the orchestra &amp; the hevy rock sounds is superb.
6300213714|5.0|A movie that has action, suspense and romance. It'll give you a backtrip  to the late 70's as you'll see how The Warriors fight their way to get back  home. It has so many gangs, that you'll pick 2 or 3 gangs as your  favorites!  <br />For anyone who wants to know how the 70's were at that time,  this is the one for to have. <br />If you like to see a movie that deals with  loyalty, courage and integrity, GO FOR IT! Because this movie, delivers.     <br />The soundtrack is a must have (If you saw or own the movie, of course)  because it has all the  original songs, and specially, The Theme From 'The  Warriors' by Barry de Vorzon. <br />CAN YOU DIG IT!
6305892946|4.0|Scream 3 is better than the 2nd of the three movies, and has an excellent cast.  David Arquette, Neve Campbell, Courtney Cox, Patrick Dempsey, Jenny McCarthy, Lars Henrickson, just to name a few.  There are a lot of twists  and turns in this one.  Wes Craven certainly knows how to do this type of  movie the right way.  If you enjoyed the first two Scream Movies, dont miss  this!  Its fun, its hip and its scary.  Check it out!
0790734850|5.0|This is one of the best movies, perhaps the best, of the past five years.  There are only a few movies which are interesting enough to watch more than once (unless you've got plenty of time on your hands).  This is one of them  (no matter how precious your time).  James Ellroy's dialog is cutting, as  always, and his characters sharp; these characters are all real people,  believable and authentic for the era.  They are not stylized and idealized  Hollywood &quot;good-guys&quot; and &quot;bad-guys&quot;.  They can be bad,  but are interesting and (at least regarding the three leads), sympathetic.   No Hollywood political-correctness or revisionist history here.  James  Ellroy knows the L.A. of 1953 and spits it out perfect.  Russell Crowe (who  was awesome in the Australian movie, Romper Stomper, which led to his  discovery for this role) is absolutely perfect as a tough guy LA cop of the  early 50's.  Guy Pearce is perfect as Ed Exley.  Kevin Spacey is at his  best and Kim Bassinger is the right cast for the Veronica Lake part.  There  is nothing bad to say about this film -- every second is perfect.  Of  course, the ultimate credit goes to James Ellroy who wrote the book.  If  you've read any Ellroy, you'll recognize his mark instantly.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Not as good as the first CD, but a must-have for any SLIM SHADY fan. I bought my copy and I LOVE IT...
0380730367|2.0|Dennis Lehane has to lose Bubba, a homicidal maniac with the depth of a cartoon character. And while Lehane may know Boston, it sounds like he's never been beyond Route 128.  No one in Western MA refers to Boston as  'downtown' (as the amputee at the motel does). I'm not a big fan of  detective fiction, but I followed this up with Robert Parker's 'Small  Vices', another detective yarn set in Boston.  I found Parker's book to be  superior in execution and pacing.
630575067X|3.0|The Phantom Menace was a good movie with INCREDIBLE special effects but  lacked things that the original trilogy had. The character development was  preety bd and the plot was hollow it seemed as if George Lucus had sold out  a bit. It will never meet the greatness of the originals but still is  good  movie
0140042520|4.0|The opening pages of the Dharma Bums contain the most inventive, bodacious, interesting prose in Amercian letters. Who else could even dream of weaving St. Therese, compassionate Bhuddist wisdom, democratic, open  road visions, the Mind of God, in a beautiful, fluent rush of prose?  This  is Kerouac, the pure writer!
6305903182|5.0|Scream interduced Sidney Prescott, the victim, who was deoressed about her mother's death the year before.  The next one, she is in collage, and a copycat killer strikes.  By the third one, she's hideing from psychopaths.   This third one has it all, Movie Studios, Carry Fisher, Jay and Silent Bob,  and even the character Randy Meeks returns on a video tape.  I reckomend  this, pluse the other two, to any Horror, Mystery, Suspense, Thriller, and  Comady fan. NOTE:  Watch them in order.
B000001F6T|1.0|About ten years ago, when in the sixth form, I saw at a party (very late at night, and very drunk) Ten Years After ripping through 'I'm Going Home'on the Woodstock film. It was tremendous, so I went to the local  record shop and ordered 'Stonedhenge' as it had been re-released on CD. I  waited for weeks for it, in a state of considerable anticipation, and when  it finally arrived what did I hear? A couple of decent songs, certainly -  Hear Me Calling's infectiously bluesy riff, and Speed Kills' locomtive  rhythmn, both with that trademark sparkling, speedy sound of Alvin Lee's  guitar -  but that was about it. The rest was a patchwork of half-baked  &quot;psychedelic&quot; ideas that probably sounded great in a studio at  three in the morning in 1969, but less so having paid money for them. A  drum version of Three Blind Mice, anybody? A bass solo in part uncannily  reminiscent of the theme tune to Play Away? How about Scoobly-Oobly-Doobob,  a drop of the ever-popular scat singing? A dollop of flaccid jazz-rock  (Woman Trouble) to finish off with?  As an album it could have made a  fairly decent single. I bought it about a decade ago and the tenner it cost  still rankles when I see it on my shelf. Yours for a fiver. Four, then...
0440539811|5.0|I bought this years ago after a friend swore to me that it was one of the greatest things ever written.  The question then remains, after finishing it last night, was it worth the wait and effort?  Sure, I found it highly  fun, a lot of the stuff was hard to follow at first but once you get into  the book (which requires some patience) and just accept everything, the  story become much easier to follow and things start falling into place.  The plot seems to take a backseat to everything else but it seems to focus  on the Illumininati controlling everything for some end that might have to  do with the government, Atlantis, or aliens from outer space.  Or  something.  The characters are fun even if they are more than mouthpieces  for different ideals (the liberal, the skeptic, etc) and some are too smug  for their own good.  The hopping around is extremely disconcerting at first  and is used at some points to just hide a lack of ideas but there are some  parts in here that rank among some of the best stuff I've read, some of it  due to the crisscrossing back and forth among the different narratives.  I  think some people take the book too seriously, I know the authors seem to  postulate the answers to the reality behind everything but to me they don't  seem to be taking themselves all that seriously and while the story isn't  one big joke they do seem to be having some fun here.  But like all great  books it makes you think at parts, even as you're disgusted, bored,  confused or a combination of all three.  Fortunately this was packaged as  three books because I can't imagine reading these separately at all, the  entire novel just blends into itself, with chapers and parts just seeming  like convenient divisions to make life a little easier on the reader.  After a while you'll find yourself devouring it pages at a time.  Highly  recommended, and you don't even need psychedelics to enjoy it fully.
B000001F6T|1.0|About ten years ago, when in the sixth form of a small town in the North East of England, at a party I saw (very late at night, and very drunk) Ten Years After ripping through 'I'm Going Home'on the Woodstock film. It was  tremendous, so I went to the local record shop and ordered 'Stonedhenge' as  it had been re-released on CD. I waited for weeks for it, in a state of  considerable anticipation, and when it finally arrived what did I hear? A  couple of decent songs - Hear Me Calling's infectiously bluesy riff, and  Speed Kills' locomtive rhythmn, both with that trademark sparkling, speedy  sound of Alvin Lee's guitar -   but that was about it. The rest was a  patchwork of half-baked &quot;psychedelic&quot; ideas that probably sounded  great in a studio at three in the morning in 1969. A drum version of Three  Blind Mice, anybody? A bass solo in part uncannily reminiscent of the theme  tune to Play Away? How about Scoobly-Oobly-Doobob, a drop of the  ever-popular scat singing? A dollop of flaccid jazz-rock (Woman Trouble) to  finish off with?   As an album it could have made a fairly decent single. I  bought it about a decade ago and the tenner it cost still rankles when I  see it on my shelf. Yours for a fiver. Four, then...
B00004THAY|3.0|While any collaboration between these two garners considerable attention, I am somehow left with the feeling that it could have better.  Key to Highway, a classic blues tune known to most, if not all, who are familiar  with Clapton and BB, is soulful and arresting, but some of the other  selections are arcane and with most arrangements decent, if not  predictable.  Definitely worth your money but not the best money can buy.   Three o' Clock blues alone is worth the price of admission. Go for it but  don't expect too much.
B00004U2EZ|5.0|This is the first CD I bought from the three Notre Dameversions. It has since become my favorite highlights/concept album ofany musical I have ever heard. While some people tend to say that the songs are performed not as emotionally here as on the Live version, I just can't say that for Noa and Garou, who are absolutely amazing here. Noa is by far the best Esmeralda I have heard. Most of the other performances are flawlessly perfect in only the studio-recording kind of way. (Although I have to say I think Daniel Lavoie and Patrick Fiori gave better perfomances on the Live version).<br />I guess you should buy the live album: it's complete and the performances are mostly outstanding. But I can't help recommending this one just as much. I was very disappointed with the Esmeralda on the live version, while after one and a half years of owning this, I still can't stop listening to Noa's Esmeralda.
6305311463|2.0|Because I'm a collector of the Criterion DVD series, I felt  &quot;obligated&quot; to buy this release.  Even after watching both discs  (the film disc + the supplement disc), I still cannot understand why  Criterion would pick this particular film out of the thousands of classic  movies that are available worldwide and which are infinitely better than  this drivel.  I will admit that the movie does have some suspense and the  special effects are fantastic.  But the movie is bogged down by glaring  script errors, predictable plot, unnecessary vulgarity, and some downright  terrible acting (and in Liv Tyler's case, complete lack of acting talent).   The added footage doesn't help...it just makes the whole miserable thing  longer!  The commentary tracks are interesting, but not spectacular or  particularly eye-opening.  The booklet that is enclosed with the DVD  contains an essay by Jeanine Basinger, director Michael Bay's former Film  Studies Professor at Wesleyan Univerasity.  How she gushes on about the  film is a definite sign that she probably hasn't seen the movie herself and  that she must have been paid a hefty sum for writing that saccharine.   As  far as the Criterion &quot;extras&quot; are concerned, you shouldn't really  bother unless you're an ardent film buff whose life is dedicated to movies  in every way or a Criterion series collector.  The material is very good  and interesting (with a couple of exceptions), but once you've seen it,  it's enough.  The famous gag reel earns its name well: not only is it  unfunny, but it's outrageously vulgar (I'm no prude, but must one be so  filthy so much of the time?!), and reinforces the fact that many of today's  movie &quot;stars&quot; don't know the meaning of the word.  One look at  the compilation of deleted scenes and you'll clearly know why they were  deleted.  The segments on visual effects, storyboards, and production  design are excellent and definitely up to usual first-rate Criterion  standards.  Movietheater trailers and TV ads are included, and they're an  interesting diversion but nothing more.  The Aerosmith music video &quot;I  Don't Want To Miss A Thing&quot; is included, and is definitely better  heard than seen.  In summary, if you *must* have Armageddon on DVD, I'd  suggest the standard edition:  it's shorter (you can thank me later) and it  costs a lot less.  But if you think long enough, you'll easily come up with  dozens of movies that are much worthier of your time and money.
B00000DGUG|5.0|Wow!Make no mistake people,this is one hell of an album!If you expect another Jagged Little Pill though you'll be hugely dissapointed.Not because this isn't as good,in many ways it's even better,but because it is SO  different.This is such a powerfull album,the kind that demands your full  attention in order for you to understand.The fact that Supposed Former  Infatuation Junkie didn't do that great at the Billboard charts shouldn't  disscourage you from buying this album.It isn't the kind of album that  sells like pancakes,but it is the kind that sets new standards in music and  becomes a modern classic.Well done Alanis,can't wait for the next one
0780020685|5.0|I'm technically not a samurai movie fan.  The topic always seemed much too foreign for me to understand, and I've always had no desire whatsoever of seeing such a movie.  But after reading all the superlative reviews about  this film on this site and elsewhere, I decided to plunk down $30 and buy  myself a samurai movie.  And am I ever glad I did!  Seven Samurai  absolutely blew me away with its wonderful imagery and its lively  story-telling.  Despite clocking in at a lengthy 207 minutes, the story  never drags and there's never a dull moment (there is an intermission  halfway through, so plan your bathroom break for then...you *really* won't  want to miss anything).  The story is simple but told with such grace and  perfection.  It has all the necessary elements of a great classic movie:   drama, violence, romance, and even comedy!  Director Akira Kurosawa really  brings forth a ton of emotion with this movie, and it's absolutely  unforgettable.  The battle scenes will have you on the edge of your seat  without all the graphic gore that's too common in today's films.  But the  movie is actually much more than battles: it's about the sacrifices some  people make for others and how life isn't always fair.  There's a lot of  psychology in this film.  Before you know it, you can't help but love and  admire these seven samurai.  This purchase was also my first Criterion  Collection DVD, with which I'm also very impressed.  The restoration was  marvelously executed and the resulting print is crisp and clear; other than  for being in black and white, you'd never guess it was made in 1954.  The  optional English subtitles are easy to read and benefit from a modern  vocabulary and phraseology.  The audio commentary from Japanese film expert  Michael Jeck is extremely enlightening and informative. Not only does he  explain Kurosawa's direction and scene/angle/lighting selections, but he  also provides some historical background that helps &quot;flesh&quot; out  the story for those of us who are unfamiliar with samurai films and  Japanese history.  A very worthy purchase.  Get this one before it goes out  of print!
6305903182|5.0|Scream 3 is the best Scream sequel. It's way better than Scream 2, but it's no better than the classic Scream. This film is frightful, scary, and non-stop fun for horror fans. Of course Scream 3 and Scream are a lot  alike, and are the best.
0804106304|4.0|I loved reading Amy Tan's The Joy Luck Club. It chronicles the lives of four Chinese mothers and their four American daughters. Tan explores the mother-daughter relationship with a backdrop of Chinese culture and  traditions. All of the women have different struggles and lives, but they  are joined by an undeniable heritage and hope for the future. The Joy Luck  Club is a heartwarming book and a great find for anyone who is interested  in learning about the Chinese culture or struggles with embracing their  past. My only caution is that it is not a fast-moving book crammed with  plot, but it relies on flashbacks and the memories of the women.
B000002C2E|5.0|Accuse me of heresy if you will but this is the mans best album. Every time I listen to it my mind i blown again. The solid rythem section. The powerfull keybord and guitar. The incredible personal lyrics. And most  importantly the voice. You automaticly belive him when he tells you he's  'sick of love'. The whole album swirls and groves for over an hour, and  when its done, you wish it would have gone on longer.
B00000JQFM|5.0|Rivaled only by Steve Vai's Passion and Warfare (to which it is often compared) as the best solo guitar album ever, this cd is absolutely essential to all fan's of shredding, and great guitar playing period. Satch  Boogie is one of the best solos I've ever heard. Also, the title track,  Always With Me..., Echo, Lords of Kharma, and other tracks on here are  totally killer. If you want to get into Joe's music, then this is  undoubtedly the best place to start.
0440219078|5.0|This book was awesome! If you liked the Matrix, you'll love this. The time where no weather, disease, or starvation can harm you, young Jonas is faced with a difficult challenge.  His decision will decide the future of the  world.  You must read it to find out, and it is worth it to wait.  Trust  me, best book you'll ever read.
B00000163G|5.0|A true masterpiece of the greatest raper/actor of all times. Inmy opinion only his Makaveli: the 7 day theorie-CD is slightlybetter.
B00003Q43A|4.0|ID4 delivers the fun.You can still get the &quot;summer blockbuster&quot;  goosebumps watching it again. Only the the most ardent fans will pick out  the 9 min. of additional footage, until you view the theatrical version.  The supplements were good. And a nice interface for the menus also. A  &quot;must have&quot; for all Sci-Fi fans
B00004SCX6|4.0|A more mature Britney. The title track &quot;Oops!.. I did it again&quot; is my favorite song. I like this CD better than her first album ...&quot;baby one more time&quot;.
0767903854|5.0|In a Sunburned Country, or &quot;Down Under&quot; as it is marketed in Australia, is a funny, affectionate look at the country, people and habits.<br />As an Australian, I was surprised to learn a few things about  &quot;my country&quot;.  A light-hearted leap across a continent that makes  you feel good about yourself, humanity, life.<br />Into the  &quot;big&quot;?watch out for the Giant Pineapple, Banana and Lobster, not  to mention the worms.<br />Definitely one for anyone interested in  Australia.<br />Enjoy!
6305903182|4.0|Scream 3 is the perfect bookend to a flawed series, but I'm not here to review the movie, just the DVD.  <br />There are quite a few special features . . the outtakes are especially hilarious, but I was most disappointed that  my copy did not have the CREED music video nor the cast &amp; crew bios.   The back of the DVD case claims to have these special features, and I'm  sure I could live without them, but it's the principle.
B00004T9UF|5.0|I knew that Eminems new cd, the Marshall Mathers LP, had to be good but I never expected it to be as good as it turned out to be. This album is totally amazing, every song on it is incredibly great or at least good. I  recommend this cd to anyone who already owns the Slim Shady LP and also to  anyone that loves hip hop.
0807281190|4.0|I had already READ the Sorcerer's Stone, so I thought I knew the plot line and the overall story.  However, listening to the book is a very different experience than reading the book.  For one, there are those  &quot;proper&quot; English pronounciations that my eye interpreted  differently for my ear (It's not &quot;Hay-grid&quot;, but  &quot;Hah-grid&quot;), and the audio corrected. Secondly, Dale's  interpretation of Hermione's voice also gave me a different slant on her,  as it did on other characters.  He often had characters say Harry's name  &quot;Ha-reeeeeeeee&quot;, which somehow came across as much more British  than my American idea of how to address him.  It is through listening to  the audiobook that you begin to appreciate how these books are perhaps  slightly to certainly better when read aloud, especially with a masterful  story-teller like Dale.  I happened to like Chamber of Secrets better (both  print and audio) than Socerer's Stone, but part of that could be that the  first book spends a lot of time setting the stage and introducing the  characters.  The real action comes later.  Still, Dale seemed to enjoy  reading the second book better than the first.  OVerall, I recommend that  you get the audiobook and add it to your ever-growing Potter library.   Better to buy the tape than the ensuing paraphrenalia that will soon be  robbing our wallets. Dale IS truly Jim Dandy in his character  portrayals!<br />Oh, if long car trip is in your future and you don't plan to  get there by magic, listen to the audiotape to while away the time!  That's  what we did,and it worked like a charm (or was that a spell?)
6305810109|4.0|It's a journey of the soul as a man goes home in his heart, in this  dramatization of the true story of Alvin Straight, who drove a lawn mower  over three-hundred miles through the state of Iowa and into Wisconsin, to  see his brother, a stroke victim with whom he had not spoken for ten years.   \\"The Straight Story,\\" directed by David Lynch, recounts the story of Alvin  (Richard Farnsworth), who set out to see his brother, Lyle (Harry Dean  Stanton), upon hearing of his stroke.  Alvin is prevented from driving   because of poor eyesight, and he won't take a bus because he doesn't trust  another's driving.  A widower who lives with his daughter, Rose (Sissy  Spacek), Alvin, not a man of means, resorts to the only way he knows how,  to get to Lyle.  He needs to put the bad blood behind them before it's too  late; an estrangement born of \\"anger and pride.\\"  Hauling a make-shift  trailer, and with three five-gallon cans of gas and a cooler full of hot  dogs, Alvin sets out, alone and determined, on his lawn mower.  Now in the  twilight of his life, having learned to \\"separate the wheat from the  chaff,\\" the trip affords Alvin plenty of time to reflect on his life, and  steels him in his quest to do what he feels he has to do. Along the way he  befriends and is befriended by the strangers he encounters; a testimony to  the bountifulness of the human spirit.  When a young man asks him what the  worst thing is about being old, he replies, \\"Remembering when you were  young.\\"  Richard Farnsworth gives the performance of a lifetime as  Alvin, this stubborn, prideful man, who has learned humility with age, and  you can see the wisdom of his years in his eyes.  Farnsworth connects with  the audience from the beginning, aptly conveying the yearning of a soul in  need of atonement, and the determination of the man to effect his amends.   Sissy Spacek, also, gives a terrifically nuanced performance as Rose, the  \\"slow\\" daughter who lives daily with demons of her own.  That the members  of the Academy failed to nominate her for best-supporting actress for her  work here is nothing short of criminal; her Rose is a beautiful piece of  work.  David Lynch, as well, has done a remarkable job of bringing Alvin's  story to the screen.  He has woven a rich visual and emotional tapestry,  all poignantly delivered with a gentle hand.  Beautifully photographed, the  lush vistas of the Midwest reflect Alvin's state of mind, underscoring the  deeper meanings of what is really a spiritual journey, during which the  past mingles with the present.  Lynch has taken a wistful, almost poetic  approach throughout, which, together with the story is reminiscent of  Ingmar Bergman's \\"Wild Strawberries.\\"  The scene in which Alvin finally  meets up with Lyle is perfectly and touchingly executed, and is one of the  most memorable scenes in the movie.    The supporting cast includes  James Cada (Danny), Everett McGill (Tom), Barbara E. Robertson (Deer  Woman), John Farley (Thorvald), and Kevin P. Farley (Harold).  With an  artistic hand, Lynch has crafted an unforgettable film.  \\"The Straight  Story\\" is Alvin's story, but the journey belongs to us; a reminder of what  is really important in life, and the needs we all share at one time or  another.  It's an entertaining movie that will touch you and make you  think, as well; and as far as I'm concerned, that's about as good as it  gets.
B00000IBRX|1.0|This is a terrible movie. Every scene is about five minutes too long, so  by the end you are left restless and bored. The acting is too restrained to  be called good, and only adds to the overwhelming sense of boredom this  movie creates. The visuals are sometimes beautiful, often overdone, never  really necessary, and most of the time not even very interesting. Robin  Williams and Annabella Sciorra are supposed to be soul mates, but there is  nothing special about their relationship to make you think that it can last  other than the script constantly reminding us (especially considering that  she's a manic depressive and always moody). Their existence is supposed to  have been sublime - but as I said, nothing about it seems worthy of the  title. The children (who die early on), were apparently so neglected and  felt so unloved by their parents that when they died they decided to be  other people whom they believe their father really did love or admire. (By  the way, those &quot;plot&quot; twists do not even manage to be passingly  interesting, only confusing and reminders that this movie will never end)  None of them are even likeable, the restrained performances do not help and  only increase your lack of involvement or interest in their lives (or  deaths. Whatever). This movie wanted to be good, god knows it tries  desperately - but in the end it is one cliched mess after one overly long  scene after yet another pointless flashback (as I said, the script has to  remind us that their love was perfect since we get no sense of it on our  own). Please, please, please do not see this movie!
B00000JCOV|2.0|I think it's rather 'trick or treat' instead of 'wait and bleed'. It's alot of fast mumbling (throughout the whole album) with weak guitars. It does have nice drums though. But it's just another imitation of Limp  Bizkit, KoRn, Deftones and Static-X together in one band. No originality,  just faster and more mumbling.
B000002J0B|5.0|Worried about buying Houses because you have heard &quot;it doesn't rock&quot; and you don't hear much about this album?  Well, you don't hear much about it because it is nestled between Zoso and Physical Graffiti, but  this album is amazing.  If Led had added 3 or 4 more tracks to this album  it could have been their best.  Every song with the exception of &quot;The  Crunge&quot; is inspired.  Other point: this album does rock, Over the  Hills and Far Away definetely has an edge as does the funky Bonham driven  &quot;The Ocean&quot;.  The Song Remains the Same is also a great song, a  bit dreamy.  The Rain Song is beautiful.  If you get to like it go buy  &quot;The Song Remains the Same&quot;-it has a great live version.  Peace  out.
0780626966|5.0|This box set is DEFINITLY a must own for any true Freddy fan.  it offers  all the movies plus some scenes previously unreleased, all of the music  vieos, tons of interviews, and lots of t.v. spots, plus lots more stuff.   The 3-D is kinda cool, but it could be better, also you only get one pair  of glasses, but it's just the red and blue ones so they aren't that hard to  come by.  the bonus disc is pretty cool, that's where most of the extra  stuff is found, and it is sorta like a game, so it's fun and interactive at  the same time.  I was hoping part 5 would be the origional uncut one, but  it was just the same one that was released in the theater.  Any ways I  highly recomend this to anyone it is well worth the money, hopfully friday  the 13th will do the same thing really soon.
0800116917|5.0|This is THE greatest film of all time. It is simply amazing and nothing  short of breathtaking! Wonderful cinematography, haunting music and  dazzling performences. This film has influenced many modern films that work  in its shadow. Again, this is THE GREATEST film of all time!!!!!!!
B00004TLMC|4.0|As a dreamlike and allegorical film, this is very good.  However, I was ultimately disappointed by several flaws, and I regret to say that Kubrick's last film was not up to the standard of his earlier  achievements.<br />The themes of the film are timeless:  unbridled sexuality  vs. marriage, reality vs. illusion, and self-exploration.  I believe one of  the reasons for the bad press and widespread rejection of the film was that  the contemporary setting did not match the pre-modern sensibilities which  permeated the story.  A friend of Kubrick wrote an interesting essay in  Vanity Fair comparing Eyes Wide Shut to Mozart's operas, namely Don  Giovanni and The Magic Flute.  He recognized that it is much easier to view  the film from the perspective of Romanticism or fairy-tale convention than  the modern perspective from which almost all films are viewed today.  The  orgy scene is not at all erotic, but rather a magical ritual where the  participants confront their inner evil.  The protagonists do appear to  resolve their conflicts and emerge with renewed hope.  In contrast to  Kubrick's earlier works, where humanity is generally portrayed as brutal,  petty, and incapable of true self-knowledge, Eyes Wide Shut affirms the  human potential for redemption.<br />This more optimistic message was not what  I disliked about this movie, though.  In my opinion, casting Kidman and  Cruise was, despite their talents, a bad choice, as it set the audience up  for a normal Hollywood experience, and trivialized their characters, just  as Jack Nicholson did when cast in The Shining.  I found that the minor  characters were much more interesting to watch.  Also, I simply could not  swallow the final scene.  After being dragged through very slow and dormant  scenes in the last forty minutes, having a snappy, zero-tension ending (and  in a department store, of all places!) was almost an insult.  Once again, I  do not object to the optimism of the ending, just the way in which it wascarried out.  Kubrick has in the past always created brilliant, often  transcendent, final scenes, but this was inferior.
B00001QEE6|5.0|It goes without saying that this is a classic! The thing that impressed me  most about this DVD was the Dolby Digital 5.1!!! That brought this timeless  movie to a whole new level! Disney should make this feature standard on all  their DVD releases. I recently purchased Disney's Robin Hood, I really miss  the sound I received from Lady and the Tramp. Robin hood is in  &quot;Mono/Dolby 1.0&quot; I would highly recommend this DVD as one of the  best.
B000002J1U|5.0|my favorite Zep album.  Acoustic beauty and throbbing rock.  Can enough be said about Immigrant Song or Tangerine?  Gallow's Pole is classic.  Lost track that should have been on this album is Hey Hey What Can I Do.-buy it  as a single, great song.
6305892946|3.0|this movie was funny and scary but at times i foudn the writing very lax and over the top with satire.  This movies was good but it was obvisolsy the weakers in the series.  It didn't have the serious satire of the first  one and the darkness of the second.  but more of an unsucessly mix.  The  movie is still good but i expected a bit more and the ending trying not to  spoil too much left me wanting more.  Bottom line very good movie but  weakest in series
0385006896|5.0|Back in 1930, Doubleday published all the Holmes stories in a two volume set as a memorial to Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, who had just died. I assume this volume is a reprint of that memorial edition.  I read all the Holmes  stories as a child and have revisited them again and again as an adult.  The stories are generally engaging, well crafted, and satisfying.<br />Watson,  Holmes' Boswell, is an excellent story teller and a good, solid man of  action, someone you'd want at your side in a difficult situation.  His  intellect is good, although not of the first magnitude.  Holmes does not  cut as pleasing a figure.  Although he is vain, arrogant, and just a little  strange, his powers of observation, superb application of logic to the  detection of crime, and many other talents (boxing, fencing, chemistry,  etc.) make you willing to forget his vanity.  As a state prosecutor who  sometimes becomes involved in the detection of crime, I have had occasion  to apply some of his maxims of crime detection.  My favorite, and one which  has served me well over the years goes something like this: &quot;When you  eliminate the impossible, then whatever is left, no matter how improbable,  is what must have happened.&quot;<br />Doyle really didn't like writing  Sherlock Holmes, so he peremptorily killed Holmes off halfway through the  series.  The resulting clamor from Holmes' fans was so great that after a  hiatus of several years, Doyle began to publish &quot;reminisences&quot; of  cases Holmes worked before his death.  Eventually, in &quot;The Return of  Sherlock Holmes&quot; we discover that Holmes really survived the attempt  on his life and was merely &quot;laying low&quot; for a time.  The  adventures resume, but the quality of writing after his return was never  the same.  Some wit observed that Holmes may have survived the attempt on  his life, but he was never quite the same afterwards.<br />Even when Holmes is  not at his best, he's quite good enough to outdo any of the modern mystery  detectives.  Those who may come closest to him are Dashiel Hammet's  Continental Op, Randall Garrett's Lord Darcy, and John Mortimer's Horace  Rumpole.odern mystery  detectives.  Those who may come closest to him are Dashiel Hammet's  Continental Op, Randall Garrett's Lord Darcy, and John Mortimer's Horace  Rumpole.
B00004U30D|4.0|This movie shows much of what's wrong with America:  alienation, sexual hypocrisy, obsessive careerism, homophobia, the failure of our drug war, and more.  Kevin Spacey is once again excellent, and Annette Benning, who I  don't think I have seen before, was remarkable.  All of the characters are  to some degree stereotypes, but the actors are usually successful at going  beyond them.  I can't give this 5 stars because the tone, a mix of  satirical comedy and intense emotional drama, didn't quite work, and  because much of the material was lifted from older works such as Lolita.   It succeeds at showing us some of the rotten core of American life, but it  isn't a great contribution to art.
0451160916|5.0|Usually, I avoid giving popular authors shining reviews (pun intended) unless their work REALLY deserves it. I figure, what the heck- they have enough people flocking around them. They could use a good criticism. So,  with this in mind, I took an excursion into the dark and eerie world of  five-year-old Daniel Torrence in King's &quot;The Shining&quot;. And  instead of coming away full of tips on how he could better his writing, I  find myself amazed by it.<br />King is, as so many reviews before me have  plainly stated, a true master of the horror genre, and &quot;The  Shining&quot; stands right up there among the best in horrific fiction.  It's about a young boy who posesses a sort of telepathic power; a  clairvoyence called &quot;The Shining&quot;. he can read minds (although  not always understand what he is reading) and see into the future with the  aid of an imaginary friend named Tony. When Danny's father accepts an offer  to be a hotel caretaker for the famous Overlook hotel in the Colorado  rockies, Danny is catapulted into a world of terror. For, it seems, the  Overlook has it's own nasty history and is more than eager to put Danny and  his family in it's macabre lexicon.<br />Read this book. It is a true gem.
B000005L86|5.0|This disc is quite possibly the most spiritual reggae album I've experienced.  Truly magical.  The essense of reggae and dub.
B00000ILE6|5.0|\\"I got readings! I got readings front and behind!\\"<br /> There is little doubt what my personal favorite movie of 1986 is, and if you're reading this it should be pretty obvious. James Cameron's Aliens was such a  departure from Ridley Scott's 1979 Alien in that it was a wholly different  film. In its essence Alien was a haunted house in space, whereas Aliens was  an action thriller, with both thriving on the one thing that scares us most  - fear of the unknown. Scott did this by providing us with the house, in  the case, the USCSS Nostromo, and the haunt- the Alien, the preceded to  scare the hell out of us with it. In Aliens Cameron ups the ante- this time  there are several aliens and the humans have guns. As the trailer said-  \\"This time it's war!\\"<br /> \\"We're on an express elevator to hell: Goin'  down!\\"<br /> Aliens takes up where Alien left off with Warrant Officer  Ellen Ripley (Sigourney Weaver) in hypersleep aboard the escape shuttle,  Narcisis, who has been adrift for fifty-seven years. Rescued by a  deep-space salvage team she is returned to Earth where she meets Carter  Burke (Paul Reiser), an executive with Wayland-Yutani, the company that  sent the Nostromo to investigate the derelict alien craft in the first all  those years ago. It's Burke's job to see that Ripley adjusts well to her  new environment before throwing her at the mercy of the board of executives  for her to explain why she blew up their expensive ship. Demanding an  explanation, Ripley learns that the planet the crew of the Nostromo found  the ship has been colonized and that the colonists found nothing.<br />  \\"We've lost contact with the colonists on LV-426.\\"<br /> Dispatched with  the US Colonial Marine Corps aboard the space battleship Sulaco, Ripley  finds herself thrust back into her original nightmare against the creatures  that slaughtered her crew. The colony has been wiped out and the colonists  missing, all the while the marines are finding more and more evidence that  backs up Ripley's original claim. And when the marines locate the  colonists, all of whom are dead having served as hosts for new aliens,  Ripley gains their respect when she singlehandedly rescues them. Weaver  received an Academy Award nomination for her role as Ripley, but as we all  know, science fiction movies never win non-technical awards. She gains the  attention of Corporal Dwayne Hicks (Michael Biehn), but being competent,  and the later the respect of the surviving marines.<br /> \\"Newt, wake up,  we're in trouble!\\"<br /> Cameron expertly builds tension through out the  film as the humans realize they are fighting a losing battle against their  alien antagonizers. It becomes much more than a monster movie where the  creatures pick off members of the cast one at a time until there are only a  few left since most of the marines are killed in the debacle in the  atmosphere processor. Instead, Cameron relies on things that go bump in the  night, such as the sequence where Ripley wakes up after some much needed  sleep only to discover that the traitoress Burke has placed two face hugger  parasites in the room. As they scuttle about unseen, Ripley and Newt  (Carrie Heine) must find away to escape. Cameron also makes good use of  lighting in the film wherein he changes the look of his sets simply by  changing his light sources.<br /> \\"Let's rock!\\"<br /> Most importantly  the pace of the film is unrelenting, and I personally feel this is his best  work.(Yeah, yeah, `Titanic'? Who cares.) I remember how I felt after I saw  the film on opening night during a warm June evening in 1986, I was so  pumped with adrenaline that I could hardly keep still. I welcomed the  nightmares, because I knew James Cameron was directing them. What is  striking about this film is its technical brilliance which lends itself to  every aspect of the movie- sets, special effects, characters, and  atmosphere. Made at a time when films were beginning to creep into the  stratospheric budget range, Cameron pulled Aliens together for $18 million,  but considering how good the film looks, it comes across as being much more  expensive than it really was. I also wish he would return to this style of  film making, because the Aliens/Terminator stuff is what he's best at.<br />  \\"I say we dust off and nuke the site from orbit- it's the only way to be  sure.\\"
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Killer to hear new Maiden. It's been a while. This album completely rocks. It is true Maiden at a highten maturity levell. I'm a thirty year old metal fan from Tampa. When I was a kid we used to jam to local garage bands like  Nasty Savage and Savatage. Watching Groups like Maiden and Metallica grow  and go through all the changes good long running bands do is awesome. This  album is all there. Classic Maiden with obvious years of experince behind  them. I don't think this one was forced by contract, from start to finish  it's well composed and everything fits true Maiden form. The only thing  missing is the cover art. It's good to see Eddie again, but he looks alot  better on my &quot;Aces High&quot; picture disk. If any Maiden fans out  there have a copy of Purgitory, I'm a player. Buy this cd, put all knobs to  the right and be ready to have Eddie knock your living room down, pick you  up and fly around the world like Number of the Beast did.
0812550757|4.0|The first 100 pages or so was a lot of information but not much was happening.  But things do pick up and the book becomes really good.  A good followup to Ender's Game.
B000002ADT|5.0|This should be the one... Of course, if you own this one and Sketches of Spain - you have a better starters collection. Not that I recommend ANYONE have less than two jazz CD's.<br />I love many jazz albums and there are many  masterpieces but this one still sticks out as my favorite.  When I don't  think it's my favorite, I put it back in, and my mind is once again  changed.  Kind of Blue set the standard for all jazz recordings to follow.   It revolutionized the way jazz is performed and jazz that is released today  still feels its amazing influence.  This CD is absolute perfection and  influenced jazz as much as the Beatles Rubber Soul influenced rock and pop.  It took the music to a completely different level.  Very few musicians will  deny its influence - both jazz and rock musicians.  The playing is  outstanding - Miles is at the top of his game, as are Cannonball Adderly  and John Coltrane - just listen to the first four minutes of So What and  you will see exactly what I mean.  Two brilliant pianists, Bill Evans and  Wynton Kelly add the beautiful flourishes and Cobb keeps the rhythm moving  along with Paul Chambers.  If you say you don't like jazz, I dare you to  listen to this album and not change your mind.  It is pure brilliance.
B000002KBU|5.0|what an inspiration 2 listen 2. the songwriting is just about perfect, her voice watery as the lakes-clear and crystal-and the lyrics-something great 2 find w/each and every listen. whether it's about giving up her daughter 4  adoption in 'little green', realizing how everyone else is happy and u just  want 2 stay inside cause u don't feel like going outside in 'river', or  your relationship has gone sour but the love and longing hasn't in 'a case  of you', this is just all top stuff. she must have really gone thru some  turmoil 2 release an album this out-there emotionally. whether she says it  directly or not, she hits emotion right on the head. and she has such a way  w/words that u can see what she's talking about; not just listening 2 what  she's saying, but u are there w/her.
B00004UFYU|5.0|I bought this album in my country (Argentina) and all the songs like me, specially the N2 &quot;Divano&quot; and the N6 &quot;Infanati&quot;, because the have a good rythm. Exceptional the percussion and electric  guitar in the most of the songs.
0312853238|5.0|I really enjoyed this book.  This is the first Orson Scott Card book I have read.  He does a good job of explaining Ender's (the main character) feeling and wishes.  Card also did a good job explaining the battle games!   I recommend this book to all SciFi readers.  GREAT!
B00003Q43A|1.0|I just bought this DVD and I have since found out that it will not play in  a toshiba 3108 dvd player what a huge dissapointment!
B000002L68|5.0|it's not hard 2 understand why this album was so popular (having just looked at the r.i.a.a. certification-this stands at 13 million sold)-it's quirky as hell, yet so catchy as hell.'let's go crazy' has the oddest song  structure i've ever heard-an orgasmic guitar solo at the END of the  song-;'take me w/u' is a cool, catchy acoustic-based song w/a great  sentiment lyrically;'beautiful ones' builds 2 that dramatic climax like  it's supposed 2;'computer blue'-another odd song structure;'doves cry'-a  bassless song that brings that linn drum out front; and stuff that worked  better live-'i would die 4 u' and 'baby i'm a star'. but 'purple  rain'-wow...this song is hard 4 me 2 listen 2 because it captures in 8  lines a whole sea of emotions about relationships, etc. such a sad,yet  appropriate climax 2 a brilliant album. one, it's 2 bad that people will  still refer 2 this even now when he's released,what,100 albums since then;  two, there are so many songs he recorded 4 this project and originally he  was 2 have released 3 albums worth of material. we all know that he has the  best unreleased material and one hopes that he will release a 'complete  edition' of purple rain someday. who knows-maybe i'm dreaming. but there  are a lot of other people who feel the same way. although the sound itself  is a bit 80's, the songs will live 4ever. bless u prince, and bless u, linn  drum machine- a marriage made in heaven.
B000002VC3|5.0|This is the first Alan Parsons Project cd I ever bought, so I have nothing to compare it to. I think it's really good and creative. &quot;Sirius&quot; is a stunning instrumental and &quot;Mammagamma&quot; is very  sophisticated, yet enjoyable. My favorite song on the cd though is  &quot;Eye in the Sky&quot;. Out of all of the songs that I've heard by the  Alan Parsons Project, this one still remains my favorite. &quot;Children of  the Moon&quot; sounds like a classic. This is a good place to start for new  fans (like myself) and I would recommend this cd to anyone who likes  creative pop music.
B000002KGT|5.0|Rumours, quite simply, is perhaps the only album ever recorded with no bad tracks.  Every single recording is a superb hit.  I have seen one poll ranking this album among the top three of all time, and the sales  corroborate that opinion.  Fleetwood Mac does not match the Beatles when  their entire bodies of work are compared, but the Beatles never had an  album like Rumours.  You have to at least give them that.
B00004TL21|4.0|Prior to &quot;White Pony&quot;, I had never heard the Deftones before, so this was my first experience with the band.  I was very impressed, but the album could still use a few slight tweaks here and there.  The album starts  out with a bunch of good songs; the first four songs are excellent!  Beyond  this, though, there are a few songs that start to blend together and sound  the same, but overall, you can pay enough attention to the 48 minutes to  absorb the entire album.  This album reminds me of a deeper version of what  the Smashing Pumpkins used to be: a teen angst band.  Good examples include  the tracks &quot;Teenager&quot; and &quot;RX Queen&quot;.  These are two of  the best songs on the album.  Sadly, this album is brought down by it's  utter shortness.  Being only 11 tracks is alright, but only 48 minutes is  dissapointing.  At any rate, if you are a fan of hard music or are an Angst  Teen, or are just looking for a different sound than Nine Inch Nails, The  Offspring, or Kid Rock (blech) this is the place to look.  Seamless mixing,  awesome guitar riffs, and attitude combined with the best of the early  Pumpkins years make this one of the best Rock albums I've heard this year.
B000002KBU|5.0|what an inspiration 2 listen 2. the songwriting is just about perfect, her voice watery as the lakes-clear and crystal-and the lyrics-something great 2 find w/each and every listen. whether it's about giving up her daughter 4  adoption in 'little green', realizing how everyone else is happy and u just  want 2 stay inside cause u don't feel like going outside in 'river', or  your relationship has gone sour but the love and longing hasn't in 'a case  of you', this is just all top stuff. she must have really gone thru some  turmoil 2 release an album this out-there emotionally. whether she says it  directly or not, she hits emotion right on the head.
B00004U45G|5.0|This is a supurb album and an esential purchase for any page or crows fan. Jimmys playing is as good as in his lemon squeezing hey day and the crows are as ever red hot live. It may not be cutting edge but it rocks like  hell.
B00004U8JU|4.0|This should be a DTS/DVD owner's dream come true. Granted this movie isn't an Academy Award winner, nor does it deserve to be. It's for pure fun, and  it preforms that use almost flawlessly. <br />Hollywood, in the past years,  seems to be cranking out the mindless movies more than it use to. 'The  Mummy', 'Anacanda', and 'Lake Placid' are a few of the more recent films.  Some are worse than others. However, 'Jurrasic Park' is a gem in the  category. What else could be more frightening, exciting, and sometimes  humorous than a bunch of dinasaurs chasing humans around a tropical island?  Yeah you all know. Basically every American back in 93 went to the theaters  to see this prehistoric flick. It deservingly held records for all time  attendance untill Titanic took over a few years later.<br />The only flaw to  this film is it must be watched in certain conditions. It needs the digital  sound and the digital quality picture to deliver it's emotions most  effectively. VHS just doesn't serve it justice. Any one that owns a DVD  player, or more specifially anyone that has DTS compatable stereo equipment  should be overwhelmingly excited for this film's October release onto DVD.  For you few DVD owning individuals that haven't seen this film, don't  worry, it's a sure thing and one of the reasons why DVD was invented. On a  scale of movies made for DVD, Jurrasic Park deservingly scores four out of  five stars.
B000006TRV|5.0|I'm not a Pink Floyd fan. But the one album which belongs in every single person's music collection, no matter what that person's taste is, is definitely »The Wall«.<br />It is like one long song, one story, beautifully  and very artistically compiled via a number of shorter masterpieces in  themselves.<br />Describing »The Wall« in words is a task nobody can fulfill.  So just buy it. It belongs in your collection, believe me. 'Cause this is  THE masterpiece of music art. The best album ever released, ever! And I'm  not a Pink Floyd fan...
B000002U9Y|1.0|Stay away from this album. It's awful. The songs are just sounds thrown together.
B000002VC3|5.0|UPDATED 4/6/12<br />EYE IN THE SKY is one of the Project's most commercially successful achievements and one of their most fully realized albums.<br />Parsons and Woolfson returned to their progressive orchestral roots supported by the remarkable arrangements of Andrew Powell.  Along with Woolfson's distinctive vocals, strong lead vocals are generated by Colin Blunstone, Chris Rainbow, Lenny Zakatek, and Elmer Gantry.<br />One of the CD's high points is the marvelous SILENCE AND I, going from its plaintive balladry to an instrumental break Rodgers and Hammerstein would envy.  There's also the elegant vocal texturing of GEMINI, the driving choral strength of CHILDREN OF THE MOON and the touching melancholy of OLD AND WISE.  Oh yes, there's also the big hit title track, with its haunting SIRIUS intro.<br />EYE IN THE SKY is prime APP and sounds just as good thirty years later.
B000002B82|3.0|1991. Back from high school. A quick snack. Switch on telly. MTV. Great rock song - who is that? Waiting for the end caption. Artist Ozzy Osbourne, song No More Tears, album No More Tears. Ozzy Osbourne!  Isn't that that  crazy guy? Is he still alive? <br />Out to the record shop. Buy album. Not  bad. Great rock. Heavyer than most stuff then. But contrasted with Ozzy's  kinda whining voice.<br />The A Side is nearly perfect. Especially the 7:24  minute title track - nearly epic. Other highlights are the opener »Mr  Tinkertrain« and the closer »Road To Nowhere«. But unfortunately »No More  Tears« fades in quality on the B Side, and you start getting enough of  Ozzy's voice.
0380730367|5.0|I have been reading much crime fiction lately &amp; I have to say that Dennis Lehane is a sensational writer. This is my first Lehane novel &amp; I finished it in a couple of hours as I couldn't wait to get to the  ending..it kept me captivated the entire time. <br />Lehane draws the reader  in immediately with his excellent dialogue between the characters and  brilliant openings. He doesn't waste time on details like the colour of  trees etc etc but gets on with the story.<br />I have read many crime fiction  novels lately and when you read something like this, you realise that  everything else you have been reading is quite mediocre.<br />I cannot wait to  get my hands on another Lehane novel!
B00004THAY|4.0|This is an excellent gift for anyone. Seriously. If you have no idea what this person like or if they like all types of music, then get this CD for them. You seriously can't go wrong. Unless they're into polka. Then don't  get this CD. There is no polka on the album.
B00003CWL6|1.0|Best Picture of the year was The Sixth Sense. This movie is garbage. The less intelligent a person is, the more they will like this movie. The more intelligent a person is, the more they will be offended by this movie.
B00000J7J4|5.0|All the tracks on the cd's are excellent, except for 1. You'll love the popular hits like Smooth and Put Your Lights On and you'll REALLY love the ones you don't really hear like the tracks with Dave Matthews and L. Hill.  Plus his solely own tracks are quite good and underrated. Good driving  music.
078401213X|1.0|It is with regret that I have even taken the time to warn you against this  exercise in futility.
6304457383|5.0|Psychologically, this is a thriller, gripping you, making you scream out  loud, making you feel fear when you realize something, making you want to  scream out advice. I was captivated by this one-set feature and I love it  muchly. It truly filled me with fear, as I watched pure evil slither  around. The score is weird, yet beautiful, and I have to laugh at the  simple song that plays at the end &quot;Wait Until Dark&quot;. I truly  loved this, and recommend it.
B00000AFGM|5.0|This album took me some getting used to. At first, I thought it was horrible. I thought, &quot;Nooooooo! How could Manson do this! &quot; But somehow, &quot;User Friendly&quot; got stuck in my head. I listened to it  several times and realized that I liked it. Then I decided that &quot;Great  Big White World&quot; was a good song too. It went on from there until I  actually fell in love with the entire album. I know a lot of Marilyn Manson  fans were disappointed by Mechanical Animals, but I think that the sarcasm,  humor, symbolism, and criticism in it present an even more shocking truth  about our religion and society than Antichrist Superstar did.
B000002H7I|5.0|Owning Tracy Chapman and Telling Stories, I decided to give Crossroads a go. Luckily there are ten songs, so there is an easy way to rate this<br />Crossroads: 10/10. A truly amazing and spiritual track that uses  percussive instruments well and utilizes amazing vocals.<br />Bridges: 8.5/10  A slower track, yet filled with moving guitar and piano, backed with her  obviously stupendous vocals. <br />Freedom Now: 8.5/10 I'm not sure, but I can  see a bunch of guys singing this as they work on the railroad. A fin track,  and it's dedicated to a guy a really like (Nelson Mandela) so let's add a  point to 9.5.<br />Material World: 9/10 This track must have written itself.  Resembling some works on Tracy Chapman, this is an enjoyable song.<br />Be  Careful of My Heart: 10/10 This is one of the most beautiful tracks, with  guitars and heart wrenching vocals.<br />Subcity: 9.5/10 When I read the  lyrics to this song, I thought it would be depressing, but it has a fun  tune and beat.<br />Born To Fight: 9/10 This a tough, spunky song, with lot of  great saxophone. It is really great to sing.<br />A Hundred Years: 8/10  Probably the weakest song on the album, yet still has a catchy tune.<br />This  Time: 10/10 What a beautiful song, that rings true powerfully, and makes me  want to singalong each time.<br />All That You Have is your Soul: 10/10 Like  Be Careful of My Heart, a truly beautiful track.<br />How does it add  up?.....93.5% or a whopping A+ or five star rating!
6305076995|1.0|The sound quality is the same as VHS before the days of Hi-Fi which is  totally unacceptable. Otherwise it would have been a great documentary of  Yes in the &quot;Golden Era&quot; of rock. I had to return it.
B0000022WA|5.0|I can't begin to tell you how much this movie makes the day better. Oh,  all right. Let me explain that. It's the kind of movie that you'd think by  the tenth-thousandth time you'd be sick of. After all there's nothing like  seeing it for ten thousand times... but why not make it ten thousand and  ONE times? &quot;The Parent Trap&quot;, with Hayley Mills in a dual role,  both award-winning, Maureen O'Hara as the busy yet lovable mum, and the  great suave devonair dad played by Brian Keith... a movie to triumph. See  it or else you'll wish you had the chance.
B00003CX6P|2.0|I don't know why.  Usually, I love the psychological thriller type of  movies, but this one I just couldn't stay interested in.  Both Tom and  Dickie just didn't seem real.  Tom just walks up to Dickie on the beach,  and then all of a sudden, their friends.  Then they're fighting.  Yes, I  watched the entire thing, and no, nothing about the ending changed my  opinion of the movie.  I had trouble keeping my attention on this one.  I  suggest you avoid it.
B000002UVX|4.0|This album was thrown together quickly becauseof a legal dispute and some places that is pretty obvious.  The album has got some great songs, 'Machine Gun' being the best.  In fact all the songs written by Jimi are  great.  The two written by Buddy Miles are good to but not as good.  As  always Jimi's guitar playing is immaculate.  He has also got some great and  beautiful bluesy soulful vocals, but on 'Who Knows' he struggles to hit the  high notes.  This is slightly noticable but not to bad.  Buddy Miles on the  other hand could'nt sing a note in tune to save his life.  He does lead  vocals on two songs and backing vocals on all of them and not once does he  manage to hit the high or low notes.  Apart from Buddy Miles horrible  singing the album sound quality is poor.  Eddie Kramer could have done a  better job.  Its still a great album though.  The songs are there and the  Guitar playing is great dispite the guitars sounding like they've been  tuned a semi tone up so the singers cant hit the high notes as a prank.
B00004TL21|5.0|This is a very worthwhile album to keep, a vast improvement over their &quot;Adreanline&quot; album, it just feel similiar to Rage Against The Machine &quot;The Battle Of Los Angeles&quot; which is a very good thing.  Love to have this White Pony album along with me to let it kick my dual  12-in Subwoofers in my car.
B00004TH83|2.0|Well, for me, this album sounds just like Celine Dion's album. It's just dull, boring...
0380788624|4.0|The parts of this book which take place in WWII are fascinating.  The parts which take place in the present are less compelling.  In particular the main character, Randy Waterhouse, who is supposed to be some sort of  cool hacker guy, struck me as an annoying weenie, and I had begun to loathe  him by the end of the book.  I just can't accept that America Shaftoe would  be at all interested in him.  And the storyline involving the data haven  and Epiphyte reads like it came straight out of a five year old issue of  Wired.  I found myself tempted to just skip over those chapters to get to  the really good parts.  But the good parts are good enough to make the  novel worthwhile.
6305807043|5.0|It seems that one of the few sure things in movies is John Cusack.  And he  does it again.  While mind switching and occupation may not be the freshest  idea out there, the direction this movie goes is so original it's scary.   But it works.  Both disturbing and entertaining, this movie succeeds on so  many levels.<br />First, the bizarre rules.  Cusack lives in a bizarre world  populated with bizarre people that drive the story along.  He is subjected  to the absurd until he finds a way to escape.  I don't want to say much  else, because it might ruin the movie.  Suffice to say that there is a way  to be in John Malkovich's mind, but to do so you must end up along side of  the New Jersey Turnpike.<br />In the tradition of Twelve Monkeys, Brazil, and  any other journeys into the bizarre, Being John Malkovich is very  entertaining and not a little disturbing.
B0000025L0|4.0|The year is 1976, and I'm a senior in high school. I'm also beginning to get into jazz.  This album, along with Hubert Laws' classic &quot;Romeo and Juliet&quot;(which I wish Columbia would release in CD) are two albums I  got as Christmas gifts from my folks that year.  What attracted me to this  album? The classic title track, where it starts off slow and builds to some  fantastic playing by Stanley in the middle, only to slow it back down at  the end. I was hooked.  Stanley is one of the pioneers of the bass, period,  in modern day jazz.  My other favorite track was &quot;Quiet  Afternoon.&quot;  That is great background music to a afternoon of doing  what ever you want, whether its reading, writing, or even  &quot;loving.&quot;  Then &quot;The Dancer&quot; comes on, and you want to  get up and move around.  To me, this is Stanley's masterpiece.
B00003CWQ2|5.0|Do you have angst or pent up aggression?  Think again and then see this  movie.  It will take you and a journey into the darkest reaches of the  human psyche that you may scare yourself when you realize how much you are  enjoying this movie.<br />Fight Club is the story of pure disturbing genius.   The protagonist, Ed Norton and co-star Brad Pitt embark on a journey of the  most primal or emotions, rage.  They provide the outlet for society's rage  in Fight Club.  <br />This movie is so much more than just the story of some  guys who get together and beat eachother up.  As it progresses, a whirlwind  of emotions begin to batter at Norton.  By the time it is over, you will  not know what happened.  Watch it again.  Things will start to become  clear.  With an ending rivalling that of the Sixth Sense, Fight Club did  not recieve the attention it deserved.  I'd say that it is destined to  achieve cult status, with myself strongly in tow.
B000002UUX|5.0|This is probablly Megadeth's best album in my opinion.  It has great lyrics, with on of the greatest metal guitar songs ever, &quot;Hangar 18.&quot;  This was when the band was at their prime.  Their latest album  &quot;Risk&quot; is so down tuned and the exact opposite of what they were  in the early part of the 90's.  All in all, this is a great metal album  that makes you remeber what metal is supposed to sound like.
B000021Y74|5.0|My only complaint about this movie...it was too short.  I could have  watched another hour if the quality stayed the same.  It was unfortunate  that Run Lola Run didn't have move exposure in the US.  It was the perfect  fusion of form and function.  I'm not sure what played a more important  role, the music, the story, or the red hair.  They were all intertwined so  perfectly that I found myself drawn in more than I've found with almost any  other movie.  <br />This movie is driven by a pulsating, drving beat.  I found  myself unable to keep from moving with it.  But, it's more than just a  music video.  The story behind this movie, similar to Sliding Doors, is one  of &quot;What if...&quot;  It takes you through three different scenarios  showing how everything is affected by everything else.  The slightest  change can cause an entire day to go differently for everyone.  The  metaphysical ramifications are astounding.  The future's not fixed.  Our  lives aren't predetermined.  It's also frightening.  One small change can  alter the entire course of history.<br />Of course, this is completely  unnecessary to enjoy the movie.  What this movie lacks is tedium.  It never  lets you down and is always engaging.  It also has very red hair.
0812548094|4.0|The Stone of tears is the second book in the Sword of Truth series and it is pretty good.  Much more violent than the first one with way to many unneeded scenes that serve no purpose.  There also other minor problems  that don't help the book, and the end is WAY to drawn out.  It's worth  reading though.
B000002L9M|4.0|I still remember being completely entranced by this album when I was in high school.  And when the mood hits, it's still the perfect CD for a late, lonely night.  The synths, though dated and perhaps even unsophisticated by  today's standards, are still incredible.  The songs resonate with cold,  digital beauty.  The message of the songs seems to be that life is  meaningless, and the only comfort to be found is in the warmth of a lover's  embrace.  This is most poignantly felt in &quot;Here is the House&quot; and  &quot;But Not Tonight,&quot; two of Depeche Mode's finest songs.  And  &quot;Black Celebration&quot; and &quot;Stripped&quot; are chill-inducing  classics in their own right.  This is 80's synth-mope-rock at its finest.
B0000024RQ|5.0|I was trying to think of some other artist's second albums when I decided to review this. Bob's sophomore record is one of my personal favorites. It wasn't his biggest selling album or anything, like Led Zeppelin's second  piece of work(which they never topped), but it was still a great  album.<br />Freewheelin' Bob Dylan has some of his best material, and what  people never realize is that he was only a young twenty-some years old when  he wrote all this. Masters of War, Blowin' in the Wind, and A Hard Rains  Gonna Fall are all VERY mature songs that sound like they were written by a  person that had lived for hundreds of years. A wise old mystic on a hill or  something, but instead they are written by Minnesota-born Robert Zimmerman.  <br />This also includes a first glimpse into Bob's sense of humor, with one  of my favorite lines of all time, &quot;make love to Elizabeth Taylor,  catch hell from Richard Burton&quot; on I Shall Be Free. He still really  hadn't developed his voice to what it would be on his later masterpieces,  but without this album, we would be left without the single greatest folk  song of all time, Blowin' In the Wind. People have heard the song so many  times that I don't think they pay attention to the words anymore. But it  has such a positive message and outlook that it is always a joy to listen  to, as is the entire album.
B000001FA4|5.0|How this wonderful album has gone underrated for so long is beyond me.  This is the album where Bono and the boys mature beyond the angry young rockers they were on their first three albums, yet before they catapulted  to mega-stardom with &quot;The Joshua Tree.&quot;  The songs here are  grand, proud mini-epics, especially &quot;Bad,&quot; perhaps the greatest  U2 song ever.  As the music in &quot;Bad&quot; builds, so too does the  emotion.  It's the soundtrack of a huge storm brewing on the horizon, and  it still moves me to tears.  Then there's the quiet glory of other notable  tracks: &quot;A Sort of Homecoming,&quot; &quot;The Unforgettable  Fire,&quot; &quot;Promenade&quot; and &quot;MLK.&quot;  The album is one of  transition.  Nothing before or after this album sounds quite like it.  It  still sounds like quintessential U2, but it's a sound that can be only be  found here.  Despite all the excellent work U2 has produced, none capture  the hazy, ghostly quality that permeates this album.
6305750750|3.0|After the original Star Wars movies to me this one didn't compare.  The  originals had humor and action, but this one wasn't funny.  People who  weren't brought up with Star Wars thought it was funny but to those who  used to dress up as Princess Liea and Luke Skywalker it wasn't humoress at  all.  The only thing I liked was that it had a lot of imagination and  creativity.
0805062971|3.0|I came to this book by way of first seeing the movie, which is unusual for me.  The movie itself was stunning, one of my top three favorites of all time... in my opinion, it was better than the book.  I would like to say  though, that this isn't because of any short-comings in the writing itself.   The story, though born from the mind of a fiction writer, lent itself much  better to the medium of film imho.<br />Both the book and the movie offer some  savage critiques of an overly consumerist society and its under-pinning  values.  At the same time, however, it satirizes its own critique, not  allowing us the comfortable distant smugness which so many works like this  fall prey to... it leaves the audience without much ground to stand on.  If  you walk away from either the book or the movie without feeling at least a  bit dis-oriented, then you've missed something.<br />The writing itself is  sleek and polished, with moments when a certain phrase or emphasis is timed  brilliantly, causing an almost involuntary and at times uncomfortable  laughter.  At the same time, the form of the writing itself is geared  towards an audience conditioned by the exact consumer culture which it  satirizes, reading much like the film that it was eventually made into.  I  doubt that this irony escaped Palahniuk, whose insights are at times  painfully sharp.<br />In the end --whether you find yourself offended or  somehow even identifying with the characters-- if you aren't also laughing  at yourself and your own reaction then you have, again, missed something.
6305126062|4.0|Speaking from a horse persons view the movie was promoted to be more  horses, but it was a love story.  Friends and I went to watch the movie  expecting a little romance but more focusing on the horse end of things.   It started out like the book but wasn't finished the way the book was.  It  had some awesome scenes, and some beautiful horses, but it didn't live up  to its name.
B00004SCX6|5.0|well,for those Britney HATTERS! go get your stinky life a REAL LIFE!  coz if any of you actually listen to them..well then you shouldnt cause this is the best album ever... Her vocals were fine and excellent, unlike  Cristina's scrieching annoying untallented voice that most dorkhead thinks  that she's talented ( maybe they should clear their 1,000 yrs old ear wax)   This album is simply stunning with songs such as Stronger, Lucky, Wht u see  is wht u get, Can't make you love me, and of course Ooops i did it again.   BTW for those &quot;LOSERS&quot; out there, try singing in front of a  million crowds be4 making comments and  criticising someone with full of  potential and talents (eg Birtney Spears/Backstreet Boys) coz you guys are  simply jealous tht you can't even do anything like them. You guys can't  sing like her or dance like her and probably don';t even have 1% of her  looks and can't write any songs (BTW Britney do know how to write songs  that you probably can't and so do the BSB)<br />why do people only knows how  to criticise people who are actually telented...is it because that they  probably dont have any talents...or is it becoz all they do is just speak  words that actually reflected their own image. NO!  Cristina will never be  like Britney or even close! as many plp were dissapointed that Crissie  Ulgylera did lipsync. and wht on earth is she doin on the stage? Pls get  tht man eater off the screen as the more you watch her perform like an  idiot it would actually kill your brain cells.  Just for a kindly advise  those &quot;LOSERS&quot; should actually know wht they can do be4  complaining wht they can't do.... This album will very much satisfide you  and don't even think of goin near Crissie horrible album as tht wannabe  doesn't even deserve to get tht grammy award  BRITNEY YOU ROCK, YOU ARE THE  SUPERP TEEN SENSATION OF THE GENERATION THT NO OTHER FEMALE ARTIST CAN BE.  YOU RULES AND OOPS YOU DESERVE IT!
B00003CXAT|5.0|This is the absolute best movie ever made.  It has the best state-of-the-art special effects.  Jurassic Park has a cast who make you believe the story is really happening.  All of this put in the movie plus  the best director to ever live: Steven Spielberg.
B000022TSF|5.0|Previous to watching this movie in full I often caught small pieces of the  movie on cable and it always struck me as slow moving and thus boring.  The  reviews here pushed me to watch it in totality.  The slow moving  description still holds but, in the context of the entire movie, it works.  The story and looks are film noir, Raymond Chandler style.  Nicholson plays  a somewhat jaded PI who, at the beginning doesn't think the truth is  necessarily a good thing ('let sleeping dogs lie') but who still has a  heart.  Perplexed by what he knows he does seek out the truth.  The movie  is told entirely from his perspective.  We learn what he learns and see  what he sees.  The plot expands around a number of odd events that the  movie slowly ties together.  There are jolts and twists up until the end as  the relationship between Nicholson and Dunaway grows.<br />There is almost  nothing wrong with this film.  At least I couldn't find anything.  The  directing is top notch.  Polanski's slow moving sequences actually provide  symbolic function or help the feel of reality in the movie.  The acting -  unbelievable.  The writing is flawless.<br />The DVD version is nice.  Sound  and picture are strong.  The extras are minimal - a preview and an  interview with the producer, writer, and director but the interview is very  enlightening and will assist with a greater understanding about the film.
B00004U45G|4.0|Is this the first authorized stand-in for Robert?  The nonchalant quality I hear makes me think &quot;yes.&quot;  The gig rocks.  There's no uncomfortable sense of vocal schmooze like Kingdom Come &amp; Coverdale,  even though in many places in many tunes, what on earth would be better to  sing than pretty much what Plant sang?  Chris Robinson somehow sounds  comfortable enough to lack pretense, and after all, here, the &quot;cover  band&quot; was sanctified by the Presence of you-know-who (especially on  Nobody's Fault, I imagine).  They're tight, and sound practiced, like a  good bunch of friends that like making their own music but love sitting  around playing the Zeppelin tunes they savor.  Right on.  I wonder what  Plant thinks.
0385484518|4.0|This is a wonderful book.  Morrie Schwartz, the subject of the book, is a warm and endearing character.  His courage and thoughtfulness as he observes his own approaching death is inspiring.  It wouldn't be a bad idea  for all of us to read this book about once a year (it takes only about an  hour and a half to read) just to keep our lives in perspective.  The book  reminds us of things which we already know, but to which we give little  attention in our everyday lives.  On the other hand, Morrie Schwartz was  not the source of all the wisdom of the ages.  His observations are often  trite and his recommendations impractical.  To make him into a guru, or the  touchstone by which success in life is to be measured, would be to read far  more into this book than is actually there.  Appreciate it, and him, for  the treasurable personality which comes across vividly in Albom's writing.   Be grateful for the Morrie Schwartzes in your life.  Then go out and build  your own life, on your own values, your own observations, and your own  experience.
B00000FZ1V|5.0|While I count myself among the many who consider Criterion's special editions the best available, I have to say I highly doubt they could have done this movie as well as this.<br />The movie speaks for itself -- it is my  all-time favorite, and still the most successful comedy out there.  But  this DVD may very well be the best one available, ESPECIALLY considering it  was all done on a single disk (and comes at a single-disk price).<br />I have  not seen a better picture transfer, or a better 5.1 remix of an old  soundtrack.  That alone warrants high marks, but then come all the extra  features.  <br />The menus themselves are some of the best you'll see, with  three dimensional movement and fantastic sounds.  It's one of the few which  features moving scene selections.<br />The number of deleted scenes is  incomparable, as well as all the behind-the-scenes looks, including several  featurettes, hundreds of photos, dozens of drawings, and trivia bits.  The  audio commentary is one of the best and most infomrative, and the  silhouette feature allows the commentators to point to things on the  screen.<br />There is also a running trivia subtitle, explaining bits of  scenes as the movie runs.  I thought I knew and had noticed everything  there is to know about this movie, but I was wrong.  I spent several hours  with the extras before I got around to watching the movie.<br />Fans of the  movie will wonder how they ever got along with the VHS version.  Fans of  DVD will certainly be blown away by what the DVD achieves.<br />A must-have.
B000020617|5.0|When I listen to this album the first time, I didn't enjoy it, in fact it collected dust for some time.  However, after listening to it at a later date, I discovered what most reveiwers have been saying -- this is an  AWESOME cd -- easily one of their best.
0786225955|5.0|This movie is about a young girl named Susanna (Winona Ryder)who is sent to a psychiatrist because of an alleged attempt at suicide. Her shrink, along with her parents, agree that she should be sent to Claymoore, which  is a mental institution. When she arrives, she finds that she is far more  normal than the rest of her roomates, but she slowly becomes more insane by  their influences. Soon, she is graced by the prescence of the sociopath  rebel, Lisa (Angelina Jolie). Like a magnet, Lisa draws Susanna to her and  the two suddenly become close friends. When Lisa is forced to run away  because of the horrible punishment the nurses keep giving her, she and  Susanna escape in the middle of the night to Daisy's apartment, who had  recently been released from Claymoore. Daisy committed suicide the next  morning, because she couldn't face the reality that her relationship with  her father was more than what it should have been. Lisa ended up running  from that situation again, but Susanna willingly returned to Claymoore,  where she recovered and was released to go home. This was honestly the best  book I have ever read, and I truly recommend it. Even better, though- rent  the movie, Angelina Jolie is a phenomenal actress.
B000000XB9|5.0|CREEDENCE CLEARWATER REVIVAL..THESE GUY'S  ARE AWSOME EVERY SONG 1-20 FOR 13.99 YOU CAN'T GO WRONG BUY IT..
B00004U45G|5.0|I have this album since it was available from musicmaker.com and it is a must have for classic rock fans. The Black Crows offer an excelent band scenario for Jimmy Page to play. They play with fury and with a complete  love for the music. Most interesting is that they are not just doing Led  Zeppelin covers but giving them a new treatment with much respect. Black  Crows singer escapes the &quot;I want to sound like Robert Plant&quot;  style with his interpretation by just being an sounding like just any other  Black Crows recording. <br />If you are looking for some classic and powerfull  rock and roll, just buy and enjoy, Play it loud.
B00000JTB2|5.0|THIS CD IS DANGERIOUS..IT SMOKES..IT ROCK'S.. I FINALLY HAVE IT IN MY POSESSION IF YOU LIKE SRV OR ALBERT KING YOU NEED THIS CD THIS ONE BELONG'S IN YOUR SAFE..PRIDE AND JOY 6MIN AAHH MAN JUST AWSOME BUY THIS NOW..
0440219078|5.0|This was an excellent book. In the beginning, it seemed as though Jonas lived in a perfect world and yet there was a feeling that something about it was wrong. This book made me realize that while being the same as  everyone else can cut down on prejudice and disagreements, one can't have  any spirit of individuality. This book is a must read!
B000000XBC|5.0|GET THIS VOL.2 AND THE OTHER 20 GREATEST HITS VOL. 1 AND YOUR SET ANY ?
B00000DBXL|1.0|I loved Fashion Nugget, but Prolonging the Magic should be called &quot;MILKING THE FANS FOR ALL IT'S  WORTH&quot;. I thought this band had the most original  sound to come along in a long time, UNTIL NOW! I  hope  they can find the sound they once had.
B00000DFSK|5.0|ALL GOOD SONGS BY U2
630575067X|5.0|Episode One follows the same format as the following Star Wars films.  Taking place in a Galaxy far away-Episode One tells the story of Anakin  Starwalker the ill-fated Darth Vader. <br /> Episode on brings history and  insight into how it all began and even gives hints to how the Empire could  have been stopped early on. With its use of breath taking graphics and  great screen writing, Episode One lives up to the Star Wars legacy and will  please any Star Wars fan.
B00000634J|5.0|JOHN LENNON'S BEST OWN IT ENOUGH SAID.
B00004U45G|4.0|Simply put if you are a Zeppelin fan or a Black Crowes fan you must have this double CD!  Most of the songs are Led Zeppelin covers with a few great blues songs thrown in.  Jimmy Page sounds in perfect form, and this  collaboration is about enough to make you forgive that whole Puffy Daddy  thing.  Chris Robinson adds more to these songs than Robert Plant ever  could at this point in his career.  The sound quality is great and the set  list is fantastic.  There are well known favorites like  &quot;Heartbreaker&quot; and &quot;Whole Lotta Love&quot; along side less  exposed (and thus less tired) songs such as &quot;Out on the Tiles&quot;  and &quot;In My Time of Dying&quot;  My personal favorite is &quot;What Is  And What Should Never Be.&quot;  All this and great packaging like an old  Filmore concert poster and an enhanced CD.  A must have!
B00004R99J|3.0|I suppose this movie has a more meaning for me due to a past romance and  the this to be the movie we shared, so I enjoyed it.  Sure, Disney knows  how to take some part of history and make it so fictional but one of the  things I like about this movie is the detail they put into Pocahontas  facial expressions.  That feature always caught me.<br />Anyway, you either  like the animation or you don't.  The audio is very well done.  No major  sound effects but the music and the dialogue is the main things for this  film.  What about the video?  The video is a shock.  Where Tarzan bursts  with a radiance of colors, not Pocahontas.  What happened during the  transfer?  It's like a transfer from a video tape seen 10 times before.  Not acceptable with a DVD!  I can't believe the colors aren't superb.<br />Extras...well, I guess after the fans were upset that Disney didn't  include any extras in their previous releases, now they are with their  &quot;Gold Collections&quot;.  I like how the DVD has the two music videos  especially &quot;Colors of the Wind&quot; by Vanessa Williams.  There are a  lot of trailers before the movies which you can fortunately skip over, a  trivia game and DVD storybook like the Tarzan DVD and a fun with nature  booklet which they should of added to the DVD.  Otherwise it's better than  what we got before from older Disney DVD's.  So, we have the movie at above  average, the special features in the C to C- range and the DVD Overall  probably a B-/C+.<br />Otherwise, for a DVD from Disney, this movie deserved  better.  A better video transfer and they could at least added the making  of Pocahontas or something.  (sigh)...<br />Anyway, if you want to watch  Pocahontas, get the DVD version.  Even those it's VHS quality, you get  those extras and good sound.  If you don't care about the extras and just  want to see the movie, then the VHS might be your thing.
052594527X|5.0|Ms. Chevalier has truly out-done herself with Girl With A Pearl Earring.  Griet (the girl to whom the title refers) is easy to relate to, even as she is in the remarkable setting of Vermeer's studio.  Ms. Chevalier's  deliciously colorful descriptions make this book one that this reader could  not put down.  Via this book, the reader is able to step out of  technology-based, 21st century America and into the intense, 17th century  Holland.  This is a story not to be missed.
B00000JCOV|3.0|Don't get me wrong, when I bought this cd back in September, I LOVED it. I couldn't get enough of it. But now after many listens, I find its replay value to be very thin. Most of the songs on here have the same sound, same  pattern, same vocals. Think of putting it on the track Eyeless and hitting  repeat forever. Although, there are some songs that dare to be interesting,  like No Life and the Cut-From-The-Album song, Purity. But overall, I have  lost interest. It has nothing to do with Slipknot gaining popularity, or  what they said aboutm Korn, etc. I just think I'm a little too mature to be  fooled by this act anymore.
0767903854|2.0|I can only suggest that if you've heard that Bryson is funny, you really want to check out his earlier books &quot;The Lost Continent&quot; (about a trip through the US) and &quot;Neither Here nor There&quot; (about a trip  through Europe).  His keep-it-moving gather-no-moss travel style is  ill-suited to Australia, which is simply so sparsely populated over so much  of the continent as to be absurd -- and yet he never comments on the  absurdity of his choice.  This book is, by comparison to his earlier  efforts, a big old snoozer -- skip this one in favor of those.
0671027344|5.0|I have read this book about three times. It is by far my favorite book. This book opens your eyes to a teen's life. Some o the things he does are so true and correct. I am absolutely in love with this book. I hope that  you will want to read it too.
B00000J6AG|4.0|For those who enjoy the electronica/club type music, Moby has put out an album we all can enjoy.  All tracks are good-sounding, maybe not lyrically enlightening, but a good album to simply hear.  Forget listening to it, but  most music of this genre isn't really big on lyrics.  Overall, a good  purchase--worth the purchase price
6305657939|3.0|An elegant, polite actioner. Brosnan acts with debonair sophistication, as well as a certain light-hearted restraint. He reminded me of an updated Peter O'Toole in How to Steal A Million.<br />The main drawback is the  mismatched casting of the leading lady. Heavy-handed Rene Russo is miscast,  a bull in a china shop, as if someone brought a big-boned hag in drag to a  formal dinner.
B000003S0F|5.0|i picked up the 8-track @ bradless back when i was in college in 1976;i still have he 8 track i have thrown out most of my 8 tracks due to poor quality but the sax on island and the haunting  lyrics on this ballard will  stay with me a life time............
B00004SCX6|4.0|I think this a good CD and my six year old loves the title song as she sings it word for word.  My husband likes I Can't Get No Satisfaction and my three year old dances with the beat to Stronger. Myself, I like all of  the songs, feel like they are a good mix on this CD.
B00002ZMNV|5.0|The DVD is a better choice than the CD and the video for one reason:  you  can switch between listening to the orchestra with band, the band only, or  the orchestra only!  It's SO cool when you listen to the orchestra-only  version of some of the songs-- Michael Kamen has added so much to the  music!  When you're listening to the regular orchestra+band, it weaves  together so seamlessly that you can miss a lot of the more subtle elements  of the music.  Try listening to &quot;Call of Ktulu&quot; and &quot;Hero of  the Day&quot; with just orchestra . . there's some great stuff in there.   Listening to just the band is also pretty interesting, and the documentary  is pretty cool too.  Definitely worth the cash...even if you already have  the CD or video.
B000001EHS|5.0|I LOVE this CD!  It is the best music by Def Leppard all in one place.  A MUST HAVE for the true fan!
B000005JA8|5.0|These jagged rhythms and sonic textures are some of the most definitive sounds in recorded rock history.  Don wrote rap rhymes before the genre even existed, and set them to the Magic Band's unforgettable syncopated  music (for lack of a better term).  I have over 500 recordings in my  library that truly catalog the history of rock and roll, and this comes in  at #2:<br />1.  The Joshua Tree 2.  Trout Mask 3.  Zen Arcade 4.  Tonight's  the Night 5.  Astral Weeks 6.  VU and Nico 7.  Closer 8.  Who's Next 9.   Daydream Nation 10. Let it Be (Mats)
B00004SCX6|4.0|I am not really into the whole Britney craze going on right now, but I have to give credit where credit is due. This is a fun album. Britney CAN sing, and she sounds even better when she has some songs that are actually  good like &quot;oops&quot;, &quot;Lucky&quot;, &quot;when your eyes say  it&quot;, or &quot;one kiss from you&quot;. There's some throwaway stuff on  here (like the campy &quot;where are you now&quot; and &quot;dear  diary&quot;), but its a good CD to throw on when you feel a little groovy.  Enjoyable!
B00003Q43A|2.0|It had very good fx, but was a very stupid movie...like when Will Smith got into a dogfight with an alien craft and won(luckly), walks up to the craft opens the hatch and punches the alien in the face....it was a kids movie. why is it aliens always have arms, fingers,two eyes,one head, and its allways a round saucer...wish hollywood would make a real alien movie, the closest one so far was Alien 1. on another note I think aliens have already been here its just that we don't have the preception to understand, just like us walking over a blade of grass....
B00003Q43A|5.0|Good flick for those needing a ton of special effects.  The critics did  not seem to like the film, but I enjoyed it.<br />I had always thought it was  interesting that the aliens were beaten with a computer virus (from a Mac  computer) - just like Wells' aliens in &quot;War of the Worlds&quot; (1898)  were beaten by an organic virus.
B00004THAY|5.0|Every song on this CD is a work of art. Are we surprised? This one is Grammy bound. Buy it!
0792107683|5.0|If films today possessed just a fraction of the power and drama of Shane, few would find cause to criticize Hollywood for shallowness. Shane tells the tale of a former gunslinger who seeks to abandon his violent past in  search of decently. He finds it in a yeoman farmer whose wife and small boy  who take him in as a hired hand.  <br />Where so many westerns are little more  than vehicles for transmitting clichés, Shane offers a serious moral tale  with masterful plot-action and lightening-like intensity. In a battle for  the ways of the future over the ways of the past, and the use of force in  defense of honest values, Shane serves as an outstanding means to visit  heroism (and its ending will leave you too saying \\"Shane! Don't go!\\"
B000002A73|5.0|Anyone who does not like this album simply does not understand it.  Buy the book by Neil Postman (Amusing Ourselves to Death), and listen to this album, and it takes on a whole different meaning.  A truly profound  statement on the world we live in today.  Those who condemn the statement  as being cynical or mundane need to wake up and look at our world.  I could  see this album being taught in a college level cultural studies class.  It  is nothing short of pure genius.
6303182577|4.0|I was one of the &quot;lucky&quot; ones who attended Woodstock. I was only  16 and was somewhat of a nerd. The only illegal substance I ingested was  pot, but my purpose here is to review the movie and not to write a  narrative of my personal experience there. For those of you who weren't  there, you'll be happy to know that this movie really does  capture the  true essence of Woodstock. Considering the weather conditions and how  difficult it was to get remotely close to the stage area, I can safely say  that I enjoyed watching the movie more  than I did being there. I agree  with many of the previous reviewers in that there were many glaring  omissions of certain bands and there were simply too many great  performances that didn't make the film. Santana, The Who, and Canned Heat  performed sets that were worthy of being seen in their entirety, and many  other bands deserved much more screen time. I think Michael Wadleigh did an  excellent job of giving the viewer an idea of what it was like to be at  Woodstock, but many of the comments of the people there were overly long  and should have been pared down or deleted. Still in all, watching this  movie gives you a good idea of what it was like to be at Woodstock, and you  don't have to slip in the mud or shiver in the cold.
0783229887|1.0|I would agree with one of the reviewers that the movie is not so good because the love relationship. IT makes chucky loose his horror touch.  Tily's acting is not so convincing. IF you have to choose between this  movie and another movie, pick the other one.
B000000WHC|4.0|Undoubtedly,Gary Moore is among three or four best guitarists of our times!He's intense,passionate,perfectly on your job,and specially on this cd,full of great musics and the presence of Albert King,is a must for the  bluesfans like me.I really prefer the &quot;live&quot; performances of  Gary,so i gave only 4 stars to this &quot;Still got the blues&quot;!
067101756X|4.0|&quot;THE DAY AFTER ROSWELL&quot; Leads to the point: This work cuts through the nonsense -so that I find it either the most engrossing work of fiction of late; or the disturbing admission of that homegrown subterfuge  we have dreaded, yet wanted to embrace in our secret moments of weakness  and uncertainty. What was the real COLD WAR?..Why was it? Why has  Technology increased by leaps of hundreds of years within the span of  decades? Col.Philip J. Corso, this work of yours being true, (if in  fact...) Let us know who leads our forces against the darkness.  Respectfully submitted....Others...... READ THIS BOOK!
6300181553|4.0|What would Christmas be without this wonderful movie? Bing Crosby, at his  zenith of fame, sings the Irving Berlin classic, &quot;White  Christmas&quot; and throws in several other dandy songs to boot. Fred  Astaire also dances his famous &quot;firecracker&quot; routine which is  possibly his greatest solo dance in any movie. Astaire's incredibly  versatility and atheleticism are showcased throughout this  movie.<br />&quot;Holiday Inn&quot; has everything: humor, great songs,  Astaire's timeless dancing, Bing's inimitable baritone and it's guaranteed  to bring a smile to your face.
B00000JBCP|4.0|MANA MTV Unplugged sin duda sobrepaso muchas espectativas.  Me parece que es un CD muy bien estructurado musicalmente.  Las nuevas versiones de canciones ya conocidas como &quot;Se me olvido otra vez&quot; tienen un  toque de naturalidad y juventud.   Sin duda, la mejor cancion en  este CD  es ANA, en la cual Sergio Vallin demuestra su excelente abilidad con la  guitarra.   Con todo, MANA sigue consagrandose como el mejor grupo de rock  en espa~nol.   Sin embargo, habra que ver su proximo CD, el cual debe ser  el mejor hasta la fecha. Espero que MANA siga progresando...y que no se  quede estancado como otros grupos que no desean salir de la monotonia....   Como fan de MANA , este CD me gusta mucho.  Pero tambien como fan, se que  MANA necesita experimentar y hacer que su musica madure y crezca.
B000007ODM|5.0|This is the best music I have ever been introduced to. I have never heard it played in the U.S, only in Europe. I am just so disappointed that there is not another album out by ERA. The music is uplifting, soothing, anything  you want it to be, depending on your current mood. It is, and will be, my  all-time favorite. If you know where to find ERA, tell them to get busy on  another album! :-)
6305892946|2.0|The story is fanntastic,thrilling ,and enjoable with the wimp to new the elasticity of the perpatual phenomena. The horror does not make boring,it is really the need of hour that such kind of flims make the people excited!  Good luck and enjoy the film.
B00003OO3O|5.0|Force It is what pure rock is all about.  Excellent blend of powerful guitars and vocal armonies. UFO delivered true rock gems and this is a definoite must for true hard rock fans.  BUY IT!
B00000253N|5.0|What is Bob Dylan's greatest album?  Is it Highway 61 Revisited, an album that revolutionized rock and roll by combining the meaningful lyrics of folk with the rhythm of rock; or is it Blonde on Blonde, another mid  sixties classic album with some of Dylan's best lyrics, epic songs, and  vivid imagery; or is it Blood on the Tracks, a sweet unambitious album  about a man's heart during his crumbling marriage?  The answer is Blood on  the Tracks, a simple but powerful masterpiece that captures the human  emotions of love, anger, sadness, fear, regret, and hope.  'Tracks' doesn't  take us into the mind of Bob Dylan, as 'Blonde on Blonde'and 'Highway 61'  did, they take us inside Bob Dylan's heart, and inside our own.  Dylan  writes honest, emotional, beautiful lyrics.  The album is the story of a  man hanging on to his love, and at the same time letting it go.  The album  is a snapshot of Dylan's soul.  The most beautiful song on the album that  stands out is the least assuming.  In 'Buckets of Rain,' Dylan's looking  out into the rain, and reflects on life and love like no one else has ever  done, and finally makes peace with his lonliness and longing for his love,  moves on, but will always share a part of his heart for her.  I could write  for days about this album, but I'm sure you get this picture.  Never before  have I been moved by a piece of music like this album has, because we all  know what Dylan is writing about is not only what's in his heart, but  what's buried inside all of our hearts.
6305807086|3.0|... purchased the DVD on the basis of the excellent reviews by Ebert and  others.  Actually the first time I've been burnt in this way though.  <br />This movie was very... well boring.  The characters were uniformly  miscast, although it didn't really matter.  Almost anyone could have played  any of the roles.  The movie is also dark most of the time and so it makes  it hard to recognize the actors.  John Cusack with a pony tail and rim  glasses??  What a waste!  And the Cameron Diaz role really required a young  Diane Keaton (whoever that might be these days).  Maxine was well cast  though and the role was useful to the plot.  <br />In spite of all the  negatives above, I enjoyed the puppeteering scenes.  Relevant to the story  line, skillfully performed, and entertaining.  The one bright spot to the  movie.  <br />If you lean toward the unusual and chose Malkovich for this  reason, you can do better.  See Run Lola Run for example.
B00001PE4D|5.0|Cruel Intentions was such a great movie you never knew what was gonna  happen next or who the guy was gonna screw.. It was a really cool movie.
B00000K3D4|5.0|This movie captured the essence of everything a motion picture should be.  The puppets are great for children. The symbolic atmosphere and depth will  make anyone think. The genius of Jim Henson and the mystical presence of  David Bowie (Jareth) made for a magical movie. Outstanding music. The songs  will get stuck in your head and drive you absolutely bonkers!<br />The DVD  really cleaned up the video, wich was good to start with. It gave plenty of  extras. I really liked the &quot;Inside the Labyrinth&quot;. It was very  interesting. <br />On VHS or DVD, this movie is a must-see for anyone who  likes to feel the magic of a fantasy kingdom.
B00004SCX6|1.0|Sorry, but it was not possible to give no stars!<br />The most remarkable thing about this musically is, that they don't have to take away the voices before they play it on the elevator or in the supermarkets, it's already  shallow enough.  Plus the fact that we are doomed to remember this  bubblegum-sticky slime just because it is so popular that we will be  tortured by it everywhere we go. I am not Madonnas greatest fan, but from  the first moment there was the potential of controversy. Britany Spears has  only one potential: making money, for a product that is great, for an  artist it is not enough. Watch out, this noise is bad for your teeth!
B00001P4RI|5.0|If you're a DCD fan, you understand that the group has changed its genre several times during its existence. From industrial, to gothic, to medieval, finally ending with world beat. So you have to approach this  album with an open mind regarding its style and delivery. While Lisa  Gerrard has chosen to take the common path of ephemeral female vocal (which  is almost clich&eacute;), Brendan has created a new space which was hinted at in  some of DCD's works. This one is a keeper. It gets better with every  listen. Returning to DCDs roots, Brendan has captured the essence of solo  despair that was originally exploited with Lisa's voice, but now delivered  from a male perspective. I had low expectations for this album, but was  quickly won over by its simple, minimalist mood. While you can get a  glimpse of the album with sound bites, they don't do it justice. Spin this  disc twice and you will be hooked.
B00000J7A2|3.0|Beefheart's Magic Band was the Stones to Zappa's Beatles.  This early collection of the strongly blues-influenced, deeply weird singing and playing show off Don Van Vliet's smart, soulful voice.  It's easy to see  why they never scored a huge success--the same reason they retain their  cult popularity today.  The acidic, bluesy, Thirteenth Floor Elevators-like  sound flips off conventional categorization and thoughtless background  listening; a fully-engaged brain is required.
B00003Q43A|1.0|Skip this drivel and get Tim Burton's &quot;Mars Attacks.&quot;
B000006V31|3.0|Amuse Your Friends: throw this on when they aren't looking and wait for them to say: &quot;Hey, what early Led Zep album is THIS? &quot; Pure imitation, but man, dedicated.
B00000JGHM|5.0|Probably the most intelligent, well-acted action/crime thriller you'll ever see.  The cast is incredible, with Pacino and DeNiro heading the talent.  But, one of the things that makes a movie great are the memories  that it leaves with you.  Here are four that I took from it:<br />Diner Scene  - Pacino and DeNiro trading thinly veiled threats at each other, though at  the same time demonstrating a sort of professional respect (and even  admiration) for each other.  You get the feeling they'd be best friends if  not for their diametrically-opposed vocations.  BTW, there's a rumor they  were not actually filmed together; in fact you never see both of them at  the table at the same time.  I don't believe the rumor but the fact is  true.<br />Balcony Scene with Pacino and Brenneman - typical Mann scene.  The  perfect background music and scenery pick you right off the sofa and plunk  you down right there with the actors.  I could have sworn I was in LA  standing on that balcony, feeling the warm West coast breeze and gazing at  the lights of LA.<br />Bank Robbery - in one word, intense.  Absolutely one of  the best gun battles in any film of any era.  Turn up the volume on your  home theater and enjoy.<br />Armored Car Robbery - what a fantastic way to  open up the movie.  Thrilling (and disturbing) from the  start.<br />Conclusion: Every now and then a movie comes around that is at a  higher level of the movie industry craft than the rest of the mediocre  stuff out there.  This is surely one of those, a movie you'll definitely  remember.
B000003N7G|5.0|This is the first John Coltrane recording I purchased and what a introduction. The title track is one of Coltrane's best. There is such a chemistry between Coltrane Elvin Jones and Mccoy Tyner that you are  mesmerized. This recording is definetly a spiritual journey. This recording  is one of my all-time favorite recordings. Truly this is an essential album  to put in your jazz collection. You can tell that Coltrane was a man was on  a mission with this recording. All those hours of practice he would put in  practicing his instrument is so inspiring to me. Add &quot;A Love  Supreme&quot; to your collection and enjoy.
6304936362|4.0|With Memphis Belle you join a B17 crew on a mission deep into  Germany  territory. There is a strong cast lineup, but they are somewhat restricted  by an average and stereotyped script. Bearing that in mind this is still a  good movie with some real breath taking action which rammed home the grim  reality the war in the air was far from won for the Allies in 1943. My  favourite scenes are the German fighter attacks and the bombing run under a  relentless FLAK defence. This is certainly a must for any WW2 movie or  aviation buff but I feel anyone will enjoy watching this movie. Definitely  recommended viewing.
B000005QH3|5.0|A brilliant performance by the underated Barry Newman as one of lifes  misfits.Who decides to have a bet with his friend that he can go from  Denver to Sanfranscico in 13 hours,in a souped up Dodge challenger.As you  would expect from a road movie like this lots of police chases lots of  stunts and high adrenelin adds to the action.The film also has a brilliant  soundtrack which seems to be unavaliable anywhere on cd.As I said a  brilliant film the last 10 minutes will have you biting your nails and is  the highlight of the film.
B000001ESF|5.0|WITHOUT A DOUBT,THE BEST RECORD I HAVE EVER HEARD FROM RUSH.ALEX LIFESON PLAYS SOME OF THE GREATEST RIFFS I HAVE EVER HEARD. GEDDY LEE WHO SOUNDS LIKE HE IS PLAYING LEAD ON BASS IS SUCH A GREAT MUSICIAN.AND LAST BUT  CERTAINLY NOT LEAST, PEART IS THE BEST DRUMMER AROUND.I HAVE ALL OF THE  BANDS MUSIC AND LOVE ALL OF IT,BUT THIS RECORD TO ME IS THE FINEST.ALL I  CAN SAY IS KEEP IT GOING GUYS.
B00001NFCY|4.0|The harmonic blend of metal in this CD is almost symphonic at times--especially so on the track &quot;Higher,&quot; but elsewhere as well.  Add to that lyrics which are intelligent and soulful, and you have a  CD that ought to be in your collection.  It is easy to identify this group  as having Christian roots.  Look closely at the cover (front and rear).  Aren't we all Human Clay? And isn't the time short? And listen closely to  the lyrics.  This is one metal album I'm glad that my kids listen to.
B00003XACV|5.0|I've been listening to and collecting &quot;original soundtrack recordings&quot; for 30 years, and this is indeed one of the most orignal scores I've ever heard.  The music is far from melodic, in the traditional  sense, but I find the highly percussive sounds both infectious and  listenable.
6305903182|5.0|Scream 3 is downright PERFECT! The movie is full of suprises and humor because of Parker Posey. This is the scariest of the trilogy and well thought. The actors did an excellent job! Neve Campbell, Courtney Cox, and  David Arquette return to make the murders stop and put the terror to an  end. Gory killings and non-stop suspense make this the BEST SCREAM of the  ALL. The DVD is EXCELLENT with all those extra features. You better buy  SCREAM 3 right now!  A++++++++++++++
0783240503|2.0|I agree wholeheartedly with Donald-from-Ohio's review.  I've been a fan of this Lloyd Weber/Rice musical for 20+ years and have seen it grow as songs were added and various recordings made available.  Having never had the  opportunity to see the stage production, I was eager to see this video.   Now I realize that perhaps this musical is one to be heard and not seen, at  least not beyond an unpretentious summer camp or youth group presentation,  the perfect venues for this show.  Yes, Osmond performs nicely in the role  of Joseph. But everything else about this production is so overdone that  watching it, for me, is like seeing a favorite childhood friend grow up to  become a cheap circus performer.  The two stars I give this video are for  the music itself.  But I certainly don't understand why Lloyd Weber chose  to add the FINALE song &quot;Any Dream Will Do&quot; to the BEGINNING of  the show.
B000000OU6|3.0|But they just need to lose the vocalist. And they did for the album due in Sept. 2000! This cd has a very cool GnR sound and feel to it. As we all know, Slash is a fantastic guitarist. Its the vocals that I have trouble  with. He seems to struggle with any style of own. I cant help to think  where this album could have gone had the band had a vocalist with more of a  range. If you are a hardcore GnR fan you should add this to your  collection. If not, hold out for the new one.
078324228X|5.0|I saw this movie when it came in the theatres and when I walked out, I was  thinking to myself what a wonderful job that Denzel Washington did in this  movie.  He really sent a strong political message in this movie that  unfortunatley the courts are racist and so are the police.  This movie is  good for someone who needs to see reality.
B00000BKDV|4.0|It isn't fair to compare ANY metal Album to Number of the Beast but in this case it makes sense. Piece of Mind is overall a good standard Maiden Album but clearly falls off from Number of the Beast, the songs just don't  have the Spirit. Here is my Tracklist:<br />1.WHERE EAGELS DARE good classical  maiden, perhaps not the best way to open the Album<br />2.REVELATIONS an album  highlight that is a Maiden classic. it could have been written for THE  NUMBER OF THE BEAST or POWERSLAVE<br />3.FLIGHT OF ICARUS another great song  with a catchy chorus. somehow it reminds me of THE PRISONER<br />4.DIE WITH  YOUR BOOTS ON not the best song on the album, mainly because of the somehow  annoying refrain<br />5.THE TROOPER the best song on the record. the opening  riff is amazing and bruce tops himself at the highly energetic  vocals<br />6.STILL LIFE starts of quite slow and becomes a typical  mid-eighties maiden hymm. the most interesting track on the album, again  Bruce shows his vocal increbility.<br />7.QUEST FOR FIRE is the weakest song  on the album and one of the weakest maiden ever wrote. even the lyrics are  silly, perhaps it would be better off as a B-side<br />8.SUN AND STEEL the  same problem as with track 4. it starts off really well and gets screwed up  by the annoying refrain<br />9.TO TAME A LAND seems like everyone loves it but  me. it's quite good but it isn't a second HALLOWED BE THY NAME, it just  lacks atmosphere and energy, but it is a qood ending for the album.  <br />Overall this Album would be a Top-Notch for any Newcomer Band but for  Maiden it's rather stagnating and I would rather buy POWERSLAVE or THE  NUMBER OF THE BEAST. But it's still worth the price.
B0000028M7|5.0|After buying &quot;Facelift&quot; and ending up kind of disappointed with it, I thought my faith in Alice in Chains might be gone.  But, I had this feeling that &quot;Dirt&quot; might be a better album, so I bought it, and  guess what, it is!  Not only is this a heavier, more energy-packed album,  it's got way more feeling and emotion in it.  It's not to say that  &quot;Facelift&quot; isn't a good album, it's just not a great album.  &quot;Man in the Box&quot; is the only wonderful song on it, and this one  has tons of great songs, in fact nearly every single one is great.  &quot;Down in a Hole&quot; and &quot;Angry Chair&quot; are instant  classics.  &quot;God Smack&quot; is very unusual, but just the same very  cool.  It's not a wonder the band of the same name chose it as their band  name (even though Sully claims to have never heard the song).  But anyway,  this album is great, easily AIC's best.  Oh, and I don't know about anyone  else, but I think Staind could do an awesome cover of &quot;Down in a  Hole&quot;.  I'm sure most hardcore AIC fans hate that idea, but I think  it'd be great.  I can just hear Aaron Lewis moaning &quot;oh, I want to be  inside of you&quot;.  Anyway, buy &quot;Dirt&quot;, it rules.  Godsmack and  Staind are awesome, too.  Peace.
B00000BKDZ|3.0|I love Maiden to Death and I also love this Album, or - parts of ít. Here is my Tracklist:<br />1.MOONCHILD - one of the best maiden songs ever, a real cool opener. This one screams &quot;Play me Live&quot;. <br />2.INFINITE  DREAMS - a highlight on this Album. Untypical for Maiden and still heavy  and catchy. I love it. Bruce Vocals rule once again!<br />3.CAN I PLAY WITH  MADNESS - the first negative aspect on this album. did maiden try to get  more radio airplay? It's not my cup of Tea. Even the diahard fans ( as I  think I am one ) should realize that something has changed! This song is  cool on the live records, but for me it sounds like a cover version ( sorry  to all you lovers of this one ) <br />4.THE EVIL THAT MEN DO - The same as  track one, hear it and love it! This is truely Maiden, raw and heavy but  with incredible melody and a refrain I'm looking forward to sing when I see  them live soon!<br />5.SEVENTH SON OF A SEVENTH SON it starts of as a Maiden  classic that has some sort of STRANGER IN A STRANGE LAND to it. but the  last part is boring and uneccessary. Good for any other Band but medicore  for Maiden.<br />6.THE PROPHECY the worst one of this album. I don't know how  to explain my point of view but perhaps somebody out there won't pull the  &quot;not helpful&quot; bottom and think &quot;what's this guy talking  about?&quot;. It's just miles away from maiden's class.<br />7.THE CLAIRVOYANT  the album gets up again! The great thing about some of Maiden's songs is  that they are actually very complex and by no means easily-structured, but  you just don't note it because they are so great!<br />8.ONLY THE GOOD DIE  YOUNG my personal favorite on this album. It has a really uncomfortable  feeling and sends shivers down my spine.If the whole Album would be as good  as this , Seventh Son would easily be a second Number of the Beast in a  different vain.<br />I also dig the lyrics, even if I can't see the concept  behind them. ( maybe because I'm not english )
630521610X|5.0|Get ready to Scream! This is a one of a kind horror/thriller that never slows down! The story involves a ghostface killer stalking people by calling them on the phone. Then, of course, they die. Meet Sidney Prescott  (Neve Campbell), who's mother was killed exactly one year ago today! She of  course, is stalked,a dn almost  killed several times. Deputy Dewey Riley  (David Arquette) tries to help her, but he is stalked, too. Then there's  the cheesy tabliod reporter Gale Weathers (Courteney Cox) who is more after  a story than trying to help. Sidney hates her because Gale believes that  someone else other than Cotton Weary (Liev Screiber) killed her mother.  Sidney put Weary in jail for the murders. There are murders popping up  everywhere, and everyone's a suspect! Everyone from Sidney's boyfriend  Billy (Skeet Ulrich), Stu, (Matthew Lillard), the horror movie freak Randy  (Jamie Kennedy), Sidney's friend Tatum (Rose Mcgowan), Dewey, Gale, and  even Sidney! This movie is from horror master Wes Craven. If you want a  good scare get Scream! If you're a die hard horror movie fan (there's a lot  of horror movie refrences in this film) get Scream!
B00003CX6P|5.0|From a purely visual perspecive this movie is top notch.  The setting is spectacular and the cinematography is goregous.<br />For those of you who rate a movie based on how close it is to the novel, this may disappoint.  There are a number of areas where this movie goes far from the novel.  Many  of which actually make the story more believeable, some of which detract,  and then of course, the usual set of things which would take to long or be  impossible to explain in a movie.<br />As far as the movie taken only as  itself it was excellent.  It even manages to take a miss on the  cookie-cutter items of most modern american movie making (lots of sex  scenes, gore and things blowing up) while being very thrilling and  suspenseful.  And best of all they save you from one of the final scenes  which you don't want to &quot;see&quot; though you want to know what  happened in a clever way...  Like the novel this is a suspense story, it  keeps you on the edge of your seat waiting to find out what will happen  next.  Eerily you find yourself rooting for the bad guy.<br />As far as the  actors, Matt Damon does an excelent job of playing Ripley, despite the fact  he's not quite right for the part.  Ripley strikes me as a very slim  scrawny yet tall fellow, Matt Damon just doesn't Look like Ripley  (especially from the description in the book).  Secondly, he doesn't look  much like Dickie whom he impersonates.<br />The actor playing Dickie was  truely excellent (his name escapes me).  He was the perfect flakey, spoiled  brat Dickie.<br />Gweneth Paltrow was at her usual.  Her character was a bit  more likeable in the movie than in the book.  She did an excellent job  playing the upper class &quot;writer&quot; adoring girlfriend.  It wasn't  much of a part for her considerable talents, but she played it well.<br />All  in all an excellent movie, I plan to purchase the DVD today.
B000000P17|4.0|Duff really takes control and delivers while axel helps out with the classic &quot;Ain't it fun&quot;.A must for G N R fans
1568491581|5.0|In many of the self improvement books available in the market today, a number of areas are stressed as relevant in our personal growth - self control, discipline, empathy and love. We are informed that if these are    present in our lives, we will obtain happiness, fulfilment and maximise our  talents and abilities.<br />In addition to these, all problems will be solved  or at least be seen as opportunities to be welcomed with open arms. We are  in control of our destiny. Limits lie within us and the environment is only  the means by which we reach our ambitions.<br />If \\"The Road Less Travelled\\"  had followed these much trodden pathway, its fate would be like many of its  contemporaries; no reprints and best forgotten by those who had read  them.<br />M. Scott Peck fully acknowledged that life is difficult and this  forms the first sentence in the book. Although to some extent the author  wrote on self development and growth, this forms only the peripheral.  Problems exists and it do not go away. The author fully acknowledge the  significant of religion and grace (the unexplainable in science) and its  role in providing us with our fulfilment in life. The author unashamedly  points out his conviction on this matter with rigour and wrote passionately  and convincingly.<br />Any books on self development and improvement that  emphasised mainly on our personalities and actions simply ignored the many  real limitation in our actions. Born with disabilities, incurable illness,  tragedies and accidents, all these are beyond our control and impact our  lives tremendously. Our actions then  becomes our  limitations.<br />Nevertheless, the one small blemish in this book is the  overconfident and belief in psychoanalysis of the author. I am not a great  fan of Freud and I find somehow unconvinced our midnight dreams are the  wisdom of the unconscious. However this should not distract us from the  great worth of the book and it should be thoroughly read and  absorbed.<br />Undoubtedly, M. Peck Scott has provided to us a new approach to  live our life and it should be adopted by many as the right course to  embark upon.
B00004U45G|4.0|This disc is a HUGE pleasant surprise! While I've always liked the Black Crowes, when I first heard of this team up, I was skeptical. (Didn't Great White mine this territory before?) When i first heard  &quot;Hertbreaker&quot; on the radio, I was SHOCKED how good it sounded!  Page was fantastic as always, but Robinson&quot;s vocals really grabbed me  by ow strong and soulful they sounded. There's only ONE Robert Plant, but  this record is very much worth your while. To hear newlife pumped into  these awesome songs is a treat!
B000003Z4C|2.0|Let Love In is my fist Nick Cave venture. I'm not a raving fan, but I'm not about to use the CD for a coaster either. Cave is an expressive baritone with a voice reminiscent of Leonard Cohen and the gruffness of Tom  Waits. Like Cohen, he sing-speaks several selections, but he's also capable  of singing and hitting all the notes on key. The similarity to Cohen goes  deeper than just vocals, it also includes delivery and song structure.  Seven of the ten compositions are dead-on Cohen sound-a-likes. I checked  the CD booklet to make sure it said \\"Words and music by Nick Cave.\\" \\"Do You  Love Me?\\" is almost note-for-note the same as Cohen's \\"First We Take  Manhattan\\": the only difference is the borrowed bass line from Marianne  Faithfull's \\"Strange Weather.\\" \\"Thirsty Dog\\" would be an original  thundering guitar rocker, if I didn't own a copy of the Eric Gales Band  debut. And I knew that there was something more familiar about \\"Jangling  Jack\\" than just the name \\"Jack.\\" Although distorted, \\"Jangling Jack\\" is a  speed version of the Stones' \\"Jumpin' Jack Flash.\\" After several plays of  Let Love In, I don't recognize these compositions as the distinctive work  of Nick Cave. For dark, gloomy and melancholy musical poetry, I'd just as  soon listen to the original. Sorry, but \\"I'm You Fan\\" doesn't apply here.
B00000J631|4.0|Overall, this compilation of 30-second tracks is pretty good, though it could've done with a lot less of the pop-punk bands and some of the more melodic punk bands, its like none of them can make a decent short punk song  like the awesome hardcore and ska bands can, although there are some  exceptions with Hi-Standard. I would really love having to never hear  another Pennywise or Lagwagon song, though. Some highlights of this album  are the Lunachicks, Rancid, Vandals, D.O.A., Dogpiss, and the Bar Feeders.  Most of the real stinkers are like Bad Religion, Lagwagon, Pennywise, and  Wizo; all bands whose every song written just begin to sound the same after  awhile until its all one rock-sludge. This album is very nice sampler of  every type of punk music currently out there, with some old school bands  thrown in as well.
B00000IXL1|4.0|Warwick's version of the Bacharach songs are the best.  I think somehow because the then fresh musical arrangement and Warwick's unique voice have seldom been copied or imitated.  Everybody else have done the songs the  tired old way.<br />Moreover, in my mind, Warwick has not sung (nor chosen)  any other song well.<br />It's a pity this CD does not include &quot;Papier  Mache&quot; and &quot;Theme from the Valley of the Dolls&quot;<br />Just the  same, 22 top songs aren't that bad.
0440180295|5.0|I plan to read more books by Vonnegut, this was a fantastic book!  The main character travels through time, has a new outlook on life, and lives all of his life out of sequence.  We are taken on these journeys and adventures with him, we travel to Germany in World War II and to a space  ship where he is kept in an alien zoo!
B000002NHN|5.0|The is her best CD album so far. I think the instruments played and her singing is the best , it makes me want to go to Ireland / overseas to see the places she sings about. The mummers song is the one song that made me  buy this CD but i think some of the others songs are even better than that  one.
B00003CWN3|5.0|I've been watching movies for almost 38 years and I have NEVER had an experience like the one I had while watching &quot;Boys Don'y Cry.&quot;<br />Both Hilary's and Chole's performances are nothing short of genius.  Kimberly Peirce's direction took both the cast and audience through a  cornicopia of emotions.  From the sheer joy I felt for Brandon as he found  a place that he felt he could call home to the absolute terror of the rape  scene, my heart broke for him several times as his story unfolded.<br />Above everything else that has been said about this movie, I think the  one message that came through loud and clear was the basic human need to  label people.  Wheather the label be man or woman, gay or straight, love or  hate.<br />BUY THIS MOVIE!  Show it to your friends and family.  No matter  what your personal feelings are towards the subject matter of this story,  please, please, PLEASE let's not forget Brandon's life and allow history to  repeat itself.  Next time, it could be someone you love.
B000001EL3|5.0|In 1976,Kiss had completed their first U.S. tour. The tour that heralded their Alive album.For their next studio album,the band wanted to go to another level.As Paul Stanley put it\\"We wanted to write songs beyond  sex and partying.\\"Bob Ezrin was hired.    Ezrin,who had previously  worked with Alice Cooper and Lou Reed,was a wunderkind producer.He could  make anything happen.Most of the albums he produced went either gold or  platnium.In a short time,he became a rock and roll guru.    The songs on  Destroyer are interesting in themselves.Detroit Rock City is an ode to the  city that became like a second home to them.King of the Night Time World is  a fantasy rocker about how a rock star feels around the woman he loves. God  of Thunder is a homage to mythology.It shows the mythic status that rock  stars have when they're famous.Great Expectations is about a woman infatuated  with a rock star.    Flaming Youth shows what would happen if young people  everywhere got together to take on the establishment if they were pushed  too far for too long.Shout It Out Loud,another rock anthem,continues this  cycle by encouraging young people to stand up for what they believe in and  to tell the establishment where to stick their attitude.    Beth,the most  interesting song ,is a song about a girl Peter was seeing at the time(The  working title was Beck.The girls name was Becky.Gene made him change the  title fearing that people would think he was pitching for the  competition,namely  Jeff Beck).Sweet Pain shows what could happen if girls  kept teasing guys who showed an interest in them.Do You Love Me? is a song  about a rock stars relationship.The rock star needs to know if she really  loves him or if she's using him for the material things he  provides.    Ezrin successfully combines sound effects,an orchestra and  session guitarists combined with the trademarked KISS Sound to create a unique aural image.This is Kiss's most  imaginative album.It also became their first platnium.Which it well  deserved.    So fans everywhere.Enjoy Destroyer.Their best yet.
B00000K0T8|5.0|ghost is, to me, 1 of the best story tellers in the game. he takes words and makes them his own. let me explain, if you have ever heard him or rae rhyme, it's like their own language. if you really listen,you can  understand, but if not you'll be lost in the sauce chief! also, ghost  doesn't mind gettin' personal wit' the listener. he puts it all on the  line. that takes courage, to put your thoughts out in the world and have  someone tell you about yourself. ghost if you ever read this &quot;you are  my favorite ARTIST&quot;, no one can hold a candle to you. sorry if this  doesn't help you buy the cd but, it's your loss if you don't.
1558807381|1.0|I first saw this film when I was about 8, and loving unicorns, thought it  was great. But now that I've seen it as a 22 year old I think differently.   I don't know if it was the abundance of glitter on Tom Cruise's face, the  annoying voices of almost all the characters, the 80's synthesizer  background music or the awful ending song, but I was dissapointed.  This is  1 1/2 hours of my life that I will never get back.  As a final word, kids  may like it, but adults (well everyone but my sister who actually owns this  movie) may be better off just watching it muted.  The scenes are beautiful  but can't make up for the annoying aspects.
B000002HFU|5.0|ol' dirty is a genius. he doesn't act wild, he is just that.this album, from start to finish, is bangin'. before i had heard it(in '95), there wasn't any more energy i have ever heard from another rap artist(i take  that back,busta rhymes is raw emotion), so naturally you can see why these  2 collaborated on the woo hah remix. back to the subject.dirty is mad funny  to.just the way he clowns on a record,he don't give a you know. listen to  the way ason @ the genius perfectly coincide on damage.the guest stars  shine too, but there is no way to outshine dirt dogg. he can write or  freestyle, he can come at you so many different ways. shxt, did you know,  there where labels tryin' to sign this cat at 12 years old? i rest my case
0393314804|5.0|Irvine Welsh is one of a few great writers to come from Scotland,but if you thought Trainspotting was good then read Maribou Stork Nightmares,it's an absolute classic.
B000002MTU|5.0|I almost laughed reading what a previous reviewer said about this album &quot;lacking soul&quot;.  Man, this is what Eric Clapton is all about.  He loves the blues, he lived the blues, he is a blues man.  When you hear him  growl in &quot;Groaning the Blues&quot;, that's Eric practically ripping  out his larynx singing the blues to its low-down-and-dirtiest.  Eric keeps  the blues's integrity alive by recording the songs straight-forward without  any overdubs (sans Motherless Child), and yet the sound of the songs are  uniquely his own even though they are covers.  <br />And his guitarwork in  this album is unparalleled.  FIVE LONG YEARS will blow you away.  I  listened to that song over and over and over and I couldn't get enough of  it.  If this won't get you to play air guitar, nothing will.<br />This, in my  opinion, is Eric Clapton's best work, period.  Eric should have never gone  astray to record hoary pop standards; his home is the blues.  Don't listen  to what the purists say; they don't know anything.  Listen to this CD  instead.
B00003W8NM|5.0|For once, the movie has managed to live up to the book from whence it came.  Fight Club forces you to take a look at society as it is and gives cause to wonder, are we really so bad off?
0060977493|2.0|I read this book with a lot of patience and hope! And as an Indian I wanted to believe that I was reading real literature. But frankly at the end of it all, it just seemed a trivial piece of diary writing. Again we  should not always look for a linear flow of story in a novel, that is true.  But then there should be something to at least sustain a readers interest.  Here I could find nothing. The tale is set in kerala; Some, maybe most of  the characters are autobiographical that much is obvious. And Arundhati is  settling scores with her father and some relatives that too is clear. But a  book definitely requires something more. And that is missing. What then  explains the success of this novel?  Clearly publishing hype, marketing  strategies and Arundhati's looks. The real test for Ms Roy willo be her  next book. You can write one autobiography and make claims to being a  heavyweight writer. But the second one will reveal her true talents.
B000002KNI|4.0|I have mixed feelings about this recording.  Certainly, the prospect of a S&amp;G reunion in their native New York in Central Park was an exciting proposition, and they are supported by crack New York session musicians.   The performances are fine, but.....something's just not right.  The  psuedo-jazz late seventies arrangements seem out of place in some of the  S&amp;G 60s classics, particularly the watery electric piano.  Makes the  performances sound dated...in the wrong era.  The most enjoyable songs are  the ones where the arrangements are sparsest - Scarborough Fair segues  nicely into April Come She Will. <br />Furthermore, in ways, this is a Paul  Simon concert with special guest Art Gunfunkel. There are many Paul Simon  songs from his solo years up until that time. Some of the Simon's solo  songs don't adopt well to suddenly becoming S&amp;G vehicles, though  Garfunkel's reading of American Tune is beautiful. Anyway, this reunion  smacks a bit of opportunism on the part of Simon, but I guess he's  entitled.<br />S&amp;G's saga parallels that of the Beatles - they took that  particular sound as far as they could, and then it was time to move on.  At  the time of breakup, I lamented it (I had to deal with the breakup of my  two favorite groups within six months of each other).  But, like the  Beatles, it was the right thing to happen. <br />That doesn't mean there can't  be &quot;reunion&quot; concerts or projects like this one, but it is true  that you can never really &quot;go back.&quot;  I am happy that S&amp;G  reconciled sufficiently to make an event like this possible - the Beatles  never did - and I am happy that it has been preserved for posterity. But,  if you really want to hear what S&amp;G were all about, you really need to  hear the original recordings.  This is merely a very nice gift to all their  fans, and for that we should be grateful.
B000000OTU|5.0|This album is a collection of some of Aerosmith's best songs from the past 10 years or so.  It includes DEUCES ARE WILD from THE BEAVIS AND BUTTHEAD EXPERIENCE and two new songs:  WALK ON WATER and BLIND MAN.  Both of them  are excellent.<br />The two ballads (CRYIN' and ANGEL) are Aerosmith at their  best.  LOVE IN AN ELEVATOR and DUDE (LOOKS LIKE A LADY) are my favorites of  the rockers.  The others are all good as well.  I don't think there's any  song on this album that I don't like.<br />If you're an Aerosmith fan, unless  you're one of those people who say that anything from PERMANENT VACATION on  is not &quot;true Aerosmith&quot;, then you should like this album.
0451167716|5.0|Mario Puzo, an otherwise quite forgettable author, has penned in &quot;The Godfather&quot; not only the greatest crime novel of the 20th century, but in reality, one of the greatest novels of any genre in the 20th century.   <br />The action opens quickly, there is good character development, excellent  background material, triumph, tragedy, and love.  Most of all, the novel  demonstrates a type of &quot;Old Testament&quot; system of honor totally  unknown any longer in modern society.<br />The novel demonstrates that, even  among the underworld of society, there exist many of the same problems that  the rest of us deal with:  family difficulties, desire for freedom,  security (or lack thereof) and religious crises.<br />An outstanding read,  well made into a series of good movies.
B00004U45G|4.0|This 2CD set gives of the power of Led Zeppelin in the studio in a live concert setting. The songs really shine thanks to the use of three guitars instead of one. Jimmy Page is my favorite guitar player of all time but he  could only do so much with one guitar even if that guitar was a  double-neck. The Crowes give their special blend of southern hard rock to  Zeppelin's classic songs. Page's playing is quite good as usual with some  mistakes but he plays with emotion not technique... Finally for the record,  Chris Robinson makes a fine Chris Robinson. He has a distinctive voice of  his own and his singing on the album is great compared to the endless  shrieking morons who have been clonning Robert Plant the last 30 years...  If your a Zeppelin fan or just a fan of good old fasioned guitar rock then  it's well worth getting in an age defined by bublegum boy bands and artists  who have little of the creativity which made the music on this set so  great!
0684874350|3.0|I read it.  In a day, 's matter a' fact.  I've wanted to for some time now, saw it on a chair at my niece's, sat in the chair, opened the cover and I didn't get up until I was done. There are many things that stick in  my mind.  His first pint and the way those in the pub raised their glasses,  fully aware of the gravity of the act; when I read about the time he slept  in his grandmother's black dress, I put the book down ('s too hard to read  when you're laughing like I was...).  Ah yeah, there's a lot in it and its  all good. If asked if its a good book, I'd stop, think, then say,  &quot;'Tis.&quot;
B0000029DD|5.0|There is simply no competition for this magnificent album.Anyone with any sense will add Grace to their collection, and marvel at THE VOICE. Highlights include Last Goodbye, Dream Brother, Eternal Life, and an  extraordinary cover of Leonard Cohen's Hallelujah. It seems that Buckley  will remain a prophet without honour is his own country, but we here in  Europe always understood. They whom the Gods love, die young.
B00004U30D|5.0|Well, what can I say that 273 other reviewers haven't? Probably very little, but here goes.<br />This film is Risky Business and The Graduate for  the YUPPIE set; and that's not a bad thing. It has the re-coming of age  qualities of both films.<br />Lester can't live another day in the charade of  his somnambulate existence. Luckily (or maybe not), there are new neighbors  in Pleasantville. Ricky, the 18 year old kid next door, becomes Lester's  idol. He is one who appears to have life figured out. Don't stress; lie  only when necessary; and placate the enemy, while laughing  inside.<br />There's also a nod to sex, lies and videotape; with Ricky an avid  voyeur, but more out of curiosity than perversion. It's as if he is an  calm, objective alien; taking notes on a typical family. But as the poster  reads and the camcorder zoom exhibits; look closer. Americana is crumbling  inside. This is nothing new. Any Freudian would tell you that (his  hysterical patients were seemingly normal housewives bursting inside from  years of supression).<br />What makes this film work is the wonderful script,  incredible acting, haunting cinematography, and timing. It's as if it  needed to be made right now. You say you want a revolution? Well, here you  go. You don't need to hop on a bike with Peter Fonda. Just give up. Quit  the job you hate. Do what comes naturally; and most of all, be yourself.  Sometimes we need teenagers to teach us this. When they're not posing for  their friends, they're natural. They're alive. They're dreaming.
B00000F1D3|4.0|I purchased this CD in 1999, and I'm still in awe of over just how great this CD is.<br />Each song on this cd, is unique, and utterly amazing for a woman that is 54 and still makes continious hits. My only complaint is that  Cher's remix of &quot;We All Sleep Alone,&quot; is a bit of disappointment.  But all around, it's a must have CD, and I give it a four star rating.
B00004SW9R|3.0|It's difficult to objectively critique this disc in 2000. While in 1968 the voodou-drenched peculiarities of the Louisiana bayou may have been creepy and enigmatic, Cajun culture today is a threadbare marketing  platform that's been used to hock everything from hot sauce to sport-utes,  and is about as spooky as Disney's haunted house.<br />Given that, it's  difficult to take the Creole hocus-pocus of Gris-gris too seriously. While  the disc can be at times intense and may have been quite unsettling in its  day, as I listen to it now, it comes off a bit... well... silly. <br />Of  course, that's not to say that it's bad; it's actually quite enjoyable.  However, those expecting a &quot;New Orleans&quot; album in the traditional  sense might want to think twice. The focus of this set is not sharp, and  the acid often oversteps the gumbo. For instance, the baroque, free-form  &quot;Croker Courtbullion&quot; sounds much more like an outtake from  Anthem of the Sun than anything you might associate with the Crescent City,  and the laid back &quot;Mama Roux&quot; might not seem out of place on  War's All Day Music. When it does click, though, it's quite something.  Standouts for me include the dark, textured &quot;I Walk on Guided  Splinters&quot; and the intense, tribal &quot;Danse Kalinda ba  Doom.&quot;<br />Gris-gris is an interesting, if uneven, time capsule of late  '60s experimentation -- and should be accepted as such. For a similar vibe  in a more easy-to-digest packet, however, I might suggest the fierce, funky  Wild Magnolias.
0684833395|3.0|This book makes me feel like it's trying to trick me into thinking that pointless killing is a bad thing.  It talks to me as if I am 100% convinced that pointless killing is actually a good wholesome thing, a proper thing  for countries to do in their spare time.<br />As a result, I feel like I  have to constantly try to think of reasons why war is good.  This makes me  feel dirty.  I don't like that.<br />Yossarian isn't particularly likeable,  although he does feel about as passionately against the idea of dying for  one's country as I do.  This makes me think that I am not particularly  likeable either.  I don't like that either.<br />In fact, I didn't much like  this book.  Some of the sentences were really funny, but it didn't really  make me think.  A book that talked about why war was a great and funny  thing would be more interesting because I might actually have to think  about the points they were trying to make rather than just nod my head and  say, &quot;yup, that's right, right again, yup yup&quot;.
6305807930|4.0|. . . and that's just as it should be.  I disagree with those who say the  plot is hard to follow. It's more that there is no plot, just a series of  events, some more understandably connected than others.  This film is close  to being an exercise in pure surrealism.  It's as if Argento threw up his  hands and said, &quot;Screw it.  I usually have a hard time managing a  coherent storyline, so this time I'm not even going to worry about it.  I'm  just going to construct a vague framework and go nuts with the nightmare  imagery that is my forte and have a great time.&quot;  Which of course  would have been disastrous if it wasn't for the fact that Argento is a  brilliantly imaginative visual stylist.  To paraphrase Pauline Kael's  review of David Lynch's The Elephant Man, this is not the usual movie where  narrative is the glue that holds everything together; here, imagery is all.   Argento holds you rapt with one entrancing, eerie and dreamlike scene  after another.  There's also one inspired moment of black humor when a man  being attacked by rats--well, I don't want to give it away.  Suffice to say  it's a great joke that very wittily subverts your movie-watching  expectations and (it seems to me) makes a satirical comment about New York  at the same time.
0345423496|2.0|Arthur Clarke will go down in history as one of the best science fiction writers of all time.  Unfortunately, this book is not worthy of him.  He wrote it in just one month, and it reads like it.  It's hardly well thought  through, and falls flat on the mind.  Stick with his earlier works.
0783225970|5.0|How far would you go to give yourself freedom of choice.<br />Pacino forgot  what freedom was and went for the world.<br />One of the most powerful films  over the past 15 years.<br />You need to watch it more than once to really get  in to Tony Montana's (Al Pacino) brain.<br />Ask yourself.  How far would you  have gone?
0061020710|5.0|I had been delaying reading the Discworld series because I never could find this book, the first one in the series. Thanks to the publisher for finally republishing it so I could get started - these books are the  funniest books I've read in quite a while. If you haven't read them yet, do  yourself a favor and at least pick up this one. Pratchett's writings are  similar to Douglas Adams at his best; but, unlike Adams, the quality of  these books does not decline as the number increases.
B000002AQQ|3.0|Okay, so I wasn't there back in the day.  Someone played this collection on the stereo in school and I immediatly fell in love with the music. So I went out and bought the album and listened to it over and over.  I found I  liked certain artists and got their cds and the collection sort of grew and  grew until I found there wasn't really a use for the Forrest Gump  Soundtrack I bought almost a year ago.  Since then I think I haven't  listened to this collection once.  So it's really up to you.  It can serve  as a great introduction but then again you can always start off with a  fantastic album like, let's say &quot;Born To Run&quot; and still not waste  twenty something dollars.    There are pros and cons; it's a hard decision.   Eany meany miny moe, catch a tiger by the toe...
0805047905|5.0|What an amazing book!  My 3yr old could not put it down. He read the book over and over again. Probably by the 3rd time he actually new it by heart. Now when we have company over, he has to read his forvorite book and what a  delight!
B000002513|5.0|Each Bruce album has something to love.  This one is nothing like Darkness on the Edge of town; it puts a smile on your face.  In other words, The Wild, The Innocent, and the E Street Shuffle feels incredibly upbeat in its  world of Wild Billies and Rosalitas.  This happiness(is that the word for  it?) and fun surrealness is why the cd has been playing over and over on my  stereo today.  Buy this album for its ability to get you up when you're  feeling down.<br />Buy it for Rosalita.<br />Buy it to hear Bruce say &quot;And  that elephant dance real funky&quot;.
B00000IAU3|5.0|Dido will most likely be lumped into the &quot;singer/songwriter&quot; group of such singers as Sarah McLachlan, Tori Amos, and other Lilith performers. However, Dido manages to find her own distinct voice through  her songs which are wonderfully put together on this album. The opener  &quot;Here With Me&quot; gained popularity from the Roswell TV show, and is  one of the stronger cuts on the disc. The second song &quot;Hunter&quot;  easily shines as the best song on the album. Dido sings of obsession and  the &quot;hunt&quot; and makes a catchy tune without falling into the mold  of pop radio today. The rest of the album is full of hidden gems like  &quot;Thankyou&quot; which praises a mate. The song leaves quite an  impression. This disc has much potential if it is discovered a bit more. In  no way should this album become hugely mainstreamed but some more publicity  wouldn't hurt the disc.
B000001EL3|5.0|if you are a big kiss fan and don't have this album, go out and buy it.  from the rocking songs like detroit rock city and god of thunder to the soft songs like great expectations and beth.  get a great kiss album if you  don't have it.
6302969352|5.0|i first got to see this movie when i was around 7-8 years old. back then i  remember that most of the shows, if not all, on tv were black and white.  i  particularly  enjoyed the samurai movies with toshiro mifune. this was no  exception. seven samurai is truly a classic which anyone will enjoy.  &quot;divide and conquer&quot; and &quot;teamwork&quot; are some ideas one  can learn  and apply in the battlefield of life.
6305470464|5.0|This was an excellent movie full of award winning actors. I am a huge fan of Gillian Anderson and she did a wonderful job playing the part of Meredith. They came up with the perfect actors to play the parts. They did  a wonderful job casting. This is a wonderful movie for people to see if you  like comedies and dramas. Especially if you like most of the actors that  play in the movie.
B00004TL21|5.0|White Pony is the most original and talented album to come out of this 'nu-metal' scene for a very long time. I was afraid that the Deftones would get stuck in this 'nu-metal' scene with bands like Korn and Limp Bizkit and  then forgotten. But, defiant as always, the Deftones have broken free of  the restrictive bonds of this dying scene. The scene is dying because it is  running out of the momentum it had earlier that was created by the great,  original albums like Korn's debut in '94. Also, the fact that everyone  thinks Bizkit have sold out doesn't help matters for the scene.<br />White  Pony, using distortion as a medium, allows the Deftones to portray deep  emotion as can be seen in 'digital bath' and 'knife prty'. The first song  'feiticeira' grows on you and gets you immediately interested in this very  original effort. The simple, but wonderful 'pink maggit' rounds off the  best album of the new millenium with glorious colors. Even though White  Pony has been criticized for not being rugged enough, I personally feel  'elite' makes up for all of that. Moreno's voice elevates this album above  and beyond any 'nu-metal' album and Cunningham's drumming is reminiscent of  Chad Sexton from 311's amazing talent. Overall this is an amazing album  which will hopefully propel the Deftone's out of the dying 'nu-metal'  groove and create a new scene for more 'art-rock' bands to thrive in...
B00003Q43A|5.0|I really have to say that this movie is a real crowd pleaser because it  appeals to the whole of the audience.  There is something in it for  everyone and if you have not seen it, then what are you waiting for?  This  movie was made for DVD format, and the picture quality and sound pratically  jump out of the screen. <br /> Now I know you are wondering if you should get  this movie or not.  It is worth being coded to DVD?  Yes.  Are the new  scenes super spectacular?  No.  Although this 2 disc DVD set is soo full of  content, does the special edition really make this spectacular movie any  greater?  Not really.  The new added scenes just add to character content  within the movie.  It really is wierd that I still get pretty sad when I  watch the scene when the president learns that his wife is dying and his  daughter asks if she is sleeping now.  That really adds alot to the movie  by giving us a dose of reality that nothing bad happens to the good guys.   Another example is when William Wallace loses his wife in Braveheart.   Overall this is a good DVD to get if you are a huge fan of the movie.  Hope  this helps with some questions you might have of the Special Edition.
B000002MP2|5.0|Green Day is living proof that punk rock is still holding out amongst the pop boy and girl bands.  With true punk songs such as long view and basket case this is an excellent album.
0060977493|5.0|I can see that this book might not appeal to everybody, but I really loved it.  I read the first chapter once, found it interesting, but I wasn't compelled to read any more, as there didn't seem to be going anywhere.  But  next time I came across it I read it all at once, and was fascinated.  It  was the first book I've ever read where I immediately began to reread it  right from the beginning.  The more you read of the book, the more falls  into place, and then when you read it again you notice things you didn't  notice properly before.  Every sentence is important, and yet I don't think  it should be read, paying close attention to details, as it can take away  from the whole.  Highly recommended.
B000002MP2|5.0|Green Day is living proof that punk rock is still holding out amongst the pop boy and girl bands.  With true punk songs such as long view and basket case this is an excellent album.
0375501851|5.0|&quot;White Teeth&quot; is an amazing read, a novel so large with a reach so extended one can only marvel at Zadie Smith's ability to pull it into one cohesive whole.  Smith covers so many issues--religion, race, science,  gender-- with so many characters that it's a true testament to her  abilities I didn't get lost somewhere around page 300.  No, each character  has his or her own voice; Smith's ability to credibly speak for so many  points of view is perhaps the greatest strength of &quot;White Teeth.&quot;   The only caveat (and one not large enough to change my rating from  anything but 5 stars) is that she sometimes seems in love with her own  prose.  The love is usually justified, given her obvious and considerable  talents, but Smith's ramblings become tedious, almost contrived more than  once.  A great book nonetheless.  ThE best novel I've read all year!
B00004T9UF|5.0|I have always like Eminem and his old albums but this one beats them all. The lyrics are more violent and the things he comes out with are more sickning than before thats why people love him!
0385493622|4.0|A mind boggling trip into the world of number theory and the path that Andrew Wiles incessantly followed for EIGHT whole years in order to solve a 360 year old puzzle: There are no solutions to Pythagora's theorem for  powers higher than 2! Sounds simple? Wait until you see the  demonstration.<br />However, one does not have to understand elliptical  equations, modular forms, the Taniyama-Shimura conjecture, or  Kolyvagin-Flach method to enjoy this captivating exploration of superior  mathematics. I personally have had a love hate relationship to mathematics,  thanks to &quot;kind&quot; teachers, but now I'm over it. If you feel the  same, this book might be the cure or at least the begining in understanding  the beauty of the mathematical universe.
B000001OAA|5.0|Well, i know, if you're reading this at this time and you don't have the album yet, you have missed a lot in modern music. Anyway, i wanted to post a review on a band that i consider to be the best new thing to happen in  pop in the 90s. Garbage has that it's-not-rock, it's-not-totally-pop thing  that Depeche Mode has (Mode is my fav band of all time), and they achieve a  great goal in their field. You know what Butch Vig did for alternative  music, and you wonder: ¿Why is this guy not making music like Nirvana or  Smashing Pumkpkins?. The you buy the album and it becomes clear. Garbage is  a great band, headed by a smart-mega-beauty named Shirley Manson. She's the  one that writes the lyrics, great lyricas about life, some movies, and lots  of interesting things. The music on this first album is extraordinary, i  wonder who they came up with those catchy tunes, without sounding cheesy.  This is a very interesting mainstream album. By the way MILK is one of the  most sad and beautiful ballads ever written. <br />Nuff Said.
6305892946|4.0|after enjoying the other 2 screams,this one topped them off!forget what happened in the first 2,this one changes them all!if your in for a good slasher flick,this is the one 2c!
B00000DHRX|5.0|A lot of people may stumble upon this 2-CD George Michael compilation and laugh, and you can't really blame them: in George's post-&quot;Faith&quot; career, more attention has been paid to his personal antics than the music itself.  First there was the I-never-meant-to-be-such-a-big-star drama that surrounded &quot;Listen Without Prejudice,&quot; which wouldn't have been so bad if his wrongful complaints weren't so transparent (anyone with a brain could tell you the way to rebel against the commercial end of the music industry wouldn't be refusing to appear in your own videos, but refusing to make them altogether).  Then there was the ultra-serious &quot;Older,&quot; which was artistically respectful enough, but themes like death and AIDS would certainly scare off fans of &quot;I Want Your Sex.&quot; And then of course there was the infamous Public Restroom Incident.  No wonder his music has gotten lost in the shuffle.<br />However, with enough time gone by, it's easier to separate the art from the artist, and this collection contains some of the best blue-eyed soul you are likely to find in contemporary music.  George's rich and soulful voice is exquisite on classic ballads like &quot;Careless Whisper,&quot; &quot;One More Try,&quot; and &quot;Kissing a Fool,&quot; while the funk quotient is turned up dangerously high on &quot;Fastlove&quot; and &quot;Star People&quot; (the two saving graces from &quot;Older&quot;).  Additionally, &quot;Freedom 90&quot; still generates head bobs and &quot;Father Figure&quot; is still one of his most moving performances to date. But whether he tackles a tender ballad or an itchy dance number, George's love of music and singing is not only obvious, it's infectious...who else could take a ridiculous line like &quot;I'd love to see you naked, baby&quot; (from the irresistible &quot;Too Funky&quot;) and make it sound like so much fun?<br />We're also treated to some delicious rarities: first George turns in a gorgeous vocal with AstrudGilberto for a fine reading of the Bossa Nova classic &quot;Desafinado,&quot; and just when you think you've heard all the remakes of &quot;I Can't Make You Love Me&quot; you can stomach, he offers up the best version of the tune since Bonnie Raitt.  The spectacular Jimmy Jam &amp; Terry Lewis remix of &quot;Monkey&quot; is included, and then of course there's the disco-happy &quot;Outside,&quot; an ode to sex in the great outdoors that serves as a hilarious (and danceable) flip-off to his arrest.<br />The only complaint is the curious exclusion of the main version of &quot;I Want Your Sex.&quot; Actually recorded as a three-part suite, we're given Part II here, with different verse lyrics and a bold horn section...certainly not the guilty pleasure you recall dominating radio in the late 80's.  But to sweeten the deal, Epic Records has priced this to be one of the cheapest two-disc sets you are likely to find, so it's high time we all forgive George for the times he may have shocked or annoyed us.  Chock full of first-rate pop/soul, immaculately produced and sung to perfection, &quot;Ladies and Gentlemen&quot; represents the George Michael so many of us remember, love, and miss.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|This is the follow up to a less than stellar, but not bad Evil Empire.  The Battle of Los Angeles is a great CD and captures the energy that their self titled debut had.  Songs like Born of a Broken Man, Maria, Ashes in  the Fall, New Millenium Homes, and Sleep now in the Fire make this CD worth  getting.  They still use the rock and rap beat that Evil Empire had, but  they use some more of that pure hard core funk that made Rage Against the  Machine famous.  They let Tom Morello use his genuis of the guitar and add  a little something to each song to make it that much better.  Overall I  would say that every song is good and some better than others, but if you  like Rage Against the Machine then you better add this to the collection  because it is great.
B00004RFCM|2.0|The shoe is great. My review is for the Dvd. The only advantage in buying  the dvd is to skip shows. The transfer is awful!! I can not stress this  enough. I have vcr tapes that have been taped over multiple times that look  better!!!! beware on this one if you expect to get at least a decent xfer!
B000002LIX|2.0|I have to disagree with the Amazon review that states this is &quot;by far their best album.&quot;  My friends and I were big fans of Nothing's Shocking, and their first eponomyous album from XXX records. I remember  eagerly awaiting the release of this album.  With the exception of Three  Days, we were all disappointed.  <br />The songs seemed good for a listen or  two, but nothing deeper.  They seemed more created for catchy radio play  than for anything else.  <br />While I can still enjoy Nothing's Shocking  today, who doesn't change the radio station when you hear those stupid  barking dogs from Been Caught Stealing?
B00004U45G|5.0|I was always a big fan of Zeppelin.  However, I felt live they weren't up to par because of the one guitar limit.  This takes care of that problem.  The sound is great and Jimmy Page hasn't sounded better in over ten years.   I highly recommend this CD, even if you're not a Crowes fan (although you  should be!).
B00004SCX6|5.0|The first time I listened all the way through the CD, I knew that it was going to be a hit. There aren't any songs that I think are bad, I like them all really. What U See (Is What U Get) and Lucky should be the next singles  in my opinion. Maybe Stronger or Can't Make You Love Me could be too. The  people who are leaving bad reviews for this CD make me laugh. They are just  trying to vent some jealousy over Britney's sucess on a review that will be  tucked away in amazon archives and maybe 3 people will eventually read it.  Try and leave helpful reviews about why you don't like the CD, not bad  reviews on Britney without even hearing the CD. If you are a fan, this CD  will absolutely amaze you, I promise!
1558908358|5.0|I saw this movie for the first time in a THEATER back in 1982/83. I then recorded off TV in 1989 and have watched it about 20 times since. I agree, the story is a little hokey at times but you have to look at the whole  picture (no pun intended), it was ground breaking and innovative, kinda'  like Metropolis was in it's time. I don't have a DVD player (yet) so I  ordered the video (brand new) and have watched it a few times. It gets  better and better each time. I wish they would revamp it and re-release it  again in 2002 for it's 20th anniversary. It sits right next to my other  ground breaking videos (Star Wars, Blade Runner, Toy Story). My 7 year old  loves it and asks many questions about the &quot;olden days&quot;..you  know...PONG and Lunar Lander. <br />Bottom Line.....GET THIS MOVIE!
B000023VR6|4.0|This is a dope cd but would have been better without eminem. Imagine that I am white and I don't like eminem but anyway the reason to buy this is because of the song xxplosive which is way better than that forget about  who song. Would have gave it 5 but eminem was in it.
B0000025RQ|5.0|Since the release of their 1980 album &quot;British Steel&quot;, Judas Priest was promise to hit it big one day. But after &quot;British Steel&quot;, came their 1981 album &quot;Point Of Entry&quot; which was a  fair album, but the &quot;Point Of Entry&quot; was more of a slap-together  album with no feeling what so-ever. I mean don't get me wrong &quot;Point  Of Entry&quot; was good but it just doesn't hold up and loses hold of the  listener. But their 1982 album &quot;Screaming For Vengeance&quot; holds up  just fine, you can listen to it from start to finish and feel that justice  has been served to any Priest-fan. I mean &quot;Screaming....&quot; has a  lot of stuff that &quot;Point Of Entry&quot; just didn't have, and that  pure feeling, it was more like a powerhouse breaking through your stereo  system. Songs like &quot;Riding The Wind&quot;, &quot;Pain And  Pleasure&quot; and &quot;Fever&quot; are just classics without the help of  any commerical what so-ever. To me this album reminds of Def Leppard's 1981  classic &quot;High n' Dry&quot; because the whole structure of the album  holds up and keeps you wanting more. After this album Priest was getting  it's taste of success and was starting to lose it's fire for cash. Albums  like &quot;Defenders Of The Faith&quot; (1984), &quot;Turbo&quot; (1986)  and &quot;Ram It Down&quot; (1988) have more of a commerical sound and  don't hold up it's end of the bargin. After &quot;Screaming For  Vengeance&quot; i sadly lost faith in a band that made really great music  for their genre. Everthing from &quot;Sad Wings Of Destiny&quot; (1976) up  until &quot;Screaming For Vengeance&quot; (1982) are my Judas Priest  forever. Be true to metal, Priest fans and never cash-in........
B00004SCS1|4.0|The main reason to buy this CD is the punk/rap/rock song Sugar. The rest of the CD is real good too. I'm real happy with my purchase and I'm sure you will be too. This group is sure to release a couple of other singles  from this under-rated CD.
B00004SCX6|5.0|Britney's second album is worth buying. My favorite song is the title track, &quot;Opps...I did it again.&quot; Other songs worth mentioning are: &quot;Lucky,&quot; which is my second favorite, &quot;What You See is What  You Get,&quot; &quot;Don't Let Me Be the Last to Know&quot; (ballad),  &quot;Stronger.&quot; The worst song on the album is &quot;I Can't Get No  Satisfaction.&quot; However, it is still better than some of the junk other  artists are peddling. Some critics say &quot;Opps&quot; sounds like  &quot;baby one more time.&quot; When it starts out it does, but make no  mistake, Britney doesn't need to take from her first album. This is a great  album and I recommend it. I also recommend seeing Brit in concert. Britney  is fierce on the dance floor. She sings, she dances, she's nice. What more  could you ask for?
0312853238|5.0|I have read a great number of the reviews, though certainly not all of them, since there are over 1,000 as of this time.  I loved the book, truly and simply.  This is my first Card novel, though not the last, certainly.   I am looking forward to seeing how things pan out from here in the  sequels.<br />There are two things I can quibble about.  One is that I guessed  one of the plot twists, and was somewhat surprised that Ender did not do so  himself (I am trying to be circumspect for those who hate spoilers).  I  have one other quibble that is more of a spoiler and I can't think how to  put it discretely so skip the next paragraph if you want to miss it.  Even  so I will try to talk around it, at the risk of losing clarity.<br />It struck  me as odd that the adults seemed to control the strategic aspects of the  situation, and left Ender, genius that he was, to deal with problems at a  more tactical level.  I would have thought that our hero would have made  more of a difference being the overriding brain behind the entire effort  (coach and general manager so to speak) rather than being just a battle  leader (quarterback).  Of course, changing this would have radically  changed the book, and would have destroyed much of the plot, so I  understand why it was done that way.<br />I certainly have no quibble with the  physics, first I am not qualified to do so, and second, I am sure that  inventions we have not dreamed of will continue to appear that contradict  to a large degree our &quot;certainties.&quot;  If you doubt this, please  read &quot;A Brief History of Time,&quot; by Hawkings.  We know a lot, but  not that much, about how things really work.  <br />One of the great things  about this book was the number of times one could think, &quot;If this had  worked out just a little different, think how the course of history would  have changed.&quot;  I refer to the book's history, of course.  Those  thoughts drew me into a lot of thinking about the story, even asI was  racing to the conclusion to find out what happened next. <br />Highly  recommended to both adults and to kids over about the age of eleven.
6305095566|4.0|&quot;The Evil Dead&quot; is one of my favourite horror movies and certainly one of the most important horror flicks ever made. It's a pity that, in Germany, you only can get the &quot;cut&quot; version (with less  gore than the original, of course). But what the heck, it's still a  spine-chilling experience to watch Raimi's masterpiece. The movie itself is  far better than most people believe, it does certainly not rely merely on  cheap shock effects, but what you can find is also a great deal of  references to other movies - especially old Hammer pictures from the 60's  (e.g. the sinister surroundings, the fog hovering everywhere). Of course  you shouldn't watch it if you already can't sleep after watching  &quot;Gremlins&quot;, but if you love real good horror films, you must get  yourself into &quot;Evil Dead&quot;. Suspense, fun and gore galore  guaranteed.
0440219078|5.0|I've read my share of books day in and day out of my life but few stay with me like Lois Lowry's &quot;The Giver.&quot;  I first picked it up in fifth grade and never understood it leading me to buy a copy and re-reading it to see what I missed.  Little did I know it turned out more haunting the  more times I read it.<br />The title character Jonas goes through a  rollarcoaster ride in this novel that even adults should read as well.   Imagine living in a &quot;negative society&quot; like that of 1984, this  book does just that again but everything is more controlled.  Imagine  having no pain, no true feelings, no love, and this books strips you clean  and makes you proud of the world you live in today.<br />The ending is left  unexplained like my weekly &quot;X-Files&quot; and left for the reader to  decide what really happens.<br />The books is sad, I've read it at least 8  times now, and I'm 17 years old.  This is how much this book has molded me  into a greater person.<br />No doubt if you pick up this book it *will* change  your life.
B00001NFCY|5.0|This is one of those Cd's that you can listen to from beginning to end. The whole CD is awesome. My favorite songs are WHAT IF, WITH ARMS OPEN WIDE, and the HUGE hit, HIGHER. They have a unique rock sound, that is not  to heavy, yet certainly not soft. They have been compared to Pearl Jam,  whichis a fair comparison. You will be happy with your purchase.
B00004U2GH|5.0|I bought this disc because the record store i was shopping at was playing it over its loudspeakers. it is the first &quot;country&quot; album i've ever listened to, and i must confess i am infatuated. i've listened to it  twice through now, and it has held my undivided attention. cash's songs are  electric, and his affect on the prisoners is amazing. the record is truly  wonderful, and has inspired me to go out and purchase &quot;at folsom  prison&quot; as well. this is a &quot;must have&quot; album for music  lovers of all types!
B00004U30D|5.0|Get ready for the real America with &quot;American Beauty.&quot;  A movie with all forms of cinema categories:  there is comedy, suspence,drama, fantasy, etc. Topics of everyday life tumble with everyday families: pot,  adultery, betrayal, abuse, homosexuality, and obsession; all rolled into  one. This is just the type of movie that speaks the truth about everyday  living, and how beauty is blind to a lot of people.  The casting couldn't  be better, the acting couldn't be better; definitely to go down as a  classic.  Hell, it got Best Picture didn't it; and Best Actor for Kevin  Spacey, plus the other 3 this movie received.  If you haven't seen this  must-see yet, you don't know what you're missing.
B000002BE9|4.0|Fiona's voice is a distinct beauty. Her songwriting is beyond her years--powerful and honest.<br />I didn't like Fiona when I first heard her way back in '96 (seems like eons ago). I thought &quot;shadowboxer&quot;  was boring. A year later I still didn't like her or her new song,  &quot;sleep to dream&quot;--it was boring too. But I began to respect her,  artistically. I knew she had talent and could sing and write very well (a  combination lacking in today's music). By the end of 1997, I fell in love  with her song, &quot;sullen girl&quot; and the rest of her album, through a  friend's copy of &quot;TIDAL&quot;. <br />Now &quot;sleep to dream&quot; is  one of my favorite songs, and I also like &quot;shadowboxer&quot;.  &quot;Sullen Girl&quot; is a song anyone, male or female, could relate to  in regards to the lyrics:'Days like this, I don't know what to do with  myself . . .' Of course the song turns out to be about her rape. The rest  of the album is flawless. Even the slower, less appealing tracks, &quot;The  Child is Gone&quot;, &quot;Slow Like Honey&quot; have a unique, beautiful  sound. It's hard to pick a favorite track cuz there's so many good  ones--&quot;Never is a Promise&quot; is a meditation on hopelessness and  that familiar suicidal urge, &quot;Criminal&quot; is one of the best songs  to hit the airwaves in years, and &quot;The First Taste&quot; is  perfect.<br />Overall, this is an impressive debut. It's rare to find a young  female artist who can sing AND write so well.
0060194995|5.0|I am 13 years old and had to read this book for summer reading this summer (summer of 9th grade) and believe it or not I fell in love with it. I read the whole book in 2 days. This book contains views from the eyes of a  child. It is filled with history, suspense,drama and many other interesting  topics. Harper Lee truly is a person with a wonderful gift. To Kill A  Mockingbird puts your beliefs to the test. I highly recomend this book for  people ages 13 and older because there is some slight vaulgarity. Read this  book and find out if truth prevails.
B00004TL21|2.0|This CD was definitely a disapointment. I like the song Change(in the House of Flies), but that is it. The rest of the album doesn't have anything to keep my interest. I have returned this to the store, because if  I kept it I would have never listened to it again. Don't waste your money.
0152023984|2.0|Don't buy the new translation of this classic until you have read David Kipen's review in the June 21st San Francisco Chronicle (available at the paper's website). Kipen goes into detail about the specific word choices  that render the new edition charmless. If you want to enjoy this book and,  more importantly, to turn on a new reader, stick with the Woods  translation.
6305268843|5.0|I loved this film from the first time I saw it on Sky Box Office. The  photography was excellent and the way the actors/actresses interacted was  brilliant.  Ever since then I have been trying to rent or nuy the video but  with no success - is this ever going to be issued in the UK to buy.
B000001FSP|5.0|When Marianne Faithfull's &quot;Broken English&quot; hit these shores, it was a wonderful tonic for those of us weary of the pop banalities of the time (Journey, REO, Cheap Trick to name a few). Her raw, jagged voice is so  evocative on this album that even tho it's short by today's standards,  you'll feel like you've travelled a minefield.<br />Some of the stand-outs  include her rendition of John Lennon's &quot;Working Class Hero&quot;  (Lennon reportedly thought her version made his sound wimpy) &amp; the song  of ultimate betrayed love &quot;Why D'ya Do It?&quot;. &quot;The Ballad of  Lucy Jordan&quot; takes us into the head of a suburban housewife who dreams  of other lives &amp; Faithfull's voice cracks wonderfully on the chorus,  bringing incredible feeling into what could be a trite cliche. &quot;Broken  English&quot; is a great Euro-dance tune. <br />If you're looking for an album  to brighten your day, &quot;Broken English&quot; is NOT for you! If you're  looking for something to listen to at 1AM after a lovers quarrel, you can't  go wrong here!
B000001Y42|4.0|This is the CD that started the new rock craze. It converted many rap fans to rock fans. Limp Bizkit is responsible for the whole rock scene using rap with rock beats. This whole CD rocks and Fred Durst proves why he is the  premier vocalist in rock today. He appeals to everyone. This CD is a must  have for any rock, even rap, fan. Fast-paced, up-beat, motivating Cd.  Perfect for blasting in the car.
B00000JCB2|4.0|If this whole album contained songs as good as &quot;Nookie&quot;, &quot;Just Like This&quot;, and &quot;Break Stuff&quot; I think it would be a contender for being the best metal album of all time. . . But not all the  songs are as good as those. The Album starts off ABSOLUTELY FABULOUS, but  then gets a little softer (With &quot;Rearranged&quot;), then became more  of a total rap album (With &quot;N2Gether Now&quot;) then came a whole slur  of songs that had good parts here and there, but altogether were obviously  a desperate attempt to fill the extra time. For this reason I would give  the album about 2 or 3 stars, but &quot;Nookie&quot;, &quot;Just like  this&quot;, and &quot;Break Stuff&quot; are such great songs that this  album deserves 4 stares. But if you're the type of person who loves a  variety in music styles, it deserves 5 stares. Either way, if you like  heavy metal, rap, or soft rock, GET THIS ALBUM !
B000002KD9|5.0|I listen to this cd more than just about all of my others.  All of the songs are like their own little masterpieces. &quot;Only Love Can Break Your Heart&quot; has got to be one of the finest melodies that Neil has  ever written. I would definitely recommend this cd to anyone who likes  Neil, but doesn't already own it because you're missing out on a lot.
B000002U9E|5.0|When Kate Bush's &quot;Hounds of Love&quot; was released in the US in 1985, there really had never been anything like it before. Altho techno-pop (Thompson Twins, Depeche Mode, Thomas Dolby et al) was popular, these bands  all were using synthesizers with only a few oscillators so that the sound  was rather thin. On &quot;Hounds of Love&quot; Bush was one of the first  pop artists to tackle the Fairlight synthesizer which was one of the first  &quot;sampling&quot; synths, not to mention the first truly polyphonic. It  was was also a humongous monster, each was custom made, &amp; they cost an  arm &amp; a leg!<br />Here we are 15 years later, sampling &amp; digital  technology has rendered the Fairlight a dinosaur, so how does &quot;Hounds  of Love&quot; hold up? WONDERFULLY! The songs are excellent, the use of  rhythms on &quot;Big Sky&quot; incredible &amp; Dave Gilmour (Pink Floyd)  contributes some burning guitar. This is an album that repays repeat  listening; there is always something new to hear in the multi-textural  instrumentations. Personally, I have never been without a copy of this  album since it first came out, &amp; I recommend you follow my example!
B000001Y5J|5.0|This album is loud, aggressive, and toyingly lets you come up for air (Pinion and Help Me I am in Hell) only to slam you back down with a tidal wave of sound and emotion.<br />It's tense and INtense.  It's something of a  departure from Pretty Hate Machine, much less poppy and radio friendly,  though I loved that album, too.  I know a lot of people who were in love  with PHM and then were very disillusioned and angered by Broken.  The thing  about any NIN album is that it's a real sonic and mental journey.  But it's  not a family road trip with planned stops and cozy amusement parks.   They're all harrowing adventures and you have to be open to where the road  brings you, even if it's to the edge of a cliff and then over it.
B00000JCB2|4.0|If this whole album contained songs as good as &quot;Nookie&quot;, &quot;Just Like This&quot;, and &quot;Break Stuff&quot; I think it would be a contender for being the best metal album of all time. . . But not all the  songs are as good as those. The Album starts off ABSOLUTELY FABULOUS, but  then gets a little softer (With &quot;Rearranged&quot;), then became more  of a total rap album (With &quot;N2Gether Now&quot;) then came a whole slur  of songs that had good parts here and there, but altogether were obviously  a desperate attempt to fill the extra time. For this reason I would give  the album about 2 or 3 stars, but &quot;Nookie&quot;, &quot;Just like  this&quot;, and &quot;Break Stuff&quot; are such great songs that this  album deserves 4 stares. But if you're the type of person who loves a  variety in music styles, it deserves 5 stares. Either way, if you like  heavy metal, rap, or soft rock, GET THIS ALBUM !
B00001OH7M|5.0|As an album, Space Oddity is often ignored because of the successful single, &quot;Space Oddity&quot;. Believe me, there's other good stuff on it besides &quot;Space Oddity&quot;. &quot;The Wild Eyed Boy From  Freecloud&quot; is one of my favorite songs ever. &quot;Cygnet  Committee&quot; is a very long and emotionally intense song that will leave  you speechless. I hope that this album leaves you speechless because that's  exactly what it did to me.
B000000W5L|5.0|What can you say about &quot;Exile on Main Street&quot; that hasn't been said before? If this had been the Stones' only album their place in music history would still be assured. What is truly outstanding about  &quot;Exile...&quot; as versus other Stones recordings is that it is an  ALBUM not a collection of songs. The cohesiveness means there is not a dull  moment &amp; the guitar exchanges between Keith Richard &amp; Mick Taylor  are some of the most awesome ever recorded. The horn section cooks, &amp;  Mick actually sings instead of posturing. Even if you're not particularly a  Stones fan, &quot;Exile On Main Street&quot; belongs in your CD collection.  Believe me, it won't be gathering dust!
B00004T9UF|5.0|This album is pure class I put it on and I didn't stop listening to it for days. if you like rap then you will absaloutly looooove this album. BUY IT NOW!
B000002MIY|5.0|...and a penchant for making you actually sit up and listen. My 2 favorite tracks are &quot;Florida Room&quot; and &quot;Trans Island Skyway&quot;, but the remainer is very well done too. Good &quot;storyline&quot; I  suppose, but it's best to just groove to the slick funkyness!  Great stuff.
B00002MZ4W|2.0|I was a big fan of Tidal and I pretty much liked &quot;Fast as You Can&quot; when I heard it, but the rest of the album is just a bunch of sad break up songs that really have no real depth. With simple metaphors and  overrated similes. And grasping on to new singles that just don't hold  their own won't make this album anymore of a success than it already is.
B000031X7T|5.0|unbelievable. if u like floyd's wall or dark side of the moon you have to have this trust me. the original cd was amazing but this just adds to the excitement. the extra tracks are a must have and different versions of some  songs were spectacular. so just sit down and listen. THE SHOW MUST GO ON!
0061053147|4.0|First off, read the title of the book.  What does it say?  Is the title &quot;A Bloated, Arrogant Analysis of the Movie Blade Runner&quot;?  Is it &quot;A Useless Critical Analysis of the Merits of the Movie Blade  Runner&quot;?  No, it's &quot;The Making of Blade Runner&quot; and if you  want to know about the making of this movie then you'll love this book.  It  isn't written by William Shakespeare.  If you want that then go buy  MacBeth.  If you want some insights into the rewards and heartaches of  making a sci-fi movie then this is a good book for it.  And by the way,  those who say that Blade Runner wasn't a good movie simply haven't watched  it enough.
B00004SCX6|4.0|Really catchy tunes, and it almost makes up for the fact she can't really sing. Lucky is bound to be a pretty big hit, and an interesting video.
0767802659|2.0|Yes, &quot;Starship Troopers&quot; does weave a fairly strong (and clever) anti-fascist theme into its storyline, and features some brilliant special effects, but unfortunately, it's not enough to overcome a lame script and  some of the worst acting in recent years.<br />Think of a Roger Corman flick  with $100 million in special effects and you get the idea. <br />Let's start  off with the good stuff: &quot;Starship Troopers&quot; features truly  harrowing and effective visuals - some of the best in recent years. And  director Paul Verhoeven has always been great at weaving a tale of a  moderately warped future, and &quot;Starship Troopers&quot;, with its'  neo-fascist ideas (check the uniforms - Gestapo all the way!) and strong  hint of genetic perfection (nobody is fat or ugly, and nobody has pimples),  does get some sly shots in at the goose stepping/master race crowd.  <br />Also, check out the terrific score by Basil Poledouris (who also did  &quot;The Hunt for Red October), with its fascist propaganda-ministry  overtones. It sounds like recruiting music for the armed forces, and works  VERY well. <br />But these strong points are countered by a weak script (best  line: &quot;This planet crawls!&quot;) and  hack performances by Casper Van  Dien and Denise Richards (not to mention Neil Patrick Harris, best known as  TV's Doogie Howser, as a supersecret government spook). Only Dina Meyer,  who plays one of Van Diem's soldier cohorts, displays any kind of depth;  she gives her character, Diz, a nice mix of toughness and  vulnerability.<br />Then there's the techno-gaffes. The producers of this film  would have us believe that mankind has mastered faster than light travel,  but can't stop meteors from hitting the earth? And why send in millions of  humans to basically uninhabitable planets when they can just blow up the  planets and the bugs with them? They can't just flood the planets with  Raid?<br />But &quot;Starship Troopers&quot; isn't about the science inscience fiction. It's a blow-em-up, and works well on that level, but with  decent actors and a better script, Verhoeven could have used his visual  inventiveness and keen satirical edge to make a far better movie.
B00004SCX6|3.0|Well, it seems interesting that there are very few lukewarm opinions concerning Britney Spears and her new CD, &quot;Oops....I Did it Again.&quot; I've enjoyed all the comments and ongoing discussions.  However, I think one thing we need to keep in mind is that musical trends  are products of both changing musical tastes (often a result of the aging  [of the] audience demographic) and, more importantly, the &quot;inherently  damaging&quot; limitations of our modern (pop) musical language - 12ET,  metric conservatism and basic tonal harmony. These trends, some say, are  attributed to certain modern-day sociological factors - a decreased  attention span, increased sociological tendencies toward instant  gratification theory, and (of course) the general lack of musical education  and understanding among most listeners, to cite a few examples. Especially  because of these musical limitations, popular music is thusly forced into a  constant metamorphosis - yet, unfortunately, these &quot;morphings&quot;  are usually fusions of previous styles, ideas, and harmonic formulas. The  limitations of a certain style are even MORE stringent and difficult to  overcome - the result being cyclic and recycled - as most of you have  intelligently noticed when comparing the content of both Britney CDs. Yet,  let us not blame her; she's not writing the music. Regardless, it's Britney  Spears' turn, yet I recall - not too long ago - when Nirvana and the  flannel-wearing angst of Seattle dominated the world. Before that, we had  the Satanic-tinged lyrics and white lightning of bands like Metallica and  Slayer...or even a decade plus of the  guitar-lick-laden-everyone-wants-to-be Eddie Van Halen musical trend. So  don't be upset because pop is back &quot;on top&quot; right now - this is  the natural ebb and flow of popular music.....trends come and go. It's been  a relatively long time since Debbie Gibson, Tiffany, and New Kids. Alot of  Britney's audience wasn't even alive at that time. So, if some of you are  hoping that this kind of &quot;bubble-gum&quot; pop will just die and go  away - it won't. It may hibernate for a while, but it will not disappear  completely....because it is a viable (though, apparently controversial)  musical genre - whether you appreciate and enjoy it or not is irrelevant.  Also, we must remember that alot of the success of popular music is not  even rooted in musical factors, or, rather, that musical factors are [in  certain instances] a secondary factor. Much of it's power lies in tapping  into the underlying sexual currents running through today's society or the  ability to relate to an artist through his/her lyrics; perhaps a fantasy  that Nick Carter is singing the latest Backstreet ballad to you through  your speakers.....or that Britney's ohh's and ahh's are some personal  mating call - the product of some sexual frustration that only you - the  male listener - can fulfill. Of course, there's always the money - why  change a perfectly good musical formula or image when it brings in  truckloads?  Perhaps. To argue for or against the morality of any of these  philosophical ideologies is beyond the scope of this review - I leave those  arguments to you. However, all this is to, hopefully, offer some insight as  to WHY all this is happening. Nevertheless, some people will like it, some  will not - but such popular musical trends are inevitable and we should  expect them. <br />As for the CD, as a whole, I didn't like it that much. I  thought the title track &quot;Oops..&quot; was the product of recycled  harmonies from &quot;Baby&quot; and &quot;Crazy&quot; (most notably, the  extended modulation to the mediant, i-V-i-bVII-III) - but I still liked it,  alot. For what it is (and, more importantly, what so many people seem to  want) - it works. &quot;Lucky&quot; - again, though a derivation of a  common harmonic formula of the 50's (I-vi-IV-V-I) - is a highlight of the  CD...I enjoyed it very much and it should be the next big hit. The major  seventh leap in the vocal line in the chorus (&quot;then why do...&quot;)  was a nice surprise - a nice change. The rest of the songs I didn't like  too much - just my personal tastes. Overall, I feel that Britney's ballads  are musically weak and less interesting than they might be in the hands of  more inventive writers. Both &quot;Girl in the Mirror&quot; and &quot;Dear  Diary&quot; are poor examples of the pop ballad, although &quot;Where Are  You Now&quot; is a more decent effort that still lacks the first rate  chorus (&quot;Born To Make You Happy&quot; suffered a similar fate).  Further, Britney's vocal limitations stop her from balancing out the  barely-passable songwriting - thus, calling attention to the lacking  musical structure and, consequently, her comparatively less-skilled vocal  range and ability (when compared to Jessica Simpson, etc). With the big  hits (Oops, Baby, Crazy, Lucky) - we don't mind those limitations so much;  in those cases, it's the music that draws us in - to a certain degree, her  vocal limitations offer a fresh and welcome perspective - but when those  abilities and skills are needed to save a song and make it work, it's just  not there. &quot;Don't Let Me Be The Last To Know&quot; is a horrendous  attempt by Shania Twain. Clearly, one of the worst songs on the CD. As is  the case with most of the songs we'll find on &quot;Oops...&quot;, the  Shania-penned tune lacks focus and suffers from an atrocious, cluttered and  distracting production effort. Combined with sub-standard hooks and a  generally less inventive songwriting effort, &quot;Oops..&quot; is somewhat  of a disappointment - both as a follow up to her first CD and as a  representation of the genre. Some tracks (Can't Make You Love Me, What U  See, Stronger) stick to the basic game plan which should hold the CD above  water for a little while, but unless her writers begin to forge new musical  paths, stop relying on the mediant for tonal relief, and cashing in on the  modern musicological notion of tonic minor as &quot;sexy&quot; - well, the  third album will be an utter mockery.
6305363668|5.0|Only a blithering idiot would not be able to catch the angle of this movie.  It's part love story, part detective story, part sci-fi and part moralistic.  Leave out any of those ingredients and the cake wouldn't rise.   Creepy, chilling and thought-provoking.  Life, love and class struggle are  all set in motion against a tremendously cruel world that has been created  out of corporate greed and necessity.  The father of the replicants does  receive justice which is usually not the case.  Daunting in its execution  this movie should be cherished by sci-fi fans as well as film noir buffs.   It's a movie that you must watch more than once to appreciate.  At least  that's how it was with me.  But after the second viewing I was hooked and  it gets popped into the VCR any time there is garbage on the tube.
0395873460|5.0|As far as fantasy books go, this is the best one yet (that I have read).  The Hobbit, one of J. R. R. Tolkien's masterpiece works, is clearly one of the most amazing pieces of literature ever dreamed up.  It is extremely  well thought out and written.  Now any time my parents go tell me to read I  think I will go pick u The Hobbit and read over and over again. After I  finished The Hobbit I rushed out to chapters and bought the next novel in  the series, The Fellowship of the Rings.  After only reading the first  couple of chapters I can see that this will truly be another great  adventure to read.   <br />The Hobbit is the ultimate fantasy book of all  time.  It starts out by a very mysterious and powerful wizard by the name  of Gandalf passing by Bilbo's (The Hobbit) house.  Somehow the wizard  despite Bilbo's eagerness to get rid of him gets invited back for tea the  next day.  However before the wizard shows up, a band of dwarves arrive at  Bilbo's door.  Then when Gandalf arrives Bilbo is informed of what all  these dwarves are present for.  He has been selected by Gandalf to assist  these dwarves in retrieving a stolen treasure, dwarves gold.   He becomes  the burglar of the band of dwarves.  He is the one that must figure out how  to steal back the stolen treasure from an evil and incredibly dangerous  dragon Smaug. At first the dwarves have no confidence in Bilbo; they do not  believe that he will be able to do what Gandalf says he will. Gandalf you  see have a great deal of confidence in Bilbo, this will prove to be a very  wise decision.  It will be a very perilous journey or the dwarves and  Bilbo.  Along the way many hard-ships will occur, this will prove to be  training for Bilbo; it also convinces the dwarves that Bilbo will indeed be  able to retrieve the treasure for them. As for the rest of the book you  will have to read it to find out what happens in the end.
B000002H2H|5.0|alright this is only their second album and they're rockin. id say the best song on here is fade to black because it starts out slow and at the end speeds up. it has very good music in between. this whole album rocks.
B00000IFP6|5.0|These performances are excellent and the value can't be beat. The pacing may throw some people off as this must be the fastest Beethoven I have ever heard-it is also, according to the latest scholarship, the actual way that  Beethoven wrote the music. The ninth symphony's movements, especially, seem  caffeine and amphetamine driven. All of this only makes the music seem even  more brilliant that we all knew that it was. The march at the end of the  ninth which precedes the choral has such a fast beat that you could jog to  it rather than march! The other movements, when rendered at this tempi,  give the impression of almost unbearable anxiety and tension ready to come  apart at the seams at any second! The ninth sounds like an orchestra  bursting and exploding with energy and movement like the universe  immediately after the Big Bang. The older, more romantic and slower  versions of the symphonies still have a place but this will be a revelation  as the music is rendered in a very fresh manner. An experience well worth  the price!
630575067X|2.0|Well, The Phantom Menace certainly has one thing going for it, it manages  to be a tad better than Return Of The Jedi. Unfortunatley, this isn't  saying alot since Return Of The Jedi was so terrible. Other than that The  Phantom Menace was a disappointment. Saturated in mind-numbing digital FX  that work most of the time, the exception being the Gungans, The Phantom  Menace is so crippled by characters with two dimensional personalities you  WILL find yourself missing Han Solo at some point. Though some have  rationalized this movies poor character development as symptomatic of a  childrens movie, I'm quick to point out that Disney's 'Mulan' had much  better character development than The Phantom Menace. The &quot;it's a kids  movie&quot; is no excuse. The film gives very little to digest beyond eye  candy. As such, when things slow down on Coruscant the film gets a little,  dare I say, dull. Even the 'Pod Race' was poorly executed as it failed to  put the viewer into the drivers seat. Sure, it was cool to watch but  completly devoid of suspense. Though the silly two headed announcer, who  looked like it could have stepped out of Return Of The Jedi, certainly did  not help. <br />Jake Loyd, as the nine year old Anakin Skywalker, looked  bored. Though I suspect this has more to do with the fact Lucas is no  actors director than to Loyd's ability. Ewan McGregor was wasted, but I'm  sure this is because he doesn't get to develop until Episode Two (I hope).  Liam Neeson actually brought some heart to this flick (quite a feat) as the  wise but head strong Qui Gon Jinn. Darth Maul, the most dynamic looking  character in all of Star Wars, was also wasted with only a few lines to  speak. And the 'Duel Of The Fates' sequence, the lightsaber duel in which  actor Ray Parks (Darth Maul) gets to showcase his martial arts skill, is  ruined by the constant break away to the other conflicts. <br />All in all,  this movie IS worth checking out due to some of the powerful visuals - But  there is little else you will take with you after you've seen it.<br />And  yes, Jar Jar Binks is aweful.
0790750627|5.0|As an avid Hitchcock fan for almost 40 years (since being scared witless by &quot;Psycho&quot; on its first theatrical run), I have managed to see  all of his movies and read a number of books about him.  He is, I believe,  the premier director in film history, and &quot;North by Northwest&quot; is  his finest achievement.  Even though the screenplay is simply an updating  of &quot;The Thirty-nine Steps,&quot; Hitchcock manages to make the movie  fresh and inventive every step of the way, with suspense, humor, fine  acting, literacy, and superior production values.  It is a cinematic  experience which no one should miss.  Let's hope that the upcoming DVD  version can do full justice to the movie's greatness.  I know that I'll be  among the first in line to buy it!
006092988X|5.0|This book is a foundation for all others.  The author is a master - she has captured a life and preserved it forever for us with her words -- the life is not that of a stranger or just a randome little girl -- there is a  piece of every American whose roots stretch back to poor immigrants.    Many, many timeless quotes are seeded throughout the novel.   I highly  recommend this book to all readers!
B000031XCR|5.0|Some of Celine's albums haven't appealed to me over the years, while she does have an excellent voice her choice of songs hasn't always favored my taste in music.<br />This collection is truely all her hits, with the addition  of a few excellent new hit songs like &quot;That's the Way It  Is&quot;.<br />Even ho-hum fans should buy this, especially if you don't own  any of her albums.
0871137380|4.0|The military and the press have often been at odds since Vietnam.  As a junior officer in Turkey during a minor special forces operation, I had no problem at all ordering troops not to say a word to Christiane Amanpour,  the CNN reporter lurking outside the gate of the base as the mission took  off.  The press is rarely of any help to the operation, and often a great  hindrance.  This is due in part to the fact that most of the press hate the  military, a bias which invariably shows up in their coverage.  <br />Reading  &quot;Black Hawk Down&quot;, by Mark Bowden, a reporter with the  Philadelphia Inquirer, has caused me to reevaluate some of my preconceived  notions about war journalism.  <br />It is clear from the first page of his  narrative that Bowden is taking great pains to tell it like it really was.   While Bowden devotes much of the story to the Somali point of view, he is  scrupulously fair, and avoids giving away any of his own opinions regarding  the Battle of Mogadishu.<br />And what a battle it was.  It began with a  routine operation to capture a few aides to Aidid, the Somali warlord who  was the bete noire of the Clinton administration until Slobodan Milosevic  crawled out from under his rock.  Delta Force personnel, aided by U.S. Army  Rangers, entered the city via helicopter and convoy to conduct the  operation.  <br />The Somalis were not caught unawares this time.  They had  rehearsed firing rocket propelled grenades at Black Hawk helicopters prior  to this ill-fated mission, now they succeeded in bringing two of the  nigh-invulnerable choppers down.  <br />A pitched battle, full of the fog and  friction of war, ensued about the crash sites as the Americans fought  frantically to rescue their comrades.  <br />Bowden relates this gripping tale  in a tense, minute-by-minute narrative.  Having conducted extensive  interviews, he manages to reconstruct the battle and dissect it at the same  time.  <br />Too often, military history portrays the glory of battle with  none of the horror it invariably entails.  Bowden skillfully avoids this  trap as well, portraying eloquently the sacrifices of the 18 U.S. soldiers  who died in the battle.  <br />In this, &quot;Black Hawk Down&quot; compares  favorably with another classic of the genre, &quot;We Were Soldiers  Once...And Young&quot; by General Harold Moore and Joseph Galloway, which  adopted the same &quot;Just the facts, ma'am&quot; approach to the battle  of Ia Drang during Vietnam.  <br />If you have any interest at all in what the  modern battlefield is really like, pick this book up now.
B00003Q43A|4.0|The Special Edition DVD contains all the standard fare for DVD:  Extra footage, some deleted scenes, and director / fx commentary.  Exceptional DVD transfer, with no noticable pops or artifacts.  The audio is a bit  unbalanced at times, particularly with the effects shots (overwhelmingly  loud), but the score is powerful and well balanced (Dolby 5.1).   Watch out  though:  The director's commentary is very, very weak.  Roland Emmerich  contributes very little in the way of interesting facts, story development,  or ..heck, ANYTHING of interest.   Overall, the DVD is worth having for the  additional scenes, and the original biplane ending (separate track), but  the director's commentary is worthless.
B00004U30D|1.0|Let's take a break from the sycophancy no doubt inherent in the reviews below (as in the media) and cast a critical eye on &quot;American  Beauty&quot;, shall we?<br />The most useful method for conducting this  analysis is to compare it to the pro-American movie it slyly parodies,  &quot;Forrest Gump.&quot;  This is not the departure it may seem---a key  image from &quot;Beauty&quot;, a trashbag floating about the street, is  clearly a backhanded homage to the feather so prominent in  &quot;Gump.&quot; One of the main characters refers to this image of  wind-borne litter as the most beautiful thing he has ever seen, which  should confirm the skewed vision of the film.  This movie is the  anti-&quot;Gump&quot;.<br />For those who don't recall, &quot;Gump&quot;  exploded on the scene in 1993, a pro-family, pro-South, pro-America,  pro-military movie which absolutely stunned the critics with its success.  It portrayed an America in which people were generally kind and decent, no  matter how conflicted and unhappy they could be from time to time, usually  through the prevalence of drugs, sex, and alcohol abuse.  In  &quot;Gump&quot;, the protagonist, though not hip or savvy, managed to  succeed merely by virtue of being a good man, eventually passing on his  homespun wisdom to his son.<br />The success of this film no doubt made a  big impression on the creative forces behind &quot;American Beauty,&quot;  for they sought at every turn to craft a successful, critically-acclaimed  movie which would be the complete opposite to &quot;Gump&quot; in vision.<br />In &quot;Beauty&quot;, the &quot;heroes&quot; are a middle-aged,  pot-smoking pedophile lusting after one of his 16-year-old daughter's  friends; his dealer, who happens to be dating his daughter; and the  daughter herself, a shrewish little girl who hates her parents (with some  reason).  The cast is rounded out by a homophobic, latent homosexual Marine  Colonel who happens to be the dealer's dad (how original for Hollywood);  the main character's hideous whore of a wife; and the only character in the  film with the least bit of humanity, the object of the protagonist's  perverse affection, played with great talent by Mena Suvari.<br />The  movie's plot is an unholy mess, revolving around the protagonist's mid-life  crisis and how it brings about his demise.  This is merely a narrative  gimmick to allow the director to string together yet another series of  scenes depicting how life in the 'burbs is simply hell on earth.<br />This  is typical Hollywood Baby Boomer drivel.  The only saving grace of this  movie is the fantastic performance of Mena Suvari, who brings brass and  vulnerability to the portrayal of her character, a normal girl amidst a  bunch of fools.  Even the normally superb Spacey is wasted on this script,  which calls for the audience to identify and sympathize with a character  we'd loathe outside the theater.<br />Don't believe the hype.  &quot;American Beauty&quot; is a terrible movie.  If you want an indictment  of life in suburbia, pick up &quot;Doing Time on Maple Drive,&quot;  &quot;Ordinary People,&quot; or &quot;The Great Santini&quot; instead.  If  you want a movie which is a true reflection of America, pick up  &quot;Forrest Gump.&quot;  Either way, your time will be much better spent  than on this piece of Hollywood pap.l for Hollywood);  the main character's hideous whore of a wife; and the only character in the  film with the least bit of humanity, the object of the protagonist's  perverse affection, played with great talent by Mena Suvari.  <br />The  movie's plot is an unholy mess, revolving around the protagonist's mid-life  crisis and how it brings about his demise.  This is merely a narrative  gimmick to allow the director to string together yet another series of  scenes depicting how life in the 'burbs is simply hell on earth.  <br />This  is typical Hollywood Baby Boomer drivel.  The only saving grace of this  movie is the fantastic performance of Mena Suvari, who brings brass and  vulnerability to the portrayal of her character, a normal girl amidst a  bunch of fools.  Even the normally superb Spacey is wasted on this script,  which calls for the audience to identify and sympathize with a character  we'd loathe outside the theater.    <br />Don't believe the hype.   &quot;American Beauty&quot; is a terrible movie.  If you want an indictment  of life in suburbia, pick up &quot;Doing Time on Maple Drive,&quot;  &quot;Ordinary People,&quot; or &quot;The Great Santini&quot; instead.  If  you want a movie which is a true reflection of America, pick up  &quot;Forrest Gump.&quot;  Either way, your time will be much better spent  than on this piece of Hollywood pap.
B00004TL21|5.0|I actually bought this album cause of the reviews here.I don't know if mine is going to be able to help but here it goes. I never thaught hard music could be so inspiring.I bought this album cause I'm kinda bored of  bands like LIMP BIZKIT and KORN so I decided to give this band a try since  there not as popular as them.Like I said before.I never thaught  &quot;hard-core&quot; music could be so spiritual.This album is an  emotional journey.Chino's voice is hipnotic.The guitars and efects are  scary in a nice way.Not like the horror movie sounds you hear in  Korn.Basicly what I'm trying to say is that this album is great and the  other reviews where better.Favorite songs are:&quot;digital  bath&quot;,&quot;pasenger&quot;and &quot;change(in the house of  flies)&quot;.If you thaught &quot;hard&quot; music is just about  moshing,rage and been voilent think again.Buy it and you'l see or hear what  I'm saying.
B00004SYWZ|5.0|I was fourteen years old when A-ha stole my heart and now, only a few weeks from my 30th birthday I am again hopelessly lost in this amazing album. I have never forgotten this talented trio of Vikings from the Land  of the Midnight Sun. I own every one of their albums as well as Morten's  solo CD, 'Wild Seed'.  Minor Earth, Major Sky is truly a masterpiece. I  have not stopped playing it since I first pressed play on my stereo. I play  it in my car, in my house, even on my computer while surfing the internet.  Morten, Mags, and Pal have truly created an album that will forever be a  perfect embodiment of their talent as musicians. Morten's angelic voice is  truly a gift from God and we are blessed to be on the receiving end. No one  else has ever been able to match his unique vocal range. Mags and Pal are  both gifted with the ability to create music that, together with amazing  lyrics, and Morten's voice, carry you away to a place where the outside  world cannot touch you. A place where, for an hour or so, you can forget  your troubles and become lost in the enchanting melodies. With songs like  these, who can pick a favorite. I definitely cannot.  'Minor Earth, Major  Sky' hooks you from the very first note. The song is amazing.  'Little  Black Heart' is a hauntingly beautiful song that brings tears to your eyes.  'Velvet' was originally written for Savoy but with Morten's vocals it  shines. 'Summer Moved On' is the perfect first single, catchy and easy to  sing along with. 'The Sun Never Shone That Day' is one of my favorites for  sure.  'To Let You Win' proves that there is so much more to Morten than a  beautiful voice. 'The Company Man' is an interesting insight into the music  business and all the ups and downs. 'I Thought That it was You' is another  wonderful example of Morten's talent as a songwriter. 'I Wish I Cared' is a  heartbreaking and beautiful song that stays with you long after hearing it.   'Barely Hanging On' has a unique sound that shows yet another side of  A-ha. 'You'll Never Get Over Me' is classic A-ha with a twist. 'I Won't  Forget Her' is the perfect A-ha song. If I had to pick a favorite, this  would be it. 'Mary Ellen Makes the Moment Count' very different but it  captures your attention. I only hope that the US will open its arms again  to A-ha because the music we are hearing on the radio today doesn't even  compare to what these three guys from Norway have created with 'Minor  Earth, Major Sky'.
B00000ILE7|3.0|While Alien3 is definitely the worst in the trilogy, its about on par with  Ressurrection.  This film was the first in the series to bring in all the  CGI, and it had a lot of potential -- but it just didn't work.<br />The  problems with this movie started long before it was made.  Originally  supposed to be a big Alien invasion of earth, the script and the director  were thrown around so much and the budget so reduced that it ended up like  this.  Fincher took what he got, and decided to try to capture the  claustrophobic feel of the original Alien movie.<br />This is certainly a very  enjoyable movie, if you turn it up loud enough to make out what the  characters are saying -- the alien looks spiffy, but there's not enough of  it.  The Weyland Yutani company is back, but again we don't get enough.   The music's okay, as is the acting.<br />The biggest mistake in this movie was  that it just destroyed the setup it had.  Hicks and Newt are killed within  the first five seconds, presumable because the actors didn't resign, and  Ripley somehow gets implanted by a hugger which later implants something  else -- I though they died after depositing one egg.  It also doesn't make  sense that Ripley's alien takes so long to come out, while the other one  hatches within hours or a day.<br />This is an overall mediocre addition to  the series, with a few very neat scenes, and a whole lot of fluff.  For  fans of the series, this is good, but if you're just looking for a fun  movie, look elsewhere.
B00004U45G|5.0|Well Well Well! Who would ever believe that these two rock giants would ever come together!  The evercolourful riffs/Licks of Rich Robinson displays a great back-drop to the everlasting, evernatural sound/tone/Licks  of the ROCK GOD, Mr Jimmy Page. When these two come together they reproduce  some of the greatest songs to hit the rock world.  I first heard of this  via the Black Crowes Website, and from that day, it has left me stund...  amazed! If anyone wants to hear rock 'n' roll the way it should be played  do yourself a favour.... BUY THIS ALBUM...NOW, Because in five years time,  ten years time even twenty years time people are going to look back at this  timepiece and still be left breathless.
B00002E233|4.0|Deep Blue Sea is the kind of movie one can rent on a Friday night, really love, and think about buying someday...only sometime after the upcoming Jaws Special Edition DVD.  For although it's not a seemless classic like  Jaws, Deep Blue Sea is still one of the most suspenseful films of the late  '90s.  Pitting a strong cast (typified by Samuel L. Jackson, the  hardest-working man in Hollywood) with awesome digital effects (like the  director brags, it's hard to tell when it's a digital shark, a real shark,  or a model), we get a thrill-ride with lots of spunk.  The DVD has a lot of  cool extras also--not one but two documentaries on the making of the  film.<br />If there's any drawbacks, it's that the sharks (surprisingly  enough) didn't get enough screen time.  Granted, I wouldn't want them to be  in front of us all the time, but their absence at times made the film feel  more like just a disaster film (let's get out before we drown) a la  &quot;The Poseidon Adventure.&quot;  Also, some of the deleted scenes  should have been left in so that certain characters could have been more  developed.
B00003CX6P|1.0|I hated it, simply hated it.  It was one of those experiences where you  just keep asking yourself when it's going to be over.<br />This movie is  billed as a thriller.  But what is thrilling about it?  The pace is  excruciatingly slow and Damon's acting is so dead-pan as to be painful.  Is  there a likable character in this whole tedious story?  Perhaps Paltrow's  character is, but you see so little of her that the movie is beyond her  saving.<br />Who cares who gets killed or whether he gets away with it?  You  feel nothing for any one of these characters, hoping beyond hope that the  killing is swift and the credits begin.  And when they finally come there  are so many unanswered questions that you wonder what the point was to  suffering to the end of this miserable film.  This goes on my list of  all-time worst movies.
B000003TAW|5.0|Okay, I did start to check out Weezer this year, because I heard they were going to be on the Warped Tour. I know I should have bought this album a couple of years ago, but I think I get why people still like it now. This  record is what I like to think of as the start of emo. If you listen to a  record by The Get Up Kids or Jimmy Eat World now, you will here a major  influence from Weezer. I like listening to this CD at night (don't ask why)  or in a car CD changer (yet again, don't ask why). There are some very odd  tales of surfing, Kiss, girlfriends, and video games, all mixed in with the  theme of being a nerd. Their music is punk/pop/emo/geekcore, and the  production is wonderful. My three favorite songs on here are &quot;Buddy  Holly&quot;, &quot;Undone-The Sweater Song&quot;, and &quot;Say it Ain't  So&quot;. This is a really cool disc, recommended for everyone. Some  similar bands are Get Up Kids and Saves The Day.
B000001ESN|5.0|This LP came out when Rush was making more of a name for itself!  Before this LP, Rush was known for their 10+ minute epics based on classic literature (Xanadu, Cygnus X-1, Hemispheres) or which told a story (2112,  The Necromancer, The Fountain of Lameth).  On this LP, Rush started talking  about more earthly themes like the communication gap (Entre Nous), belief  in the afterlife (Free Will), the environment (Natural Science), and music  itself (The Spirit of Radio)!  &quot;The Spirit of Radio&quot; is an ode to  a Toronto radio station (drummer Neil Peart always had a way of making  familiar themes in music sound more intelligent!).  &quot;Free Will&quot;  has a spiritual theme: &quot;You can pray for a place in Heaven's unearthly  estate&quot; and features an impressive solo from guitarist Alex Lifeson.   &quot;Jacob's Ladder&quot; features some futuristic synthesizer work from  singer/bassist Geddy Lee.  &quot;Entre Nous&quot; deals with the  communication gap and how each of us needs our personal space.   &quot;Different Strings&quot; is the sole ballad with guest Hugh Simms on  piano (he would design the &quot;star in circle&quot; logo Rush would use  for many years).  Finally, we come to the 3-part &quot;Natural Scince&quot;  which talks about the environment (with a stormy finale).
B000002AGN|5.0|Absolutely, by far, one of the very best jazz albums around.  A MUST for even the most basic music collection.  Not into jazz?  Then you haven't heard this!  One listen and you'll be hooked!
B00000JCOV|5.0|I'll admit from the start that Slipknot aren't for everyone - all of my friends think this is pure garbage, and I can understand why.  But for those of you who like fast paced, out of control music, or are remotely  interested in it, this is the good stuff.  This CD is the best form of  anger relief for me - while I'm certainly not an unhappy person, everyone  experiences moments when we just feel like going beserk, and this band  provides an outlet for stress relief which won't result in anyone getting  hurt.<BR> And, for anyone who is suspicious of Slipknot due to comparison  with such rubbish as KoRn, don't worry; there is nothing that I can see  these bands as having in common.<BR> Enjoy!
B00004U45G|4.0|I got the version from musicmaker.com a few months ago and the difference being this set has an add'l song (these days you can just download it). The sound quality on this issue seems a little more polished. I'm not sure  that's a good thing.<br />Anyway, at first I could not conceive Chris Robinson  singing Zeppelin tunes. I really wanted this for the guitar work. Page is  definitely in his element again. The man just loves to play these songs and  it really shows. The vocals were a surprise. Robinson can really belt out a  Plant line when needed, but at some points, I found myself wanting the old  Robert Plant back (even though he can't sing to this degree anymore).  <br />The blues songs and covers are highlights. Due to contractual problems,  there are no Crowes songs on here. That maybe be a plus or minus in some  people's eyes. <br />Overall, I will suggest this album. Not just for Zep fans  but for anyone who likes a good hard rock  album or maybe even a trip down  memory lane. This will not disappoint and makes for a good summer listening  experience.
6303617719|3.0|Our adorable heroine, Meg Ryan actually engages in some slapstick humor in this rather amusing little romantic comedy. She plays the ditzy young wife of a no-good two-timer who runs off to France with a leggy supermodel. So  Meg decides to tail them - but too bad she's so scared of airplanes! And  then - after lounging luxuriously in fancy hotels and some sightseeing in  the fabulous Paris (she keeps missing the city's greatest landmark of all),  our dear blonde bombshell falls for some ratty-looking wino who looks just  like a pervert or something and humiliates herself in public when her  angelic young face gets all smeared with some pastries from the dessert  cart. But the most ridiculous of all is the very ending that left me very  bewildered and puzzled about the very content of that girl's head. Good  thing I don't really believe in fairy tales anyway!
0684872153|2.0|Yeah, I must admit that McCourt did have a hard life.  But naming the book after his mother kind of put her on a pedestal in my opinion, and that let me down as I read the book because she was not a great person.  And also, I  think that Frankie (the main character) did things that other boys his age  shouldn't be doing, and I didn't enjoy reading those parts, especially in  great detail.  I do not think that I would buy this book again.
B00000I0XW|1.0|I felt that this recording was weak and so many of these songs have been done MUCH better on other recordings.  If you want to hear Unexpected Song, listen to Bernadette Peters' version!  If you want Don't Cry for Me  Argentina, buy the American Cast Recording with Patti LuPone.  For Memory,  why buy Brightman's version when you can hear Betty Buckley's?  The Phantom  stuff is passable, but you can hear her do it on other recordings...buy the  originals!   Don't waste your money on this.
B00004U45G|5.0|jimmy page joins forces with the black crows! who could think that this would go sour? this 2 cd set is so refreashing!  rich robinson does a great job on the guitar work here he shines. and audley freed, they hold  all the rhythms down while Jimmy page go's off! Chris robinson does a great  job on vocals! what I like the most about this cd is these guys do the  remake of OH WELL, fleetwood  mac tune. SHAPE OF THINGS TO COME,yardbirds  this is a must have for the collection. ENJOY!
B000002NJS|4.0|I liked &quot;Frozen&quot; and &quot;The Power of Goodbye&quot; more than Madonna's usual stuff. I liked the rest of the songs on this album less than her earlier songs. The lyrics of &quot;Frozen&quot; and &quot;The  Power of Goodbye&quot; are just great. As to the rest of the songs, their  techno energy is just not the same as the real, raw passion of the younger  Madonna. These things are a matter of taste, of course. This album is both  a mature and polished Madonna and a valiant techno effort.
0790743132|5.0|this is the definitive classic. To me, it is the very essence of the word  &quot;classic.&quot; Casablanca defines that word. The actors are two of  the best that America ever produced. How can you not like Bogie? This movie  is flawless. Remember that rumor that Ronald Reagen was originally cast as  Rick? Man, that would of destroyed this movie. There has been a re-make  made and a colorized version made, but all Casablanca fans know to ACCEPT  NO SUBSTITUTES. What eles can I say about a film rated no. 2 on the AFI's  100 greatest movies of all time, and rates about a ten out of five stars.
B00003Q43A|3.0|This movie can entertain, if you do not think too much about the details  of its plot. The aliens are here supposedly for our natural resources. They  are space nomads, as it were, moving from planet to planet, robbing their  natural resources. Real barbarians. Of course, a civilization capable of  such a technological feat would not need our natural resources to begin  with. ALL of our natural resources put together   are not nearly adequate  to accomplish a fraction of such intergalactic travel. Well, this is a  movie.<br />The special effects are fantastic, the acting is OK. The plot is  not very rational and largely derivative. At any rate, it's nice to know we  can defeat vicious aliens, if they ever get here. Perhaps we can also  defeat some social problems here on Earth. More independence from crime and  violence would be an excellent start.
B00003CWTI|5.0|While this movie isn't &quot;action-packed&quot; or spoon-feeding a clean and simple ending to you, it is simply gorgeous and honest.  Movies often  fail at portraying more than one side of a character's personality and this  movie does so realisticly.  This movie is subtle at times, and there's no  doubt that it's long, but if you possess any attention span, watch it.
0880796863|1.0|I've bought this deck for the pocket sized &quot;Key to the Tarot&quot; and in order to compare the original deck to the regular deck.<br />After a check it turned out the deck is anything but original and the book is  anything but complete.<br />The deck is a reproduction of a low quality deck  printed before WWII (the plates were lost - apparently during WWII or  before - so there's no way to know how the deck was *really* supposed to  look).<br />The errors are evident, as an example, in the Chariot card. The  belt is different from the B&amp;W copy of the card in the original  Pictorial Key to the Tarot.<br />Another difference is in the colours, which  due to personal taste I just dont like.<br />And for the book - material,  which IMHO is important is missing, e.g. part of the text describing the  Chariot card, which was present in the original Key to the Tarot.<br />So I  just bought a large pouch so I can carry a copy of the Pictorial Key,  rather then rely on a crippled version of the book.<br />My recommendation is  to pass over this set and just buy the regular (yellow boxed) Rider deck  and a copy of The Pictorial Key to the Tarot (available from several  publishers).
6305728437|5.0|Mulan is a fun movie that can be enjoyed by both boys, girls and adults. It touches on masculine and feminine roles in China but also parallels with some very strong western stereotypes held here today. The funloving and silly Mushu played by Eddie Murphy and little crickee are highlights for  the children and the serious mood and message of the film is more for  adults. This is my personal favorite Disney movie to date for its story. In  addition, the brilliant choice of Lea Salonga as Mulan's singing voice and  Donny Osmond as the Captain make the musical experience of the movie twice  as enjoyable. This is a must see film!
0790731452|4.0|Loosen up! Have fun!  It' not supposed to make sense!  It's just damn  funny!
