B000002U82|5.0|Hey, how's it goin'? I'm 15 years old and I love Pink Floyd. I think that Dark Side is the best album of theirs. Their are two things you can do with this CD, you can listen to it on the surface, or you can dive under and explore the depths. I haven't seen it anywhere on these reviews about the songs and their meanings I mean I was thinking and each song is like a different topic. Let me explain: 1. Speak to Me/ Breathe - Life<br />2. On the Run           - Crime           I thought of crime because the title is on the run, there are plane noises and running footsteps and panting. It seems to me like running from a crime. In the end there is a plane crash, which pretty much sums up he got caught. My judgement, at least.<br />3. Time                 - Aging, duh           Now the last few lines on the Breathe reprise are &quot;Far away across the feild, the tolling of the iron bell, calls the faithful to their knees, to hear the softly spoken magic spells.&quot; Now, I think the faithful are people going to church, and the magic spells are hymns. This line leads right into..<br />4. Great Gig in the Sky - which makes me think either this is   their magic spell hymn thing, or at least it lets me know this is a song of religion, heaven, and well death.<br />5. Money                -affluence<br />6. Us and Them          -War         Read the lyrics, this is about war. I love the line &quot;With, Without, and who'll deny thats what the fightings all about&quot;<br />7. Any Colour You Like  -trickery or bribery maybe I havent figured this one out. All I have to say is love the guitar init.<br />8. Brain Damage         -insanity       This and Eclipse are supposed to be a kinda story about the fall of Syd from PF. And something tells me the newspaper is a big part of this song. &quot;The lunatic is on the grass, the lunatic is in the hall, the lunatics are in the hall, the paper holds their folded faces to the floor. And everyday the paper boy brings more... The lunatic is in my head...someone in my head not me&quot; This may be talking about the newspaper or the politicians in them or whatever it is too much for me to grasp.<br />9. Eclipse       -crazy order? I donno this one either I think a line you could dwell on the meaning of is &quot;everything under the sun is in tune but the sun is eclipsed by the moon&quot;<br />Plus, spoken throughout the cd are random Abbey Road occupants talking about insanity, death, and violence.<br />If you dont have a PF cd, get this one you will be happy. If you are a PF fan, you should have this or go get it NOW.  5 stars.
B00005JHAD|5.0|I thought this was a really good movie. Brad Pitt was really good. and hot. I never saw the original one but i thought this one was great and i give it 5 stars. This is my favorite movie....but what would i know? ...
0767903862|5.0|I read this book while I was back-packing Oz.  An absolutely hilarious book with great insights about an amazingly strange and beautiful country.  Enjoy life...get to Australia!
0671449028|5.0|I choosed Moo, Baa, Lalala!  for my son when he is one.  we started to share this book of animal sounds by mommy reading only.  then my son started to laugh at all the funny funny sound and action that I did.  now, he is one and a half year-old.  he will crab the book, come to me ask me to read for him.  his favourite page is &quot;three singing pigs say, La-la-la!&quot;  and he is able to make the &quot;quackkk, bow-how-- and the silent sign shhhhh at the end of the book.&quot;  so, I am telling all my friends about this book.  hope that all children will start to love book from here.
6305132984|5.0|How anyone who loves musicals and choreography and music, in general, can criticize this masterpiece is truly beyond me. West Side Story has to rank as one of the most beautiful musical scores ever written! I saw this film when I was 9 years old and still love and remember it to this day. Natalie Wood is adorable, and those dance sequences are unforgettable. This film truly deserved its 10 oscar nominations, and it is one of the few films I would see again several times in my lifetime.
0805062971|5.0|This was the first Chuck P. book that I have ever read.  I must say that I enjoyed it.  This book is a must read for anyone who is tired of the hum-drum, thoughtless, furniture set and career ladder life that our consumer society places upon us.  The ideas that are covered in this book are not necessarily new, but they are displayed in a very fresh style that invites the reader to think.  If you are not open to ideas that you may not agree with this book is not for you.  However, if you welcome thoughtful insight and controversial ideas than read on.
1563890410|3.0|I couldn`t really decide if I enjoyed this one very much. After a friend of mine told me about Sandman I started with &quot;Brief Lives&quot;, which was a very good decision because I loved it a lot; it made me laugh a lot, got me near to tears in some parts, and really allowed me to get acquainted with the characters, who were very transparent in that particular volume. From there, all the other Sandman books I bought just seemed to go downhill in quality, ending in this one, which I wished I could have gotten from a library instead of spent all the money on. On the other hand, I much enjoyed the prologue, in which the entire family of the Endless meet and eat together in Destiny`s realm, resulting in lots of yelling, arguing, and a sad private farewell between Dream and his sister Death. This was the only part where I felt I could connect with the characters. From then on the only thing that makes the book worth your money is perhaps the scenes with Lucifer, which are both funny and insightful.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|alot of people write off savage garden as being 'pop' and 'bland and boring', but in reality savage garden are neither of those at all as this album shows savage garden truly are excellent and nothing can touch them. From the feel good Darren-got-quite-alot-of-beliefs Affirmation to the beautiful I Dont Know You Anymore, it flows magically through the triles and tribulations of life. My favourite song has to be Crash And Burn, I was goin through some tough times and i listened to that song and everything made sense, its just one of those sort of songs, i'm shocked it didnt get top 10 in the uk charts. every song has its own deep meaning to it like Gunning Down Romance a real haunting powerful song about how you wont experience love until it hurts you. the just gotta cry song Two Beds And A Coffee Machine is haunting and beautiful about an abused woman who just wants to get away instead of facing it which is something we all want. The Lover After Me is probably the weakest track on the album, but its still great(?!) and its reminds you of past lovers you couldnt get over. There are so many great things about this CD its very hard to find a bad part. its a shame Daniel doesnt get more credit because the music he writes is just majestic. Its one of my favourite CD's go and get it
0385501560|4.0|Reading &quot;Choke&quot; allowed me to live the life of a scumbag vicariously. I learned alot about sex addicts, altheimsers disease, slug traps and colonial theme parks.  I thought that this book tackled some issues that were extremley controversial, yet managed to stay somewhat lighthearted and funny.  I found myself laughing out loud at many places in this book.  I enjoyed the character of Denny and his &quot;rock&quot; addiction, I thought this was hilarious, meaningful and useless all at the same time.  I thought the worstcase scenario medical allusions were both hysterical and frightning.  Overall, I enjoyed this book a great deal.  I would suggest this book to someone who is interested in being intrigued.
6305095566|5.0|THIS THE BEST HORROR MOVIE, EVER.It was so awesome, it made me go out and purchase the entire series. I hope anyone who has not seen this, picks it up and prepares themselves for the ride of their life. oh, and it can't fail if it has Bruce Campbell.
B00003CX5P|5.0|An excellant movie for us teens.it has love,adventure,and nice guys. obi wan was the kewlest.i don't know the actors name who plays him but he was cute and had skillz. me and my friends saw this at the theatere and loved the pod race best. the sfx were awesome, never better. the action was super, very exciting. dont you be a loser and check the new star wars out. i sure did! *~bye~*  (:pUNk rAwK ChiCkz ruLe:)
6303998704|5.0|This is a classic story--almost like csomething told around a campfire late at night. The 6th Sense tried to be like this movie and failed miserably. This movie doesn't rely on gore or special effects to tell its tale. Aside from the zombies there is nothing even remotely like a gross-out shot in the movie. And the organ music layers it on thick and creepy. A terrific movie.
014028009X|5.0|I read, on average, about 100 books a year. About 1/3 are fiction and rarely would I even consider reading a book of this nature. I did, however, see a lot of publicity and I got curious about the book so I bought it and sat down to read it.<br />First, I read it in 2 sittings, which is very unusual for me. Secondly, I started to laugh out loud with the first 10-15 pages which caused my wife to think there was something wrong with me physically. She could not remember the last time she had heard me laugh out loud at a book.<br />I'm a male, married, and about as unlikely to read this book as anyone, yet I read it and enjoyed it totally. I related to the characters, the situations and to Bridget's quirky life.<br />I would highly recommend this book to anyone who wants a good laugh. Just brush up on your British slang a bit first!
0784011796|5.0|Much better than The 6th Sense and had me trying to guess what was real and what was not. There was a twist as there always is, but it made sense and I didn't guess it halfway through. Simply incredible--also refreshing to see a black and white movie in this day of &quot;it's only good if it's in color.&quot;
0790738139|1.0|I liked to see pointless violence done in a cliched, uninteresting way....when I was 13 years old.  I don't think this is really a one star film, but I feel the overall rating of this movie needs to come down a bit.  It is way overrated.  I found the movie uninteresting, a bit confusing, and riddled with unbeleivable, flat characters.  Don't beleive the hype - people just wet their pants when Kevin Spacey or any other actor they like pops up in a flick.  If you are not a discriminating person, you'll be entertained.  If you appreciate quality, intellectual films, you'll have more fun organizing your closet.
B00003CXRP|5.0|This movie was a great movie feturing a UPS manager played by tom hanks who gets stuck on an island in the south Pacific . some boxes from the airplain he was travaling on found their way to the island and saved his life . he also made a strangefriend named Wilson , who is a voliball made by the manufacturing company &quot;Wilson&quot;. If you want to find out more watch the movie on DVD and VHS .
B00000I9MK|5.0|If Belle and Sebastian were just serving up a 90's style of angst a la Morrissey etal, then this would be a good album but not great. But B &amp; S turn angst on its head and uncover the real heart of pop-optimism over cynicism, hopefulness over pessimism, life over death, basically. If you take &quot;I Don't Love Anyone&quot; at all seriously, you're entirely missing the point.
B00004Z4WR|5.0|After his brother botches a car theft, Mephis (Cage), who is a retired car thief, has to steal 50 top end cars to save his brother's life. This movie has everything a guy could want. A great soundtrack, a very sexy Angelina Jolie, and a lot of super hot cars! Again, Nicolas Cage does a great job with just an average supporting cast. This is like Con Air on land. The story line was a little hard to believe. I think it would be hard to steal 50 cars in one night. Especially when most of those cars are exotics. The special effects in this movie aren't really the greatest, but the action makes up for it. If you are into guy flicks, then this is a definate must for your collection. BTW, this movie is best seen in a home theater surround sound environment. Anything else takes a little away from the movie.
B00000K0DQ|5.0|This is a brilliant masterpiece that showcases the talents of two fine performers(Penn and Sarandon). Film is based on true events that happened in Louisiana involving man on death row and the spiritual advisor who consults with him during his last few days on death row. Acting and writing are all top-notch in this one. There are good supporting players too including R. Lee Ermey(Full Metal Jacket-Gunnery Sgt. Hartman!)
B00003CX8J|4.0|There is a really great comic book movie! I feel that this movie is by far better than any of the Batman movies. There is more action and less romance. This is the way a comic book movie should be made. I hoping someone comes out with a Spiderman movie!
0393317552|5.0|This book is a complete eye opener on why certain civilizations are more advanced than others.  It flys in the face of bigots and supremacists.  This book should be required reading.  <br />Jared Diamond is an excellent, clear writer.  When he begins writing about a new idea he starts by summarizing what he's going to talk about, then he talks about each item, then he summarizes what he just said.  For the brilliant mind, this might be too redundant, but for most of us nonbrilliant types it's great!  Like a good professor in collage!
B000059PRW|4.0|Creepshow 2 isn't so glamorous as its predecessor, but in many ways that works in its favor.  Gone is the lightshow and comics-inspired camera work.  All that is left are 3 nifty Stephen King stories and some serviceable actors to bring them to life (with the exception of George Kennedy who does a wonderful job as a storekeep who is murdered by thugs and avenged by a wooden Indian).  The wooden Indian tale that starts this movie comic book probably sums up all the themes that EC comics tried to beat us over the head with: If you are bad, bad things will happen to you.  Hence, thugs kill sweet storekeep, wooden Indian gores thugs.  They only got what was coming to them. Story Two, &quot;The Raft&quot; is all-out cool.  Kids smoke pot and swim to a raft (in an off-limits lake), and blob of gook on lake eats kids one by one until all that is left is the Camaro the kids drove up in.  &quot;The Raft&quot; is giddy fun.  Genuinely creepy.  But wait, there's &quot;The Hitchhiker.&quot;  Lois Chiles plays an adulteress driving home from a fling when she kills a hitch hiker and then drives off.  Of course, hitch hiker won't let her get away with that and so what follows is the scariest and most off beat segment in the movie.  I mean, this guy can't be killed, but Lois Chiles certainly gives it all she's got.  In the end, though - good triumphs and Lois gets hers.  And it's all great fun.  Not so flashy as Creepshow one, but this sequel is worthy.
0060392886|5.0|I keep putting this book down... This book has taken so long to get through...BECAUSE I DON'T EVER WANT IT TO END!!!! I have never read a book where i would finish a chapter and go back to re-read it immediately! It's amazing that Motley Crue has this kind of detailed recall considering the lifestyle, but I BLESS them for it!! This is a truly gritty read but if your like me, THAT'S THE BEST KIND. DO YOURSELF A FAVOR, BUY IT NOW.
0060920084|4.0|One man's very funny view of America. Some readers below have critiqued this as cruel - I thoroughly disagree! Yes, Mr Bryson takes irreverant &quot;shots&quot; at many spots in the US (my hometown included), but always with a purpose. If you have traveled across the US in a car, this story rings true. If you like Bill's sense of humor, you'll like this. A fine accompaniment to his books on Britain, Europe and Australia.
0767903854|5.0|I'd rate this somewhere between a 4 and 5. I read this book before a recent trip to Australia and found Mr. Bryson's comments about both the country and the people to be right on the mark. Additionally he has a great sense of humor. I saw Australians reading the book, perhaps the ultimate endorsement. Althought I only went to major cities, Mr. Bryson made me want to go deep into the continent. A great read.
B000002UB3|5.0|I wrote a abbey road review in wich i was talking about how songs bridge etc.  I said that i knew She came in through.... Was the name of another song, i meant i knew it was the name of a song on the album..  Just so no one is confused(dunno wy anybody wood, just thought someone mit)
0790744759|5.0|This is such a great movie! I can't stop watching it! I love Judy and she looks beautiful in this film,thanks to director and her future husband Vincente Minnelli. I love the cake walk number she does with Margaret O' Brien. Judy really looks happy in this film. It was probably one of the happy moments in her life. Judy, at first, did not want to play Esther Smith. But, she was convinced and we are all glad the you did it Joots!
B000002UB6|5.0|Some of the greatest songs ever are on this album (Long and winding road,Across the universe,Two of us, Get back,and Let it be)... this belongs in the collection of anyone who loves great music!!!
B000053VAF|5.0|If you are a fan of funny, well filmed movies that make you think, you will enjoy this movie.  If you take yourself or movies in general too seriously, skip this movie and watch something else.  The acting is first rate (and I am not normally a fan of several of the actors in this movie), the dialogue is crisp and witty, and the movie is artistically filmed with an expert hand.  The caveat, however, is that close-minded people should watch this at their own risk; it might force them to think in new ways.
B00005CCA9|4.0|To the other reviewer who declared this &quot;simply the greatest&quot;, I must respectfully disagree. For me, the greatest recorded performances of this piece are the Horowitz/Reiner and Rachmaninoff's own (Rachmaninoff is reputed to have said that Horowitz played the piece better than he did; after listening to his own recording, I'm not so sure). Argerich is certainly wonderful in this music, no question. But she doesn't match the electricity, romantic sweep, or virtuosity of either Horowitz or Rachmaninoff himself.
B00004ZD69|2.0|if you want a cd with a bunch of meaningless bubblegum lyrics set to dull generic techno beats and radio friendly hooks, then this is the album for you! the lead singer is nothing more than another britney spears clone, and i was not impressed with the guest appearances by 98 degrees and leean rimes. if you want to hear some real music, i suggest you run (not walk) to the record store and pick up creed's human clay.
0425152251|5.0|A friend of mine swore by this book, so I had to pick up a copy.  I've honestly never read a greater crash course in philosophy.  By not delving into incredible depth (Voltaire is a single sentence) Gaardner is able to show the whole of movements, and how they interact and feed on and into each other.  The chapter on linguistic roots and interrelations blew me away (I love etymology); and the way that the flow from movement to movement is easily visible is worth the price of admission.  My only one small gripe:  The ending could use about one or two more sentences, just to cement it more solidly.
B00004XQ83|4.0|The Cd is very nostagic and has a very capitvating beat. It blends tradional as well as new millieuim accents into a quasic factorial presentation. It definitely needs to be added to anyone CD collection.
6305508550|5.0|From the standpoint of one who's worked in software for thirty years it is dismaying to see the effect on the younger generation of the real computerized office, for it is either dystopian or perceived as such.<br />In Office Space, the worklives of TwentySomethings have been  structured by Baby Boomer technical obsessions and Romanticism.  The offices which the Baby Boomers manage are computerized by unrelievedly bad software: the restaurants in which they eat lunch demand of the invisible &quot;help&quot; that the &quot;help&quot; cater to a commodified freedom and &quot;flair.&quot;<br />Of course, this dystopia is dystopia in part because of perceptions.  Certainly, Java or HTML experts fleeing Kosovo in 1999, the year of the film's release, would be delighted to work in air conditioned offices not subject to artillery barrages.<br />However, Herman Melville's 1850s short story, Bartelby the Scrivener compels us to take seriously the complaint that work is boring and unfair.  In the short story, Bartelby, after years of clerical work (that was brutally boring, owing to the lack of office automation: Bartelby was a human Xerox machine, and even in the 1940s, Microsoft exec Charles Szymonyi was grateful to be hired as a human &quot;computer&quot;), &quot;prefers not to&quot;, like the hero of Office Space, do any more fair copies.<br />Office Space notes the unnoted ability of computer technology to generate absurd work at its margins, for its hero is engaged in manually scanning code for Year 2000 problems.  Now, I'd ask why this fictional character did not write a Perl script (a computer program) to do his job for him, but only to be a smartass: for in the type of organization portrayed in Office Space, ideological control prohibits such vernacular creativity.  <br />Unfortunately, had this movie been resolved at all realistically, there'd be, as they say, no movie.  For in fact very few people seem to ideologically rebel as our hero, who gets a job in construction (as if modern construction itself has not been Taylorized so as to render the construction worker equally subordinate as the computer programmer.)<br />Here in the Research Triangle Park, it still seems the case that when most people are laid-off or otherwise maltreated by companies like Nortel, they respond by stronger adhesion to individualist narratives and at best form their own firms, wherein they replicate, in the small, the failure to address needs and narratives higher than the individual.  <br />Note that the hero of Office Space does not transform into someone who becomes a team player because he is informed by a mystical vision of the necessity of absolute care-for-others, to name one possibility.  He is at first transformed into the type that our system says it desires: the whats-in-it-for-me individualist.  The consultants like him precisely because he so perfectly &quot;does&quot; the entrepreneural spirit: but note that in reality, employment specialists have found that in the actual job market, the person who has in the past formed his own company or in other ways foolishly tried to act out a capitalist scenario is less desired than the long-term corporate type.<br />Mike Judge does not, in other words, question some core assumptions of the business movie narrative.  Our narcissistic question throughout Office Space is how the hero will fare.<br />Like Herman Melville, Mike Judge sees no way out and has none of Hamlet's good sense: &quot;I could be bounded in a nutshell and count myself king of infinite space.&quot;  <br />Perhaps this is an important limitation of the way the American Transcendentalists narrated the money-mad lives of their fellow man when in the 1820s it became clear that we were not about to become a country on their model, where instead of working in sordid offices, or on the farm driving the slaves, we'd sit about listening to blue-stockings recite poetry, and Think Uplifting Thoughts.<br />The real story is not escape fromthe counting-house or the modern office it is the ability of most real people to be bounded in a nutshell and count themselves kings of infinite space.  Some Americans do this through religion, others through drugs, still others by posting reviews on Amazon.  Redemption consists in the final realization that hegemony for good or ill is here to stay and there really is no way outa this place.  So get back to work on that perl program.
014028009X|4.0|This is just a great, lighthearted book that seems to be universally enjoyed by women aged 18-35.  I highly recommend this to anyone looking for an entertaining book about the life of a singleton in Europe who's a bit clumsy and completely charming.  Even if you've seen the movie, read the book.  I recommend reading it before you see the movie so you can have your own image of Bridget, rather than imagining Renee Zellweger to be the character.  Because, when you finish, you may realize there's a bit of Bridget in us all.
0688002307|5.0|What is good and what is not good, Phaedrus ... need we ask ourselves these things?&quot;<br />Robert Pirsig is HUMAN, and blasts this feeling all over his novel.  His duel against the ghost of Phaedrus is an arduous spiritual and intellectual conundrum.  His dreams take you on a  quest for truth ... about himself, and what it means to be alive. Pirsig's story about a man who comes to find his true self is a story of eloquence, which page by page, reveals a little more of not only the character (and therefore the writer), but also of YOURSELF.  His story runs along a journey which encompasses his the grand West along with his son Chris and two friends: John and Sylvia, whom he cannot understand at times.<br />The physical journey however is not even close to the importance of the spiritual and mental journey that Pirsig underwent, and in so doing makes you an active partcipant of the glory of self-discovery.<br />It's a story about losing frustrations over intellectual deceptions, and hidden angers against philosophers, and against the screaming voice of Aristotle through the ages embodied in the division of knowledge into a set spectrum.  It's about understanding something which is outside the normal realm of comprehension, a place where chaos exists because there is nothing to explain things with.  He needs to find a new Rationality.<br />But overall, as Pirsig invites you to be a speccial member of his mystical METANOIA (rebirth), the participation is caustic, and inaugurates you upon your own journey ... on &quot;a motorcycle called yourself.&quot;<br />This is one of those books that you'll remember when you're on a long road trip or driving home, the kind of book that you'll tell your grandchildren about over and over again.  It 's the kind of book that will make you remember it as you go to bed.<br />Frankly, this book changed the way I look at my life and the people around me.  If you give it an honest chance, I think it will do the same for you.  And generally, that's a very good thing.<br />Enjoy, and Take Scheduled Care of Your Bike!
B00003CXP1|4.0|This is one of the most haunting films you'll ever see.  Requiem is a very artsy creepy movie which follows 4 lives to utter bleak destruction.   It's a very suffocating film and I wouldn't suggest it for anyone who couldn't handle Frances...or anyone who wouldn't want to see some graphically disturbing depictions of sexuality turned morbid.  If you're looking for something original and different...this is right for you.
0140186395|4.0|Steinbeck showed me once again his amazing storytelling abilities in East of Eden.  The character of Lee is one of the greatest characters in an American novel, but, unfortunately, the rest of Eden's characters are rather 2-dimensional.  Although the lessons directed towards the reader are important, Steinbeck went a little bit too heavy on the analogies.  It had some flaws, but Steinbeck's storytelling is able to pull it up.
0792156684|5.0|Ah yes, the controversy and hype surrounding &quot;Titanic&quot; is nothing short of legendary.  Look back to &quot;Gone With the Wind&quot; and &quot;Anthony and Cleopatra&quot; for a quick lesson in &quot;the-vehicle-is-bigger-than-the-film-itself.&quot;<br />The special effects are impeccable, as is Cameron's historical detail.  One &quot;for-instance,&quot; when Jack is on the deck talking with Rose, he says, &quot;We've talked about how great the weather's been...&quot;  This may seem to be a throw-away line, but it is, in fact, an important historical detail.  A warmer than average winter had caused icebergs to calve sooner and thus be further south--in the shipping lanes!  This may seem to be a small detail to those of you who love to hate Leonardo Decaprio, or love to malign films simply because they are so hugely successful, but James Cameron has created a movie masterpiece.<br />Sure, the acting could be better, as could the script.  But in terms of sheer movie making, the production aspects, &quot;Titanic&quot; ranks among the best films ever made.  The cultural phenomenon is an extra bonus to keep the &quot;event&quot; of the film alive in our consciousness.<br />Teenage girls repeatedly flocked to the theaters to see this 3 1/2 hour movie--why?  To fawn over Leo?  Some commentators have pointed to the cathartic experience of witnessing Jack give his life for Rose.  Very few films that appeal to as broad an audience as &quot;Titanic&quot; feature a self-sacrificial death as centrally as this one.  No happy ending here, and many young people found this fact intriguing enough to sit through it again and again.<br />The DVD has plenty of extra-features to keep the cino-philes happy, though I'm sure there will be a future release of another version (perhaps including the 1/2 hour of footage Cameron cut from the theatrical release).<br />Love it or hate it, &quot;Titanic&quot; will remain a milestone in cinematic history.  This is not a franchise like &quot;Star Wars,&quot; but is a single film that has ensured Cameron's place among Hollywood's greatest directors.tar Wars,&quot; but is a single film that has ensured Cameron's place among Hollywood's greatest directors.
0380973650|4.0|An enjoyable book, but I thought that too many themes were repeated from earlier works of his.  Putting that aside, I have to admit that I'm putting this book to a higher standard because I've come to expect more from his writing.
0767824571|4.0|Yes, this is, without a doubt, one of the funniest films ever made.  Python's classic humor has highly influenced untold numbers of comedians (including the original SNL cast) and several generations of movie fans who like their humor a bit more witty than most of what passes for comedy in Hollywood these days.<br />Why I did not give this DVD 5 stars is the lack of extra features.  There is a director's commentary out there--I heard it years ago on Comedy Central!<br />This sad fact aside, the color has been brilliantly restored to the print, which is usually washed out.  The sound is nicely preserved as well.<br />When they get around to releasing a DVD worthy of this fine film, I will be glad to give it as many stars as possible.
B0000009RT|5.0|Tongue-in-cheek, self-conscious, slashing.  Brilliant.  Fank and the Mothers move you on an arc from what you know to what you hope to know.  You can live with this one for a long time.
B000050FEN|5.0|Serial killer movies are usally predictable, lame, poorly acted, unintelligent script...  Hey, theres more.  But Se7en, well, I know a masterpiece when I see one.  The acting is supurb, the script is (gasp!) smart... God almighty in Heaven, a SMART script in a serial killer movie?... what is this world coming too?  But, as I was saying, the directing is great, the extra features are splendid... there is so much more, but you need to see for your self.<br />Se7en is about a murderer who kills his victoms according to the seven deadly sins.  Rookie detective Mills (Brad Pitt) meets up with veteran Detective Somerset (Morgan Freeman), who is six days away from retirement to stop this &quot;madman&quot;.  <br />Se7en is an edge-of-your-seat thriller with more twists and turns than you can shake a stick at.  Highly reccomended to all who enjoy excellent, well-acted, SMART movies.
B00004YKUY|5.0|As the title implies, Journey truly IS back. This is one awesome CD. Every single song is great! My personal faves from this CD are \\"World Gone Wild\\" and \\"Nothin' Comes Close\\". Steve Augeri does have the voice and the rest of the band is excellent as well.  Especially Neal!  He is one of the greatest guitarists of all time! All of a sudden, I no longer miss Steve Perry. ... Anyway, like I said earlier, this is one awesome CD and Journey truly IS back. Buy this CD, you will not be disappointed. Can't wait to see them in concert on July 18!  Rock on Journey!
0812550706|5.0|Andrew \\"Ender\\" Wiggin is a government-sanctioned third child in a time in our future when population control is strictly enforced.  Being quicker, smarter, and brighter than his classmates doesn't help, and when he is sent to Battle School, the elite training facility for future starship pilots and fleet commanders, being the youngest and breaking all the records doesn't win him any friends.  The story follows Ender through his trials to prove his worth and be the best in a school full of people who resent his superiority, and in his unwitting battle to save the human race from destruction.  This book will only make you want to read the rest of the series, trust me, this is Sci-Fi for people who don't like Sci-Fi.
B00004T37H|5.0|Princess Mononoke is the most astounding animated motion picture I have ever seen!The frame rate is obviosly better than your common anime,and the attention to detail that Miyazaki took is absolutly breathtaking!Sure,it's a little bloody at times,but remember it's just red ink.If your an anime fan or just want to see a good film, don't hesitate to buy this Japanese masterpiece!
B00005ATQD|5.0|Raises a string of mysterious questions,to be explored by the viewer. One that has generated much talk among myself and friends, is the possibility that nicole may have been one of the attendees at the costume orgy. Look closely at nicole peering up at Tom as he returns home, the mask on her bedside- did she pick it up at the orgy? Is nicole really the red head who worns Tom to leave the orgy? Is nicole in fact part of this secret society? View this awsome picture a few times and see how it begins to unravel before your wide eyes. It's an engrossing masterpiece from the master himself, Kubrick.
B00003W8NM|5.0|I didn't know what to expect when I first saw the movie in the theatre.  But after the amazing opening credits (both music and visuals) which pan out from electrons bouncing around inside Norton's confused brain, out through a bead of sweat on his head, where his narration begins to explain why the camera ends the pan along the barrel of a gun, I knew it was going to be quite a ride.  The next couple of minutes don't let up either: as the narration continues, the camera pans through a skyscraper, through concrete and steel to show a scene of a bomb ticking away in a van in an empty parking lot.  Then up to an appartment: panning across photo-realistic computer-generated appliances, super close up, to show another bomb planted behind a refrigerator...<br />But you don't have to be a pyro to love the movie.  Forget the awesome music throughout the film and the creative opening; the movie excels all the way through.  Acting-wise, Pitt was inarguably perfect: born to play Durden.  He was once quoted complimenting Chuck Palahniuk for writing the best part he's played.  Oscar winner, Ed Norton doesn't hold back either.  The complementary roles not only play well to the movie's theme, but provide for a surprising twist at the end.<br />The plot and theme stay fresh by working at different levels.  On the surface, it's a movie about a club where men, realizing their repression by society, go to release testoserone by beating each other up.  One layer deeper, it's about the proletariate rising up against the ruling class.  Ultimately, however, I think the message is about a savior, who in his dream life, destroys the society he helped create.  The onion makes the movie appeal to a broad range of admittedly male audiences, but a very well-threaded twisted love triangle helps round out the appeal to other demos as well.  <br />I held off buying a DVD player until my pre-ordered FC-DVD was shipped.  But it was worth the wait.  It comes with everything you could ever want on a 2disc set including cuts, interviews, a full &quot;Making of&quot; feature, and trailers.  But my favorite part are the alternate intros with different versions of the opening theme.  &quot;Stealing Fat&quot;, by the Dust Brothers is incredible. <br />-Jason
0385501560|3.0|Palahniuk's unique prose that first came to light in &quot;Fight Club&quot; seems to wear out in the first few pages of &quot;Choke&quot;. The main character, Victor is a stand-in for Jack from &quot;Fight Club&quot; it seems. Same frustration with commercialism and corporate power, same working class drudgery, same quirky angst. Yet the gentrified universe that Jack reacted against that Palahniuk created in his first novel seemed plausible through its absurdity. Victor never achieves that &quot;everyman&quot; status that creates strong empathy from the reader. His lonliness which manifests itself in the need to be sexually compulsive and to fabricate a false sense of closure for elderly people is not done well enough to hold interest. <br />The book has its moments and they are usually on a chapter by chapter basis. Palahniuk's style forms a short story of sorts out of each chapter which, if taken as such, is extremely well written. However the story is not successful when each chapter is woven together. Story elements are either not taken far enough or just do not make sense. That Victor might be the Messiah or that his love interest might be from the future (a point brought up way too late for the reader to even care) never solidify and contribute to the haphazard construction of &quot;Choke.&quot;<br />Palahniuk clearly has something to say. If he could only mold less repetative characters and maintain that kick in the teeth that he is capable of.
B000003B6J|5.0|This is the album and the group that started the form of hip hop known as &quot;Gangsta&quot;.   These 6 brothas took hip hop to another level and now everybody wants to be a thug or a gangsta.  Formed by the late great Eazy E, this group is the supergroup of hip hop because it gave us not only Eazy,  but MC Ren who has 1 of the dopest flows ever put down, my boy Ice Cube whom I consider 1 of the best ever in the rap game( no disrespect to 2Pac &amp; Biggie) and without question the best producer in the game Dr Dre.  This album is a classic and any true hip-hop head has it, and I can't wait for the NWA reunion album whenever it happens. PEACE OUT........GWHIZ.
0812550706|5.0|Ender is the savior of the world, the end of the Buggers.  Mankind is in a desperate fight to save the world, though it is delayed over decades because of space travel.  <br />Ender is the last chance before the human race is wiped out and he is a child.  The teachers instruct him at a battle school for children, promoting him too early, isolating him and making him into a killing machine.  He struggles with his killer instinct (represented by Peter his villainous older brother) and his compassion (represented by his angel sister Valentine).  <br />As adults read this they often find sympathy for Ender as one of their own children, not wanting him to go through the isolation, but know it is necessary for the greater good.  Teenagers and children view themselves as Ender, always struggling to define themselves and fighting against the authority in their own lives.  Readers of all ages become emotionally invested in the characters because of their vulnerability and tragic circumstances.  <br />Ender¡¯s Game is well constructed, exciting, and well worth reading.
B00004SU5J|5.0|I've listened to this CD more than 50 times and still each time it's as fresh as the first one. &quot;Rouse Rouge&quot; still leaves me breathless. It's the most original and innovative piece of music I've listened to in ages. Seamless fusion of jazz and techno (though no one will argue that it's definitely serious jazz). Sensational.
0800132343|5.0|Wolfgang Petersen is one of the finest directors in the world. This movie and In the Line of Fire brought him fame. Watching this film makes the genius of this filmmaker so obvious. The German drama of U-boat combat shows us a different side of the conflict. It is 1941, Germany has been at war with Britain for two years, and, as the captain observes, they don't make mistakes anymore. With dreams of glory and adventure, the crew of U-96 sets out on its mission. Their captain, though has dreams of just coming home. Instead of seeing the German crew as mindless Nazis, we see them as young men looking for a place in life, no different than any men that have ever fought. The Anti-War message is present (is it possible to make a non-Anti-War film?) and a face is given to those 30,000 men who never returned to their home after the War that were serving on U-boats. Among the handful of top WWII films, and war films in general.
1586210912|4.0|One of the best book ever written about how the money works, how we can achieve wealth and how the riches think and act. I highly recommend to anyone whom are interested in the fields above. Prabably everyone. Read it and you'll be inspired and amazed at how easy it is to achieve great wealth and power. Fairly interesting book to read off the bat. 4/5 stars. I've read better books in my life but this one is one of the best!
6303014100|5.0|Absolutely one of the most moving films I've ever seen in my life. I was in tears repeatedly throughout this 4-hour masterpiece. No one who cares about America and its history should miss this movie.
0517122707|5.0|Just for the pure enjoyment of the character and the genius of the writing, buy this book! You have to know New Orleans somewhat to appreciate some of the places, but you don't have to know New Orleans to recognize the characters!
0553212621|4.0|When I thought of &quot;Lady Chatterley's Lover,&quot; images of some late night cable movie came to my head.  Because of this, I thought of this as just a novel by Lawrence but not something which was really indicative of his work.  I was wrong.  This is a very good book.<br />As in &quot;Sons and Lovers,&quot; Lawrence uses the scenery around the characters to give you an idea of something deeper than the interaction between Clifford, Connie, Mrs. Bolton, and Mellors.  Flowers play another large role is showing you what he means.<br />Yes, there is frank talk of sex in the novel.  I do not find it crude as the history behind the book would lead you to believe (but then, I am reading it over fifty years after it came out).  The way Lawrence deals frankly with his characters in their mannerisms and speech is pure art.  Even if you have never been in the exact situation that these people are in, you can see things and experience emotions/frustrations that affect you now.<br />At the end of the book is a short section from Lawrence discussing what he was thinking when he put this work together.  For those wanting to see a bit more into Lawrence's mind, this is a great treat.<br />I would recommend this book to anyone.
B000003TAR|5.0|In Utero is sincerity and genuine emotion in its most raw form reflected in amazing melodies with Kurts unique guitar styles and unforgettable voice singing lyrics so deep and personal you can't help but agree that Nirvana lives on.   The diversity shown on this album is unbelievable, you can listen to every single track without skipping once...if you do then your missing out!   As a teenager who is into alternative music, people often automatically think that listening to Nirvana means that I am burning up with teenage angst, lock myself in my room and listen to that shallow nu-metal american ****.   However, this is totally not true, Nirvana are a true inspiration for anyone, regardless of their age, gender or race. I'm not in awe of the suicide image but i hold sooo much respect for the amazing music Nirvana created.   Kurts a worthy legend and will always live on, in his words...peace, love and empathy.
B000001IPL|5.0|I had never owned a CD where my favorite song was the title song until this one. Smash is a totally fun CD with classics like Come Out and Play and Self Esteem. Every song is filled with Dexter's anxt-filled voice, screaming about one problem or another. The great punk music combined with their lyrics make this a have to have album. Smash is my favorite song on this CD, with Killboy Powerhead and Bad Habit coming in as close seconds. Don't miss out on this all-time favorite!
B000001OAA|5.0|Nothing beats a rock/pop combo with a girl singer, and Garbage takes the formula to new heights. Garbage, the eponymous album is brilliant from start to finish, hanging together in a way few pop albums ever do. They borrow from all genres, but blend it into a unique and infectious sound. Standout tracks include Milk and the sensational Only Happy When it Rains, but the whole album is definitely worth a listen. After that, you'll go back to it over and over again, as I have in the six years since it was released.
B00000J7JO|4.0|This is my first and only Red Hot Chili Peppers album, and it is awesome. I love the funky beats of Around the World and the more melodramatic lyrics of Scar Tissue and The Other Side. Anthony's voice really stands out and added to their great tunes, they combine to make a fantastic CD. If you have not given the Peppers a chance, take it on this album, it's worth every cent!
B00005AACC|5.0|This movie is awesome. Tom cruise was excellent. But the thing that go me is that he did all of his stunts.  John Woo did an excellent job of making the stunts happen. <br />                            Story Line 10 of 10  Ethan Hunt goes undercover to stop a mad man from releasing a deadly virues on the world that will kill in under two days.  <br />You will love this movie if you are an action lover!  Even if you aren't you will love it
B000002TWN|5.0|Those of you who long for the true classic forms of soul and R&B to return to contemporary music need look no further than this stunningly talented self-taught pianist-writer-producer-arranger-singer's groundbreaking debut album.  This was released at a time when rickety drum machines and formulaic arrangements and lyrics were everywhere, and innovation was... well, nowhere to be found.  Rather than falling prey to those generic qualities of most urban R&B of the '90s, D'Angelo instead takes his soul influences like Marvin Gaye, Al Green, Stevie Wonder, Sly Stone, Prince, etc. and breathes new life into these traditional forms by adopting them with a hip-hop attitude.  He glides his smoky organ over a piano and bassline that sounds reminiscent of barroom jazz, while singing a love song to herb on the now-classic title track.  On his cover of Smokey Robinson's 'Cruisin' he wavers between an old school innocence and new school experience vibe, using subtle violins and orchestration and creating something that few artists can - an absolutely perfect rendition of an excellent old song.  The notoriously-titled 'S.D.M.' (er, as I call it 'Shoot, Darn, Moe Fletcher') is a very bluesy, slow-building number that utterly personifies the boiling hot rage that surfaces in a man over a woman's betrayal.  Every other song only makes D'Angelo's wild talents more evident, in the same way that everytime you heard a new song by Marvin Gaye or Curtis Mayfield back in the day, you could see their brilliance and how deep their talents ran.    Every song on this album gives off a late-night smoky club vibe that works wonders over you and makes you realize that you are listening to some truly great music.  D'Angelo's voice can waver from rough baritone to smooth falsetto with ease and his excellent organ playing is at once effortless funk and sophisticated jazz all melded into a unique sound.  Cruise the downtown strip late at night bumping this album in your car.  Nothing will make you feel happier to be alive.  It is my belief, that this album will undoubtedly transcend times and genres and be held as one of the all-time great debuts.
1558807381|3.0|I just rented this movie because I was looking for a good fantasy flick to watch. It's hard pickings in the fantasy video selection these days. Hopefully Lord of the Rings will come up soon in the theater. I decided upon Legend, to bring home and watch. I will tell you that the beginning scenes were quite stunning and magnificently beautiful indeed. Especially the first scene involving the unicorns, as they frolicked about in that stream. But I thought that the rest of the movie was pretty wierd. It could have used a bit more action scenes, too, with Jack using a sword a bit more i mean. I would actually give this maybe 3 1/2 stars purely for its eye candy, making it visually stunning at some points, in the beginning. Other than that, I probably won't watch it again while it's still rented.
B000007ODY|3.0|One gets the sense with these recordings that something is wrong. Now my tastes have always ran more towards the Weimar school (Liszt, Wagner, Bruckner, Mahler) than the Liepzig school (Mendelssohn, Schumann, Brahms) when it comes to Romantic and post-romantic music. As a result, I trust my critical abilities less with a Brahms or Schumann performance than a Bruckner or Wagner performance. Nevertheless, upon first hearing, something was wrong with these performance. The hesitant timpani strike at the openning of the 1st symphony, the rush to get through the difficult opening movement of the 2nd symphony, and the liner notes that apologized for Karajan's approach( &quot;one senses that Karajan is finally able to relax in the 2nd symphony&quot; which I interpret as apology for the smooth and sterile 1st symphony) all suggest that something is amiss. Though the curmudgeon Brahms certainly lacked Schumann's Dionysian side, I can't get over the hunch that Brahms did not have in mind these slick and smooth performances that Karajan hands us. Not that these performances lack drama. The opening movement of the 3rd and the final movement of the 2nd certainly show drama. What they lack is the consuming intensity and fury that Brahms tempermentally shared with Beethoven. Perhaps what deprives the music is the nagging sense that every passage is played legato, or Karajan's tyrannical need to be in control, or even more, his fear of slipping into vulgarity. The liner notes go out of their way to assure us that Karajan's polished product is the farthest thing from vulgarity. Though Brahms performed garishly can be blush-inducing, one wishes nevertheless that Karajan would lighten his grip a bit let the more agitated elements and churning passages written into the score come to the forefront a little more.
B00005BJ2O|5.0|This soundtrack, while taking a lot of old hits and revamping them for the movie, is completely original.  Who would've thought to add all of these songs together in the way that Baz Luhrman did.  Nicole Kidman is an excellent singer, as is Ewan MacGregor.  They both deserve a lot of praise for the work they did in the film as well as lending their voices to the soundtrack.
B0000247D1|4.0|I gave a quick summary of my thoughts on Wand's Bruckner in my review of his go at the 5th symphony so this will be a bit more abbrieviated. Wand glacial, monolithic, monumental, etc. approach to Bruckner worked in his interpretation of the 5th symphony. Perhaps this was because the 5th is Bruckner's most austere and serious work (the 8th and 9th snarl a good deal more than the 5th, and show a bit of doubt and hysteria at times as well). However, this approach, I hesitantly suggest, represents a regression back to ...-fied Bruckner(notice the proliferation of Haas performances again). This is a German and Teutonic Bruckner; not Bruckner the upper-Austrian whose foot-stomping scherzos reveal an incorrigible peasant. Wand's approach falls flat in the 4th symphony. Where is the drama and suspense one would expect from a \\"romantic\\" symphony? Where are the evocations of nature one would expect from such a symphony? Those aspects are washed away in a straight-faced, colossal, Teutonic interpretation. This is not a lithe, optimistic and youthful knight \\"sallying forth\\" as Bruckner suggested. I get the sense that many conductors these days try to save the world with every Bruckner symphony. Though Wand may not be AS guilty of this as say Celibedache or Karajan, he leans more in that direction. To those who aren't sure what I'm getting at, some remedial listening is necessary. Jochum's interpretation of the 4th is a romantic blaze in comparison, and I think many would be suprised by how quick Klemperer conducted the 4th. There is a livelyness, flexibility, and a bit of a snarl in Jochum, Klemperer, and Furtwangler's Bruckner (Furtwangler's Bruckner could be downright wild; listen to his wartime Vienna recording of the 8th). This is a Bruckner tradition, that I think is probably dying, but it is worth getting to know nevertheless. In conclusion, while Wand's stoic and plodding approach may work in the 5th and 8th, it fails in the 4th which calls for more dramatic contrasts than Wand is capable of calling forth.
B00005B4GU|5.0|radiohead have been THE most intersting band of the last four years, and that is saying a lot. nearly all of the great bands of the 90's didn't make it to the next decade (bands like nirvana, the smashing pumpkins, soundgarden), but radiohead have kept it up for over a decade, and now, with, 'amnesiac,' radiohead unleash their most complicated (and ultimately rewarding) album to date.<br />packt like sardines in a crushd tin box - an odd, electronic ditty to start the album with. don't judge the rest of the album by this song, because none of them are like it.<br />pyramid song - 'amnesiac's crowning masterpiece; this may be the best song radiohead have ever recorded. dramatic, lilting, and downright gorgeous, it's almost like a religious experience.<br />pulk/pull revolving doors - another strange, electronic piece. this is the last one of it's sort on the album.<br />you and whose army? - another painfully beautiful song. it has a soft, slow beginning, but then transforms into a grand, piano-driven masterpiece. definitely one of the best songs on the album.<br />i might be wrong - oh my god! they actually went back to guitar-hooks for this song! an unexpected rocker, this song never fails to make me happy. it has a bluesy (although tense) feeling to it; you'll be nodding your head in no time.<br />knives out - yet another amazing song, beautiful, yet scary. as i've read, this is a song about cannibalism. don't be fooled by the pretty tune.<br />amnesiac/morning bell - this is an alternate version of a song off of, 'kid a,' and it is equally as brilliant, although very, very different. it's very slow, and sounds like a mixture of a child's nightmare and the theme from, 'journey to the center of the earth.'<br />dollars &amp; cents - this is an anti-capitalist rant that is the most satisfying song on the album. it has a strange, exotic beat with a string section, and thom yorke ranting about the evil's of money.<br />hunting bears - just a short, lyric-less piece ofnoise from the machine. interesting to listen to but not an actual song.<br />like spinning plates - here is where radiohead does something completely different, but the song is not easy to listen to. yorke sings sweetly over a strange, bass-laden tape loop, and that's the entire song.<br />life in a glasshouse - radiohead abandons rock-experimentalism for this track, and goes into an all-out jazz romp. the brass section is excellent.<br />so, for god's sake, buy this album!!! if you were put off by, 'kid a,' don't go by that judgement, because this album truly sounds nothing like it.
B000059ZLH|3.0|First off I want to say that I love Dream Theater and they are perhaps some of the best musicians that have ever walked the face of the planet, but this DVD leaves a little to be desired. First off, NO SOLOS!! Why? The whole resaon I bought this DVD was to see a Mike Portnoy drum solo. The second thing I did not like was the very low budget independent film [stuff] between all the songs, what is that?? It's like listening to a Dream Theater CD during [bad] movie night on the Sundance Channel. Another thing that disturbed me was that it seemed like what you see is what is played on the giant monitor at the concerts, goofy effects and other things. A must have for die-hard fans but casual non-musician fans stay away.
B00005B4GU|4.0|....and I still gave Amnesiac four stars! This is because Radiohead will always remain close to my heart, for giving me songs such as Fake Plastic Trees, Paranoid Android, High and Dry, Lurgee and Climbing up the Walls. You can understand Thom Yorke's need to follow a different path. Life isn't about repeating the same thing ad infinitum, especially if you're as obviously creatively inspired and emotionally brave as Thom is. We should be thankful that Radiohead continued at all - it seems as though it was either the fractured, disonant, experimental approach of Kid A and Amnesiac or nothing. What Radiohead have given us is a series of question marks which, though some (including myself) may find emotionally distant and ambiguous, nevertheless remain interesting. I find Amnesiac more rewarding than Kid A - richer and with greater texture and depth. And how could you top OK Computer? At least Radiohead resisted becoming overcharged parodies of themselves.
0375501851|1.0|While reading this book, I had a dream that tells me all I need to know about Zadie Smith's \\"philosophy\\" in this vastly over praised diatribe against a meaningful life.  The dream: on the deck of a ship is a living whale which is having its flesh carved from its body with sharp knives as it looks on with infinitely sad eyes.<br />Zadie Smith uses her sharp tongue to eviscerate life.  All the characters in this book are the absolute worst of collective fools and despisers of life who haven't the self reflection or will to make the least little attempt to drag themselves from the cesspools from which they came.  I wouldn't spend five minutes with any of these characters for fear of being tainted by their lunacy, lack of spirit and outright hatred of life.  Take Archie a cipher who slouches through life pathetically flipping a coin to make decisions for him, he would even kill himself based on this chance event.  And when \\"life\\"--in the form a deranged butcher who starts each day making a mad attempt at hacking live pigeons to death with a sharp cleaver-offers Archie a second chance his first act is to drive around until he finds a commune in which he can get drunk and laid-what magnificent philosophical insight.  Archie's sole \\"contribution\\" to the world is saving the life of a Nazi eugenicist-and so it goes throughout this book.<br />Then there is Clara, future wife of Archie, whose mother is a Jehovah's Witness waiting for the second coming mostly in anticipation of seeing everyone, save the blessed 144,000 left standing at the world's end, having their &quot;eyes melt in thier sockets&quot; and being burned alive thereby giving justification of her clear and obsessive hatred of life.  Clara just flips to some equally ridiculous opposite of this \\"religion\\" by becoming a drug taking slut - fine everybody needs to experience the different sides of themselves but no one in this book, and I mean no one, ever learns a thing from their experiences and grows from them; they are absolutely bound by their past with  no hope or even reason to bother with making their future different.<br />I could go on and on about Smith's utterly offensive take on life as expressed through the characters of this novel.  But a summary will do.  All men, particularly fathers, are either fanatical, self delusional, masturbatory fools or flaccid, passive nothings.  Women, who are no better, all make pathetic choices or allow choices to be made for them and then stay with them as if this were emblematic of love--but love of what?.  Their children either become their soulless, spiritless parents or their equally execrable fanatical or flaccid opposites.<br />Smith refers to Yeat's poem The Second Coming which speaks to the coming of the Spiritus Mundi where \\"somewhere in the sands of the desert/A shape with lion body and head of a man,/A gaze blank and pitiless as the sun,/Is moving its slow thighs, while all about it/Reel shadows of the indignant desert birds.\\"  But she invites the reader to mock this beast all the while beckoning it along.<br />This book is not funny, it is not wise and it is not a pleasure to read unless of course it makes you feel better, like Hortense (Clara's mother) to imagine life eviscerated before your very eyes.  Smith wraps all this \\"philosophy\\" in fancy, glittering gibberish but it doesn't cover over the stink of her sense of the world.  Everyone has white teeth, however Smith's, like Clara's have simply been knocked out leaving only a razor sharp tongue stripping the flesh from life.y are absolutely bound by their past with  no hope or even reason to bother with making their future different.<br />I could go on and on about Smith's utterly offensive take on life as expressed through the characters of this novel.  But a summary will do.  All men, particularly fathers, are either fanatical, self delusional, masturbatory fools or flaccid, passive nothings.  Women, who are no better, all make pathetic choices or allow choices to be made for them and then stay with them as if this were emblematic of love--but love of what?.  Their children either become their soulless, spiritless parents or their equally execrable fanatical or flaccid opposites.<br />Smith refers to Yeat's poem The Second Coming which speaks to the coming of the Spiritus Mundi where \\"somewhere in the sands of the desert/A shape with lion body and head of a man,/A gaze blank and pitiless as the sun,/Is moving its slow thighs, while all about it/Reel shadows of the indignant desert birds.\\"  But she invites the reader to mock this beast all the while beckoning it along.<br />This book is not funny, it is not wise and it is not a pleasure to read unless of course it makes you feel better, like Hortense (Clara's mother) to imagine life eviscerated before your very eyes.  Smith wraps all this \\"philosophy\\" in fancy, glittering gibberish but it doesn't cover over the stink of her sense of the world.  Everyone has white teeth, however Smith's, like Clara's have simply been knocked out leaving only a razor sharp tongue stripping the flesh from life.
0345350499|5.0|The Mists Of Avalon, I think was the best book I have read.It shows a new perspective on the Arthurian legends especially on old characters such as Morgaine and Gwenhwfyar.Also it doesn't show just the physical world but the spiritual world as well. It is very hard to do that and I'm very impressed on how Marion Zimmer Bradley created that image so well. It made me feel I was actually there with the characters.This is why this book will be my favorite forever.
B000002VSN|4.0|Whitney is the number diva to date,no one does it better,than Mrs.Houston-Brown.From r and b to pop reggue to hip hop,whitney has it covered. for this cd,i was looking for something quite diffrent, may favorites on the cd is I love the Lord, and step by step,w hich is a great cover of ms.lennox's song which was never released!!!!!<br />Whitney like one song states you are loved!!!!!!!!!
0679882820|5.0|I started reading this book to my son when he was a year old and he just loved it!  He goes &quot;moo,moo&quot; whenever he sees it and it got him addicted to books.  Since then, he makes me read to him before bed every night and bedtimes have become a time for family bonding.
B00004RHZU|5.0|...Pink is one of those rare artists today who actually has a voice, and for her debut album, Pink's ability to draw all attention is incredible, especially when the album is jampacked for fifty minutes. My personal picks are: &quot;Split Personality&quot; this song showcases her voice fine, I like the way she talks in the backround, &quot;Most Girls&quot; was a smash and I can understand why, &quot;There You Go&quot; another incredible song, I'm sure a lot of girls can relate to this song, &quot;You Make Me Sick&quot; a good song, kind of sounds like &quot;There You Go&quot;, and &quot;Can't Take Me Home&quot;. If you like fantastic R&amp;B music, pick up this album today.
B00003CXRM|5.0|Very Interesting and entering.  Taking the Odeyssey and making it into a depression type film.  Excellent camera work, direction, and acting.  The use of computers in this film was interesting as well, which is on the dvd, the making of the movie.  I really enjoy watching this film and I am not one to watch movies over again but I have this one.
6302293553|5.0|this movie was splendid indeed.i thought it was superb.NI NI NI
080017948X|4.0|This potentially lightweight romantic comedy takes a potentially tedious fantastic twist and turns it into a tribute to the possibility of redemption for even the most despicable of us poor humans.  Bill Murray's character actually becomes likeable by the end of the movie, which may be a real tribute to his acting ability.
B00004YKUY|1.0|I have been a fan of Journey for over 20 years. Steve Augeri is a very good singer. But if they wanted a trually great soulful voice with great range, they should have gone after HUGO. Who is 10 times the vocalist Steve Perry ever dreamed of being. Let's face it, the last great release was ESCAPE, from top to bottom that was one of the greatest albums ever. This is almost as bad as Raised on Radio... They should just break up for good and go about on solo careers again. Which by the way, Neal Schoon had some great solo releases. Stop putting out this garbage and salvage what is left of any credibility and hang JOURNEY up for good... They were once great, now they stink... The album sales are not that good, and they are not filling the arenas any more. Actually they are playing to half full small theatres... Trually very, very sad.....
B000055QHO|5.0|I have every album and video Enya has produced.  Her music touches the soul and spirit and carries one to higher places.  To me, it is music in its purest form.  Enya's music reminds me of Ray Bradbury's title, &quot;I Sing the Body Electric.&quot;  Her newest release, Day Without Rain, while remaining consistent with the Enya style, suggests a deeper, more introspective Enya, pensive yet positive while continuing her quest to discover what we all want to know...&quot;why?&quot;  I will listen to this cd over and over.
B000001FS3|5.0|Listen &quot;Joshua Tree&quot; is a constant pleasure. Through the years, i re-discover new details in this album. The strong, emotional, and deep lyrics and music, makes this record a spiritual art. The time has transformed it in a classic of rock music. I have no doubt: is the best album recorded in the 80's, and one of the greatest rock albuns ever, comparable to &quot;dark side of the moon&quot; (Pink Floyd), &quot;transformer&quot; (Lou Reed), or &quot;beggars banquet&quot; (rolling stones).
B00004WGYA|5.0|I just purchased my copy of the newly remastered Rio with limited edition packaging.  I can't stress this enough, GET THIS PACKAGING!  Not only was the CD remastered but the packaging has been as well.  The artwork has been rescanned and touched up using original artwork from the album and from the singles, and get this - the lyrics are large and easy to read.  The package opens like an old double LP would with pockets on each side, one for the lyric book and one for the CD.  Even the CD has it's own sleeve like an old LP.  Rio has never sounded richer, the drum tracks jump out of the speakers, and Simon has never been clearer.  This CD contains all the original cuts from the original release.  The US re-release on LP and cassette contained radio edits, b-side mixes and extended remixes.
B000003TA4|5.0|It's difficult to say now whether Nevermind will rank with offerings from the Beatles, Zeppelin, the Who, Dylan, etc.  Ask again in 20 years.  I do know that this is a great album that spearheaded a radical change in popular music at the time.  Compared to a lot of the stuff that's popular today, this album looks pretty great in comparison.  Also in comparison to the glam rock, pseudo-rap and bubblegum pop that was popular when this album came out.  Imagine turning on your radio ten years ago and hearing the opening guitar riffs of &quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit.&quot;  Suddenly Warrant was playing county fairs.  It deserves 5 stars for that alone.
6303965415|5.0|This beautiful movie is mostly faithful to the book but - horribly! - changes the ending (which did not need changing in my opinion!). Anyway, it is a quiet version, with less dialogue and more visuals to show what is going on. The woman who plays her sister Mary is such a brilliant comic actress! She played her character as so annoying I just couldn't stand her! And Amanda Root transforms just as I imagined she would in the book. I much prefer this one to the older BBC version, which has too much dialogue and Anne posing all over the place. Oh - and the actor who plays the pathetic father is BRILLIANT. The soundtrack and the scenery are magical. I just want to get on a plane and go to Lyme this instant!
B00003CY5K|5.0|Legally Blonde is great. I saw the sneak preview last week. Reese Witherspoon is hilarious. The rest of the cast is excellent as well. Great feel-good movie. Elle Woods (Reese's character) is a real hero. Good message but not heavy. I am seeing it again when it opens this weekend. Best comedy I have seen in ten years!!
B00004WG2X|3.0|I am amazed that people enjoy this version. The writers actually changed most of Jane Austen's dialogue (tantamount to rewriting Shakespeare) and not very well I might add. I tried to like this version, I really did. But when the Ehle/Firth version came out (which did not alter Austen's dialogue) I chucked it. I had to give it 3 stars because the acting and scenery are very good. The writing is just terrible! I mean, to take a great work and try to rewrite it is just horrific.
0345440757|4.0|While there is no perfect book on parenting out there, I really believe that this one has been the most helpful of all I have read. to start, there is no sense of guilt or feeling that you are damaging your child if the method doesn't work for you. Tracy mentions in several different places that, especially in regards to sleep, many paretns come to her after trying the other two popular methods and THEY HAVEN'T WORKED. Babies are individuals and &quot;attachment parenting&quot; and &quot;Ferberizing&quot; don't work for everyone. This book offers a nice middle of the road approach. In  regards to those who feel that this book is for folks who really don't have time or desire to parent, I say not true. The book offers the best method I've read so far to care for both your child and yourself. You don't have to suffer to be a good parent. You don't have to neglect your needs to meet the needs of your baby. <br />As far as her breast feeding information goes, you should always check with your pediatrician for acurate information that applies to you and your child. No author knows your specific needs and tossing this book aside because you feel her information on breastfeeding is inaccurate or &quot;dangerous&quot; is silly at best. I read Dr. sears &quot;Breastfeeding Book&quot; after meeting with 3 lactation consutants, several nurses and my doctor. My son was fussy and unhappy. Dr. Sears book gave the message that if you fail at breastfeeding, it's because you didn't believe you could do it or were sabatoged by the meddling no good niks who push formula or pacifiers in your face. No, I failed at breastfeeding because my milk never came in, inspite of every intervention we tried. Had I listend to the book and not my perdiatrician, my son would have starved. I closed Dr. Sears book feeling depressed and like I was failing my son. I closed Tracys book feeling like I had made the best choice for my sons well being. He is thriving now, sleeps almost through the night and is a calm, happy infant.<br />Nothing is perfect, but &quot;Secrets of the Baby Whisperer&quot; is one of the better books I've read. I suspect my son would agree!
B000001E7L|3.0|Cranberries strike again with some decent tracks. Nothing monumental, but worth checking out. This album is not for everyone, please sample. Cheers!
B000001EC1|5.0|Okay, I have to admit that before Crush, I really didn't even listen to Bon Jovi.  Then a friend of mine got me hooked.  I own almost everyone one of their cds.  If you don't have one...get one!  This is the best album because it has all of their greatest songs on one cd.  I can't take it out of my cd player! I listen to it day and night!  Is there any way to break a cd by listening to it too much???
B000000W5N|5.0|Sticky Fingers is a timeless classic and a must have addition to any serious Rolling Stones collection. It's clearly one of their most solid cds along with Let It Bleed, Rewind, and Hot Rocks.
079073463X|5.0|Ladyhawke is an 80s treat.  Broderick plays a thief who is helping a couple in love break a curse: she is a hawk by day and he a wolf by night.  The story is fun and great for the whole family.
B00000K19E|4.0|This is an extra-ordinary movie with a fascinating plot about artificial intelligence machines in the future, so advanced and &quot;intelligent&quot; that they can control and harness human beings' bio-electricity as energy, and create a virtual reality world (called the Matrix) to keep people deceived and contented... except for some, like Morpheus and his crew. The movie has many interesting points to look out for, many of which have been mentioned in some reviews here. There is one more, about the characters and their names - notice that the humans have &quot;non-human&quot; names (like Switch, Apoc, Tank, Dozer, Mouse, Trinity, Cypher), while the non-humans (i.e. the agents, which are actually sentient computer programs) have human names (Smith, Brown and Jones)!! Talk about switching identities. By the way, Neo and Choi (Neo's &quot;customer&quot;) happen to be Chinese surnames (transliterated from certain dialects) and thus ring a bell for viewers who have these surnames, especially if he's called Thomas too!<br />The plot summary has Keanu Reeves as Thomas &quot;Neo&quot; Anderson, a computer programmer and hacker, but don't expect to see him do any programming or hacking work in the movie. But...who cares? The adventures he went through, in and out of the Matrix, with Morpheus, Trinity and the rest are enough to fascinate any sci-fi/action adventure fan. <br />I watched the video with some students (primary school age) during the school holidays and they thoroughly enjoyed it, although many of them have already seen the movie before, even knew what was coming up next,and could remember their lines. The story-line and philosophies in some of the dialogue may not be easily grasped by children, but the action, fabulous stunts and visual effects are definitely a treat not just for adults but for kids too. And who says only women find Keanu gorgeous?  A few of the students I watched the video with, went &quot;Wahh, handsome, man!&quot; when they saw him (on his visit to the Oracle). And mind you, these are just primary school boys.<br />All in all, it is one of the few movies we enjoyed watching more than once, and the story contents, something that you can ponder or debate about.
079073463X|5.0|Ladyhawke is an 80s treat.  Broderick plays a thief who is helping a couple in love break a curse: she is a hawk by day and he a wolf by night.  The story is fun and great for the whole family.
B000002GQK|5.0|Forever remembered by the huge hit, &quot;The Story In Your Eyes&quot;, this Remastered CD contains some of the Moody Blues best songs.  Evenly distributed among the groups songwriters are personal touches usually not heard on other albums.  Most albums they release have an inspired, unique beginning and &quot;Procession&quot; beats them all.  A masterfully woven series of different song styles through the ages will knock your socks off!  Other great cuts include the soulfully melancholy, &quot;You Can Never Go Home&quot; and Mike Pinder's great, &quot;My Song&quot;.  All songs are seemlessly blended by producer Tony Clarke.
B00005J9U1|5.0|Every house should have a copy of this ecellent album.  From the start to the finish this cd oozes taste, completion and originality. My favourite tracks on this album are I Shot The sheriff, Jammin, Turn Your Lights Down Low, Redemption Song and Buffalo Soldier.  If yoou have any previous Bob Marley albums and you want to update your collection then this is the cd for you, as it contains all of his greatest hits that have inspired so many people
B00000272N|5.0|This CD first introduced me to one of the most inventive, pensive, and melodic bands that ever emerged from the Seattle scene. Yes, folks there are some great bands from Seattle-- but by far in my opinion Alice In Chains outshines them. But this is coming from someone who has had an 11 year devotion to them, so yes I'm biased. I love the way the band is in harmony together on this dark CD. But by far, the gem on this CD is Layne Staley's voice. This man is one of the sexiest, darkest and deepest poets of our time. Don't believe me-- check out &quot;Love, Hate Love&quot; a masterpiece of seduction and betrayl. Or check out &quot;Sea of Sorrow.&quot; (Note: the video is especially yummy-- Yes, I do think Layne Staley is gorgeous). This CD is great all the way through, and has more notable hits than the mainstream &quot;Man in the Box.&quot; (A great tune, but there is so much more to this CD than that song). Purchase this CD and you won't be sorry :)
B00003CX5P|1.0|I won't take credit for this statement, but I think the guy who said it hit the nail on the head.  The thing lacking from Phantom Menace was a human moment.  Such as Luke staring off into the setting suns in &quot;Star Wars&quot; while the orchestra played behind him.  This simple ten second moment captured the essence of his character.  The characters in Phantom Menace had no depth, and that is why it was disappointing.<br />I've read a lot of the &quot;5 Star&quot; reviews that say people who don't like this movie are not &quot;True Fans&quot;.  I disagree.  I've loved Star Wars since I was a child.  That means that I want to see the best come from the world that I love, rather than blindly accepting what is fed to them without thinking about it.  I can admit that, Phantom Menace is a bad film, that gets worse each time I watch it. (The effects are nice...so what?  Give me some interesting characters!)
B00003CXRM|4.0|Enjoyed just the sheer fun of it all.  The movie did not get too deep, which was just what I was in the mood for when I saw the theater version.  Bought the DVD, could not get my 14 year old daughter too interested.  No Backstreet Boys in the movie, so what was the point for her??  Great for anyone who enjoys Bluegrass, and the joy of days gone by.
B000005RHR|5.0|RICHARD D. JAMES DID IT RIGHT FOR THE FIRST AND LAST TIME. LATER CDS SUFFER FROM LACK OF FOCUS. THIS ONE IS PERFECT AND WELL WORTH THE CASH. SMOOTH WITHOUT BEING BORING. HE DID THIS BEFORE READING HIS PRESS CLIPPINGS.
B00003CXMG|5.0|I loved the preformances by Kate Hudson and the rest of the cast.  The movie was one of the best I've ever seen.  I also like the extra 30 minutes of footage that is on the dvd.
B000003C2U|5.0|BUY THIS &amp; &quot;INDIVIDUAL THOUGHT PATTERNS&quot;. ALL OTHER &quot;DEATH METAL&quot; PALES IN COMPARISON. DENSE PRODUCTION HIGHLITES GREAT DRUMWORK &amp; BASS. &quot;TOGETHER AS ONE&quot; FANTASTIC SONG. DON'T BE AFRAID TO CHOSE &quot;DEATH&quot;!
B00003CXRP|5.0|I thought this was by far Tom Hanks best performance in a movie!!! The way he played the part he made it look so real!! I HIGHLY recommnd this one.
B00005JGAB|5.0|THIS CD ALONG WITH &quot;LEAVE HOME&quot; &amp; &quot;ROCKET TO RUSSIA&quot; ARE IT! SPITFIRE GUITAR &amp; GREAT SONGS ABOUND. CRITICS AT THE TIME DID NOT HAVE A CLUE. ALL-TIME CLASSIC!
020161622X|5.0|This book is a guide to parts of the software development lifecycle that doesn't refer to any specific programming language.  It focuses on the requirements gathering phase, the design phase, and the testing phase of software development.  The advice is practical and some of the practices they suggest overlap with Extreme Programming (XP) practices, such as coding for the easiest case and building up from there.  The suggestions are practical, the writing is concise, and there are numerous examples.  I especially like the way each section has a list of related sections at the end.  As an example, the section on Tracer Bullets lists Good-Enough Software, Prototypes and Post-It Notes, The Specification Trap and Great Expectations.  This way it is easy to skip around and read what you are interested in.  A minor complaint is that the author refers to another book for more information at one point.  This is useless unless you have the book or feel like spending more money.  Overlooking that, this is precisely the type of book I was looking for to improve my effectiveness as a software engineer.
B000002B7W|5.0|INSTEAD OF HIS &quot;GREATEST HITS&quot; GET THIS LIVE RECORDING JUST FOR RANDY RHOADS GREAT PERFORMANCE. INCLUDES EVERY GREAT SONG EXCEPT &quot;OVER THE MOUNTAIN&quot; WHICH IS NOT ON THE GREATEST HITS CD EITHER!? STILL 5 STARS.
B00003CXN4|2.0|Traffic is easily the least entertaining of the 5 best picture nominees in 2001 oscar and I am so pleased it didn't win the best picture. Why Steven Soderbergh won an oscar for this one instead of Erin Brockovich is beyond me. The story about DEA war against Tijuana drug cartel. The movie itself is boring and way too long (listed at 147 Mins). And for some reasons, the picture is presented in 3 different color setting for each plot line so Michael Douglas, Catherine Zeta Jones, and Benicio Del Torro all have 3 different colors. The DVD itself is OK. Picture is sharp and the Dolby Digital 5.1 is ok as most of this movie is dialogue anyway. If you have heard good things about this movie, it did win 4 oscars, rent this first before you buy as this is not as good as what the critics said.
B00004Z459|1.0|This is another one of those metal/rap albums that just gets by with the minimum, which in this case, is not very good.  These lyrics are like the little book of cliches and nobody does anything really good with their instruments.  And the lead singer sounds like a cat in heat when he screams.  <br />I'd have to say this is another one of those corporate rock bands that has that talent of convincing people that they're a real rock band with lyrics that people can relate to.  Not.  <br />If you want a good metal/rap band check out Faith No More.  They were ten years ago!  They did this before it was trendy!
0783240236|3.0|...it would've been a campy thriller called The Birds.  Although Hitchcock is one of my most beloved directors, I have a difficult time comparing The Birds to his other greats, like Rear Window, Vertigo or North by Northwest.<br />This horror film is lightened by unintentionally funny scenes.  Somehow a crow has managed to trip a child in the birthday party scene and the crow is on her back, pecking at her head as she kicks her legs.  We have the over-protective mother at The Tides Restaurant, telling Melanie Daniels (Tippi Hedron), &quot;You're evil!  Evil!&quot;  Then there's the scene where Mitch (Rod Taylor) introduces Melanie to his mother, played by Jessica Tandy.  The mother does a great job of giving Melanie the icy stare down, although it's a bit over the top.  Aside from all this fun, there is Hitchcock's masterful direction, the wonderful location shots in San Francisco and Bodega Bay, and the well-paced plot to make this a great film.<br />Maybe not a great introduction to Hitchcock, but required viewing for true fans.<br />Be aware of the misleading features on the DVD.  The &quot;deleted scene&quot; has been lost or destroyed, so while there is some information about it, you don't actually get to see it.  The same with the &quot;original ending&quot;.  It was never actually shot, so if you don't happen to know this ahead of time, it can be a bit disappointing to find out when they only tell you about it.<br />The making-of documentary is quite good and approximately an hour long.  Isn't it funny though that Patricia Hitchcock always says the same things about her father's movies?  &quot;I love &lt;&lt;movie title here&gt;&gt; and he always considered it to be one of his best films.&quot;  Finally, Tippi Hedron's screen tests were great to watch--not something I've seen before on a DVD.
6304698542|2.0|.... ONE GREAT AND BEAUTIFUL FILM!!... and, one that has stood the test of time for almost 30 years now, just to have modern technology &quot;BLOW&quot; the sountrack, what a shame.  I feel particularly sorry for those who might have sold their laserdisc version anticipating this DVD. The Widescreen Magazine review of the sound track is kind.
0800177177|4.0|The title is really misleading, as -- sorry folks -- the whole chick flick love story between the Count and Mina is a fabrication, not from the pen of one Abraham Stoker.  There are other distortions from the novel, but this is definitely one of the best productions of the tale. While Bela Lugosi left his mark on the role, Gary Oldman does IMHO an exceptional job with the Count in Stoker's early scenes in Transylvania, with Jonathan Harker.  It is definitely worthwhile to see a large part of the novel brought to life, such as the sequences involving the &quot;children of the night&quot;, the three brides (although they pad this with manufactured material), and even the idea that Mina has a mental link with the Count.  Read the novel before you watch the movie.  Better still, read the novel, watch the 1922 &quot;Nosferatu,&quot; watch the 1931 &quot;Dracula,&quot; and then watch this one, for the whole experience.
0394806220|5.0|Mr. Brown can moo, whisper, buzz, and boom . . . and that's just for starters.  There are about a dozen different sounds to make along with Mr. Brown and all the sounds bear a pretty close resemblance to the originals (bees buzz, cows moo, thunder booms, etc.) with a few creative interpretations.  Okay, so your child may be the only one saying &quot;dibble-dibble-dibble dopp-dopp-dopp&quot; for rain, instead of maybe &quot;pitter-patter.  The pictures are simple - pretty much just Mr. Brown and each animal or item - no extraneous background drawings.  My 2-year old daughter's favorite part of the book is the last page, where they list all the sounds in the book.  Moo moo,  buzz buzz, pop pop, klopp, and so on. She likes to try and repeat them with me really fast.  Try adding some action along with the words, put all the tips of your fingers together to make a bee, rap on the book for a knock, put a finger to your lips for a whisper, etc.  Oh, never mind reading all the reviews.  It's a good book! Just buy it !
B0000024SI|5.0|One of the records essential to understanding the genuis that is Bob Dylan. Not his best album, but one of his most defining. An epoch not just in the career of Dylan, but in rock itself. Highway 61 Revisited was a turning point, a defining moment; the point where Bob Dylan dropped the folk mystique and went straight-ahead into rock. The electric half of Bringing It All Back Home (and, in particular, Subeterranian Homesick Blues) took rock in another direction entirely, and this album is the logical extension of that. Backed by a full rock band, Dylan lifts off the album with one of his most instantly-recognizable songs, the epic Like A Rolling Stone (which, significantly, broke radio's &quot;three minute&quot; barrier.) Many people consider this the first actual &quot;rock&quot; song; and, though that is a bit of an exaggeration, it is definately an extremely important early icon of the rock generation. This song is followed by the pure garage rock of Tombstone Blues. Next up is the excellent slow blues, It Takes A Lot To Laugh, It Takes A Train To Cry. Other highlights of the album include the hilarously surreal Ballad of A Thin Man, the lyrically and musically avant-garde title track, and the closing, thoughtful, apocalyptic epic Desolation Row. It is obvious even from the titles of the songs that Dylan lyrically was here attempting something very avant-garde and impressionistic. Some of the lyrics are unquestionably profound (Rolling Stone, Desolation Row), others seemingly non-sensical (Thin Man), but all brilliant. The music here is rock rooted in blues, and we get more than a few fine blues licks here and there from guitarist Michael Bloomfield, and some fine acoustic playing on Desolation Row. On top of all this, Dylan would rarely play his harmonica this good again. An absolute must-own.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|If you want an exhilarating piece of movie magic, this is the movie to see. Not only does Moulin Rouge combine wonderful music and singing with breathtaking sets and effects, it has two wonderful and capable stars in Nicole Kidman and Ewan McGregor. Both actors show their strength and vulnerability within their characters and give us a real love story. I was completely captivated by the story and its style, frenetic musical numbers combined with tender and passionate love. It's a movie I'll always remember and cherish for its raw power and honesty.
6302814359|3.0|I really liked the first one, and I thought it was better. But, this one is pretty funny, too. The special effects are really good. This is the one to rent, along with the first.<br />If you watch closely, two actors from the first, return in the second.<br />It's better to rent the first. It's much better. And it also shows you how this mess was started.
0671027573|5.0|I buy anythig she writes the minute it hits the stands! And NOTHING gets in my way! Once again Howard hits with a winner. The Heroine is hilarious, her friends are fun, the hero, well he gets a thumbs up. I was a little disapointed with &quot;Come Lie with Me&quot; &amp; &quot;Tears of a Renegade&quot; They were to emotional, sad, they were missing something, with this one I was disapointed when it was over, I missed the characters, Her research evident, Character reactions believable, Howard wrote a winner here. If you plan to read this book, or have read it, try out &quot;Dream Man&quot;, &quot;All the Queens Men&quot;, &quot;Now You See Her&quot; I think you'll be well pleased! Wowser
6304240554|4.0|People usually say that sequels ruin the original look of the first films. But this movie is way better than 'Night of the Living Dead'. This movie scared me when I was about five, and again, when I was ten.<br />This review may not be much, but rent 'Dawn of the Dead' anyway. You won't be displeased. I promise.
B00005A1PR|5.0|INDIA GIVES YOU A CONFIDENCE, SOUL, AND A POWERFUL MESSAGE IN EACH SONG.. FROM WANTING TO BE IN LOVE, TO FINDING STRENGTH COURAGE AND WISDOM WITHIN HER SELF, SHE THEN GOES ON TO TELL ABOUT A GIRL WHO DISCOVERED CONFIDENCE BUT THEN GOT ARROGANT THE WHOLE ALBUM IS A GREAT LISTEN THROUGH. YOU GET ALL KINDS OF DIFFERENT SONGS WITH A MESSAGE OF GROWTH IN EACH. BEYOND A 5 STAR BUT SINCE I CAN ONLY GIVE 5 STARS ON HERE ILL GIVE A 5.5 BECAUSE IT IS A GREAT ALBUM JUST WAITING FOR THE SECOND SINGLE TO DROP
6304143184|2.0|This movie has nice special effects. But, it gets kind of boring during the middle of it. I can honestly say I don't want to ever watch it again. Well...maybe in about five years or so. I don't understand why the movie had to be so emotional, though. That's what really gets me. I never cry to these movies. I guess that's what makes me think this movie is boring. I would recommend this movie to die hard cry fans, whom always cry, during the, &quot;I'm sorry, but I've got to go&quot; scenes.
B000002BQK|2.0|I USED TO BE HER FAN ..BUT ONCE SHE GOT DIVORCED SHE WENT CRAZY. SHE NO LONGER GIVES US TRACKS LIKE HERO WHERE SHE USES HER RANGE NOW HER VOICE REALLY ANNOYS ME AND I WILL CHANGE THE STATION IF SHE COMES ON. WHAT A WASTE OF TALENT. SHE WAS UP THERE WITH WHITNEY BUT THEY BOTH FELL OFF SO LOOK WHAT WE HAVE NO..MARIAH SHOWIN ALL OF HER GOODS, NOT SINGIN WORTH A DAMN, AND WASTING FOLKS MONEY ON AN ALBUM TO HEAR HER SCREAM AND DO WHATEVER SHES DOING IT SURE ISNT SINGING.. DONT GET ANYTHNG BY HER UNTIL SHE GETS REAL!
6304493681|5.0|I loved this film, both the animation and the plot was spectacular. This is totally not like most anime because it was VERY detailed having to do with the story. I personally liked this movie a lot more than Princess Mononoke. Since Ghost in the Shell was so hard to follow. I garentee you, when you see this film, you'll think that you figured out everything that is until they show that dog numerous times which makes it confusing why that dog was there in the first place. In addition to the enemy since he's just a &quot;vioce.&quot; When I saw this film, I was already a big fan of Mamoru Oshi's work. Now although, the original story was by Masamune Shirow but he had nothing to do with the project. Oshi even asked Shirow If he could change the story in his vision. And Shirow said &quot;Do  what you like.&quot; And he did and he created a true masterpiece.
0783226845|4.0|Scent of a Woman is a movie that aims to please all audiences. On the one hand, it satisfies those seeking meaning and heart in a movie, yet on the other, it provides off-kilter humor from a known rough and tough actor, Al Pacino (Godfathers, Devil's Advocate). <br />This film is the tale of a weekend spent between a crass, retired Lt. Col. (Pacino) who because of his individualism and disregard for personal safety was rendered blind late in his life, and a poor and timid prep high school student in O'Donnell, who agrees to \\"babysit\\" the retired war hero over Thanksgiving weekend. What Charlie (O'Donnell) doesn't know is that the colonel has planned a rambunctious trip which is set to end rather abruptly. The movie contains funny scenes with a blind Pacino driving a Ferrari and dancing the tango.<br />A subplot exists, where Charlie is grappling with a moral dilemma at school, where he battles between snitching out a classmate, or keeping his \\"honor.\\" Predictably, Col. Slade gets involved and offers his two cents, which provides for an adequate finish, with a gut-wrenching and heartwarming performance by Pacino securing him his first Best Actor Oscar.<br />Pacino's acting as a blind man, though not perfect, is sufficient given the circumstances in the movie. He offers up kindness and \\"pearls of wisdom\\" by barking out orders. <br />Many who saw this movie, had expected a pure mushy drama, and for those who sought this sort of medium, were most likely disappointed. The movie displays great balance in each individual's character, and successfully strays away from either being too mushy, or too crass.<br />Where the film lacks overall balance is in the performance by O'Donnell. I know director Martin Brest wanted to achieve a sense of Pacino's and O'Donnell's being opposites, but this was taken too far it seems. Charlie (O'Donnell) releases too many \\"duhs\\" and \\"aaahs\\" among other various verbal fumblings to make his character believable. And although he doesn't stand anywhere close to Pacino in the actor's pyramid, this film does not do him justice; because, as his fans know, he does obtain a few nuggets of good acting.<br />Otherwise, the movie is funny, and even at times tear-jerking, long yes, but well worth it. As being one of the \\"pioneering\\" DVDs available to the public (released in such form in August of 1997), this DVD contains essentially no extras... but the film itself is a minor gem.
B00005LLK8|5.0|This movie is absolutly wonderful! I rented it once just because I wanted to see what it was about. I loved it. Every seen was just very realistic. When you watch it, it feels as if all the energy from the movie comes into you. It feels as ifyou were going to bust with energy if you don't get up and dance. I took four years of ballet when I was little, and watching this movie just makes me want to go back to my ballet school and dance, almost. Watch this movie because it might just change you.
B00003CX5P|1.0|I watched the first time in absolute horror.  Then I went back to see it, a second time, and give it a fair shake, sorry.  I couldn't stand it the 2nd time either (digitally projected no less)<br />There is nothing remotely satifying in The Phantom Menace.  Everyone talks about the stupid pod race like it the greatest thing since sliced bread.  It's ok, but let's not get crazy about it.  <br />I tried to watch it a 3rd time but shut it off.  The acting is terrible!! Jake Lloyd is awful, awful, awful.  I see fair attempts with Natalie Portman's character and the Emperor, but the performances are somewhat shallow feeling.
B000003N7K|5.0|The lyrics to torch songs and pop standards generally serve to augment the mood. Even with a great vocalist like Billie Holiday, one listens to and for how she is singing, rather than what she is singing. The same can be said for Johhny Hartman. Generally. But this collection is the exception. It goes without saying that the musicianship, including Hartman's vocal stylings, is impeccable (Coltrane refrains from the frenetic flights of fancy that clutter up some of his other work), but what really sets this collection apart is the lyrics to the songs themselves. By too many it is supposed that lyrics to pop songs didn't get serious until Bob Dylan and that 50s and early 60s jazz was all about martinis and sharp suits. A close listen to LUSH LIFE proves otherwise. Has a stranger, sadder, more beautiful poem ever been put to music?
B00000ILDE|5.0|i was'nt sure at first to spend the momey to buy the special edition or not and it turns out i did the right thing. this is an awesome movie, and now it has 17 min of new footage that shed allot of light into many scenes that had some holes in them before. well, lets review, great new footage, wonderful picture quality, and a great movie. this movie is a non stop roller coaster and is a must for any sci-fi or thriller fan!
B000056K04|3.0|Dave Matthews emerged as a star without the traditional rock sound- acoustic guitar that, by in large, did not play leads.  Instead, sax and violin dominated leads during jams.  The band's high energy, extended jazz-influenced improvisation and long concerts made them reputed one of the best live acts going.  So, why did they abandon this format and produce an adult &quot;lite rock&quot; CD with Dave's guitar having much more of an electric sound?  The band does not need to procuce &quot;hits&quot; like &quot;The space between&quot; to gain popularity, they are already one of the top grossing acts (I think second in 1999 to the Rolling Stones).  The only decent songs in my opinion are &quot;When the world ends&quot;, a kind of lazy summer day lounge jazz tune and &quot;Everyday&quot; which sounds like the old stuff.  I learned a saying from my time in the southern US- &quot;if it ain't broke, don't fix it&quot;  Needless to say, I am disappointed with this latest effort and hope the band returns to their original sound.  I gave it 3 stars only because it is DMB and is still better than much of the music out there, but when I pick up a DMB studio CD, I am reaching for Crash, Remember two things or Under the table...
B00005B4GU|5.0|Last night I had a dream.  I found myself standing on top of a desert mesa surrounded by deep, intertwining canyons.  Suddenly they began to flood with a sparkling blue-grey water at an unearthly speed, and it was unflowing, and instead rising, as if it were coming from underneath.  The sun sank to meet its new horizon, and as they embraced and exploded together, I jumped from the cliff side and into this unexplored world.  I slipped into the water like a leg into a stocking, and sank lower and lower into its coolness.  As this was a dream, I had to need to surface for air, and instead kept on sinking down until I reached the bottom.  The bottom was soft, and my hands sank into their generosity.  While gliding my curious fingers through the muddy silt, I came across something hard and solid.  I pulled it out with much effort from the clay bottom, and ran my fingertips softly over it.  It was a box, like a jewelry box, with no label or lock, just a small design on the lid that displayed the image of something crying.  Eagerly, I lifted the lid, and instantly an aggressive rush of beauty flowed from within.  As a sat drifting on the bottom of my new world, I saw colours which I had never seen before, animals which I didn't know to exist, and daggers that pierced me though they caused no pain.  What I saw was Amnesiac.
0790729628|1.0|The original Matrix was perhaps the finest science fiction movie made to date.  That is what makes the Director's cut so disappointing.  Although the changes were actually few - there is no narrative from Harrison Ford and the ending changes - it changes the whole picture.<br />The director had done a superb job in creating his future world - it was dark, drear, and gave us a real feeling of hopelessness.  But the producers knew what they were doing, obviously, when they insisted on making a few subtle changes before releasing the original movie.<br />The original was dark and pessimistic, but in the end, there was hope - not a storybook ending, but hope.<br />NOrmally you get extra material in the director's cut.  Never have I been so disappointed in a movie as when I ordered the DVD widescreen version and got the Director's Cut and watched it.  I sent it back.  Those few changes turned what I thought was the greatest science fiction movie made into a bad movie.  Sure, the visuals were great - Ford and Hauer were excellent, as well as the rest of the cast, but too much was missing.<br />Pass on this and wait for the original version to be re-released.<br />Steve in Alexandria
B0000009LG|5.0|Bowie's Glam edifice is reclad in philly soul slacks and swaps Londons West End for Broadway.<br />During his two year North American drive-thru, performing Glitter caked heavy metal at night,Bowie was by day absorbing the sounds of Galdys Night, Billy Paul et al. By 1974, he had already signposted his change of direction on his Orwellian 'concept' album, Diamond Dogs. Listen to 'When you rock and Roll with me' and you'll get the picture. Just in case no one took the hint, he embarked on another jaunt around the states with a convoy of trucks containing a 'post apocolyptic cityscape' stage set, from which he sang soulfull renditions of his back catalogue. Listen to the resultant 'David Live' album and and you can hear radically reworked versions of, most notably, 'Moonage daydream', 'All the young Dudes' and a spectacular camp-soul version of 'Rock'n'roll suicide. <br />When his convoy of props ended up in the florida swamps thanks to a road 'incident', he reopened at the Curtis Hixon Hall, somewhere in florida (don't ask me to be geographically precise here - I'm from Scotland)as a stripped down soul revue. The Diamond Dogs tour was over and the 'Philly Dogs tour began.<br />When Young Americans hit the shelves then, nobody should have been surprised. They were however (myself included, all that knowing cynisism is just hindsight. I was ten!) and the 'chamelion of rock' had just managed another total reinvention.<br />The hype around this was magnified in the UK when the BBC broadcast 'Cracked Actor', a documentry that managed to portray a skeletal anorexic coke head as the most intelligent and (still) glamorous entity in the universe - in the eyes of a ten year old anyhow. Still, He backed up the smoke and mirrors with a batch of music that will stand the most vigorous testing for a long time to come. As the album kicks off with the awesome title track, you know that you are in for something special. He manages to paint a picture if cosmopolotan urban streetlife and varnishes if with a veneer of contemporary political bite. There is even some prototype rapping at the end.  'Win' is a late night candlelit dinner in a Manhattan penthouse that is given a dark underbelly by Bowies' deep swimming vocals and decadent phrasing. Where did Ziggy get that voice?? 'Fascination' is a taster for his later multi layer production techniques with Eno. Here, they are used to convey an urgent and sexy groove and a certain Mr Luther Vandross is used superbly on backing vocals. 'Right' continues the theme in a slightly choppier manner and gives way to 'Somebody up there likes me' which, as well as being  astoundingly good, conjured up images of 'The Candidate' and, er, 'Rhoda' (it's MY image and I'm going to use it).<br />Across the Universe should be awfull. I believe that it is generaly accepted as awfull (I may be wrong) but I love it. Compare Lennons' original wispy vocals with Bowies swirling vocal gymnastics and It's plain to see that the whole ethos of the song is being bulldozed. Still, I love it. 'Can you hear me' was the song that I used to play in my teens when trying to be sophiticated with a girl of my fancy. The fact that I didn't score once does not detract from the sheer shaggability factor of this song. Snogtastic. Then there's 'Fame'. One night with Lennon on a James Brown trip and you have the King of dancefloor Strutters. It is so cool it's positively artic. The man was truly godlike in his snide venomous put down of the trappings of his holy grail. The more knowing of us ten year olds could empathise with the man. It really was tough being so creative, enigmatic and famous.<br />The extra tracks on this reissue demonstrate what a hot streak Bowie was on. Somebody else said this and it is true. Bowie was diching tracks that other artists would have built careers on. That they can hold their own in such company should be recommendation enough.<br />This album kicked off the most creative period of Bowies' career. That it didso employing the likes of Dennis Davis, Earl Slick and Carlos Alomar is no coincidence. Check out the credits on the subsequent 'Stationtostation', 'Low', 'Heroes', 'Lodger', and 'Scary mosters' discs.<br />Young Americans is my favourite Bowie album, though not for any inellectual or aesthetic reasons. Scotland had a very rare real summer in 1975 and this music was perfect for bright summer days and hot steamy nights. Even when you were ten. We had even had a drought in '76 but that's another album.<br />This album gets five stars because that's all I'm allowed to award. Go buy it.
B00005B7CK|5.0|Didn't anybody notice the salute to the &quot;Wizard of Oz&quot;? Check out the KKK cross burning scene- Then check out &quot;Oz&quot;- the scene where the 3 characters get to the witches castle.<br />Beautiful, eh?<br />Great film, memorable memorable memorable
068484267X|4.0|Angela's Ashes is a memoir of a heroic child, Frank McCourt who survives a miserable Catholic childhood. As you read the book, the author manages to make you feel the happiness and sadness experienced by that young boy. With reading each page you get to know him better, and your heart will reach out for him. Born in America, Frank spends the first few years of his life there, until his youngest sister, Margaret, dies. Their living status declines and they are forced to go back to his mother's hometown, Limerick, in Ireland.  The book tells of his struggle to survive in a town where he and his brothers are considered outsiders. Not only are they Yanks, coming from America, but also their father is from the despised North Ireland. As if that is not enough, their poverty makes them the laughingstock all over the lane. And worse of all is having an irresponsible father, who is a regular drinker not caring whether or not his children were fed. Matters get from bad to worse and there is nothing they can do but survive the harsh conditions where death hovers above their heads and ailments are nothing but neighbours to him and his family. Some of them win the game but other loses. Frank builds himself a dream of going to America again and pursues it with all of what he got, a thinking mind between his shoulders and the clothes on his body.  The book is told with genuine truth that it will touch your hearts, and you will want to cry with that boy whose childhood was not of that of a normal child. The boy who holds back his tears because he thinks he is a man, and men don't cry, a boy who manages to survive and live despite everything else.
B00002Z88D|2.0|Orchestra sounds great! You see, even primitive and poor Metallica songs sound not bad with orchestra! The only problem is their &quot;cool metal rebel&quot; vocalist-millioner has no idea how he should sing...
6305903182|5.0|This was an excellent movie, much better than Scream 2 but im not sure if it quite tops the first one. I think the movie would have benefitted if Kevin Williamson, the writer of the first 2, had returned. Also, setting the movie in Hollywood was interesting but I think I would have preferred if it returned to Woodsboro as part of tying the trilogy's ending back with its beginning. However, I did love the way they tied the other movies into this one and managed to wrap up the whole story in a tight package, explaining most of the unanswered questions from the other films. And great Jay &amp; Silent Bob cameo!
0679879269|4.0|Interesting reviews everyone gave. It isn't you either love it or hate it: some people are caught in the middle. I read that one reviewer even burned the copy. Okay so you're offended and you don't like it...but what a waste. People like being dramatic and hasty like that. Oh well. Anyway, I can understand how some people can be offended by this (it is saying that God is a liar and isn't the creator), but it's only Philip Pullman's view. You don't have to agree with it. This also means that you don't have to burn the book or throw it across the room or stomp on it or cut it to little pieces or flush it down the toilet. Okay, I've given you people too many ideas. I'll stop. The point is you shouldn't be so affected by a piece of fiction if you don't want to be. Now, some other reviewers said that there were some pointless parts of the book (particularily the Mary Malone and Mulefa parts and the whole assination thing). I somewhat agree. But those scenes were also crucial. Mary discovered stuff about Dust that Lyra and Will couldn't have since they were on their little journey to the Land of the Dead. The Mulefa were strange but interesting. Yes, we could've done without some scenes, but not all. The assination thing I could've definately could've done without because it went nowhere. My view on this is: If it's not going to do something important to the plot, then don't put it in. If Mary was killed or at least there was something bigger done with it, then I would've been satisfied. Some people also didn't like the end of the book or thought the beginning was slow. The beginning was slow but very descriptive and beautiful. People called the end the easy way out or not at all wrapping things up at all. I think Philip Pullman wanted to leave things open. That's a theme of the trilogy. Everything is open to new possibilities and new starts and hope for something better. As for the easy way out thought, I half-agree. It's hard to end a huge series like this, though, andend it well. I wished that Philip Pullman had fully closed up Will's and Mary Malone's problems in their world as I'm sure some people did. But it's Philip Pullman's story and he did it the way he wanted to. Everyone can go destroy the book in any number of ways they want or write the conclusion in their own way, but this is the story. No changing it.
B00005K3LU|5.0|This was an excellent movie, really fun to watch. The plot was better than most action movies these days and it was the beginning of a great trilogy, and also launched Bruce Willis's great career. Alan Rickman is perfect as the German leader of the terrorists that take over the building. Anyway, if you like action movies or just want to kick back with something u wont have to think about too heavily give this movie a try. The DVD also has some great special features.
B00004Y6Q5|5.0|I know I've already rated this but I love this cd. It's the best thing to listen to when u need an extra kick in the stomach. If that's good. I can't recommend it enough. Buy it now. The movie's even better!! PS does anyone know what the song is that plays in the film's thatrical trailer on the DVD?
0805062971|4.0|This was a good book and did offer a few scenes that were funny and didnt make it into the movie, but overall I think the movie was alot better. The two were very very similar as far as plot goes, and even tho the narrative in the book was interesting it just didnt really hold my interest as much as the movie did. They're both excellent tho, and provide a unique point of view on the world that everyone should be opened up to. Read this and watch the movie.
0743420373|3.0|This was an interesting read with sound advice.  Some of the criticism I've seen here is undeserved.  The authors do not say you must live cheaply and have no fun, but to be smart and spend within your means.  I have a friend who owns a modest business which is doing well.  He doesn't care about cars or fine dining, so he drives an old pickup and has barbecues instead of going to restaurants.  He loves fishing however and purchased a nice bass fisher.  I have a good income and I like cars, so I bought a six year old BMW.  It satisfied my desire for a fine machine and is within my means.  Perhaps the authors could have emphasized that that you can still live well, but smartly.
6304711875|5.0|This movie is an excellent teen horror movie, its also pretty funny and alot of fun to watch. Probably the best movie of the trilogy and one of my favorite movies ever. I've seen it many times and it never gets boring. Anyway, good acting and a great story with a surprising ending. The action never lets up, I highly recommend it.
0800128052|5.0|This remarkable video tells the story of the power of the individual spirit...how with effort, desire, and determination ANYTHING is possible. Without a doubt, Rudy inspires like no other.
B00004Z4WQ|5.0|This was one of the funniest movies I've ever seen, laughed my ass off in the theatre just like everyone else. It was really nasty, probably more so than most of the other movies I've seen, which I don't really mind except there was too much male nudity. If they have to put that stuff in the movie they could at least put a little from the other side to balance it out. Anyway, this is a hilarious spoof on Scream and other horror movies and is really fun to watch so buy or rent it today, and see Scary Movie 2 its also hilarious!
B000001Y5J|5.0|Broken is the album that Trent really let most of his anger, lust, frustration, and again anger out.  This album is the heaviest release by NIN and is agruably Trent's best work.  It's not the most polished piece of music.  But contains everything you could want.  <br />If you are new to NIN you might want to check this out first, it's pretty cheap being an EP but also holds a decent amount of music.  Favorite tracks are Wish, Happiness In Slavery.
B000006TRV|5.0|1,000,000 words could not describe this.  its to immense.  i'm gonna keep it short here, because nothing that i could possibly say could do justice to this incredible piece of literature.  thats right, i said literature.  &quot;The Wall&quot; tells a story, about a man who's fist name is Pink, and well, his last name is Floyd.  &quot;The Wall&quot; follows Pink's life, from his abandoned, abused childhood, through his days in a machine like school system bent on turning children into faceless clones and stifling individuality.  it follows Pink through a failed marriage, a wild career as a rock musician, a burned-out, drug induced mental collapse in a hotel room, and his maddening retreat into his inner psyche to escape his crumbling reality, to live in a mentally projected world in which he has control.  there are scores of overlaying and interacting themes, about society, individuals, relationships, motherhood, war, mental illness etc... etc... etc... the whole story interacts beautifully and the music is just stunning.  David Gilmore is at the top of his game here, his guitar is precise, beautiful, and haunting.  Roger Water's writing is supurb, flawless.  the whole story explores society's problems through the unfortunate life of one of its victem's, bringing large issue's to a very frightening and personal level.  this is not just a piece of music, its a true work of art, and the fact that Pink Floyd made the story and the music work together so nicely is a true credit to them.  this is great.  there is a full length film that goes along with this album, set completely to the music of the album with minimal dialogue, fittingly titled &quot;The Wall&quot;.  if 1,000,000 words can't describe the album, then 2,000,000 words couldnt describe the movie.  hear it, see it!
B00005B36H|5.0|Once again Tool has raised the bar of excellence.  Lateralus is the best 80 minutes of music you can find.  But you must be patient, this isn't music you &quot;bump&quot; in your car, this is music to be taken extremly serious and listen to with all of your thoughts focused on it.  Your going to have to be patient, Lateralus is very progressive and takes time to built to a climax.  It isn't 3 power chord catchy songs with typical lyrics of psudeo rage, anger, and depression.  Everything contained in this album must be delt with with an open mind and a couple complete listens through.<br />Each Tool album has progressed more and more.  From Opiate to Undertow and now from AEnima to Lateralus each album has gotten better and better. Lateralus is full blown proggressive metal while AEnima just expiremented with it and it creates and much more trance inducing state to the listener.  From the opening moment of The Grudge I knew this was going to be Tool best album and so far it's lived up to that in spades.  <br />Here's a track by track progression, but remember this album is ment to be listened to from start to finish without ANY fast forwarding.<br />The Grudge- Simply amazing, Maynard shows off his godly vocal and song writing talents.  But it's just a taste of whats to come in the album<br />Eon Blue Apocalypse + The Patient- Unlike the filler from AEnima the short tracks of Lateralus flow beautifully into their successors.  <br />Mantra + Schism- Mantra is simply SCARY, I know it's whales that are making that sound but it resembles something very ghostly and again flows very well into the awesome bass lines of Schism.<br />Parabol + Parabola- First you have the ultra laid back Parabol then it explodes into the energetic Parabola and creates one of the most memorable moments in music.<br />Ticks and Leeches- The angriest song on the album and the only one with any obsenities in it.  The drumming is awe inspiring.  &quot;I hope that you choke!&quot; yes it's great TooL is back.<br />Disposition + Reflextion + Triad- The best waste of 20 minutes ever.  Just trance inducing.<br />and then you have the freaking ending.  Which makes for a much better ending than Disgustipated did at least.<br />All in all this Lateralus will go down as one of the best albums of all time.  I am already itching with anticipation for TooLs next album.  The sad thing is I think this is perfection and it can only get worse.
B000009QPK|5.0|Slayer is the best speed metal band ever. This cd proves it. Smokes Metallica and any other band!!
B000059H98|2.0|&quot;Tank Girl&quot; desperately wants to be a funny, trendy, super-hip post-apocalyptic comedy -- it's how &quot;Mad Max&quot; might have turned out had it been written by MTV VJs. Unfortunately, the script isn't one-tenth as witty or clever as it pretends to be, and the actors clearly know it. Underneath the bucketloads of in-your-face attitude and exploding energy that the actors infuse their performances with, there's a strong sense that they're really moving at such a frenzied pace because they can't wait to get this disastrous mess over and done with. Still, many people (well, a few people, anyway - at least as many as it took to post the positive reviews you'll read here) truly enjoyed this movie for some reason, and it's theoretically possible that you'll like it, too. Just keep in mind that Pauly Shore would have been perfectly at home playing a role in this film, whereas Paul &quot;Pee-Wee Herman&quot; Reubens would likely have turned it down for not being up to his usual standards.
B00004U30D|1.0|It is simply astonishing that so many people think &quot;American Beauty&quot; is a masterpiece.  Why? Because every thing about the film is false, contrived, improbable, or ridiculous.  One is tempted to leave one's critique at that and move on, but given the enormous number of people who have evidently been sent into raptures by this film, a dissenter is perhaps obligated to justify his position with illustrative examples of the film's many shortcomings.  Here are a few that come immediately to mind: <br />(1) Ricky's sadistic, homophobic father is - of course - an officer in the Marine Corps, is - of course - really homosexual himself, and is  - of course - a crypto-Nazi. Good God! One can only imagine the agonies that Messrs. Ball and Mendes endured while conceiving that character; but I would guess that it took them many seconds -  perhaps even a full minute -  to dream up &quot;Colonel Fitts, United States Marine Corps.&quot;   This grotesque concoction of cliches reveals more than a simple failure of imagination; it also reveals that the filmmakers know very little about the kind of people they're trying to make a movie about.  And it shows.  None of the characters are remotely believable as human beings, or even as representative &quot;types&quot;; rather, every character in the film is an implausible mixture of the gruesome qualities the filmmakers mistakenly believe that kind of  person should -  indeed, must -  possess, and verisimilitude can go hang.  The result is a movie filled with characters so misconceived they aren't even caricatures; they're simply wrong.<br />(2)  Lester's solution to his predictable mid-life crisis is to extort additional severance pay from his employer by using the threat of a bogus same-sex harassment claim (as an aside to any viewer who might be inspired to try something similar - don't), begin buying dope from the kid next door, go to work in a fast-food burger joint, buy a replica of  the muscle car he wanted to drive whenhe was in high school, spend his ample free time working out in his garage, and become sexually obsessed with his daughter's 17 year-old friend. Apparently, many people think all this nonsense is daring and innovative; Well, I hate to be the one to break the news, but it isn't.  It is simply one unlikely plot contrivance piled on another in a failed attempt to breathe some life into a theme that has been absolutely done to death: a middle-age man's existential crisis provoked by his realization that he has squandered his youth in a meaningless job and a loveless marriage.  This film's approach to this overworked theme, to have the angst-ridden forty-something hero actually try to turn back the clock and start over in his carefree, horny and stoned adolescence, is every bit as ridiculous as Kevin Spacey looks in his burger stand get-up.<br />(3)  To compensate for the lack of a coherent plot Messrs. Ball and Mendes resort to every tired device in the book to get from one scene to the next, including the ghastly music-video gimmick of hand-held video shots, liberal use of &quot;artistic&quot; dream sequences, and -  God help us  - &quot;The Uncurtained Window.&quot;  This last device is particularly revealing, because, as a general rule, one knows that the makers of a film have run out of ideas when they try to move things along by having one character peer through a  wide-open window and fortuitously observe other characters engaged in activity crucial to the story (Hitchcock and a few other geniuses notwithstanding).  And the climatic bit in which Ricky's father (the sadistic, Nazi-loving, gay-bashing gay Marine, remember?) observes Ricky and Lester apparently having it off is so ridiculous one can't even bother to condemn it.<br />(4) Perhaps recognizing what a mess they had on their hands, the filmmakers attempt to salvage matters by tossing in a lump of half-hearted mysticism, the message of which is that the beauty of life is all around us (hence the title of the film - get it?), but the hopeless idiots who are condemned to live in suburbia don't notice this because they are too caught up in their petty concerns.  I suppose that kind of sanctimonious, greeting card sentiment (&quot;you'd better stop and smell the roses, Buster!&quot;, or, more accurately, &quot;you'd better stop and watch the plastic bag blow in the breeze, Sport!&quot;) is considered profound stuff in &quot;The Industry&quot;, but by any real-world standard it's condescending, simple-minded drivel.<br />One could go on, but why bother?  &quot;American Beauty&quot; is a perfect example of the Hollywood hype machine successfully manipulating the public into acclaiming its product.  The formula is simple and well-established: if a film is said to be &quot;profound&quot; and &quot;beautiful&quot; and &quot;important&quot; often enough and loud enough, then the movie-going herd, er, public, will conclude that, yes, the film is profound, and beautiful, and important.  However, in this particular case the emperor is quite, quite naked.   Did I write that it's astonishing that so many people think this film is a masterpiece?  I need to correct that: It's frightening.
B00003CXRM|3.0|I have to admit, I love movies by the Coen Brothers.  They're responsible for great movies like &quot;Fargo&quot;, &quot;Raising Arizona&quot;, and &quot;Big Lebowski&quot;.  I just watched this movie a couple of days ago, and well...  It was interesting.<br />Don't get me wrong, I thought this was a pretty clever comedy for the most part.  Clooney and two other prisoners have escaped and are looking for buried treasure.  Along the way, they run into some very interesting characters and unpredictable situations at every corner.  This movie is based on &quot;Oddesy&quot; by Homer, except it all takes place in a different time.  A good example is John Goodman who plays a one-eyed Bible salesman, who of course resembles the Cyclops.  (Even though he was only in the movie for a small portion, I thought he had one of the best parts.)  George Clooney also does a superb job, and in fact, we even get to hear him sing.<br />This was a clever comedy, but I felt that some parts were a little slow and hard to understand.  Some parts were more confusing than funny.  It's just not your typical Coen film, and maybe I expected a little more.<br />Maybe this is one of those movies you have to see a second time to fully appreciate it for what it stands for.  There is some outstanding acting and twists along the way, and there are plenty of laughs for everyone to enjoy.  You may want to get familar with some of the &quot;Oddesy&quot; before you see this movie.  My advice, rent it first before buying it.  It's an odd comedy that isn't for everyone.  There's more intelligent humor than toilet humor in this movie.<br />All in all, I thought &quot;O Brother, Where Art Thou?&quot; was a good movie, but I still think that &quot;The Big Lebowski&quot; is by far the best Coen movie out there.
0060278234|4.0|I really enjoyed this book and would recommend it to any fantasy fan, but I was a little dissapointed by a few things about it.<br />First of all, it is less a sequel to Sabriel and more simply a companion novel, related only because it is set in the same place.  Sabriel really did not leave any story threads open on which to build a sequel.  This leads me to believe that it was only the success of Sabriel that led to the writing of Lirael, which is somewhat disappointing in some way to me (though this is really just unfounded speculation, so don't take it personally if you don't agree).<br />Second, I hated one of the main characters pretty much all through the novel.  I actually found myself skimming over parts of the story dealing with him.  He was a whiny, wimpy, annoying hero, and I am extremely glad that he was not the main hero of the story.  Even though I understand the benefits to the story as a whole of having him written the way he is, such as the contrast it creates against the title character, I was irritated by his large presence in the story.<br />The reason I liked this book so much, and the real reason I think many people like fantasy in general, is because of the setting.  Well-written fantasy creates a new world into which readers can journey, marvelling at its complexities and (come on, admit it) wishing it was our own.  Lirael is a novel that does not disappoint in this regard.  In Sabriel, I found the Old Kingdom and the Charter fascinating, and Lirael continues to develop its details, creating new mysteries.  I eagerly await the publishing of Abhorsen not for the characters' story, but for the setting's story.  I am most impressed with Garth Nix for having created a place as intriguing as the Old Kingdom.<br />Overall, I highly recommend this book, but I caution that if you expect a continuation of Sabriel and Touchstone's story you will be disappointed.
0790730960|4.0|Yes Batman Returns, like the first one is truly amazing! Tim Burton brought a more scarier back round in this one which makes it more funner. Pheifer is Catwoman, just like Nicholson, she was truly amazing. Catwoman and Joker are the two best villians in all of the Batman series. Danny Devito is Penguin and what better guy to pick. Overall excellent movie reason why this did not get a perfect rating just like the first one was simply because if you notice when Batman takes off the mask you can see just before that he has no makeup on his eyelids, but sure enough before that scence he did have the black make-up on. Okay, Okay that's not a good enough reason I did not give this a perfect because nothing is as good as the original.
B00004X01U|3.0|Madonna has shifted from straight pop with outside seasoning to making what amounts to high gloss, pseudo avant-garde, mostly derivative Euro dance muisc. Ray of Light, her best album was a great mix of Euro pop and her traditional melodicism and romantic lyricism.<br />Music, in comparison feels like a redundant self-parody. The title track is jarring at first, but the production and beats are arresting after a few listens. &quot;Don't Tell Me&quot; is taut and &quot;What It Feels Like For A Girl&quot;, which drags a bit, is at least trying to say something interesting. <br />This album is dragged down by the overproduction of vocal effects and computer generated blips and bleeps that serve as little more than window dressing. Several songs shamelessly recycle the hooks of other hits like &quot;Beautiful Stranger&quot;. Her voice is muted by vocoders and the lyrics are all over the place.<br />Madonna is best when she sticks with melodic, lyrically inviting material. Depsite her &quot;exotic&quot; persona she is a very traditional singer. This album betrays her best instincts because she tries too hard to be interesting and winds up doing the opposite.
B000002KGT|5.0|I own this in vinyl, cassette and CD.  I've loved it since 7th grade, and continue to do so.  I may be getting old, but this music certainly isn't.
B00003CXN4|4.0|I must say that the last year was very disappointing. First, I saw Gladiator, and did not enjoy it. It was overhyped and a sub-par movie that didn't deserve what it got at the Academy Awards. Then I saw Cast Away, and realized why that didn't do well at the awards, just because it too was a mediocre film. I watched Traffic earlier today, and I saw how some people may not like it. It's slow, hard to follow if you're not paying attention--mainly because of the many characters, the long scenes totally in Spanish, and how it jumps around--and a very odd style of filming, unlike what we've seen before. But if you really pay attention, this movie is almost a masterpiece. Steve Soderbergh, though not widely known, is a fantastic director. Not even Spielberg--my favorite director--could make two movies in one year that were so good. (This and Erin Brocovich.) I loved how the entire movie was filmed with hand-held cameras, and how scenes would cut from shot to shot...I truly think that if this was filmed in the same fashion as other movies are filmed, it would not be nearly as good. The acting was good, but nothing amazing. (Even Benicio Del Toro, who received the Best Supporting Actor award even though 95% of his role had him speaking Spanish.) This movie deserved all the awards is received, but was cheated out of one...best picture. Gladiator shouldn't have won, plain and simple. Excellent plot--disturbing, but it's true--good acting and amazing photography makes this one great movie. (A lot of movies are rated R for a reason, and this is one of them...very strong language, realistic violence, and plenty of drug use...but it's a movie about drugs, so what do you expect?) <br />Rent Traffic...there will be some who won't realize how great a movie this really is, so I suggest you pick up a copy at Blockbuster or wherever you go to rent videos before purchasing.
B00005JXY3|1.0|The first Karate Kid movie was, let's face it, completely unbelievable.   But still it was an enjoyable fairy tale for kids as well as adults and the relationship between Pat Morita and Ralph Macchio went along way toward bringing charm to the story.  This movie, however, takes the apprenticeship to ludicrous extremes, continuing to emphasize its already dubious premise that a martial art is something that can be quickly and easily mastered.   Somehow &quot;the kid&quot; and Miyagi end up in Japan, getting involved in local hi-jinks, and even more unbelievable tournament than in the first film, and some old rival of Miyagi's who practically stalks him like a serial killer.  To this day, I can still hear him uttering that infamous threatening line: &quot;Three Days, Miyagi, THREE DAYS!!!&quot;   Where's Jerry Zucker and the Airplane crew when you need them?
0671578855|5.0|The good news is that this is probably the best yet of the Vorkosigan books, with the possible exception of the novella &quot;Borders of Infinity&quot;.  It eschews spiffy technology and saving-the-world for a very well-done romance novel and comedy of manners.  I can easily believe that the book is a deliberate homage to Dorothy Sayers' Wimsey-and-Harriet books.<br />The bad news is that you really can't follow the characters at all unless you have read several of the earlier books in the series, not all of which are up to the same standard.  Still, the rewards of the later books are very much worth the trouble of slogging through some of the earlier ones -- and not all of the earlier ones are bad, either.
B00003CWL6|5.0|This Movie (American Beauty), deserved every award it received, and maybe even more.  It tells the story of a &quot;typical&quot; suburban family, but shows the whole dark side of their life.  Lester Burnham, played perfectly by Kevin Spacey, is a father and husband, and throughout the movie makes so many mistakes, which make us laugh, but in the end, it's all so emotional and you won't beleive what happens when it does.  All I can say is... if you want to a true masterpiece, which only comes out every few years or so, American Beauty is a must-see on DVD, because the fatures are fantastic, also.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|Knew that'd get your attention. No, no nude women to be found in Baz Luhrmann's ripfire-paced homage to love, joy, tragedy, and a long-dead genre of film, which ironically enough was among the biggest when the art was fledgling.Images appear and disappear in such a gatling gun sequence through McGregor's English writer's mind, propelling their audience into a wholly immersing and utterly beautiful world it's a shame to ever have to leave. WHile bashed by ...critics for its irreverent use of music created decades after the film's time, I found it only contributed to the already inecscapable dreamworld of blazing colors and vibrant movements and strangely lovable confusion. As a lifelong Nirvana fanatic I couldn't help but chuckle at the techno-butchery of Gen-X anthem \\"Smells Like Teen Spirit\\". Nicole looks as delicious as ever, now with a new sensual nectar about her with the knowledge of her current availability. Masterful filmmaking and nothing less. The true best picture of 2001.
B00004RGUU|5.0|Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid is a brilliant western with laughs, thrills, laughs, and laughs.  It begins by following Butch, Sundance and the rest of the Hole in the Wall gang as they rob a few steam trains.  The dialogue and pace are remarkable, making you feel like the characters, the actors, the director, even the caterers were having the most enjoyable time ever filming this move.  Which results in pure enjoyment for the viewer as well.  After a few high jinks, though, the movie really kicks in as Butch and Sundance begin to be chases by a \\"super posse\\".  A band of lawmen put together by the owner of the train they keep robbing with the sole purpose of capturing and killing our two anti-heroes.  The result is pure fun as Butch and Sundance do everything they can to shake this posse, all the while snapping at each other as only the best of friends can do.<br />This movie is important for other reasons then pure enjoyment, however.  It is a look at two men, out of place in a changing world.  We see evidence of the new American dawn that is coming as things like bicycles and bifocals and well-guarded banks begin to pop up in the Butch and Sundance's path.  These are two outlaws from the old west who are slowly noticing that the old west doesn't seem to exist anymore.  As they go to greater and greater lengths to ditch the posse on their tail, including leaving America for Bolivia, right up until the unforgettable ending scene, we come to know these two heroes as strong men who find themselves without a true place in the world they are living in.
B00000420F|5.0|As a beginner in classical voice, I did not at first like Bartoli's style.  But, like other great music, it grows on you with repetition... and I now love it.  Especially since the songs are ones I must sing as I earn my degree, and especially since the duet of voice and piano (my second favorite instrument--or my first?) is so beautiful.<br />As far as Italian arias go, this is excellent.
0790733900|5.0|Paul Newman sparkles as the blue-eyed loner Luke.  Luke finds himself stuck in a southern chain gang after committing a fairly ludicrous crime.  He is amiable enough at the beginning, not looking for much out of people, just drifting along, but his charm and his take-on-the-world attitude win him over with the other cons.  Soon he's making up challenges for himself, like the unforgettable 50 eggs in an hour scene, presumably out of boredom.  But the viewer doubts that Luke is pulling these stunts because he's bored, it is more likely that he's trying to make his friends feel less like numbers and more like people, despite the chains and hard labor.  Then things take a turn for the worse as the prison boss takes a dislike to our hero Luke, and suddenly Luke's antics aren't just for sport anymore, they're for his life.  With a great performance by a diverse cast and quotable scene after remarkable scene after much imitated scene, Cool Hank Luke is a gem of a movie.
B00003CY5K|3.0|...is what Reese Witherspoon is capable of doing. Forget the far-fetched premise here: the story of an airheaded Valley Girl type gaining admission to Harvard in order to pursue a career in law with the initial reason being to win her boyfriend back is laughable. But the charm, charisma, and genuine honesty and believability that Reese Witherspoon conveys here and, for that matter, everything else I've seen her in makes this movie worth checking out.  I loved her in Freeway, Pleasantville, Cruel Intentions, and Election. She can be funny, serious, genuine, and warm, which is alot more than I can say for her counterparts who attempt and fail at the same style, namely Kirsten Dunst, and Melissa Joan Hart. If you like Reese Witherspoon, don't miss this. Otherwise, you may find the premise foolish.
0793518326|5.0|I agonized before buying this book of scores, especially given the strong criticism of some the other reviewers and the rather steep price. I took the plunge and don't regret it at all.<br />The arrangements are virtually perfect and accurate. Yes, there are a few errors, but they're rare and obvious (and it's not like you're obligated to play the incorrect notes!). For a guitarist, having the music, tabs, and chords allows you to invest as much or little effort as you want in learning different parts of each song - the transcriptions compliment each other.<br />Criticisms -- most notably the format is WAY too small given the detailed information. Even though I have perfect vision, I find that a magnifying glass comes in very handy. <br />There is a lot of annoying little stuff which wouldn't have cost the publisher any extra to avoid. There are no running titles (the title is listed only on the first page of the song), so you can't easily thumb thru the book to find a particular song. And even though the songs are arranged in proper alphabetical order, the table of contents lists all titles starting with &quot;The&quot; under &quot;T&quot;. Which is really weird.<br />All in all, a wonderful investment. Get it as a gift.
B00000IONU|5.0|This band could save Rock &amp; Roll from the ugly state it has it's self in. All of their albums are a godsend; if they come to your town, see them NOW, before they start to fill ampetheatres.
B00005AAFS|4.0|This album is a bit too short, and doesn't compare with Gary Numan or anything down that line, but Mutter has no bad songs. I love this music. In track 3 you can almost feel the lead singer's emotions as he cries in the chorus. If I knew German though, I'm very sure part of the music of listening to Rammstein would be killed.
0671027344|5.0|I bought this book for my 13 year old daughter but wanted to read it first to see if it is appropriate  It is a wonderfully written book in which Charlie, a deeply sensitive boy, finds true friends and learns to live, to love, to lose, and move on.  The author gives this boy a voice and it's magnificent.  I so appreciate Charlie's depth of emotions.  I have a sensitive, emotional son and will want him to read this book in a couple years.  Suicide, homosexuality, infatuation, deep deep friendships, finding yourself and re-finding yourself are all themes in this book.  The author captures &quot;moments&quot; of adolescence -- those incredible high moments that might last just minutes --  and makes them so real. If only more kids could put a voice to these feelings.  One reviewer doesn't think this book captures adolescence in the 90's -- I don't know because I'm a Mom . . .  but I don't care. Charlie deals with drugs, smoking, drinking, messing up friendships, feeling alone, and uncovers family problems he has to deal with. And he deals with it as a young man who can stand back, look at it all, and make decisions about what he has experienced.  I want my daughter to read it, maybe now or maybe in a couple years, for the hope it left me with.  Charlie survived being hopelessly in love with one of his best friends.  It hurt and he felt it and it didn't defeat him.  With everything thrown at kids in jr. high and high school this book might just help them survive it a little more intact.  I think I'm going to go talk to my kids right now . . . .
B000002IZ4|4.0|STPs most consistent effort. While later albums like \\"Tiny Music\\" and \\"No. 4\\" yielded some of STP's best (as well as most stylistically daring) songs, \\"Purple\\" will probably remain their best start-to-finish hard rock effort.<br />And that's one of two things they do better than anyone else. It's strange that other band's can't generate simple but powerful tunes like \\"Unglued\\" or \\"Vasoline,\\" songs that groove and explode using no more than a few chords and a few lines of lyrics. STP seems to hold the current patent on tuneful, quality hard rock. Or is it pop rock? Or alternative?<br />The other, and more surprising, thing they do better than anyone else these days is craft a good song. Every album has at least one melody that McCartney would like (even if it's enmeshed in full-throttle power chording). \\"Unglued\\" and \\"Vasoline\\" have the hooks to sing (actually scream) along to, and \\"Pretty Penny,\\" \\"Interstate Love Song,\\" and \\"Big Empty\\" each put forth good sing-alongs in interesting atmospherics.<br />And then you get the bonus of groovy/trippy rockfests like \\"Army Ants,\\" which sounds like the kind of song Smashing Pumpkins wish they could write (you also get Weiland's voice, which Billy Corgan, if he's wise, would himself wish for).
0920236251|5.0|Not only is the message of the story great, but the small pocket size is cute.  These will make wonderful party favors for my daughters princess party.
B000000993|5.0|Another one of Tool's masterpieces!!!! (Though i think Aenima is the ultimate album). The songs on this album make up many of Tool's classic song list. There are many unforgettable and haunting songs on this album, Prison Sex and  Sober, being the most well known. But songs like 4*, Flood, Swamp Song, Undertow, and others get overlooked as far as being Tool classics. This CD like all Tool albums takes the listener on a journey. Maynard's lyrics on Undertow are thought provoking and some of the best song writing I have ever seen. The album's songs seem to be shorter in length though compared to Aenima and Lateralus, which is why many people like this Tool album the best. This album, like Opiate displays Tool's heavier side, also, which is another reason headbangers like this Tool disc a little better. I love the album from the opening song, Intolerance to the haunting Prison Sex and Sober to Bottom, Crawl Away, Swamp Song, Undertow, 4*, Flood, and all the way to Disgustipated (the cries of the carrots).....All of these songs are works of art that are amazingly put together into one single masterpiece. For the harder rock fan this Tool disc will be your favorite. In Aenima Tool matures into a better band even, and then mature even more in Lateralus. This CD starts off the Tool's maturing process that is still going on, and it shows that even Tool in their early stage can make songs that will be remembered forever by any rock or Tool fan. Get this album.
0684867621|2.0|If you've ever thought that Stephen King shouldn't publish everything he writes, this book will reinforce your belief. It is really quite surprising how King, in this book, will initiate a subplot and then simply abandon it, like he did with the considerably rocky relationship between the main character (Trisha) and her family. Granted, there is little opportunity for them to make appearances, but if the family dynamic is not to play a relevant part in the character's journey, why bring it up at all?  The only salvation this book could have found would have been in the eeriness of the setting and the supposed monster hunting Trisha in the woods.  At no point are we even tempted to believe that there is another presence out there with her, hunting her for no other reason than she is lost. The writing is simply not engaging enough.  In short, this was probably the dullest 225 pages I have ever read. If you're like me, and you hate to have your valuable reading time wasted, steer clear of The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon and spend your six dollars on Richard Laymon's Bram Stoker Award-winning novel, The Traveling Vampire Show. The characters and the plot are much more interesting.
B000002J1Y|5.0|Yessongs as a live album was a highly seductive object in the mid-70s.  Singer Anderson and guitarist Howe, with bassist Squire and keyboardist Wakeman had invented a rock music that unfolded like ballet, something that was episodic, many-colored but also loud, and anywhere between 7 and 25 minutes long. Combined with the triple gatefold sleeve and its tableau of impossible geology in surrealist watercolors, it had a magical impact as a total sensory package.  Anderson's hi-register vocal tone sounds reserved, focused, innocent and yet faraway; a critical quality that made this far out but disciplined music take on the more serious mood one experiences at a symphony hall.  Crucial to Yes' mojo was Steve Howe's variety of guitars, from mandolin, sitar-guitar, pedal steel, traditional acoustic, to several different electric Gibsons: all offered distinct timbres and shades lent specifically to each `drama' the group was enacting.  But on top of this was his idiosyncratic but brilliantly pure playing, sometimes involving  three different axes inside the same song!  Rick Wakeman also traveled with a large battery of instruments, constantly calling on different sounds for different pieces.  Chris Squire, had a more limited palette, playing the same trebly Rickenbacker bass for the entire performance but making up for it in shear texture and attack.  But perhaps the most remarkable player is newly recruited drummer Alan White, who takes all the brittle and mechanical sounding earlier studio versions and makes them flow with funk and life.   With this digitally remastered CD you get improved dynamics over the original analog LP and clearer hall echo from the Rainbow Theatre in London. You also get a few brief moments of aging tape noise.  As a live recording, it has a very satisfying signature: you feel like you are in the second row but you can hear the size of this voluminous music blowing beyond you into an unrestricted black backdrop.   Without this important aura of space surrounding the imaginary (russian-inspired?) theatre of Yes' wildly virtuosic presentation, Yessongs is not quite the special document it has come to be recognized.  Songs like \\"And You And I\\" and \\"Starship Trooper\\" are delivered with a shattering ecstatic quality that is hard to locate anywhere else in the history of live electric music. On the tour following the release of Close To The Edge, the Yes seemed a force of nature, like no other time in their career, and thankfully some persons with microphones listened in on the right nights.  Love `em or hate `em nobody had this combination of pithy goodwill and vast unbridled baroque nerve in 1973.
B00004T8H9|5.0|....You'll get this album. Moloko are so good at making you think without thinking. Smooth acoustic drums fused with hard electronic beats(and sometimes not so hard)give this album a mixed sound, there are definate jazz elements and you can't deny the sweet trip-hop feel. At times it can seem like a dark album, but then you remeber the tounge-in-cheek attitude that this band takes. I love Roisin Murphy's voice, she has a way of sounding sexy but cold, stong but vulnerable, and the lyrics are nothing short of brilliant(I think, anyway). Mark Brydon is a top producer and every sound or noise is in it's right place(and at the amplitude). You can't go wrong with this album, If you like musik then you will love this album and cherish the journy it takes you on.
0060392886|4.0|This was my guilty but proud read between book club books.  Once I picked it up, I found myself staying up late at night just to get through another chapter.  The best thing about The Dirt is that the personalities of each of the band members are given life.  I spent my teen years listening to the Crue, but never really knew that Tommy was the baby and Mick was the outsider.  Reading about their partying and misadventures confirmed that while I love getting the behind-the-scenes, crazy-rock-star stories, I know they sound more enviable in the pages than they were in real life.  Hey, if I can't be a rock star, I might as well read about them.
6303802486|3.0|This SP VHS tape was actually transferred from two 30-minute NASA Apollo mission film reports originally released not long after the Apollo 13 mission in 1970 and the Apollo-Soyuz mission in 1975.  Since the original film was 16 mm the definition is not up to present day standards but the color is fairly good.<br />I saw the original Apollo 13 report (Houston, We've Got a Problem) back during my tenure at the Goldstone Manned Space Flight Network tracking station during the Apollo missions.  This is a good addition to my collection of Apollo videos.  However the 1994 WGBH PBS video \\"Apollo 13, To the Edge and Back,\\" also available is more comprehensive and better technically.<br />Bill Wood, Retired Apollo Systems Engineer
1860468004|3.0|This book never seems to reach its potential.  On the one hand, there's an engaging plot, a likable protagonist that you wouldn't mind being friends with, an entertaining and egotistical friend (Nagasawa) that you can't get enough of and familiar feelings of growing up, longing and sadness that we can all relate to.  But, on the other hand, there is oversimplified, almost dumbed-down, language (&quot;I think you're very cute.&quot;) and characters like Reiko and Naoko that you just want to shake and say: &quot;Get a grip.&quot;  I get the impression that something is lost in the translation - that the words are much more beautiful in Japanese.  <br />All of the scenes at the asylum are borderline bizarre.  Wouldn't Watanabe, who is not at all familiar with life inside the home, find the strict rules strange and react with more hesitation and annoyance (having all your private conversation in front of a stranger)?  I couldn't determine whether Murakami was praising asylums for the ways they &quot;cure people&quot; and help them to get in touch with their emotions or criticizing them for creating intense dependency and fear in the patients.<br />Overall, Norwegian Wood is a good, quick read that is never boring, but never breathtaking either.
B000009RXY|1.0|Here is a good example of  &quot;you get what you pay for.&quot;<br />This Sterling Entertainment Group of Fort Mill, South Carolina, Extended Play, 56 minute, tape appears to have been copied off a projection screening of the NASA &quot;Houston, We've Got a Problem&quot; 16 mm film.  The color and defination is very poor and appears to have been copied with a consumer grade VHS camcorder.  The original film was produced by NASA not long after the actual Apollo 13 mission in 1970.<br />Amazon has on sale a much better transfer of the exact same NASA &quot;Houston, We've Got a Problem&quot; film by Finley-Holiday Films.  That VHS tape is listed by Amazon as &quot;NASA: Apollo 13, NASA's Historical Film.&quot;<br />I saw the original NASA film back when I worked at the Goldstone Manned Space Flight Network station during the Apollo missions.<br />Bill Wood, Retired Apollo Tracking Systems Engineer
0385493622|5.0|This is a remarkable and engripping account for the search of a proof to a seemingly naive problem that mystified mankind for more than 350 years. I encountered this problem for the first time when I was 15 in a local Math journal in New Delhi, but never paid too much attention to it. It was the early part of the year 1992 and Andrew Wiles' proof was not yet known. But today I dont feel bad unable to solve the problem because the list of people who failed to prove this problem is astonishingly illustrious. The book is an emotional rollercoaster beautifully woven in the fabric of the hardships, frustrations, romance and genius of some of the best brains to ever live on this earth. The character of Andrew Wiles is beautifully portrayed and one cannot but fall in love with this mathematician. All in all, this book is a classic and definitely a must read for everyone, even for a person  with no background in Mathematics.
6305280711|1.0|Don't get me wrong, the 1 star is for the DVD. I give the movie 5 stars. The reason for the one star is that THX was supposed to have remastered this movie, it looks like they took the movie overlooked it and said it looks fine to us. DON'T BUY THE ORIGINAL! Buy the new SPECIAL EDITION! Also don't buy either of the original releases either. Just get the special editions.
B00005J6RE|4.0|This latest TOS DVD features one of the better TOS episodes, &quot;The Ultimate Computer&quot;, and one of the worst, &quot;The Omega Glory&quot;. &quot;Ultimate Computer&quot; is probably the last great TOS episode, focusing on the age-old conflict between man and machine--can a computer run the Enterprise as well as man? On the other hand, &quot;Omega Glory&quot; is an annoying, thinly-disguised (and dated) commentary on the Viet Nam War. The new DVD release features superb video quality, although the audio had a few flaws (&quot;hiccups&quot; in the dialog, picture and sound out of synch at times).
B00003CX5P|4.0|But be fair the Movie was trying to play true on so many fans expectations, and take into accout what is almost it's own libary (Meaning hundreds of books comics short storys, ect.) of information about how things happened in the &quot;Star Wars&quot; world. Lucas has said he would not make the last 3 chapter of Luke's story because of this (Well the aging of the main charaters probibly dosn't help the chances...maybe a movie about the twins someday?). <br />Any way The Phantom Menanc was well named what with Senitor Palpatine moving in the direction becoming Emperor Palpatine. I liked this one and can't wait to see the next. The movie looks a lot like what it is... A prequil to the story of Vader, Luke, and Lei. And even with Jar Jar was a lot of fun.
B00003CXP1|4.0|This movie is one of the few pictures that accurately portrays drug use. Aronofsky uses a few stylistic elements, from the split screen to the quick cut, in perfect sync with the tone and matter of the movie. It has style WITH substance. A rare treat in an age of pictures aspiring to be MTV montage videos. A lot of the same effects he used in &quot;Pi&quot; are incorporated into this film, only this time around, he perfects his technique.  <br />The picture centers around parallel stories of a mother and son. At first, you watch these characters and wonder what's so wrong with drugs. Midway, however, you come to realize why it's best to just say no. Things go terribly wrong for these characters. Terribly, Terribly wrong. Because of this, the picture might come off as a bit too moralizing or preachy. This is not a subtle movie. Still, it avoids the pitfalls of most junkie movies like &quot;Trainspotting&quot; and &quot;Drugstore Cowboy&quot; by visceralizing every detail wrong with drug use. <br />Great performances throughout the picture, most notably Ellen Burstyn. She demands your pity in this movie. Definitely one of the better pictures of this year.
6305750750|4.0|The only way to watch this movie. Some people have been buying the &quot;pan and scan&quot; version which is a real waste of money. It also comes with some other doo-dads in the box but I was paying for the widescreen version of the movie. If you like this film, buy this version.
B00005LDD9|1.0|This is one of the great classics of early German cinema but this DVD version is just awful.  You get what you pay for here and what you get is junk.  This DVD looks like it was projected off-center on a sheet.  Almost unwatchable, a real embarrassment that Amazon even carries it.<br />Movie 5 stars DVD 0 stars
B000001GXB|5.0|This particular 2-disc album is my favorite of all my post-baroque era piano recordings. The playing is masterful, the sound quality is great for a non digital recording(it is better than some digitals), and the pieces themselves are possibly the greatest pieces ever written for piano. Pollini's technical ability is so incredible it's almost reminiscent of Glenn Gould's(who is the greatest technical pianist that we've ever heard). What makes this record so enjoyable is the fact that Pollini not only plays these technically difficult pieces perfectly, he also plays them at fast tempos(as Beethoven wanted them and as many pianists, including Kempff, fail to do), and he plays them emotionally. Sometimes Pollini is accused of playing coldly. That certainly is not true of this recording. Beethoven's late pieces are more personal and intimate than his earlier works,  written at an almost spiritual level. Pollini is able to articulate these characteristics very well, bringing out great emotion from the piano masterpieces. I recommend this disc highly. If I could go higher than five stars I would. Truly excellent.(sorry if this makes no sense but it's 3 am)
B00005BJ2O|4.0|This is a great album, but it leaves me wondering where i can find John Leguizamo singing Nature Boy, and what about &quot;Like A Virgin&quot; or the mix of &quot;Lady Marmalade&quot; and &quot;Smells like Teen Spirit&quot;.  I sure hope that Baz is putting out a Moulin Rouge soundtrack Part II because I just didn't get my fill!<br />Other than that is was great!
6302798450|5.0|This is the funniest, and most original comedy of the 90's. Bruce Campbell has an amazing talent for cartoon-like facial expressions and this movie puts him in the same class as Jim Carrey and Jonathan Winters. This is pure escapism from start to finish with lots of wonderfully cornball one-liners, &quot;That was just pillow talk baby&quot;. Although some women like this flick, it's safe to call this a guy movie, but what a guy movie! What's most impressive about the film is the refreshingly original style that Sam Raimi brings to the screen. What a thrill it must have been to work with talent like Campbell who should have become a mega-star after this came out. What a shame it flopped. Jim Carrey is also a great talent but this movie blows Pet Detective away without a doubt. If you like the flying creature that picks up the girl and flies away with her, it may interest you to know you can see it in person next time you visit Las Vegas. It's hanging in the doorway as you enter Planet Hollywood at Caesar's Palace. Bruce Campbell would be the perfect choice to star in a Superman parody if they ever made one. Watch this film and you'll see what I mean. There are times you get the feeling you are watching Clark Kent's long lost half-wit twin. (Hollywood Producers or Sam Raimi if you are reading this, please take note!) In the meantime, if you are looking for the ultimate drinking movie for the next time you get together with your buddies, look no further. The director's cut is awful however so beware. In that version they cut out half of the best one-liners and replaced the ending with something stupid. The real version contains a brilliantly funny ending in which a witch travels through time to a Sporting Goods Store. Classic! This movie will appeal to those who don't like horror movies (like myself). It's not a horror movie. And remember...clatau, nectu, cough! cough! Bow to the king baby!
B00000J7JO|5.0|Once when my brother was looking over my CD's (and I look up to my brother as THE music critic) he exclaimed, \\"Woah...Californication? Some pretty dirty lyrics on that.\\" And I just smirked. I LOVE this CD. Every single track is good. Not only are the songs addictive, the lyrics are INCREDIBLE. I like to just take out the cover inlay and read the lyrics by themselves...It's like poetry. Poetry that they combined with a raw-edged rock song to creat their own unique sound. This album is fun, intelligent, different, and just beautiful...
0804106304|4.0|It is true that mothers and daughters are irreversibly bonded by blood. However, one cannot define a mother-daughter relationship simply by stating they share blood. The relationship is infinitely more complex and as unique as the DNA the two are bonded by. In The Joy Luck Club by Amy Tan, a set of mother-daughter relationships is displayed for us through the words of women, both mothers and daughters, and their lessons learned through family and well as their own imperfect existences. The stories are intriguing because they portray the women not as superhuman but as human, as flawed and pained as any person.   <br /> The relationships between the mothers and daughters in The Joy Luck Club are both cold and warm at the same time, blatantly portraying the gap in generations and the gap in American versus Chinese culture. Silence and outward disagreement surfaced often between the two. Much of the time the women seemed more like strangers or enemies than family. Lena and Ying-Ying often seemed to be closed off to one another, and Ying-Ying outwardly disappoved of Lena and Harold's marriage. The same can be said for June and Suyuan, who incited arguments over June not trying hard enough. The younger American generation barely understood the older generation, and though the American women seemed more career saavy and modern, they also seemed much less respectful. Despite a seeming gap in understanding, there was love between the mothers and daughters, but this love rarely showed all the way through to both parties. For example, Lindo cared very much about Waverly but thought that Waverly was ashamed of her, and at the same time Waverly thought that her mom was using her to fulfill her own dreams and to show off but wanted to be accepted by her. The two cared about each other, even though they often found the other one to be painful. The mothers and daughters loved each other, but both parties never seemed to be in the same frame of mind, due partially to age and partially to culture.<br /> Tan's attention to small details in culture helps to deepen the reality of the story. In particular, there were many details and important occurrences surrounding special foods, such as the soup cooked with the flesh of An-mei's mother's arm, the poisoned dumplings that An-mei's mother ate to free her daughter, and the steamed pork dish Lindo makes and Rich dumps soy sauce over. Culture was also brought out when surrounding the treatment of women in China. The treatment of wives and widows was disturbing and yet the painful traditions that the women suffered through did not deter them from wanting to keep alive their Chinese heritage in America, particularly through the continuation of mahjongg games and the demands of obedient daughters. Adversely, the American culture showed through in the younger women in their belief in change and their strength, especially seen in Rose when she tells Ted she is keeping the house in her divorce. Culture played an important role in the lives of the women, and the understated splashes of ethnic color added to the stories the women told.<br /> Most profound, however, was the portrayal of the women as human beings. The women were not extraordinary in the sense that they did not win medals for bravery or any sort of Nobel Prize, but despite seeming like ordinary people they had weathered much and lived to tell their sad tales. Perhaps all of us have had relationship problems or have lost someone special to us, and the stories are ones that we can easily relate with emotionally. Emotions were amplified in many of the stories, especially those of An-mei, Suyuan, Lindo, and Ying-Ying, but their sadness was one that we could understand and relate to. Also adding to the realism of the novel was that none of the women went without a serious personality flaw; Lena did not stand up for herself against Harold, Suyuan pushed for her daughter to be perfect, Lindo found fault in everyone, and so on. This made the novel morebelievable, and it also heightened the interest in the characters, as they were not just characters in a book but real people.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I know this might not make any sense to some, but this album is so good I wish it wasn't getting radio play. Sure, I want Dido to make the money she deserves, but what bugs me is that the more mediocre (but still pretty damn good) stuff on this album is getting popular, while some other way better tracks are being ignored. Yes, &quot;Here With Me&quot; was a good hit, after being boosted by being the theme to &quot;Roswell&quot;, but &quot;Thank You&quot;? I was expecting...no, hoping that Hunter would be next. Hunter is one GREAT song. Probably the best on the CD. And it's, you know, catchy too, so where is it on MTV?...Hello? But I guess the teeny-bopper scene is too fluffy and happy to welcome any moody song that is about a feel of escaping from a relationship, instead of being romantic. But no, I'd bet anything that &quot;All You Want&quot; is next, because it's so cute and romantic and happy!...Well, now that I've lectured you all, I'll just say that anyone who buys this and only listens to the radio hits is really missing out. The whole CD has a great mood. I listen to &quot;Honestly OK&quot; and &quot;Slide&quot; every single time I'm sad, and it really gives me a great release. And the bonus track, I think it's called &quot;Take My Hand&quot;?...whatever, it's REALLY amazing. The whole album is amazing, and unless you can't stand anything sad, it never gets boring. I highly recommend this album.
630575067X|5.0|This Movie has awesome special effects and an amazing story. It has alot of our favorite character's from the original Star Wars series, like R2-D2, C3PO, Obi-Wan Kanobi, and more. It has everything, drama, action, adventure, even comedy. This is a movie that the whole family will enjoy.
0780622553|2.0|I had heard that \\"Dark City\\" would appeal to film noir buffs, to fans of thought-provoking science fiction, and to admirers of \\"The Prisoner\\" TV series. I fall into all of those categories, so this movie seemed like a sure thing. <br /> <br />It wasn't. Imagine a shaky hybrid of \\"Blade Runner\\" and \\"The Matrix\\" directed by the Coen brothers on an off day. Nothing matters here but special effects and flashy sets littered with zero-dimensional characters. Kiefer Sutherland's wheezing doctor earns some sort of award as the most irritating character in recent memory. The thuddy, bass-heavy musical score underlines the \\"Look at me I'm so cool\\" emptiness of the film. <br /> <br />The sad part is that there were some really good ideas here. The central theme of the movie was an interesting twist on a \\"Matrix\\"-like concept, and in the hands of a director less obsessed with special effects, this could have been a fascinating and exciting movie. As it turned out, however, \\"Dark City\\" can only be recommended to fans of overlong comic books.
0790729628|4.0|Well this is the &quot;directors cut&quot;, usually this means they put in the previously edited portions that end up on the floor.  In General this is good, as has been shown in directors cuts of both Dune and Terminator 2 (I understand they cut out 45 minutes of Highlander, that they included in the UK version that had his feelings about living that long in favor of offering us blow up things happy americans shorter waits between action sequences, I am still waiting to see that one). However the perhaps 10-15 minutes they cut out of blade runner, and put back in do not make up for the ongoing thought verbalized in Harrison Ford's head.  Ok sure they make you think perhaps that Harrison Ford is a replicant himself with the vision of the unicorn, and Edward James Olmos character(perhaps his first job on sceen before Miami Vice?) leaving a unicorn origami, lending one the idea that perhaps the police dept knew more about Harrison Ford than he himself did, but that in No way makes up for the superb remeniscing done by Ford as the movie moves along, I even Showed my 15 year old son the whole DVD and then took out a VHS copy I had from an old showtime or HBO version of the original and played the ends back to back and even he agreed the original explained more about the characters thoughts and made the movie not only more intelligent but more desirable.  The Dvd ends in blackness, while the original cut has them flying over what is perhaps virgin North American Forests giving you the hope that they found happiness as Harrison Ford remarks, true they did not give an inception date for Rachel, but then again as Gaff said who knows how long we may have.  The end of the original, much as less the internal musings of Harrison Ford on the original cut are supremely superior to the directors cut, and if the original cut makes it to DVD i would buy it in an instant and sell my &quot;directors cut&quot; , which not to be redundant, however breaks the mold of directors cuts beingbetter, this one is actually a disgrace to the original cut!!!
B00003CXRM|1.0|I tried hard to get through this movie. I found it lacking in humor. Frankly I found it lacking in everything. This the worst movie I have bought on DVD. It would not even make a good Frisbee.
0380973650|3.0|With how fantastic Neverwhere and Stardust were, I suppose it was inevitable.  Could Neil Gaiman live up to the expectations of his previous novels?<br />Well.....<br />It seems that with American Gods, Gaiman is trying very hard to push home a point about what it's like to live in modern America, rather than telling a wonderful story and scattering these thought-provoking ideas throughout the narrative.  The premise of American Gods is a great one, but the plot doesn't follow through.  With all of the side-stories and strange characters floating in and out, the main story loses focus.  Shadow is not really an endearing character, like Richard from Neverwhere.  He is distant from the reader at the outset, and remains so, which may have been the point, but then why is he the main character?<br />The writing itself is technically wonderful - there's no doubt Gaiman knows how to express himself on paper - and there are a few sequences that I will never forget (Jacquel &amp; Ibis, the bank robbery w/Wednesday) but American Gods lacks the nightmarish wonder of Neverwhere and the imagination of Stardust.  In fact, in parts it seems overwritten, as if Gaiman is striving to make sure you get the point he's trying to make, instead of letting the reader decide for him/herself.<br />American Gods is good, but not great.  I can't help but be influenced by how fabulous his first two novels were (along with his magnificent short story collection Smoke and Mirrors), and am left wondering what might have been if Gaiman had decided to simply tell a marvelous story than resort to being overly preachy.
0800103661|4.0|Gattaca's tale of one man's struggle to fit in in a society of genetically-engineered supermen somehow managed to touch my deepest strings and play on my every insecurity, which I find surprising in view of the film's circular ideology. What do I mean? Gattaca is an artful cry against mechanical perfection - it depicts a sterile society that values one's physical attributes over one's very humanity. Creating a child is much like shopping for a computer today: everybody wants the best &quot;specs&quot; - a genius mind and a perfect body are expected and selected for, while the naturally-born people face utmost prejudice. Given this premise, one would expect Gattaca to be a celebration of the unique human qualities - creativity, emotion, etc. Instead, Gattaca takes a completely reverse stance and starts celebrating the very qualities it condemns: the main hero, the &quot;In-Valid&quot; Vincent Freeman (woodenly acted by Ethan Hawke), clandestinely inserts himself into this perfect society almost solely because of his physical merits - his athleticism, his ability to type perfectly (I envy him), even the size of his private member. In several scenes scattered throughout the film Gattaca visually demonstrates Vincent's struggle - in the form of a swimming contest with his engineered brother. As expected, in the end Vincent wins, though precisely how he does this is unclear. Does &quot;Gattaca&quot; pose luck as the redeeming human element? I'd rather expected him to paint a masterpiece.<br />I already mentioned Ethan Hawke's slightly rigid acting. In a complete reversal, Vincent's partner in crime, Jerome Morrow, a paraplegic &quot;Valid&quot; whose identity Vincent buys, is brilliantly, sulkily acted by Jude Law. He delectably embodies defeated pride and arrogance - oh, how many people I've met that were so like him! On the other hand (Gattaca is a really mixed bag, isn't it?), Vincent's love interest Irene (Uma Thurman) just doesn't capture the reader's attention. Heracting is hardly off, but her part just doesn't seem central to the story's message, and Thurman is unable to make it into anything meaningful.<br />Sadly, &quot;Gattaca&quot; capitalizes on that tired Hollywood cliche of unattainable love - when the story is already rife with possible central themes. If told as a tale of the uneasy alliance between Vincent and Jerome that slowly grows into a brotherly affection, &quot;Gattaca&quot; would improve greatly.<br />The almost total absense of special effects does attract attention, but it's hardly a surprise: Gattaca is a story of interpersonal relationships, and as such doesn't require fancy graphical imagery. What's more surprising is that Hollywood actually summoned up the courage to produce such a visually unexciting film.<br />So, all in all, how did &quot;Gattaca&quot; manage to touch me as deeply as it did? It played on my innermost fear of all - that of being inadequate. That awful childhood feeling of being excluded from the general goings-on. Without this sort of viewer-film chemistry, I would hardly expect anyone to compose a favorable opinion of it.
0679879269|5.0|What started out as a simple journey for a little girl in The Golden Compass grew to a more complex plot and theme in The Subtle Knife and finally in this book, expands to a universal crisis resting in the hands of a few main characters.  Each character is so complex, that the terms &quot;evil&quot; and &quot;good&quot; cannot be assigned, the thoughts and emotions are realistic and the motives are expressed well.     Perhaps the most amazing element of this book is Pullman's ability to intertwine at first seemingly unrelated ideas and plot developments.  For example, Lyra's destiny at first glance does not seem to make any sense, but as the prophecy reveals it self truthful, the reader is awed at the author's ability.      Definately a keeper.
B00005K3OT|1.0|Was this really nominated for a an Oscar? The bar keeps lowering . All this movie turned up into as a cheesy Flashdance ripoff which was worse than Coyote Ugly if that is humanly possible.Other than the lead actress I never saw so many canned hams in 1 picture
0553277472|5.0|Many of my thoughts keep returning to ZAMM. It has been a while since I read it last, and I am going to read it again. I have spent the last couple of hours reading reviews here, and it's evident that there is wide disparity in how readers receive this book. One has to wonder what that says. Is Mr. Pirsig onto something or not? Personally, I am confident that he is, and the way that it is done is so masterful as to be almost magical. At times, I can spot something that doesn't ring quite true, but it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter because the truth that he is trying to tell is still there.<br />Multiple themes are woven together: the ride across some of America's best with his only son and the relationship that's theirs alone, a narrative about insanity through the clouded memory of someone that had/has been labeled as such, an examination of western philosophy and its influence on western thought, an alternative eastern perspective, and more. <br />For many of us that are writing reviews here, Persig begins to unlock a whole realm of possibility. The possibility that awareness of existence (quality, truth, God, whatever you want to call it) may be approachable by non-rational means. Neither logic, anlaysis nor the scientific method may provide the ultimate path. And, without these familar touchstones we are threatened to lose our certainty. Accepting this possibility is both liberating and frightening! It is to stand on the threshold of . . . In a sense, it's a simular place in thought to where the world stood when Columbus discovered the new world.<br />To be willing to follow Persig with Phaedrus and participate in his Chautauquas is an adventure in courage. One must look into the frailities of our own sanity. It is tempting to deny to oneself this vulnerability, and doing so may render this book meaningless and shallow. However, the participative reader finds the captivation of an &quot;Alice in Wonderland.&quot;<br />Not a text, not a novel, not fiction. Itis an autobiography! It's hard to believe that it's true, and the book ends before the story ends -- just like life and the reality that endures. Robert Pirsig is a hero to have gone so far in pondering the &quot;deep channels&quot;, and then in sharing his bounty with us. <br />I'm going to read it again. Thank you Robert.
0380778556|4.0|I loved this book when I first read it in high school. It opened my eyes to a great author and a genre I had previously never enjoyed. I have read it 3 times and still enjoy it's depth, alive characters, and rich descriptions. It is a tad slow in the beginning but stick with it becuase it such a jewel to be treasured. See Hitchcock's film version for a different spin on the story too!
0800139151|4.0|Despite the film's down-sides, the screenplay and the silly gunfight effects, the Quick and the Dead remains a fun film to watch.  Stylish directing from Sam Raimi and exellant performances from Leonardo Di Caprio, Russel Crowe and Gene Hackman make this my one of my favourate westerns to date.  Sharon Stone is pretty good too if you can accept her in a Clint Eastwood 'man with no name' role. This homage to Sergio Leone is about as daft as they come so don't take it seriously, but still loads of fun.
B00005B4GU|5.0|It's very easy to become frustrated with &quot;new music&quot;, or more abstract electronica, because I think it requires thinking differently then what most  are used to. At first this music can come across as overly indulgent. Or, some pretentious contest to see who can make the most &quot;unlistenable&quot; music, and then turn around and call it art. But trust me, take some time with this album, incubate it,  try to wrap your head around it. Follow even the most subtle, non-melodic tunes to see where they go;  Ignore the lyrics, then listen to only the lyrics. Explore it, Experiment with it.  This is not a passive album. My first few listens, I found something inexplicably familiar about some of the songs, but then it would just lose me. Now, after several weeks , I crave this album like no-other, the experience just gets better everytime.
0316776963|5.0|Oh how I would love to meet David Sedaris.  Other than Dave Barry, I have not read a book that has made me laugh so hard I cried.  Mr. Sedaris can find humor in the most mundane and he makes ordinary people extraordinary.  His storytelling ability is not to be rivaled.  I almost felt like I was watching him in Paris.  I can't wait to read the rest of his books, but this one will be hard to beat!!!
B000056HE9|5.0|When you put too many top stars in the same film the results are sometimes disappointing.  That is far from the case in this movie.  Three of the best-ever actors combine to make this one a true classic.  The interaction of this unusual triangle serves to involve the viewer more in the realities of life and living than in the movie's incidental supernatural events.  This is my absolute favorite for Loretta Young and one of the best ever for both David Niven and Cary Grant.<br />This is a &quot;Must See&quot; if there ever was one.  It just makes you feel good each and every time you watch it.  So either buy, beg or borrow this movie(DVD &amp; VHS formats are about equal in quality) and my guess is that you will never regret it.<br />HIGHLY RECOMMENDED BY VEDA &amp; jIM
B00005B4GU|5.0|OK, OK, OK.  I originally gave this a 1-star review, because I originally hated it.  Let me tell you...I gave this CD a couple hundred 2nd chances, and I have loved it more and more every time I listen to it.  WOW.  Absolutely amazing.  Every song on here is astounding with its ability to instantly put the listener in a trance.  Almost as amazing as Kid A(their best by far).  Personal favorite song; \\"Like Spinning Plates\\".
B00004WGYA|5.0|Let there be no doubt about it, this is RIO, the ORIGINAL Rio that is. You see, when Rio was released back in the 80's several different LP versions were released (3 I think). This version here is the first one, the original *LP* version. The original *CD* version of Rio is the third LP version. So Joe Karney was misinformed when he said that they used the &quot;wrong masters&quot;. In fact they use the wrong mastertapes on the original CD release. Anyway, Rio is an 80's gem, a must have, essential listening. From the groovy title track to the myserious closer &quot;The Chauffeur&quot; (Duran's answer to Ultravox's &quot;Vienna&quot;?), the songs are all well written and performed. This album showcases a band at the peak of their abilities and popularity, and while later releases such as &quot;Seven And The Ragged Tiger&quot; and &quot;Notorious&quot; are all good albums, none of them match the sheer brilliance of this pop masterpiece.
B000050XEI|2.0|At the behest of a female friend, who is a foam at the mouth Enya fan, I borrowed this CD and listened to it several times.  The music is passably well composed, and skillfully executed, but lacks any variation of device, or technique through the course of the album.  Frankly, I found the album non-memorable, as I can now, a month after hearing it, remember but a few themes, and no melodies.  <br />     In a hundred years people will be listening to:(a)Brahms, (b) Mahler, (c) Wagner, (d) Enya.  Pick three.<br />     I would only recommend this album to the Terminally Weepy, girls under 15, and the Imaginatively Challanged.
B000001FDQ|4.0|Yes, it is self-indulgent, over-the-top constant soloing without any real songs. Yes, it is repetitive, and steals shamelessly from Paganini's caprices when his obvious Deep Purple influence doesn't dominate (I don't hear Jimi Hendrix here, which is probably a good thing). I'll even give you that there are other guitarists who are faster, better, more soulful, etc. But in 1985, there very few who sounded remotely like him. Then all of the sudden there were hordes of guitarists saying &quot;I'm a big classical fan and eat the stuff for breakfast&quot; who probably did  nothing more than listen to this record a zillion times. I first heard it when I borrowed it from a friend over a weekend, which I pretty much spent listing to it over and over again for the entire 60 some odd hours that I had it, minus any time I spent sleeping. I have listened to it recently, and it holds up surprisingly well in this post-Nirvana age.
B00000J7JO|5.0|Guitarist John Frusciante is back, and this album is great. The first thing you hear is Flea's amazing bass work on Around The World, and the last thing you hear is John's guitar work on Road Trippin'.  This is quite possibly the greatest album ever recorded.  It was the best album of 99, and even 2 years after it's release it still is on the billboard charts.
B0000028RR|5.0|this is simply the best cd ive ever listened to. if u love rage against the machine, get this!!!!!! if you just love awsome music then get this!!!! either way get this!!! all the tracks are good. this is a great album, a MUST HAVE!!!!!!
0790744295|3.0|I usually don't like comedy mixed with horror, but this is a tongue in cheek masterpiece! The Crate is a great story, as is the rest. The 2 stories this flick could have done without are The Lonely Death of some hick and Theyre Creeping Up On You. Both boring stories. This is a must! I hate Stephen King, but when George Romero and Stephen King combine, be sure to see it! hehehe
B000053VAF|4.0|As with Monty Python's \\"Life of Brian,\\" \\"Dogma\\" came under a lot of fire because it dealt, utilizing tongue-in cheek humor, with that most sacred cow: Organized religion. Dogma\\" is a brilliant film that DOES NOT MAKE FUN OF GOD, but rather asks uncomfortable questions regarding the organizing of a belief structure (As the 13th apostle says in the movie, \\"It's not a matter of who's right or wrong; none of them have got it exactly right.\\") As an atheist, I found this movie asking a lot of questions I ask, but instead of tearing down any belief structure, \\"Dogma\\" actually gives answers that would seem to make God more accessable.<br />Okay, the humor can be raunchy or juvenile at times, but in the end it is a thought-provoking movie that isn't afraid to ask questions and take on various belief-structures. And this Special Edition DVD is packed with a lot of deleted scenes that help to answer a lot of the questions that might have remained (like \\"Who are those three kids?\\"), along with poking a lot of fun at itself.<br />Get this movie!
B00000IPAX|5.0|I have never heard of blink 182 before this cd came out, so i don't know what their previous cds sound like because i've never heard them.  This cd is great, and i've had it for 2 years, and i still listen to it all the time. Also pick up Take off Your Pants and Jacket by Blink 182, because that cd is good too.
B00005KHJT|5.0|This latest re-release of \\"Halloween\\" includes 12 extra minutes of scenes shot during the production of \\"Halloween II\\" to pad the running time when it was released for television. Much of it is of Donald Pleasance, with him confronting a young Michael Myers as well as the hospital staff, begging them to send Michael to a more secure institution. Pleasance is also seen examining Michael's room after his escape. Jamie Lee Curtis, Nancy Loomis, and P.J. Soles also reappear for some girl chatter. These additional scenes do help to augment the story, and they are well done.
6304711875|1.0|Total trendy tripe from the WB. We get stupid TV actors that every brainwashed teenager loves, and we get a flick that causes 12 year old Nsync fans to come to horror movies. Scary Movies? BAH! I prefer to call them &quot;horror movies&quot;. That little imbecile Randy thinks he knows everything about horror, oh yeah? I bet if he saw Cannibal Ferox or Cannibal Holocaust he would friggin CROAK! I used to have little respect for Craven, and after this, I have none. This film only promotes overrated Hollywood yuppy trite like The Exorcist or Halloween, acting like those are the only horror movies ever made. This is the beginning of the end of horror. Say goodbye to horror, folks, cause the  WB has taken over. :*(
B00004VVNB|4.0|This film is a bit dated but the FX still hold up pretty well. Even though you know the distance shots are of miniature models you still like the eye candy. The premise of a society of no one over 30 years old is interesting. After a nuclear war because of a limited supply of food they must live in a dome. They go to Carousel when a crystal in their hand turns red and flashes at age 30. Are they truly renewed in Carousel? Only the search for for sanctuary by Logan (Michael York) and Jessica (Jenny Agutter) outside the dome in the wilderness will tell. Since Logan was a Sandman that killed runners (those trying to escape from Carousel), he will have a problem finding sanctuary outside the dome now that he is a runner. The story moves along and it will keep your interest better than many 70s SciFi films. This movie is well worth the $...for the DVD since this copy looks completely restored and the sound quality is very good. It includes a few extras as well. A good addition for any DVD library.
B000002J0P|5.0|There are certain albums which create a sound and experieince which grips you from the first note to the last. This was my experieince 25 years ago when I first heard this album, and it has lost nothing with time or the transition to CD.<br />Yes, some of the '60's ideals and philosophies may be dated, but the beauty of the harmonies, the melodies, and the sheer joy and passion of their music is as enjoyable now as when the album first came out. <br />There is a quality and clarity of writing and of individual expression that is just not found in today's overproduced music.
B00003CXSP|4.0|The biggest mistake they made in makeing the sequel to the silence of the lambs was not bringing back Jodie Foster as Hannibal's rival.
0764005685|4.0|This is Argento's supernatural film gone metal, lots of sweet 80s metal played in this flick!!! Not much gore, but maggots and midgets and monkies with big butts! and beautiful schoolgirls! (argento's favorite, bwahaha) get the film!!!
B00004VVND|3.0|As all 70s films this is dated but the story has aged well. Look at what most people do with their summer vacations and you see what I mean. If you haven't been to Disney Land or World you may not appreciate it quite as much. Westworld is a part of a theme park with parks of other time periods as well. The tourist go to the park and get to put on costumes and pretend to be in the \\"Old West\\". Many inhabitants are robots controlled by the park to make the experience more realistic. When the snakes and bad guys turn lethal the rollercoaster ride begins with no clue as to who will live and who will die. Yul Brynner is the \\"Terminator\\" before Arnold Schwarzenegger came along. Everyone should see this at least once. This is a good movie to buy for any SciFi or Western collector.
078062369X|3.0|This movie has two main themes: Gore and Vampires.  Snipes plays Blade, a half human and half vampire person who is only that way because his mother was bitten during pregnancy.  Since then he, out to look for the vampire that made him the freak he is, uses his vampiric abnormalities to kill any nosferatu he can find.    It's packed with a bunch of scenes ranging from stakes to slices to vampire combustions.  Then it comes to a blood filled ending where he finds that same vampire and his now vampiric mother; it all leads up to a freakish ending with a blood god and flying skeletons that really didn't make a whole lot of sense.  But it made for a good fight scene.  But if you're looking for a good, logical, well-written story to back up all this (what I normally prefer i.e. Gladiator) then you are looking in the wrong place.  But if you like some tastefully and not-so-tastefully used gore and vampires, then this is definitely for you.
1559408898|5.0|Robocop is by far the greatest sci-fi movie ever made and this DVD just adds to the robocop Hype!!!
B00004RF9B|5.0|&quot;It will remind us...after all...that we are not God...&quot; --Leslie Nielsen as Commander J.J. Adams in the last scene in FORBIDDEN PLANET.<br /> WHAT A CAST!!! WHAT A SCREENPLAY!!! WHAT FANTASTIC MUSIC!!! WHAT A ROBOT!!! WHAT A MOVIE!!!  The producers of FORBIDDEN PLANET took Shakespeare's &quot;The Tempest,&quot; teleported the play to the year 2200 in outer space, threw in the United Planets flying saucer C 57 D, a rugged, handsome space commander, a mad scientist and his beautiful daughter, a long dead race called the Krel, an invisible Monster from the Id, the best robot ever to appear on a movie screen--Robby--and a terrific cast with LEADING MAN OF ACTION Leslie Nielsen, beautiful Anne Francis, Walter Pidgeon, Warren Stevens, Jack Kelly, Earl Holliman, and character actor Richard Anderson, plus:Freudian Psychology, a murder mystery, and a classic boy meets girl, boy loses girl, boy gets girl love story with a white hot finish, and it's nothing less than the best science fiction movie ever made!!!<br />         Or as Leslie Nielsen says in FORBIDDEN PLANET's final scene, &quot;It will remind us...after all...that we are not God...&quot;<br /> Chari Krishnan RESEARCHKING
0517201658|5.0|The Thornbirds is definitely within the top five of my favorite books.  The movie is wonderful and the book is even better, giving you more detail and perspective on the characters.  If you like novels that struggle with &quot;true but forbidden love&quot; (ie Bridges of Madison County, Losing Julia, Fortunes Rocks, etc), you should enjoy this book!
0812548094|3.0|A much better piece of work than WFR. Much more focused.   The dialogue is a bit weak, and the characters are somewhat inconsistent. Also, some of the sexual refernces are a bit adolescent. Furthermore, why would a woman over 100 years old behave like a young, teen-aged girl?  Addtionally, some of the obstacles that the protagonist must surmount are overcome rather easily. If you thought the ending to book 1 was brief and anti-climatic, this was was even more so. Still, it was an ok read. Hopefully, book three will be even better.
0446677450|4.0|I would love to give this book five stars: it presents ideas on personal finance that will certainly be useful to most people.  I've already started applying some of his thoughts to my own situation.<br />I can't give the book five stars because it is not very well written at all.  There are a large number of typos, the grammar is often poor, and the stories are sometimes vague or repetitive.  It's worth a read, but please go in expecting informative and autobiographical anecdotes, not a thorough and professional review of investment tactics.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|A super-imaginative romp through the Bohemian underground of 1900's Paris.<br />               The story loosely follows the plot of LaBoheme. Doomed lovers, a jealous Duke and, of course, the famous eye candy of the Moulin Rouge itself entwine to create a riveting story.<br />               Unlike musicals of the past, &quot;Moulin Rouge&quot; uses the music to tell the story, rather than stopping the story and breaking into song. Yes, the music is modern and done in a &quot;cheesy&quot;, tongue-in-cheek manner, but it all works together to entrance and captivate the audience. A gritty, gravelly version of &quot;Roxanne&quot; (by The Police) is done to an intense Argentinian Tango. WOW!                Amazing! The acting and singing are top notch!<br />               This is one movie you will either completely love and want to see again and again or it will make you want to leave the theater early (or shut off your DVD player!). Be adventurous!
0141000198|4.0|A very funny and (sorry, Mom) accurate portrait of the life of the modern singleton. Bridget made me giggle, cringe, and grieve for her, often in the same day. Now if only I can get my *own* life to have such a happy ending...
B00004X01U|5.0|I love this album.  All the songs are great and get you moving.  The ballads are not overly slow, they're just right.  Listening to the CD for some reason makes me want to walk through the desert while the sun is setting.  It just puts you in a great fun mood.  It has some 60ish influence with today's urban dance beat.  It's wonderful and for all ages.
0151003084|5.0|No, you won't be reading this to your pre-schoolers (at least I won't be), and it does take a rather perverse sense of humour to appreciate this book, however it had me giggling all the way throught the ABC's.
B000002LK1|5.0|I remember the summer of 1990 for many reasons, being a formative time in my life, but I will never forget the night I first heard this album. I was at a party with my best friend, when we heard the most entrancing, melodic, and moving music coming from the back of the house we were at. Making our way to the back room, we found Depeche Mode's newest album &quot;Violator&quot; playing in the CD player. We quitely sat down and listened through the entire album without saying a word, and then listened to it again, completely silent. The studio production was flawless, one of the best &quot;sounding&quot; albums production wise that I have heard to this day. Every synth, guitar lick, vocal inflection, and beat perfectly mixed and placed with clarity, tonality and melodic genuis. Every song is perfectly crafted, in nearly every way. Perfect hooks, perfect instrumentation, nearly perfect lyrics (what is though?), etc. etc. etc. This album became the &quot;soundtrack&quot; to my life that summer, and reformatted much of my musical tastes to this day. Definatley one of my top ten all time pop/rock albums. GET IT!
0446608955|4.0|YES!!!!!  Mandy Moore, the beloved pop singer will play the part of Jamie in the major motion picture release of A WALK TO REMEMBER, due out in January. This movie will be a tear jerker!!! I read the  book in one day. It was very easy to read and very touching, However, u can almost feel what is about to happen next, which is not really good, I want surprises. You will fall in love with Jamie, and Landon. You will be able to relate and learn from both characters. I dont want to spoil anyone's fun but I will say the ending was cute but a little too fake, \\"unreal\\". Read the book, its a treat. Then, when the movie comes out, go watch it!!
B00003CY5H|4.0|Robert De Niro, Edward Norton, and Marlon Brando.  Without saying another word about this film it is worth seeing just because these three actors share screen time.  Having said that, this movie is also worth seeing because it is a really good picture.<br />De Niro plays Nick, a smart, by the books safe cracker, who never takes risks, and always delivers the goods.  However, Nick has decided that he wants to get out and retire to run his night club and settle down with his girlfriend.  Which would be fine except his long time partner, Max, played by Brando, has come across one last job that is too good to pass on.  The catch is he must work with a partner, Jack(Norton), and he must do it in his home city of Montreal. These are two things he never does. The situation does not improve when his accomplice approaches him on the street, which Nick finds unprofessional.  <br />What makes this movie so entertaining is the way in which it is presented.  Everything in the movie is about designing the score, building the suspence to when they make their move.  The attention to detail, rather than having silly subplots, is a credit to the script and to director Frank Oz.  And the cast is perfect.  The great thing about having great actors in a film like this is that they did not try to do too much.  De Niro, was cool and calculating.  His portayal of the aging theif was just what it needed to be.  It really seemed like he was just ready to quit, but then not quite.  Norton contrasted De Niro's old pro with the energy of a young man eagar to make a name for himself and prove his worth.  He was cocky and arrogant but also intellegent.  <br />The real scene stealer was Brando though.  His role is not very large, but it is essential to the story.  His character is another contrast to De Niro's Nick and Norton's Jack.  He is the man who sells the goods and it is hard to imagine that in the real world these types of people would be much different than Brando's lively, eccentric Max.The performance is another reminder that Brando, even at 76, can hold an audiences' attention like no other actor.<br />This movie is a throw back to the old heist pictures and a good one at that.  It features three of the best actors there are in an intralling, suspenceful story.  What more could we ask for?This is definately a score.
B00004VXF2|1.0|I wouldn't recommend buying this CD unless you have first listened to it.  It consists of feedback, screeching, and rumblings.  The recording is boring and monotonous.  It is the recorded equivalent on running fingernails down a chalkboard or chewing tinfoil.  What amazes me is that people take this recording seriously.  Some see it as the starting point for the genre known as industrial music.  Look, if you want to listen to bad music, that's fine.  Just don't assume that there is anything close to fine artistry in this recording.  Save your money and buy something that won't make you so angry.
9681500830|5.0|very special plot and elements. nice book for kids.
B00005KHJT|2.0|The reason I gave this two stars is: When you origanlly watch a movie and you enjoy it, then they add extra scenes to fit a time slot on T.V. it is like they tainted the first version.(in my humble opinion) That is why I rated it two stars...  I am however a huge halloween fan (except for number three), watching this is still better than most horror flicks.
B00003CXRP|5.0|Ever since 1992s &quot;A League of Their Own&quot;, Tom Hanks has been on a roll.  His films have been critically acclaimed as well as hugely successful, ranging from modest (That Thing You Do! &amp; The Green Mile) to Box Office Kings (Forrest Gump &amp; Saving Private Ryan).  How does he do it?<br />Well with Cast Away, Mr. King Midas strikes Gold again, with a simple tale of a man who crash lands on an island and must survive it's hardships for four years.  Sounds simple, huh?  And you might think a movie, even with Hanks in it, about one person on an island for most of the time may seem boring.  Not a chance.  Cast Away breaks down the human being in us all and lets us discover who we truly are inside, by watching Chuck Noland (NO LAND) discover for himself what it takes to sustain his own life and well being.  The love for a woman he left behind, that he looks at with a picture in a pocket watch she gave him when last they were together.  There are layers and layers of depth to this piece that is so compelling, if you're not emotional by the end, check yourself for a pulse.  <br />Those that love this film have already fallen in love with Wilson, a vollyball with a bloodpainted face, drawn by Chuck, to have as a companion.  Sounds nuts, you say?  Try being alone for four years and see how long it takes you to make up a friend to talk to.  Wilson represents Chuck's hopes and determination in himself.  He needs Wilson to be there.  I have never gottan more choked up over a vollyball in my entire life, but when you watch that one scene on the raft, well, your heart just breaks...and I know it's crazy because Wilson is not a real person...or is he?<br />Anyone who scoffs at the ending are really too busy to take the time to get the point of what Cast Away is all about.  I am so tired of these cute little endings where the guy gets the girl in the end, when in reality, we all know it doesn't always work out that way.  But you take from Cast Away what you bring to it, and that's what the ending is about.  Which direction to take now?  Not sure.  But at least &quot;Tomorrow the sun will rise&quot;.<br />The DVD extras are FANTASTIC.  So many featurettes that don't feel like featurettes..they feel like short documentaries..and there's even one all about Wilson!  But my favorite is the Charlie Rose interview with Hanks, who is such a delight..it's truly a great interview.  I really wish he could've participated in the audio commentary, but he's so busy.  One mistake I noticed..the details on the back of the case state that Cast Away is presented in anamorphic widescreen with an aspect ratio of 2.35:1, which is incorrect..it's only 1.85:1.  But with tons of trailers and interviews and featurettes, it really makes little difference to me.<br />Grab this movie on DVD, and get ready for an experience you'll never forget.  And Mr. Hanks?  May your streak of hits never end!
B00003CXSP|5.0|I do not join the popular trend for hating this movie.  I loved it in fact!<br />I am a person who likes to read books that movies are based on. In many cases this helps me to understand the movie better.  I have noticed that many reviewers on this movie have been overly disgusted with it.  I would like to suggest to all of you that you try the book. I can guarantee that the story follows better, and the man-eating pigs will make more sense....<br />The movie actually follows the story-line from the book very well, with minor scenes cut out for time and movie-boredom-factor.  The book does get into Lecter's head quite well and you begin to know the man better and understand him. Hannibal is more directed toward the relationship between Lecter and Clarice than an outside source, as Silence... was. Meanwhile the makeup affects are outstanding and the acting is of amazing calibur. <br />You must understand at the same time that there was a different director involved (Ridley Scott)and so he has his rights to portray the story differently from Jonathan Demme.  It may not have been as dark and scary at The Silence of the Lambs, but is by no means following the trend of cheap thrillers.<br />Overall, one of the best movies of the year so far. but if you have any doubts... read the book first.
B000059H99|5.0|&quot;Heeya go...Heeya go&quot;.  Hey, yo!!  To all you's Rocky fans out there dat don't know it, der's a hidden Featurette of Sly meetin' Rocky, dat was made durin' Rocky V and it's right under your nose.  Just go to the main menu and click &quot;UP&quot; with your remote control and you'll see &quot;ROCKY&quot; in yellow at the very top right of your screen.  Just hit enter and the featurette will begin.  It's a lot of fun seeing Stallone and Rocky talkin' to each other as if they's was two different people.  And hey, yo, if this information was helpful to's ya's, please show your gratitude by clicking &quot;yes&quot; under dis here review.  Tanks alot, I appreciate it.  &quot;Yo, Paulie!!  Your sister's with me!  I'll call ya's back later!!  See ya!&quot;
B000002UB3|5.0|.... ...awesome and incredible.  ....<br />I do love this album.  I also fear that some of its subtle charm is lost on CD.  This was an album with very clearly defined \\"A\\" and \\"B\\" sides, a deliniation that is lost on compact disc.<br />It is the \\"B\\" side that defines this album for me.  Sure, the \\"A\\" side sets a surrealistic tone, with \\"Maxwell\\" combining a silly sounding ditty with truely disturbing lyrics, but...<br />It is the awesome 12-song-1-song string on the \\"B\\" side that has always sucked me in.<br />Beginning with \\"I want you (She's So Heavy)\\" and rolling through \\"Her Majesty\\" 11 tracks later, the \\"B\\" sides melts through a charming series a genre-mocking half songs that blend into a sort of mini opera.<br />It is almost sacreligious to listen to any of these cuts independently, as they all play a role in the song immediately preceding and following them.  It's quite fabulous.<br />...this is a great one.
6303402348|5.0|This film is a masterpiece.  Tom Hanks excels in his role as Forrest Gump and Sally Field is excellent too, as his mother.  This film is moving, yet funny and is the best feel-good film ever.  Zemeckis' direction is flawless and the story just flows smoothly and fills the audience with joy.  One of the best films ever made.
B00000294R|5.0|What can i say? apart from i guarrantee you that you'll not find a better CD, every beat and lyric fits together perfectly, its hardcore ruff and f?@kin excellent! with lyrics like 'i jumped out da lincoln left it stinkin, put his brains on da street so you could see what he was just thinkin' it definately takes the number 1 spot on my list. R.I.P homie
0780622545|4.0|I finally rented dark city again this weekend...wow..id forgotten how extremely creepy parts of it were and how well written it was...certain parts of the story seemed alittle hastily written in..(ie:the character of mr.hand or whatever his name was..the one imprinted with the guys memories..just casually says to him at one point &quot;we use youre dead as vessels...&quot; wich makes sense but seems alittle out of nowhere..)) also how finding what makes us human could possibly save the strangers entire race was somewhat confusing..i never understood that..nor why the doctor played by kiefer sutherland was bruised and bloody in the flashback sequence where he is forced to erase his memories....or how imprinting sewells character with the strangers collective memories would save them (possibly give them some telepathic link to something? possibly their minds were worn down from tuning the city?)) i dont know..im just very heavily into completely understanding movie plots wich means ill sometimes watch movies very carefully to get any explanations from dialogue or events..<br />also the movie seemed very short..1 hr and 40 minutes..only 10 minutes longer than the wonderful south park movie wich clocked in at 90 minutes..far too short for something so well done...and the ending cut off most all possiblities for a sequal/book series based upon the movie (you know how most movies will get at least one novel extrapellating on the existing plotline..wich can be anywhere from very well written to painful to read more than 2 pages of..)..also the fan base for this movie is very small..no fan sites to speak of on the internet...many people when this came out either avoided it out of confusion/thinking it was a &quot;goth&quot; movie (wich it was most certainly not..it was a well written suspense film..many will back me up on this...)/thinking it was just a vehicle for special effects (this could have been a factor that killed it as all too often youll get movies that are nothing but explosions and badly written dialogue for characters played by whatever new star is &quot;marketable in the publics mindset...this is obvious as in such movies as pearl harbor,etc,etc..) but i recommend this movie to anyone who likes film noir movies/suspense movies/strangely written movies..or just movies with a good sense of ambiance that leave you wanting to watch it again..id give it 5 stars but...the problems i listed earlier stop it...more like 4 and a half,bordering on 5 stars..its a very good,very different movie
B00003CXDZ|5.0|Whenever I try to describe this film, I inevitably find myself stumbling over the words. <br />Stunning. Mesmerizing. Like nothing I've ever seen before. <br />Genius is, by its nature, challenging. Unlike most of the so-called \\"art\\" being foisted on us, most of it merely a re-telling of last year's top-grossing film with the same predictable dialogue, \\"Moulin Rouge\\" is astonishingly daring, brazen, stunning - and unapologetic, for which I love it even more. It may possibly redefine the term \\"fast-paced\\", particularly when it comes to camera work and editing. <br />As far as the performer's work goes, Ewan McGregor has made me a fan for life with his work in this film. \\"Moulin Rouge\\" is seen through his eyes, and he must convince the audience that he is absolutely giddy with first love for Satine. Were his lines spoken with less reverence, less enthusiasm, we wouldn't believe him. Instead, McGregor inevitably reminds us of the first time we fell in love - how the whole world looked different, how it seemed as if everything were possible. He's a powerhouse actor, and it shows in this film. On top of having a delightfully impressive singing voice, his acting never wavers; even when he's singing to Satine, his love for her just shines. <br />Kidman is visually stunning in this film. The ice-skinned beauty is required to be adept at vaudeville slapstick one second and the embodiment of a smoldering temptress the next. Fortunately, Kidman has the acting and vocal range demanded by this work, and should be lauded for her performance. Her performance during the final segments of \\"Moulin Rouge\\" are riveting, overwhelming moments, and she plays them to perfection. <br />I cannot recommend this film highly enough. It is unlike anything you have ever seen. Leave your cynicism at the door. If you prefer to dress it up as \\"realism\\", leave it outside, too. Instead, take a chance. Allow yourself to let go and simply experience this film. It will resonate with you for weeks to come.
B000002BFZ|5.0|This CD is awesome!  I've been relistening to alot of music lately and this is one of Pearl Jam's best CD's the song &quot;Present Tense&quot; is one of the best songs ever!
B00003CXDZ|5.0|This is a movie that one has to see not only with their eyes but with all their senses.  You must be open and willing to enjoy the movie for what it is....entertainment.  To you love struck people....you owe it to yourself to see this movie at least once. People who do not enjoy musicals leave the theater in this magical place where the Moulin Rouge lives and find themselves singing and humming the familiar mixes from the soundtrack.  EVERYONE at one point or another during the show can identify with a character, with a situation and find themselves wanting to believe that all will end happily!  But will it???  You decide for yourself.  Enjoy one of the best films ever, in my opinion.
6304030959|4.0|I like &quot;Jumanji&quot;. It has lots of laughs and lots of action. True, it lacks something that keeps it from being a classic. Maybe, as Maltin says, it doesn't have much to say. I could argue that it has something to say about perseverance and not letting others down, but it does seem to be more about punch lines, things coming through walls, floors, ceilings, etc., and special effects, than anything else. That isn't necessarily bad, though. Some movies should just be fun, and &quot;Jumanji&quot; does that pretty well. Yes, the premise is preposterous. A game where each space you land on has a rhyme that produces tangible (and violent) results. But it's no more preposterous than a boy who hears dead people (&quot;Sixth Sense&quot; for those who missed it). Bottom line: in my opinion this flick was a lot of fun. Not deep, but fun. It has all the laughs and action you could want. And my kids like it, too (no, it didn't scare them). Stay away if you want something dramatic or serious, but if you're looking for some fun and fast-paced entertainment, this could be just the ticket.
B00003W8NM|5.0|This movie makes sense in a crazy way.  I think the writers and producers of this movie are trying to tell us something.  After I watched this movie it made me think about how life is really is.  Everything is like clockwork, like we're programmed to think and live a certain way. That sucks!!!  This movie really opened up my mind a little bit.
6305165912|5.0|I have read all the reviews below and decided to be brief. Coen brothers are modern America's most talented moviemakers. BIG LEBOWSKI is my favorite work of Coen Brothers. FARGO is the one I like the least(no wonder, it got an OSCAR). This comedy is worth watching numerous times and it never seems boring. I tell you what: get yourself a bottle of good vodka and Cahlua and cream, turn on the DVD player and start fixing WHITE RUSSIAN's every time his DUDENESS has one. Can you keep up with him throughout the movie?:) I want to mention specifically a short yet brilliant performance by John Turturro. Nobody ... with JESUS! :)
6305728437|5.0|A great movie! There is a &quot;Scary Man&quot; in it but my husband taught our 3 year old daughter to make faces at him when he comes on the screen and yell at him if he is too scary~this way she has controll and gets to enjoy the movie completely instead of looking away at the scary parts. She has most every Disney movie but this is one of her favorites.
0380729407|2.0|Ray Bradbury is an exceptional writer....and this story is like a well-written Goosebumps book.  It is NOT scary for an adult brought up on Stephen King horror.   However, I was fooled by reviews claiming this book &quot;has been known to give some people nightmares&quot;.... well, those &quot;some people&quot; are twelve year olds.  I recommend this book for pre-teens.  For adults, I recommend Stephen King's Needful Things, which is vaguely similar.
B000001FS3|5.0|I fell in love with U2 when &quot;War&quot; came out. The joshua tree was the last one that gave me big chills. Listening to U2 at that time made me sign up to amnesty. They were the gods of the 80´s. The first side, in LP days, is magnificent. With or without you still takes my breath away. I think it's the most beutiful song ever written. Bullet the blue sky still pounds hard and where the streets have no name is a perfect startup.  On song that have been a bit forgotten is Exit. It has power. <br />This is U2 at the top. Only &quot;Achtung baby&quot; comes a bit near...
0767802470|5.0|For those who have never seen this movie, you can read all the other reviews for a synopsis.  Rest assured, it is every bit as good as all these 5 star ratings testify to, and more.  The acting is flawless.  The cinematography is ingenious.  The musical score sends chills up your spine.  And let's not quibble about whether it's a \\"war\\" or \\"anti-war\\" movie.  This is an argument for pseudo-intellectuals.  This film is packed with realism and tension, threaded together by a cohesive and gripping storyline. By comparison, Das Boot makes most other war movies almost an embarrassment to watch.<br />For those who have seen the original film, the Director's Cut DVD offers vast improvements via re-mastered sound (which even on a simple stereo set-up is incredible) and a crystal clear picture.  There are 60 or so minutes of extra footage (of which none is \\"throwaway\\"), bringing your pleasurable viewing time to well over 3 hours.  The Director's Commentary is helpful and insightful.  I have purchased many \\"classics\\" on DVD and there always seems to be one area (special features, picture quality, etc.) that is disappointing.  Not so with this version of Das Boot - it surpassed my greatest expectations.<br />There is, however, one item worth mentioning that may not please Das Boot afficianados.  There are 3 or 4 instances (English version) where the language has been tamed down.  This struck me as rather odd since the film still carries an \\"R\\" rating.  While I'm not a fan of foul language just for the sake of it, it was a little disappointing not to hear some of the \\"pedestrian\\" terms used by the crew in the original film.  Of course, one can always go for the more authentic approach and listen in German while viewing the English subtitles (which, by the way, do not come close in translation to the actual English audio dialog).  These are minor flaws that cannot possibly detract from the superb rating this film deserves.<br />Congratulations to Petersen and Co. for a stellar effort!  This is one you'll watch again and again.
B00005LMBK|5.0|GORILLAZ....hmm..where do i start on this one?! After 1st seeing the video for their 1st relase, &quot;Clint Eastwood&quot;..the video left me terrified. Then after seeing it a few more times, the song got suck in my head, so then I had to buy it. And boy was that the BIGGEST favor I've done for myself in a LONGG time! This CD has got to be the best in my collection so far! Any fan of music has to own this; They take all different varities of todays types of music, alturnative, dance, rock, pop, folk(last track and you'll see), rap, and the list goes on... I highly recomend this CD to anyone and EVERYONE! It's deffinilty worth your $16 bucks; And beielive me, you won't regret it! ~*ENJOY*~
0553579908|5.0|What I fail to understand is how Martin keeps his writing at such an excellent level when his books are easily 700+ pages.  This was an amazing, amazing novel that got better the further one got into it.  The characters are made that much more real in their inmperfections and the fact that it is hard to tell good from bad is the books greatest strength.  I found myself rooting for characters such as Tyrion Lannister, who would typically be made a villian in a more stock novel.  The author has woven an amazing tapestry with a well thought out backstory, culture, and plot.  In my opinion this is part of the best fantasy series ever and needs to be given a look.
B000000IRB|5.0|Once upon a time, in a faraway land, lived a little girl who was scared to no end of Pink Floyd.  Her eyes had mistakenly fallen upon the Delicate Sound of Thunder album, and her young mind could not comprehend why there was a picture of man wearing lightbulbs.  She vowed that day that she would never let such freakish things corrupt her thoughts, ideas and ideals, and kept that promise for the next three years. The little girl was now becoming a woman and entering high school, and thus exposed to many new concerts and concepts.  One day while exploring her options by rummaging through her mother's CD collection, she found an album known as Dark Side of the Moon.  She was initially hesitant to play it, for she was still quite wary of the man wearing lightbulbs, but she took a deep breath and popped it into her CD player.  Lo and behold, something was stirred within her.  The instrumentals swept her away, and the lyrics touched her in a way music had never before done.  She knew this music, she had heard it all before, but where...? Suddenly it hits her.  She remembers a scene from when she was six years old, back when she still lived in a forest.  She could picture her biological father, whom she had not seen in five years, sitting on their blue couch listening to this music.  It had been one of his favorite albums, and has since become one of mine.  From the chords that send chills down my spine to the wailing lyrics that make my heart cry out, this album evokes more emotion than any other could even come close to.  This is Pink Floyd, their genius in music, not just sounds or words, but music in its truest sense.  It is music that makes you think, makes you feel, music that lets you know you are here.  Every time you listen to it, another aspect will reveal itself to you, for there is no way any one person can comprehend everything in that album.  Another recommendation I would make is Us and Them: the Symphonic Pink Floyd.  Many of the songs on it are from DSOTM,and in my opinion they are wonderfully done.  At first it was hard for me to listen to, because I knew all the songs by heart from their original albums, the entrances, the chords, all the blips and bleeps found in them, and Us and Them doesn't follow exactly to that.  But I think they captured the essence of the songs, and all through instruments, they didn't even have the lyrics to support them. I say that DSOTM is an album that anyone who appreciates classical rock must have in their collection.  So what's stopping you from buying it?
B00003CX5P|3.0|Much about this movie has been already said. Episode 1 is fun pure and simple. But why can't the DVD be released with DTS? I lowered my opinion from 4 stars to 3 for no other reason. I've been waiting for this release to hear the Pod Race and final llight sabre battle in all its glory in DTS. Maybe the second or third special edition release will have it.
6302719631|2.0|I must confess that I haven't yet read the book, however, I will now.  The background music was, I found, very dominating, and I thought out of sync, but the atmosphere prompted me to read the book.  The darkness and mordidness some of the imagined scenes did make me laugh.  They make me wonder whether Catherine, a girl of that time, would really have had such vivid and wild fantasies. Overall, it was good, but I would like to have been able to make a comparison with another production, if only to see how someone else would have portrayed some parts.
B00000K0DT|5.0|The godlike product of the collaboration between film-maker Bryan Singer (who would go on to direct &quot;X-Men&quot;) and screenwriter Christopher McQuarrie (now a director in his own right with &quot;Way of the Gun&quot;), the Usual Suspects is that rarest of films - an intelligent, well-plotted thriller that does NOT telegraph every twist and turn to the viewer. An excellent ensemble piece, admittedly with Spacey and Byrne giving standout performances in particular. Visually thrilling, vibrant, and smart...&quot;Suspects&quot; is still being constantly analysed and discussed with joy by its viewers. The commentary for this DVD is also genuinely interesting and entertaining, with McQuarrie and Singer on fine form.   Incidentally, the reviewer below from Austin, TX, who states that the film is poor (which is utter nonsense!) and urges people to see a good Bryan Singer film such as &quot;LA Confidential&quot; instead - don't trust his/her opinion; if they can't spot that LA Confidential was directed by Curtis Hanson, not Bryan Singer, then it kind of casts their reviewing skills into doubt, doesn't it? :)<br />Buy this, and realise why you love films. You will NOT regret it.
6303398480|5.0|Because I am a HUGE fan of the Showtime series Stargate SG-1, it only stands to reason that I would love the Stargate movie. The first time I watched it I could not get into it. Then, once I could view it with no interruptions, I was hooked. When I found the series on Showtime, I became their no. 1 fan. The movie laid the groundwork, the series has added multiple dimesions to this original premise...that the Egyptian gods were really aliens. I love them both, and so will anyone with an interest in Sci-Fi or Egytian mythology.
B00005J6RE|4.0|If there is to be any criticism of the DVD itself, or any in this series, it is that Paramount missed a great opportunity to load these episodes with some great features such as cast commentary.  Nothing would be better than to listen to Shatner and Nimoy reminisce as to the particulars of any given episode in an audio commentary. Sadly, you'll have to buy their books for those insights.  They do include the trailer for &quot;next weeks&quot; episode which is fun. &quot;The Ultimate Computer&quot; provides a predictable warning as to the dangers of technology, and the message is not dated in today's world view. More interesting is the effect this loss of power has on Captain Kirk.  The loss of command is a recurrent theme in the original series. Check out &quot;The Deadly Years,&quot; &quot;The Naked Time&quot; or &quot;This Side of Paradise.&quot; In these episodes, Kirk's passion for the Enterprise is clearly established. Another interesting theme is that of the renegade captain, subject of &quot;The Omega Glory.&quot;  In the tradition of Joseph Conrad's &quot;Heart of Darkness&quot; a captain finds himself alienated from civilization and &quot;goes native&quot; setting himself up as lord over the inhabitants. Check out &quot;Bread and Circuses&quot; or &quot;Patterns of Force.&quot; The source of conflict, or drama, is provided when Captain Kirk is forced to confront what is essentially a darker version of himself.  He knows his enemy, and his enemy, a former friend has the same training Kirk does.  Remember, there were only twelve constellation class starships in the fleet, so these captains are at the top of their game. This senario is more directly explored in &quot;The Enemy Within&quot; where Kirk must literally battle his dark side.  All said, these are two very strong classics in one package.
B00000DLV1|5.0|It is always impressive to see a band make an album with an orchestra. Unfortunately not all the time the move pays off; in this case it has. The orchestra gives added depth to the already moving and meaningful pieces from Portishead, with an excellent string and horn section building the sound. Both &quot;Portishead&quot; and &quot;Dummy&quot; have representatives on this album. It is hard to notice that it is also a live album, as the sound quality is superb. Some of the songs are better on this album then on their studio version. &quot;All Mine&quot; has to be the standout track on this album with its glorious vocals.<br />A great album showcasing Portisheads enormous wealth of talent and their love of complex music. A must for fans and a good start for those newly acquainted with the unmistakable sound and briliance of this great group.
B00005IBGQ|2.0|Rufus Wainwright unquestionably has talent as a songwriter.  &quot;Cigarettes and Chocolate Milk&quot; and &quot;Poses&quot; in particular display a remarkable ability to craft emotionally evocative lyrics, set to melodies that are restrained and quite shimmeringly beautiful. &quot;Greek Song&quot; possesses a similar cast. But other than that - and with the possible exception of &quot;California&quot; - one soon tires of Wainright's flat, nasal vocals and the overall monotony of most of his melodies.  Perhaps his lyrics work better as poetry, to be read and not sung? <br />&quot;Cigarettes and Chocolate Milk&quot;, however, is guaranteed to get stuck in your brain.  You will find yourself singing along to it for days.
0671042858|5.0|This  was a great summer reading book. I started it at home one summer night and finished it on vacation in St.Lucia. it was a book I could not put down. Very well written and kept you in suspense till the end.  Not many books keep my attention but this one did! Thanks Stephen King.
B000002BSG|5.0|I am sure that I'm just echoing other reviews- but this is a great music compilation.  It's the CD that introduced me to Jamiroquai and I've been an avid fan ever since. I was literally speechless when I heard it the 1st time and I am still sometimes speechless to this day when I hear it. <br />Do yourself a favor and pick up this CD and savor it...
0064407667|5.0|... I am and avid reader and read everything from Sweet Valley to Harry Potter to Animorphs (and everything in the middle). I purchased this book for summer reading, after reading the great reviews here. I was 10 then, the same age as K.Weill's son. The books are not scary, believe me. This book ilustrates some of the most tragic things in the world, yet I was not scared, as it is ilustrated in the funniest way possible. You can't help yourself cracking up in the middle. Anyway, that's my two cents.
B00003CY5H|3.0|cinimatically gorgeous, good acting but highly predictable. No surprise ending here.
0064407667|5.0|I would like to comment on K.Weill's review. I am and avid reader and read everything from Sweet Valley to Harry Potter to Animorphs (and everything in the middle). I purchased this book for summer reading, after reading the great reviews here. I was 10 then, the same age as K.Weill's son. The books are not scary, believe me. This book ilustrates some of the most tragic things in the world, yet I was not scared, as it is ilustrated in the funniest way possible. You can't help yourself cracking up in the middle. Anyway, that's my two cents.
0767817664|5.0|&quot;Fright Night&quot; is exactly that--a night full of the very best frights! Directed and written by horrormeister Tom Holland, &quot;Fright Night&quot; tells the very stylish tale of Charlie Brewster and his next-door neighbor. What's the significance of that coffin in the basement? Why are there gorgeous females entering the house and then exiting...in a body bag? Charlie wants to find out! So, he solicits the help of &quot;vampire hunter,&quot; Peter Vincent, played to the hilt by the late/great Roddy McDowall. Holland keeps the action moving at a frantic, fun pace--and this is easily the best mix of laughs and horror ever put on celluloid. Forget &quot;Scary Movie&quot; and &quot;Scary Movie II,&quot; ad nauseum. This is the real deal! And the DVD is flawless, a beautiful print!  Ya know? I think I want to watch it, again!
B00000JYGX|5.0|The music is wonderful, You will want to hear it over and over. All in French, and I don't understand French, You don't need to know French to enjoy this musical version of the Hunchback of Notra-Dame.  There are 2 acts, 1 CD for each, and a booklet for each with all the words(French) included, so you can follow along.  I would recomend this double CD set to anyone.  Bravo!!
B000002ADT|5.0|It is justifiable that VH1 rated this album, along with Bitch's Brew among the top 100 albums of Rock and Roll. This album should be in everyone's collection, no matter what taste in music you have. Miles Davis has to be one of the most recognizible people in American art, and rightfully so after listening to this album for the first time.
0201485672|5.0|What is refactoring, why is it a good idea, and what are good mechanisms for doing so? I highly recommend this text for those involved in software development, especially later in the software life cycle when maintenance is a crucial issue. Honestly, even if you just read the first three chapters you get the gist of the book (the majority of the book is specific types of refactoring) and enough knowledge to decide on whether refactoring is a useful thing for your code base (it almost always is).<br />An excellent look at a crucial part of &quot;Extreme Programming&quot; and a useful part of development of all sorts.
B000002UAR|5.0|Revolver includes so many classic Beatles' songs. Taxman, the opener, is my favorite. I love the lyric, \\"if you drive too sexy, I'll tax your seat.\\" The B&W cover is a cool mix of photos and drawings.
B00004THAY|5.0|Got this cd for my husband for Father's Day last year. It has been in our car for two long road trips from AL to IL and back and we are still singing along and loving the friendly give and take of these two great talents. We have single cd's of both artists but enjoy this one the most! Like the Three Tenors, they seem so relaxed while going for the best. If you like either artist get this cd.
B00004Z459|5.0|Song by song review<br />Papercut: (3/5) It's pretty cool, but nothing great. One Step Closer: (5/5) Great song, and this guy can SCREAM!! With You: (4/5) It's a good song. Points Of Authority: (3/5) I just never got into it. Crawling: (5/5) KICKASS! FLAWLESS! Runaway: (5/5) Doesn't sound like anything else out there today. By Myself: (2/5) Too much screaming, too much rapping. In The End: (5/5) Awesome balance of singing and rapping (and screaming). Great solo by Chester. A Place For My Head: (3/5) It's decent. Forgotten: (4/5) Cool lyrics. Cure For The Itch: (4/5) *giggles everytime they say &quot;Wasn't that fun?&quot; Pushing Me Away: I haven't really listened to this one taht much, so I dunno.
B00004STPT|5.0|This is perhaps the most moving and inspirational soundtrack in existence.  I can remember watching &quot;Gladiator&quot; for the first time.  I went to the movie thinking that it would be little more than a decent action flick.  But right when the movie started, just from listening to the opening theme, &quot;Progeny&quot;, and then moving into &quot;The Wheat&quot;, a sensation quickly overwhelmed me, making me realize that this was going to be one hell of a movie.  The soundtrack is so perfect and almost indescribably powerful.  Even if this movie was nothing more than a 5 on a scale of 1 to 10 (and I don't see how that's possible), the soundtrack alone brings it up to a 7 or an 8.<br />All throughout the movie, you are constantly mesmorized by the music.  But my favorite songs are in the very end, with &quot;Honor Him&quot; and &quot;Now We Are Free&quot;.  With all the events that have taken place in the movie up until this point, and with all that the music has added, the viewer is truly overwhelmed with the finale.  I can remember turning around in the theater as the credits began to roll and watching everyone still sitting down, nobody getting up to leave.  Almost everyone was completely emotional, with many crying, and they all needed a moment to just sit and reflect before getting up to leave.<br />This soundtrack proves Hans Zimmer to be a musical god.  It is truly amazing, and if this doens't inspire you, then frankly, you are a dud.  The fact that this soundtrack failed to win the 2000 Academy Award for &quot;Best Soundtrack&quot; proves one thing - the Academy Awards are definitely not the perfect judge of what is best.  For this soundtrack is not only the best of 2000, but just about the best of all time.
0783225970|5.0|Top of the line drug lord thriller. Pacino puts on an amazing show making his way from broke to having it all as Tony aka Scarface.
B00000DGUG|5.0|I wanted to check back in because Alanis should be getting ready to put out a new cd sometime soon and this is an underappreciate cd.<br />I am a fan but not rabid. There are things I don't like about this cd and yet I have listened to it more than nearly any in my collection (large) since buying it. Musically it lacks somewhat, but lyrically it is brilliant! More mantra than melody, extremely introspective, I discover something nearly every time I listen to it.<br />If you put it away after this first listen and said yuck (my first reaction, but I always recommend a three listen minimum to new music...a rule I often break!), bring it out, listen daily for 7 days and see what you think.<br />JLP seems like pure pop compared to this. I'm ready for more Alanis!
B0000399WC|5.0|Very sad movie, but beautiful at the same time! Best performance by Steve McQueen.
0140288503|5.0|The tragic firefight which involved about one hundred U.S. soldiers and thousands of Somalias could have been a lost footnote in the annals of American warfare.  However with the willingness of the men involved in this battle to speak about it and with Mark Bowden's impressive ability to make this story come to life on the page, we are given a story that all should read.  The lives of these soldiers seems in many ways, foreign to those of us who have never served in the military, but they provide a glimpse of just why the United States military is often heralded as the bar by which all others are measured.  One who hasn't read the book would wonder why these specially trained soldiers were not able to make it out of this city unharmed, but it is this fact which propels the story forward.  As the first black hawk helicopter goes down, they realize that no matter the cost to themselves, they are going to save the pilots on board.       This is the first chance we get to see the dedication that these men have to each other as well as to the history of their specific units and to the overall military as well.  Luckily we get more chances to see this dedications throughout the novel, particularily in the actions of Delta snipers Randy Shughart and Gary Gordon.  It is through the actions of men like these that make one proud to be an American.
0684833395|5.0|Providing possibly more giggles, guffaws, chuckles, and chortles per page than any other important literary creation this century, Catch 22 has the potential to become one of those rare works whose legacy will live one forever.  Indeed, Yossarian lives!
0425163407|4.0|just a case of she done it again... I'm a total addict and this one did not disappoint me.  I've read all the books in the series and although the last 2 were not as good, this one is a stay up all night and race for the last pager.  I was never really one for reading about post mortems until a friend lent me the first book.  Patricia Cornwell has a very readable style, and in a world where most of this genre are by men, it is refreshing to read things from a woman's point of view.
B00005AAFS|5.0|Rammstein is probably one of the better industrial/heavy metal bands out there today, mainstream anyways.  The band's history of combining eardrum blowing music to soul chilling lyrics continues in their latest album, and it's pulled off extremely well.  Though not as sadistic or masochistic as their past songs, the listener still gets a feeling that a violent act of sex is the basis for most of their songs.  This ties in to their other songs quite well, but the way in which these were written is what sets it apart from the others.  No longer directly to the point, every song Mutter is written like a poem, with metaphor and allusion in every song.  This is the thinking industrial fan's album, and it does not dissappoint.
0553573403|5.0|George Martin absolutely blew me away with this novel. This has to be one of the best books I've ever read. The author weaves an intricate, dark plot, the result of which saw me reading the book from start to finish in one sitting. In fact, all I can do is wax lyrical about this book (which I subsequently crammed down all my friends' collective throats)!!<br />It's hard to analyse the elements that make 'A Game of Thrones' a winner... but here goes! George Martin's writing style is emotive, and immediately draws the reader deeply into the complex plot. The political intrigue is merely an echo of the chaos and upheaval that will soon affect the world, and one almost feels sucked into the inevitable vortex that starts spinning faster and faster. Any sci-fi / fantasy afficionado must read this novel...
B00003CXDZ|5.0|okay this movie was sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo good!! y'all have to go see it cause you WILL LOVE IT OMIGOSH. i like cried the whole movie it was sooooo good if you don't see it you're missin out major. go see it RIGHT NOW oh and buy it for me for my birthday- 9/2. SO GOOD MY GOD. even if you have no idea what it is about go see it you'll love it...
0446608955|5.0|I have read all of his collection: A walk to remember, The notebook, the rescue and a message in a bottle, he is a fantastic author and he has excellent work. He is very detailed and has perfect description. I love the way all the books connect in some way and I hope he continues writing. I will always be open to reading his work, he has become my favorite author. Im not fond of reading but his books grab you that you have to see what happens. I recommend this to anyone you have to try it!  good luck
B000001F5F|3.0|This CD is Lousy, if you know the full story. I purchased this CD and thought it was the best concert of the century, then the internet came along, and I downloaded the FULL concert and guess what, I now have TWO full CD's of over 90 minutes of music from this spectacular concert.  Even the VHS of the show does not include all of the songs from this concert.  Most annoying is the song sequence of UABRS CD.  Gloria which opens this CD is actually played fourteenth into the set.  11 o'clock is played 16th, I will Follow is seventeenth.  I think you see my view.  Anyway, search around the internet and you'll be amazed at how easy it is to find this great, unreleased (why) concert.  Then you will see my point of view.
B00005B4GU|5.0|Music like this straddles the world of the popular and the world of the obscure, so it's understandable that some people find it inaccessible, or that others think the songs miss the mark. But this album doesn't pretend to aim at anything except it's own existence as a piece of music. So it's hard to see what mark it's missing. Is this not supposed to be music? This is what makes the album so beautiful to listen to. It sounds so carefree! I love, especially, &quot;Pyramid Song,&quot; with its very simple phrases and mournful lyrics (sung mournfully, but with an uplifting message), and the last two songs of the album, &quot;Like Spinning Plates&quot; and &quot;Life in a Glass House.&quot; There are jazzy horns in the latter that are wonderfully placed, and it's no chore to listen to. I have been listening to this album for the last several weeks and it's been so much fun. I whistle all the wonderful melodies. The only drawback is that I don't have the lyrics memorized to any of the songs, so I can't sing along.
B000001F5F|2.0|When I purchased this CD way back when, I thought it was incredible although short.  Now that the internet has come along, I downloaded the COMPLETE concert, and now I know what everyone has been missing, over 90 minutes of a really incredible concert.  The &quot;commercial&quot; version is a rip-off to fans.  Gloria, which opens the commercial CD, actually was the 14th song of the set.  I always thought &quot;40&quot; was a great closing song.  Now that I have the full concert, I found out that there were two additional songs played.  To end my spiel, seek out the complete concert and you will be amased at what you have been missing.
1878424319|5.0|The Four Agreements, one can say, came to me. It is a book that I appreciate in finding because it has inspired me to lean towards a truth about me in which I knew existed, however, never brought to its full potential. It gave me a sense of reality of how one should be towards oneself, those we love, those we don't agree with, and to those we don't even know. It was written productively according to the Toltec beliefs and it was unbelievable to see how just giving something of light a chance could change the entire course of one's self being. Of one's life. I recommend it strongly and would also recommend on reading  Mastery Of Love.
B00003ETJQ|3.0|Stunning photography, a coherent and beautiful cinemagraphic work.  But the &quot;haunting&quot; Asian, East Indian(?) music wore on me after a while, and the time lapse was overused.  My wife, however would rate this 5 star.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|In response to some of the negative reviews of Moulin Rouge: 1) If you know you don't like musicals, you should not have seen it in the first place. 2) No one ever claimed that this is supposed to be a serious, realistic film. It is pure fantasy.  To those who were expecting reality, you should have done your homework before going to the theater. 3) You can't make a good judgement on a film if you walked out after 15 minutes, or 45 minutes for that matter. 4) To whoever wrote the review containing the line &quot;Why did the dwarf have a lisp?&quot;:  The &quot;dwarf&quot; was Henri Toulouse-Lautrec, an impressionist painter and frequent customer at the real Moulin Rouge.  He was a real person.  He really was that short, and he really did speak with a lisp.  Please go to college and learn these things.<br />I have not read one good reason why people disliked Moulin Rouge. I think if people could just once open their minds a teeny bit and let their jaded cynicism go, they could enjoy this film.  Have a little fun, people.  Don't be such snobs.
B000000WJ2|5.0|There is no denying it Main Offender is understated and  charming. Keith Richards is a passionate musician, quite possibly a genius, a guru of beautiful and soothing riffs, for instance Demon and Words of Wonder are particularly striking. This album also has a hard edge to it, his unique brand of blues-rock. Because of its authenticity and passion it puts crass brit-pop, grunge. etc to shame. I eagerly await its follow-up, if ever there is one.
B000002L9S|5.0|In my opinion &quot;True Blue&quot; has always remained a favorite of mine from Madonna, but this is just one that stands above the rest of her albums. Despite only being nine tracks long, you still get some great hits such as &quot;Papa Don't Preach,&quot; &quot;Open Your Heart,&quot; &quot;Live To Tell,&quot; &quot;True Blue,&quot; and &quot;La Isla Bonita&quot;. But that's only the singles, the action-like &quot;White Heat,&quot; which in my opinion could have been a single and the latin infused &quot;Love Makes The World Go Round&quot;. The only filler track here is &quot;Jimmy Jimmy&quot; trust me, when you listen to it, you'll know why. If your a beginning Madonna fan why not start here, this would be great for your collection.
B0000024SI|5.0|This album &amp; &quot;Freewheelin'&quot; are really the two essential entrees into Dylan's 60's catalogue (although it's all great).  Just buy it already!
B00000064G|5.0|The title track of this album, which is evidently the reason a lot of people buy this one (from seeing the VW commercial) is merely the tip of the iceberg.<br />That commercial still amazes me. It's introduced so many people (including me) to something wonderful. Pink Moon is 2 minutes long, but it is enough to hook right through you and pull you into Nick Drake's beautiful, albeit fragile and melancholy, world. &quot;Which Will,&quot; also a deep, quiet song, is probably his second best-known song for being covered by Lucinda Williams a few years back.<br />I've yet to hear anybody blast Nick Drake for writing bad music, so that's good news for new fans. Although I like &quot;Five Leaves Left&quot; a bit better, this album is also essential to any music lover. &quot;Things Behind The Sun,&quot; for example, is equally brilliant. As is &quot;Place to Be,&quot; &quot;Parasite,&quot; ... ah, hell, they're all great. The real challenge would be to decide on which Nick Drake album is the best, not whether or not you should buy it.
B00005JJUF|5.0|LAURENCE FISHBURNE, KEANU REEVES and CARRIE-ANNE MOSS star in one of the biggest cyber-thrillers of all time, becoming one of the most popular movies ever- THE MATRIX.  Alias Computer hacker-Neo(Reeves), plays a man leading two lives, in search of an answer to the world.  He's always known something was different about the world, but never could put his finger on it- until Rebel Warrior Trinity (Moss) leads him to Morpheus, the man he has been in search of.  Now, knowing that the world is just a prison for humans' minds, Neo discovers that he is more than just a man, but the &quot;one&quot; who will save the world from a molevelant cyber-intelligence.  And he must discover his force of power before the Agents who control THE MATRIX can stop him.<br />MY REVIEW:<br />&quot;Even though they're are nearly 3,000 reviews for this film, I'm just going to add mine.  THE MATRIX is a sweet kick-ass ride from beginning to end!  This movie is too good to be true!  The unique story, acting, effects and action adventure, set the standard for Sci-Fi moviemaking of the new millenium!  Like STAR WARS, MATRIX is ground zero for new, spectacle filmaking that will be looked up to and followed for generations to come!  Doesn't that just make you say: &quot;Woah...&quot;- MJV &amp; the movies.
B00000064E|5.0|There are four Nick Drake albums, and I think that this is probably his best work (though they are all wonderful).<br />A lot of hooks will leave this one in your CD player. From the opener, &quot;Time Has Told Me,&quot; the music is irresistable. That song has great lyrics, perhaps somewhat fortelling of his untimely death: &quot;Time has told me not to ask for more... because someday our oceans will find the shore...&quot; It's lyrics like this that will leave him remembered as a remarkable singer-songwriter.<br />Drake's voice is deep and haunting. His guitar is surprisingly rich. A few of the songs also have orchestral accompanyment (Way to Blue, Fruit Tree, etc.) and they are equally gorgeous. Fruit Tree, I think, is one of the most sad and beautiful songs I've ever heard. It makes my heart heavy every time I hear it. And &quot;Man In a Shed&quot; is one of the most fantastically catchy tunes I've heard to date. It's enough to make me hit the repeat button on my player multiple times.<br />If you want to get some of Drake's music, this is a good place to start. And though I think most people will probably buy &quot;Pink Moon&quot; first because of the Volkswagon commercial, I think &quot;Five Leaves Left&quot; has the edge, and fans of the two-minute-ditty &quot;Pink Moon&quot; certainly won't be disappointed to digest this album.
B00000DFSK|4.0|Although one could argue that this isn't a &quot;Best Of&quot; as much as it is a &quot;Most Well Known&quot; collection of U2's eighties work, as a fan, I couldn't help but pick it up if only for the remastered tracks and remade version of &quot;Sweetest Thing&quot;, originally the b-side to &quot;Where the Streets Have No Name&quot; (if you can still find the version of this compilation with the b-side disc, it's definitely worth the inflated price). Most of their earlier work is neglected...Boy has one track present, October has none (sacrilege!), and War has two. I can understand the lack of their lesser known singles like &quot;Fire&quot; and &quot;A Celebration,&quot; but the absence of &quot;11 O'Clock Tick Tock,&quot; &quot;Gloria,&quot; and &quot;Two Hearts Beat As One&quot; is downright blasphemous.<br />&quot;The Unforgettable Fire&quot; is well-represented, with not only the definitive U2 anthem &quot;Pride&quot; ringing in the album, but the title track and the live favorite &quot;Bad,&quot; which is the only track on the collection that was not released as a single. The three obvious picks off &quot;The Joshua Tree&quot; are here as well, but are somewhat more skippable in this setting.<br />The track list is rather good, if you excuse that the four Rattle and Hum selections (and as much as I adore &quot;Angel of Harlem&quot; and &quot;When Love Comes To Town,&quot; they're a bit unnecessary here) that were just thrown on the end of the disc. The entire section from &quot;Bad&quot; to &quot;Sweetest Thing&quot; works surprisingly well.<br />It's not a bad place to start if you're new to the band, although you may as well just pick up &quot;The Joshua Tree&quot; and &quot;Achtung Baby,&quot; which are far more rewarding experiences. There is only one new track (the live versions of &quot;Bad&quot; and &quot;Bullet the Blue Sky&quot; that the Edge once said would make it didn't), so it's a little light, and the edited versions of &quot;New Year's Day&quot; and &quot;Bad&quot; are just plain annoying, but the track order makes it very listenable regardless.
B00000IBVC|5.0|Apart from the opera itself, which is sublime (we already know that of course), the orchestra is excellent and the singers are from good to very very good. The stage is astonishing, as it was built specially to perform this opera, within the Forbidden City of Beijing (one of its real buildings is used as backstage). The customs, designed by the Chinese people copying the fashion of the Chinese court at the time the plot is supposed to be taking place. The dances are choreographed by a renowned Chinese choreographer. It's a pleasure and a moving experience to listen to Puccini's music of a Chinese story very well performed (it touches you) and not totally seen by occidental eyes, as this performance has been assembled with the collaboration of Chinese people. Do buy it.
B00000258J|5.0|this cd is electric blooze at its finest. I had the Chess stuff. Had the Plantation Recordings and thought I'd heard it all. I stumbled on the earlier reviews of this on Amazon and gave it a shot. I was totally blown away. this music is swampy, hard rocking and soulful. Muddy sounds like he's 25 and the remakes of his Chess stuff are actually BETTER than the originals. (the sacrilege!) I now play this cd literally all the time at top volume...
6304479689|4.0|I seen this video and you can easily see Elvis is the King of Entertainers. My only complaint is the split screen but it is definately a must to have. I can't wait for the release on DVD. I hope it will be out soon.
0002171856|5.0|Amazing book! This book is quality, you will not get a better survival book than this! Survival techniques given by the best fighting force in the world - The English SAS!
6303617719|5.0|This is a little known show that I happened upon when channel surfing one night, and I absolutely fell in love with it! Meg Ryan and Kevin Kline are so awesome in this show! Their characters just highlight everything about the other and provide some very amusing comedy and witty lines. Plus Kevin Kline did a wonderful French Accent throughout the whole show ;) Meg Ryan was absolutely cute and charming in an innocent and happy-go-lucky way, carrying whimsy and humour with her where ever she goes. And Kevin Kline is so witty and fun and utterly French, he's captivating as well as endearing. I especially liked Meg Ryan's character, and how giving and caring she is (the gift at the end). The music is fun throughout the movie, with a song by Kevin Kline at the end, and the scenery/cinematography is wonderful. I liked how the French people in the show spoke French too, so be prepared for subtitles. The plot is cute and romantic and makes for a wonderful, enchanting movie.
0375420525|5.0|I was blown away by this book. Drawn in and hooked, whenever I wasn't reading it I felt I was betraying or cheating on it. I read it in two sittings, yet wished it had been one.  I sat in awe at the gall of the authors daringness, and with glee as I felt all the pieces fall together.  This is daring, intelligent, articulate and absorbing fiction. It does what any good book should do, take the norms and conventions and stretch them, test them, and make you go places with text that you're not used to. he used every aspect of literary and artistic style to bring his vision into being. To the author, if i could say that I had written any book, it would be this one.
B00005K3LU|5.0|This DVD is fun!  If you loved Die Hard, you'll love this and all the dvd extras.  John McTierman's director commentaries are enlightening.The only thing that would have made this better is if Bruce Willis had sat in, instead of the production designer and his gushing about how he picked the wall paper. The special feature where you can edit three scenes from the movie, demonstrate in a small way how many creative decision go into putting together a big Hollywood action flick.  The short special effects documentary is good too.  Richard Edlund talks about how a stunt man screwing up, made a certain cliffhanging sequence better.  Yippie Kayaee!
B0000070QS|5.0|Having bought this album whilst on holiday in Norway, at a fantastic price, I was so grateful that I had finally found it. I loved a-ha in the eighties, but Morten's style on this album is so non-a-ha.  The songs are beatifully worded and extremely moving, and sung by a guy who in my opinion has one of the best voices of our time. I feel this album is very understated and would reccomend it to any one. It has moodiness and emotion in all the songs. My favourites are the haunting rendition of spainish steps and ready to go home, which move me every time. I didn't know what to expect when I heard the album for the first time but now it is in my collection as one of my all time favourites.
B0000072TX|5.0|If you thought the US version was good, the Beatles song will blow you away.  If you aren't familiar with it, its from the Let it Be album (also great).  However this should only be for Pearl Jam hardcores or those willing to spend a little extra money.  Seems like double the price is too steep for one song, but I think it was worth it.
6303334598|5.0|i love this movie. I could probably watch it a hundred times and stil never get tired of it. I say this is a must rent and a must see.
B000003C2S|5.0|CHUCKIE GETS MORE POLITICAL AND THE PRODUCTION IS LIGHTER SOUNDING THAN MOST DEATH ALBUMS. THE SOLO TRADES BETWEEN MURPHY &amp; CHUCK ARE PRICELESS. THIS WOULD BE A GOOD CD TO &quot;START&quot; SOMEBODY ON A &quot;NEAR DEATH&quot; EXPERIENCE. NEAR PEAK OF FORM FROM START TO END.
6301008944|4.0|This is a must see. Evreyone will enjoy this movie. Teens up to adults and even some younger kids. This is a grate and funny movie.
B000003C5C|5.0|CHUCKIE &amp; COMPANY GOT IT RIGHT ON THEIR 2ND TRY. CONTAINS SOME OF THE BEST METAL AROUND, WHATEVER LABEL YOU GIVE IT. NOT AS MUDDY SOUNDING AS SOME LATER CDS BY THEM. &quot;PULL THE PLUG&quot; IS AS GOOD OF A SONG AS YOU WILL EVER HEAR BY ANY GROUP. A MUST HAVE.
B000002J20|5.0|First of all, I don't quite understand the negativism about this recording from both YES fans and critics alike. Ambitious pretentiousness and magnum opus is what progressive rock is all about. No, there aren't any songs like &quot;Roundabout&quot;, &quot;Long Distance Runaround&quot;, &quot;Yours Is No Disgrace&quot;, or &quot;I've Seen All Good People&quot; here. It is YES however, in the tradition of songs like &quot;Cans And Brahms&quot;, &quot;We Have Heaven&quot;, &quot;Close To The Edge&quot;, &quot;And You And I&quot;, and &quot;The Gates Of Delirium&quot;. This was never intended to be a radio friendly recording where the songs occupied three or four minutes of airplay. Rather, this was a GRAND PERFORMANCE meant to be heard in either your living room or bedroom, depending on the time of day or night one would be listening. I prefer listening late at night, while in bed, when all else is quiet. No matter how many times I listen to the songs &quot;The Revealing Science Of God&quot;, &quot;The Remembering&quot;, &quot;The Ancient&quot;, and &quot;The Ritual&quot;; I never quite hear the same song twice. These compositions are so complex and have so much depth that I always hear something I didn't hear before. The music is so very liquid, to say it is always moving and changing. Such ambition and achievement is here. No less mammoth in scope than Pink Floyd's &quot;The Wall&quot;. This is YES with delusions of granduer. Even so,  &quot;Topographic Oceans&quot; is a very fitting name for such a fluid recording. Much the same as is the meaning of the words &quot;Liquid Tension&quot; in The Liquid Tension Experiment.<br />TALES FROM TOPOGRAPHIC OCEANS is by far one of my favorite YES recordings because on one hand it is always the same music, and on the other hand it is never the same music, and this is an understatement. Anyone who can't &quot;dig&quot; or &quot;get into&quot; what YES were doing here, is not a real YES fan nor a real PROG-ROCK fan. Nobody, but nobody, does it like YES did it. I can't think of any other band or recording that even sounds anything like YES. Their music is BOLD, BRILLIANT, BEAUTIFUL, DRAMATIC, AMBITIOUS, PRETENTIOUS, GRAND, ELEGANT, ECSCENTRIC, FLUID, &amp; EVER CHANGING. What more could someone want in a CD?<br />My advice is to purchase the following classic YES CD's in the following order: 1. TALES FROM TOPOGRAPHIC OCEANS 2. CLOSE TO THE EDGE 3. RELAYER 4. FRAGILE 5. YES SONGS LIVE<br />LIVE LONG, BE HEALTHY, PROSPER, AND LISTEN TO WONDERFUL MUSIC! THANKS FOR READING MY REVIEW!
B00000IJPU|5.0|IF YOU NEED ONE IRON MAIDEN CD - THIS IS IT. HI-LITE: OPENING RIFF TO &quot;WASTED YEARS&quot;. ALSO CHECK OUT &quot;ACES HIGH&quot;. PREMIER METAL ACT OF THE 80'S.
B00003CXDZ|3.0|Like A Knight's Tale before it, Moulin Rouge uses anachronistic music to tell its story.  Unlike A Knight's Tale, however, Moulin Rouge actually makes it work from time to time, but it's not enough to save the movie.<br />Set at the famous nightclub in 1899 Paris, Moulin Rouge tells the story of the love between Christian (Ewan McGregor), a young, idealistic writer, and Satine (Nicole Kidman), a dancer who is also the most sought after courtesan at the Moulin Rouge.  Also on hand are artist Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec (John Leguizamo), Zidler (Jim Broadbent), owner of the Moulin Rouge; and the Duke of Monroth (Richard Roxburgh), who is besotted with Satine.<br />Director and co-writer Baz Luhrmann has created a pretty but uneven movie.  The costumes and sets were eye-popping; I only wish he'd decided not to use a Roto-Tiller to edit the movie. Was there a reason why Luhrmann couldn't focus on a dancer for more than one or two seconds?  The first half-hour was particularly tough to sit through, all sound and fury.  The pacing is problematic, too:  after rushing at breakneck speed through the first two acts, the movie lurches from plot point to plot point in the film's final third.  The ending felt both rushed and static:  the final scenes involving Christian and Satine were slow to the point of being inert, but everything else was hectic and jittery.  It felt as if they'd run out of time and couldn't decide how to end it.  <br />There was a remarkable lack of chemistry between Kidman and McGregor, or for that matter, anyone else.  For all of the gape-mouthed guffawing and rivers of tears the movie shows, it just felt icy to me.  I just flat didn't care because the movie's central relationship left me so unmoved.  McGregor seemed earnest enough in his role, while Kidman's doomed, consumptive Satine was beautiful but just too remote for me to warm up to her.  (She also suffers from &quot;Ali MaGraw in Love Story&quot; disease -- the sicker she gets, the more beautiful she gets.)  But boy, she sings and dances as well as any healthy person.  <br />Oh, and if anyone can tell me what purpose Toulouse-Lautrec served in this movie -- aside from rattling on about &quot;the Bohemian ideal&quot;-- I'd sure like to hear it.  Plus, it would have been nice to see more than two minutes of &quot;Spectacular, Spectacular&quot;--they spent almost the entire movie building it up, yet we're shown virtually none of it.<br />Luhrmann also repeats some shots ad nauseam:  the pull-way-back, pan-left, zoom-way-in sequence, for example.  I lost count of the number of times Luhrmann pulled that trick or its variations.   And what was with the annoying sound effects scattered throughout the movie?  If I see a dancer executing several quick jetés, I know he's performing a series of leaps; I don't need to hear &quot;doink-doink-doink&quot; on top of it.  It just took me right out of the moment.  <br />Luhrmann's musical choices are hit-or-miss, as well: some are genuinely cringe-inducing (&quot;Your Song&quot; and especially &quot;Like a Virgin&quot; -- ugh!),  while two are beautiful to the point of transcendence (&quot;Roxanne&quot;, &quot;The Show Must Go On&quot;).  The stars' singing voices are pretty but bland, especially McGregor's and Kidman's.  I ho-hummed through their duets.  Jacek Koman's Unconscious Argentinian, however, possesses a wonderfully rough, passionate voice that brought the pain and misery of &quot;Roxanne&quot; to wonderful, delirious fruition.<br />So, to sum up this too-long review:  Moulin Rouge could have been so much more than it was, but Baz Luhrmann just couldn't pull it off.  And that's a shame.  My grade:  C<br />-terry-
B0000508U6|4.0|I bought this album about three weeks ago and it's been in my CD player ever since.  The first six songs are pretty much as good as music gets.  Absolutely melancholy and beautiful.<br />If you're pining over that girl who's doing you wrong, then listen to this album at your own risk.  It's pretty much guaranteed that the sheer emotional power of Chris Martin's vocals will creep into your heart and set up shop.  And don't sit on your porch at night, staring up at the sky with this album in your CD player.  You'll be there for a good hour, wondering how music can be this gorgeous and this sad.  And you won't be able to get that girl out of your head.<br />It's true that the last four songs drop off a bit in quality, but not by much.  Anytime a band takes on &quot;love gone wrong&quot; themes and makes music as lonely and as beautiful as Parachutes -- well, you just have to tip your hat and say well done.  An incredible debut album from this band.
B000002B7O|5.0|Some works transcend all others. Some cds are so genuine and astounding that to rate them as you would any ordinary cd tends to be misleading, this is (IMO) the greatest single effort in music history, deserving of that elusive 6th star.      Little did we know when this album was recorded in 1981 that it would be Randy Rhoads last. Funny too, because it's as if HE knew, for he is surely playing like a man who wants to leave his mark in 2 scant years (which he DID), one for the ages if you will.      The intensity is so overflowing that it cannot be contained, by the time the 4th track 'Believer' kicks in you realize that no other culmination of musicians could have created something so electric. Other fave cd's of mine, such as Dios' Holy Diver are classics as well in their own right but they do not contain the depth found here.      The magic found between Ozzy and Randy is just something that cannot be explained fully. SATO and Over the Mountain are relentless while the title track lends a sort of madness that is thought provoking but at the same time a near enigma. I often find myself picturing a 3rd album from Randy but I realize things are as they are. Music suffered the greatest loss with Randys death, so please do not compound the issue by not picking up this recording. Here's to you Randy, and thanks so much for the magic and the music.
B000002MG1|5.0|A triumph; a magnificent achievement in pop music...moody, melancholy, but hopeful...a timeless classic from the first play...R.E.M.'s finest work; their great legacy to world pop music
B000001FFR|5.0|This is probably anthrax's best. Though I haven't yet heard state of euphoria, i can already say that STD is better than the other great anthrax albums like among the living and persistance of time. My three favorite songs on this album are A.I.R., Lone Justice, and Gung Ho. I honestly can't find very many things that are wrong with this album. its the first one with joe belladonna and it was a good move for anthrax. The songs are catchy, the vocals are superb, the guitar solos are shreddin, and the album in general is tasteful. If yer an anthrax fan and you dont have this album, you really need to get out there and get it! &quot;You don't know just what you're missing&quot; - A.I.R.
B00003CXE7|5.0|This harsh, violent, yet redeeming account of the glories of ancient Rome and its spiraling plummeting fall is excellent.  The &quot;Caesar-Saga&quot;, and man's inhumanity to man during that era has been told innumerable times on film, but this production is one of the best.  Russell Crowe's gladiator performance is powerful and his &quot;after-death&quot; reunion with his wife and child will touch the innermost core of your beingness.  A fine superb cast illuminates this dark drama.  Engrossing and taut!  Reminiscient of &quot;Spartacus&quot;.  You will cheer the courage of this gladiator's &quot;unconquered soul&quot;.
B0000047CX|5.0|I could go overboard and tell you to buy one of everything Stan Getz recorded in the 1960s -- he is THAT good -- but Getz Gilberto probably rises to the top (even though Jazz Samba is almost equally delightful). Girl from Ipanema and Corcovado by themselves would be worth the price of the album. Add Joao Gilberto's guitar and Jobim on piano and the result is intoxicating. No tension, no ego, just a small ensemble complementing one another in that mellow but uptempo bossa style.<br />I have always found it amusing and fascinating that Astrud Gilberto, whose vocals stay with you forever, was an afterthought (apparently Getz had to insist that Joao Gilberto's wife, who had no professional experience as a vocalist, be included.) The accent, when she sings in English, is distinctive and, far from being a distraction, makes her vocals here especially memorable.<br />Great album -- if you are new to Getz, you will not go wrong with this one.
078401213X|5.0|If you want to see a movie that is at once smart and utterly unique you can't do better than Pi. The film is well described in the Amazon editorial review. Beyond the actual story which takes you to strange dark places in the mind and asks all the right questions about Max's obsession.  The film is a visual and aural delight as it stimulates areas of your brain you didn't know you had to enjoy. You find yourself looking forward to listening to the rythmn of Max opening his battalion of deadbolt and chain locks that still don't quite manage to protect him from the assault of the outside world. And like David Aranofsky's more recent film, Requiem for a Dream, the unique camera devices he constructed add to the films magnificent sense of claustrophobia by placing the camera in places that violate your comfort space. Pi can give you that uneasy feel you might have if a vagrant was standing just a little too close to you in the grocery line. I watched this film my second time with a friend who told me afterward that \\"had he seen it when it first came out, it would have been his favorite film of the year.\\"  Thinking very few people have seen this film,  I have since discovered word has gotten out on it. I am surprised at how many people have seen it and enjoy recommending it. I picked it up brand new from a major retail book chain [....] Not only do you get a great film, the DVD includes two good commentary tracks. One from the director Aranofsky and the other from the actors. Also included are some really interesting behind the scenes segments showing how some of the unique camera work was accomplished. And there is more. Rent if you must but at this price you should just buy it. It must be one of the best DVD values out there. You will definitely earn some cool points with the already initiated once you reveal you have seen the film.  And its a great film to have in your DVD collection for the friend who doesn't want to watch a video because they think they have seen them all.
B0000047CX|5.0|I could go overboard and tell you to buy one of everything Stan Getz recorded in the 1960s -- he is THAT good -- but Getz Gilberto probably rises to the top (even though Jazz Samba is almost equally delightful). Girl from Ipanema and Corcovado by themselves would be worth the price of the album. Add Joao Gilberto's guitar and Jobim on piano and the result is intoxicating. No tension, no ego, just a small ensemble complementing one another in that mellow but uptempo bossa style.<br />I have always found it amusing and fascinating that Astrud Gilberto, whose vocals stay with you forever, was an afterthought (apparently Getz had to insist that Joao Gilberto's wife, who had no professional experience as a vocalist, be included.) The accent, when she sings in English, is distinctive and, far from being a distraction, makes her vocals here especially memorable.<br />Great album -- if you are new to Getz, you will not go wrong with this one.
B00005B6C9|4.0|As the years pass, this reviewer's appreciation for the music of the Bee Gees has steadily increased. No longer seen through the narrow blinders of &quot;those disco guys&quot;, one comes to realize that - with a second look - they have consistently sung, written, and produced some damn good music. With the release of &quot;This Is Where I Came In&quot;, it's apparent that they haven't lost their talents. <br />All of the pre-release press suggested this would be a change of pace for the Bee Gees; this much is evident right from the first listen. There is no pattern in the song styles, making each track individual and unique. Oh sure, there are your &quot;traditional&quot; ballads which are the great staples of their career. But there are songs here that dive headlong into different rock styles, acoustic and electric. There really isn't much of the disco/funk backbeat that dominated much of their music at their peak. <br />The disc gets off to a great start with the title track, with intriguing lyrics and harmonies not found in your typical Bee Gees song. The second track - &quot;She Keeps On Coming&quot; - is a rocker that is mostly annoying to listen to, if only for the repetitiveness of the lyrics. But it gets back to a nice roll through the heart of the track list with &quot;Sacred Trust&quot; and &quot;Wedding Day&quot;. &quot;Man In The Middle&quot; is another one that I find lyrically intriguing; just a solid song with Maurice Gibb on lead vocals. <br />Then comes Barry Gibb's whimsical &quot;Technicolour Dreams&quot;, a fun track I can only describe as sounding very much like an old Vaudeville-type pop song. This is followed by another strong song in &quot;Walking On Air&quot;, highlighted by vocal harmonies and riffing which are eerily reminiscent of the Beach Boys - perhaps a tip of the cap to the incomparable Brian Wilson, whom the Gibb brothers idolize. The other notable track is &quot;Loose Talk Costs Lives&quot;, led by Barry's brilliant falsetto voice. The song hearkens back to their &quot;Saturday Night Fever&quot; ballads. After that, the last few tracks are rather hit-and-miss.<br />The vocal harmonies of the Bee Gees are incomparable, and are in excellent form throughout this disc. Despite the varied styles of songs, they seemed to realize that the harmonies are the focal point of their music, and fortunately they avoided burying the vocals under an avalanche of guitars and synthesizers.<br />Bee Gees fans should be more than pleased with this disc. It certainly tops their last studio release (&quot;Still Waters&quot;), which led off with the great song &quot;Alone&quot; and then fell flat from there. &quot;This Is Where I Came In&quot; is a very strong disc overall, despite one or two clunkers. I would recommend this to Bee Gees fans, as well as those just looking for a different change of pace in their music experience. <br />&quot;This Is Where I Came In&quot; rates four stars; the only thing really keeping it from a full five-star rating is that it does take a few listens to fully appreciate some of the tracks. Some will grab you right from the start, the others sort of grow on you with time.
B000050FEN|5.0|David Fincher has become the one of the leaders in making DVDs the top format. This Platnium Series Edition of Seven is a great example of the way you need to make DVDs.<br />First the extras: There are so many extras they had to unload them on a separate disc! There's all kinds of things in it like deleted scenes that added background on Morgan Freeman's character. It's pretty cool to watch if you want to get a deeper look in to Detective Somerset. There's a whole lot of other cool things to watch that explain the film making porcess, like what was going through Fincher's mind when he did the things he did. The audio comentary is fun. It's Brad Pitt and David fincher watching the movie with some phone in coments by Morgan Freeman that are enlightening. Overall the Extras are stacked. <br />The sound to the movie was completely remixed for this movie. The surround sound is bad as all get out, so if there's any audio fans out there, you'll get your fix. The picture is awesome too. It's nice and clear and the blacks are very rich which is aesthetically pleasing to me. <br />The movie itself is a mater peice of cinema. THe story revolves around a cop who transfers himself to a bad city to work homocide. That's Brad Pitt. His character will be taking over Morgan Freeman's place in the department becasue he'll be retiring soon. They work together on this case that envolves a killer who kills using the 7 deadly sins. Get it? The movie has wicked twists, and it's gritty style leaves you cringing for the next scene. <br />Get this DVD
0064400557|4.0|Fern loves Wilbur, the pig that her dad might  kill because he's so small. Fern convinces her father to let her keep the pig, until he is sent to live on a farm close by. Fern visits him there, but from then on, it's about Wilbur. Wilbur can talk. He makes friends with a spider, Charlotte. When Wilbur is to be killed for ham and bacon, Charlotte discovers a plan to save him. Good book, not great, unless you LOVE animals.
B00000J2KX|5.0|This is by far one of Kubricks best pieces of film direction. Jack Nicholson brings to the screen an unforgetable performance as the possesed psycho who is overcome by the spirits that stay in The Overlook Hotel that he decides to look after with his family over the winter peroid. no one else could have played the part any better than Nicholson himself. Watch out for the unforgetable scene where his character eventually begins to snap and the camera slowly zooms in on his face as he glowers out of the window as his family play in the snow or when he smashes his way through the bedroom door with the axe. The original book that the film is adapted from is more complex and carries a lot more detail but Kubrick manages to deal with this problem and condenses the film while still making it enjoyable and make sense. The supporting cast also do a good job and act magnificantly with Nicholson.
6300213668|5.0|I just want to say i think John Travolta has the cutest dimples ever. And the film isn't half bad either.   The best part however is the music, so i highly recommend the soundtrack as well.   A definite classic.
0783226063|3.0|wow.if you never read the book than you will have know idea what the hell is going on here. they concentrated too much on leto than paul. i guess lynch wanted a strong background and foundation. i must say sting was pretty hot in the movie. but that's besides the point. boy dude this movie is so confusing and i'm just sitting there wondering why don't people just release the full version. dude my lord this movie was confusing. your wondering when  you're watching this okay how the hell can that happen. the book dune is just like trying to explain the reason why we're alive. it's just too full and complex. you should watch the movie if you've already read the book because unlike some movies based on books (like it) this was pretty close to it except for the shorting everything and making the plot seem to easy and making paul look like a stuck up bastard.
B00005LB9O|2.0|The Man Who was brilliant. I hate the RadioHead comparisons. Travis would be a fine band without RadioHead ever existing. They were building nicely between the sound of the first and second. Couldn't put down The Man Who last year. However, this new release is brutal. I've given it plenty of time. The lyrics are trite and sometimes [silly]. I think the Partridge Family had deeper lyrics. \\"What is sad, glad, mad?\\" for example. They should have taken more time, more time, more time to write. Seeing this get a 4 1/2 star average review from listeners makes me wonder. The Man Who is a top 10 release for the last 10 years - they were capable of so much more on this one. They'll be back, I know.
0064407667|1.0|Dear Readers,<br />If you have ever wondered what happens when writers spend too much time in grad school reading theory, then you have an idea of what to expect from this author's texts.<br />All I can say is that if you like to read books with shallow characters, thin plots, unredeeming and perverse themes, and more self-conscious \\"Lemony\\" prose than will fit in one's pitcher, then these books are for you.  Perhaps you can find a way to make lemonade with them.<br />I'm on a new low-acid diet myself.  I am bound to record that these tales are better classified as \\"when post-modern meets camp meets ....\\"  Robert McCloskey showed us in LENTIL that people often want to suck lemons.  In this case, it is the lemons that suck.
0061008079|5.0|I first read this book at least 20 years ago and think it will be a true classic.  It is beautifully written by a very gifted author.  The use of the English language is as joyful to read as Shakespeare, and the story is enthralling.  It is a must for every young woman because it tells of the power of being a woman and the pitfalls.  Voices of the Heart, Bradfords second novel I believe, was also extremely well written.  Unfortunately as she has progressed through the years her story telling and use of the language have turned to pulp fiction.  I wish she would take five years to write another classic!
6300182193|5.0|This movie is very good.it has its violence,and it has its love and romance.This for a die hard Dracula fan and a drama fan.Frank Langella,stars as the dreadful,yet suductive Count Dracula,he travels the world searching for his love.Laurence Oliver stars as vampire hunter Van Helsing who hunts the undead blood lovers down,and Kate Helligan plays the role of a young beauty who becomes Dracula's desire.Along with a great cast and story,this is Dracula as you never seen him.And once you have seen Dracula,you'll never forget it!
B00005B4GU|5.0|I'm writing this review in response to the large number of negative reviews already posted.  While the opinions of those reviewers are certainly valid, I hope they don't encourage anyone to not listen to this wonderful album.  Amnesiac, the latest Radiohead studio release, is one of the best records I have ever heard.  The emotions and musical styles expressed cover a huge range.  Pyramid Song may be the best Radiohead tune ever.  Living in a Glasshouse brilliantly combines Thom Yorke's unique vocal style with breathtaking jazz horn arrangements.  Amnesiac is clearly not for everyone, but give it a chance because you just might fall in love with it like I (and many others!) have.
B000001Y2U|5.0|Ah, Marilyn Manson, claimed to be anti-christ. A person parents like to hate and rebellious teens like to love. Marilyn, who has brought so much controversy to metal that he has changed it for life. Anti-Christ Superstar is a forbidden pleasure. Constricting parents don't want their teens to indulge in the truth. They would rather have them bathe in the dirt of lies. Being against any kind of religon, I can really relate to his hints toward christ, christians, and all that gives us hope. The CD doesn't frighten me, but it stuns you considering the words he is saying are true. The haunting sound effects add a Seven type feel to the album while the words float gracefully out of Manson's lipsticked mouth. Whether you think he is the Anti-Christ or the [fool], one thing is true. He stirs up feelings that not many people want to find in themselves. EVERYONE, LOOK PAST THE MAKE-UP AND FLASHY HYPE TO SEE A TRUE BEAUTY IN MUSIC.<br />-This CD deserves the Shibby Star of Excellence --->  *
0425180638|5.0|I am most impressed with the tone at the beginning of this book. The author really sets the mood as it might well be after such a tramatic event in a person's life. The character of Kay is so much more real because of this. Later the book takes on her usual &quot;cool&quot;. I am a bit disappointed with the quick fix like ending. I feel like she drew the book out so much at the beginning that she had to hurry up and wrap it up at the end. I feel it unlikely the &quot;gorgeous&quot; Jay is hooked up with a real sleazy-type. Not quite the ending it could have been. But still a really good read.
B000002KDO|5.0|This album drives with some of Iommi's best power chording.  After Forever is a classic and one of their better songs. There are two acoustic interludes and Solitude, a slow sad song like Changes on Vol 4 is a great piece. The Album ends with a relentless Into The Void.  One of the best of the &quot;early&quot; period. I think their best work was up to Sabbath  Bloody Sabbath.  A must for Sab fans and hard rock fans in general.
B000002BYD|5.0|(Californication was close, though).  When I first popped it in I was reminded of Nirvana on &quot;Brain of J&quot; then the song became something far different than I expected. It became a slower song then got faster again. All of these songs are works of genious (well, Jack Iron's (ex-Chili Pepper drummer) red dot song is supposed to be funny I think). &quot;Wishlist&quot; is a great song in melody and lyrics. Vedder's wishes all come out as a nuetron bomb, an ornament, and even an alien in a great way. &quot;Do the Evolution&quot; is the best song that Pearl Jam has ever done. It shows that Eddie takes pride in being a human, which is something you don't see in Seattle. The next song is the red dot song which is really weird but funny and you don't skip it for some reason. &quot;Push Me, Pull Me&quot; is awfully weird considering Vedder is talking instead of singing. &quot;All Those Yesterdays&quot; is a happier song that will make you laugh and Eddie even sings &quot;yesterday&quot; like in the classic Beatles' song. The strangest part of the album is a minute after this song is over. This latin sonding instrumental for two minutes ends the album. This is a must have for anyone who likes Seattle grunge and even those who don't.
0316776963|5.0|Reading David Sedaris or listening to him on NPR feels like a guilty pleasure. He's just so funny that it seems somehow wrong to enjoy his take on life so much.<br />But enjoy him I do. It could be his scathing humor, his bizarre family or fascinating life. Sedaris is a great essayist with an eye for the minute and ridiculous and the ability to tell funny, interesting, thought provoking stories of daily life.
B000002IOW|5.0|As the self-designated intellectual and uncompromising progressive rock fan, you might have expected me to hate Rush's synthesizer laden phase that began with Signals and ended with Hold Your Fire. Well, not quite. I love all those albums, and Hold Your Fire especially sits comfortably with Rush's other greats. The 80s was a time when Rush drifted farther away from their progressive roots, and began writing more melodic, groovier songs. Although Presto is very different from the four preceding records, I believe it captures that melodic quality best. It is one of my favorite Rush albums (a list of which you can see in my About You page, should you feel the urge, maybe to understand better where I'm coming from).<br />Lifeson and Lee, who write the music, clearly have an incredible ear for melody. This album is just bursting with hooks...every song features an infectious chorus, an ear-catching guitar lick, or a tuneful arrangement...though, often, it's all of the above. Here, they've toned down on the use of synthesizers, although they are still present, but now they add a subtle texture to the music. Instead of driving the song, they supplement it, like on &quot;Superconductor&quot; where the keyboard helps elevate the song's intensity as they build under the song's catchy refrain. Lifeson's guitar is back in the forefront on many most, although his riffs seem more designed for tight, hooky rhythms and not technical flash or big crunch. Here, it's all about fantastic melodies. There are also a lot of simple piano chords that set a nice melodic foundation on songs like &quot;Available Light.&quot; And lyrically, Peart would be hard-pressed to match the quality here. &quot;The Pass&quot; is some of his most touching writing. Also, his call for environmental awareness on &quot;Red Tide&quot; isn't cheesy like it is with other lyricists who tackle the issue. The song rocks too. I've also noticed &quot;Chain Lightning&quot; doesn't get a lot of praise, but I think it's a great song with an unforgettable melody.<br />I could discuss every song individually, but I don't see the need. Each track is a perfectly crafted song, concise, musically arresting, with superb vocal melodies with an emotional redolence that sometimes evades Rush's music. I must say one thing though. I resent Peart for telling me &quot;The mirror always lies&quot; (from &quot;War Paint&quot;) when basically every other &quot;mirror&quot; song I've heard says the mirror _never_ lies. This makes me screw up the line when I try and sing along. Shucks... But ah well. It's a stupid, dumb complaint, and it doesn't change the fact that this is one of my favorite albums from one of my favorite bands.a great song with an unforgettable melody.<br />I could discuss every song individually, but I don't see the need. Each track is a perfectly crafted song, concise, musically arresting, with superb vocal melodies with an emotional redolence that sometimes evades Rush's music. I must say one thing though. I resent Peart for telling me &quot;The mirror always lies&quot; (from &quot;War Paint&quot;) when basically every other &quot;mirror&quot; song I've heard says the mirror _never_ lies. This makes me screw up the line when I try and sing along. Shucks... But ah well. It's a stupid, dumb complaint, and it doesn't change the fact that this is one of my favorite albums from one of my favorite bands.
0790729628|5.0|Blade Runner was an incredible movie. I have a strange feeling that the world will one day turn out like this. Everything is rock-solid and great in this movie, but I had a lot of trouble understanding a part or two because the Hard-to-Understand Chinese/Japanese/Korean man strapped to the tubes couldn't be understood, or some things were just unexplained. The second time I watched it, I switched on the subtitling, and this helped considerably. Why does the DC have NO special features? For a movie as good as this, there should be at least something...
0553573403|5.0|Altough I do not read a lot of fantasy this book was one of the best I've read.  Like Lord of the Rings, Martin creates a world that seems real, peopling it with characters you want to know more about.  Each chapter is told from another characters point of view. Just as you are completely involved in one storyline, the chapter ends, and you are brought into another, with the stories crossing paths throughout the book. Altough a huge book, I read it in less than a week and have the next book ready to go. I cannot wait to return to the Kings Road and see what is happening.
0780020685|5.0|Great movie.  This was my first of many foreign films. Great plot and superb acting.
052594527X|4.0|I was a bit confused by reading some of the reviews on this book and thought I would write one of my own.  This was an excellent book for me because I could identify with the artist and with the female charcter.  It hadn't occurred to me until I read some of the other reviews, that if you do not do artwork in some form or another, or if you are not a woman, there are certain aspects of this book which could be disregarded.  This was easy to read, not overly desciptive, which was a relief.  It did remind me of a book one might read in school, focusing on the use of symbolism, which was evident throughout.  Something which was sadly lost on one of the reviewers, and something which I thought was essential to understanding the novel and the main character Griet, was the submission, the violation of Griet, the girl with the pearl earring, by the painter Vermeer as he forced her to wear them, even putting them in her ears, painfully, himself.  This act would destroy Griet's position in the household, and change her world.  It mattered not whether she let another man take her after that, for she was already violated, permanently by the painter.  I realize this might be a confusing review.  But like the painting itself, which appears simple, a portrait of a woman against a black background, it has many intriguing details if you take the time to look.
B000002BBY|5.0|This cd is amazing!! this cd was the turn around for oasis. Before this they were known pretty well in the U.K and unknown in the U.S. But this cd made them huge in both countries at that time, and for obvious reasons too. This cd gave us two of the best brit ballads in the 90's &quot;WONDERWALL&quot; and &quot;DON'T LOOK BACK IN ANGER&quot; this cd does have it's low points but the good points on this cd are too good to miss. My personal fav. is &quot;CHAMAGNE SUPERNOVA&quot; only because this is the song that got me in to Oasis. &quot;DON'T LOOD BACK IN ANGER&quot; is a great song too, the use of the piano was amazing and the tiny hint of John Lennon's &quot;Imagine&quot; in the beginning is cool. Besides those three &quot;ROLL WITH IT&quot; &quot;SOME MIGHT SAY&quot; and &quot;MORNING GLORY&quot; are among my favs. Overall it's a great cd and trust me it's worth buyin.
B00003CY5K|4.0|Perfect summer movie...this was fun and uplifting. Reese Witherspoon played the part perfectly...movie was amusing and great fun...she starts out as the perfect dumb blonde until she slowly comes to the realization that there is more to her than she realizes...she has always traded on her beauty and while she is smarter than she knows it slowly becomes apparent to her that life has more in it and she can contribute on a scale she had never counted on...she gets you on her side and you hope she finally reaches her potential. Perfect film to go with your female buddies...guys will enjoy the view but may not get the inside jokes.
B00003CXRP|4.0|Cast Away is the second movie Robert Zemeckis made in 2000, and it's by far his best one. The director is bringing out a lot of worthy films at the moment, and choosing to work with Tom Hanks an awful lot is the right answer to success. So, what makes Cast Away worth seeing? From the trailer, it looks like a guy gets stranded on an island, yes? Well, the movie has a deeper meaning to it - it's about not abandoning what you believe in and never giving up on hope. We've probably all heard that meaning before, but since it is only one actor playing all of it out by himself, it seems somehow more complex and detailed. Tom Hanks' performance is absolutely brilliant; his most memorable yet playing a character that has morals everyone should follow. Helen Hunt isn't in this movie much, but when Hanks and her pucker up, it's one of the most magical moments in the movie. Cast Away is adventurous, daring, sickening and beautiful, I highly recommend it.
B00003CY5H|3.0|Despite the excellent casting of this movie&quot;s &quot;trifecta&quot; of male stars, the story line drags, and fails to build suspense evenly as the crime unfolds.  There are some interesting sequences, however, as the crime is &quot;cased-out,&quot;  but disappointment mounts as the movie comes to a loose and unbelievable conclusion.  Marlon Brando carries the show as a Brando we have never seen before.  Worth viewing not for the story line, but for the performances Brando, De Niro, and Norton.
0451163532|5.0|I had read this book and enjoyed it, and gave it to my elderly father because I thought he would enjoy it too.  He thinks Ross Perot is great.  He read it in three days.<br />It is truly astounding that Mr. Perot pulled off this daring rescue.  In late 1978, with revolution exploding, Perot's two top executives for EDS (Paul and Bill) were arrested in Tehran, Iran, and Mr. Perot's own name was on &quot;Stop&quot; lists at airports, etc.  Mr. Perot went to Iran to visit his men in jail and then managed to get past the passport checkpoints at the airport to fly back out again.  Amazing.  The tale of Paul and Bill's  escape from jail and theirs and other EDS employees escape from Iran is better than any fiction story.<br />I have noticed some other reviewers saying this was not really a rescue.  I wonder if they read the same book I did.  Can you say Bull Simons?
B00000099Y|5.0|Thats what this is. Out of the four Tool Albums released thus far, This one is the greatest. The Hardest. The Angriest. Most importantly the most experimental. All these other reviews are great but Ill just sum it down. Buy this album. Anyone can appreciate it. I mean. Im not just a rabid person who rates everything with five stars either. look at my other reviews. the only other one to get five stars is Snots &quot;Get Some&quot; so...dont take my lightly when I tell you to buy this album....now.
B00004Z459|5.0|Linkin Park is rap-metal. This is a fact. Papa Roach and Limp Bizkit are also rap-metal. However, the assumption that linkin park is the same style as those two bands is an incredible mistake, and one that far too many people are making. Linkin Park are geniuses in their genre. Unlike most other rap-metal bands out there, they create a harmonic combination of aggro-rock, hip-hop and electronic. Each song of theirs is beautfully written with deep, meaningful lyrics that stay in your mind. Here's a look at the songs that grace [hybrid theory]:<br />Papercut-This song is an impressive start, and although it might not be the most intelligently written on the disc, it definitely catches your attention. 7/10<br />One Step Closer-Here's their first single...you've probably heard it by now, and you might agree that the bridge is incredibly annoying and pointless. Oh well...still catchy. 5/10<br />With You-Here's where the album kicks off. Enter the beautifully orchestrated blend of Hahn's sampling and Bennington's vocals, especially on the last chorus. 8/10<br />Points of Authority-This song isn't quite as thoughtful as the others, but it definitely gets your heart pumping. 7/10<br />Crawling-This is a beautiful song...what a pity it had to become a single. I can't stand it anymore because it's so overplayed, but before it was released it blew me away. 9/10<br />Runaway-Enter the lame bridge factor. This song is incredible, don't get me wrong, but once the bridge starts playing and you just want to turn it off. LP really need to work on their bridges...6/10<br />By Myself-Well, you can't win them all. This song is a rap-metal song, but it's a papa roach-ish song that just does some rhyming, screaming, rhyming, screaming. 4/10<br />In the End-This is their new single, and I'm depressed about that. This song is so beautiful with it's melodic piano behind the drums and hip-hop...I change the station when it comes on, so it will never be over-played for me. 10/10<br />A Place For My Head-Here's a really catchy tune that you'll be humming for centuries! Pretty impressive vocals, and great chorus. 8/10<br />Forgotten-This song is pretty impressive, and definitely needs to be listened to. Nothing special compared to the rest of the record, but still pretty mind-blowing. 8/10<br />Cure For The Itch-Even if you don't like techno and electronic, listen to this anyways. It's got a vibrant tune that's pleasant to listen to. 7/10<br />Pushing Me Away-This is their final mind-blower, and it succeeds in a big way. Shinoda doesn't get enough lines in this song, but it's still a great rock song. 9/10<br />Overall, Linkin Park is definitely a band worth checking into. They're completely different from other rap-metal bands, and I'm pretty sure that you won't be dissapointed.
B00004U8P9|5.0|Rocky horror became one of my favorite movies in 1995 when i have heard about it from a friend and i decided to rent it. i was expecting a horror movie(espically by the video box) and instead i got a wonderfully bizzar good time that had me singing the time warp untill i went to bed that night. it was just something about this movie that really clicked with me and it really became my favorite movie untill scream came along then it was tied. Anyway incase people dont know by now this movie has been playing for over 25 years in theaters ever friday and saturday night at midnight and has become a nation wide cult phenomena. It has comedy, horror, sex, music, sci fi and rock and roll. what else could you ask for in one night? <br />These Two \\"clean cut kids\\" Brad And Janet have just been engaged to be married and decided to go up to there science professors house to share the news. then in a rain storm they have a blow out. They arrive at this castle and as soon as they arrive zany mayham enters their lives forver. they intrude on a convention of some sort and witness alot of strange people doing the time warp and driving insaaaneee. then they meet a transvestite from another planet who is creating a muscle man for his own pleasures. you are introduced into dr. frank n furters own little sexual bizzar world while everyone including brad and janet break into song. then dr. scott( their college professor) arrives and they are thrown into a bazzar plan by frank to be sent back to transexual transylvania while wearing garta belts and lingere. ...i know this sounds like a cheesy movie..well....it is!! but its alot of fun and VERY popular. see it in the theater to get the full experience. rice, water guns, tolet paper, toast and a **** load of funny adlibs from the aduience a truly fun movie.
6305603847|2.0|Yes, I love the album The Wall.  The movie is interesting to watch, a bit longwinded toward the middle but overall worth a couple hours of time.  The extra features are as spectacular as promised - gotta be at least 4 hours of material on this disc.<br />Unfortunately, no matter what sound configuration I used (including 5.1), the sound mix on my copy was atrocious.  Either the volume had to be all the way up at 85% to hear the dialogue, or 35% to keep the neighbors from complaining about how loud the music was.  For that reason alone, I would not spend money on this product - it's definitely a rent before buy.<br />I really wish I could give this more stars.  The movie is fascinating and the music is superb.  But, like other good movies that could have been great on DVD, The Wall is ruined if the audio track is messy, as mine was.
020161622X|5.0|I've been a programmer for 15 years.  This book confirms all the hunches about the right way to do things, and displays a lot of the things good practicing programmers learn the hard way.  It could easily be titled 'The Professional Programmer' and is required understanding for those who claim to be one. You can learn it the hard way, or read it here.  Of course, you still have to put it into practice.  Great book.
0060229357|5.0|One of those books you won't mind reading over and over again. I loved this book when I was a little kid, and I love it now.
B00003CY5H|3.0|Well well. I'm finally writing a review Rino. I think it's a good idea, and what better movie to do than one I know you're going to be writing as well.<br />First of all, I very impulsively saw this movie. I had no real plans to see it. It was not something I avidly waited to be released. In fact I made fun of it numerous times. It was either \\"Made\\", basically the sequal to Swingers, or this. I picked \\"The Score.\\"  And it was pretty much just what I expected. Some good parts. Some bad parts.<br />Norton was the best part of the movie to me. But first the bad. Brando I thought was mediocre and just pathetic looking. I wish they'd gotten another actor. He was more distracting than anything. Sad, really to see so great a man reduced to what I saw on screen. Deniro was, well Deniro. Ostensibly good as always, but nothing to rave about. I wonder how many moives he does a year? I bet it rivals Samuel L. Jackson. And the best part? Norton. He was a joy to watch for me. His acting is so effortless and reeks of realism. I also found the \\"retard schtick\\" very amusing. He has a real prescence for such an unassuming looking fellow.<br />The movie was shot well enough, aptly done. Good cinematography. There were some good scenes. The opening scene with Deniro and the pot head chick was nice (a good intro that the rest of the movie didn't really live up to), the scene where Norton does a voice over explaining the layout of the place they're about to rob while he plays the retard was good, and the drop off scene in the park with the security company dork was nicely done. Funny and good tension. Simple. The end though, the end wasn't terrible, just sort of...standard. But then I guess it's hard to come up with a really inventive take on a robbery. Again not terrible, but not really engaging either. The twist at the end was not very surprising, but nice nonetheless.<br />And I don't know why Angela Basset was in this movie, other than the fact that Deniro only ... Black chicks and wanted to express this for once in one of his movies.<br />All in all, when all is said and done, when all the ten year old boys are purchased and raped, I give it a B-.d wanted to express this for once in one of his movies. <br />All in all, when all is said and done, when all the ten year old boys are purchased and raped, I give it a B-.
0385335482|5.0|A fun and frothy summer read. Anyone who has shopped too much will recognize a bit of themselves in Rebecca. This was a fast and easy read. I enjoyed it from beginning to end.
B00005B36H|4.0|First off, this disc is great.  You can't deny that.  I would buy this very, very fast.  It's mature, it's moody, it's the kind of disc you can pop in and listen to front to back and feel like it's once fluid piece.<br />It's Tool's 'Dark Side of the Moon'.<br />But...........<br />Tool's progressive efforts here in Lateralus are good, but could be better.  By today's &quot;Metal&quot; standards, Tool just blew everyone out of the water with this.  But, by &quot;progressive&quot; standards, this leaves a bit to be desired.<br />Does that make sense?<br />Tool have upped the level of their play and have stepped into another arena of music.  But, there are many other bands inside this arena and they are doing it better than Tool.  At least right now.  I predict Tool will expand on this and their next disc will be REALLY AMAZING!  Let's hope so.
0060392886|5.0|This book was a real shocker. I love the way this book is organized and the honesty of the band. Each chapter belongs to a single band member or another partner-in-crime and it's interesting to read how each band member fills in the gaps of the others' story - sometimes with a very interesting twist. I honestly didn't want to put the book down. This book is one shock after another. I remember all the major events recounted by the band. Little did I, or as I'm sure most people, know all the dirt that was behind the headlines. I knew that Motely Crue was a party band but I would have never guessed the extent of their decadence. Considering the dregs that they dragged themselves into, these guys should have been dead many times over! Everything they did was to the extreme and just when you think it can't get any worse you are shocked by what they tell you next.<br />I highly recommend this to everyone. I especially recommend this to all aspiring musicians chasing the rock and roll lifestyle - here's a sobering bludgeon from the dark side of rock and roll. Be careful what you wish for...
0380788624|4.0|As a fan of Diamond Age and Snowcrash, I was at first upset that Cryptonomicon took more of a historical track.  But, it did not take many pages before I was as thoroughly gripped by Stephenson's story as I had been before.  Certainly a long book, but an excellent read.  Encryption neophites will definitely learn something as well.  I highly recommend this book.
B0000541AM|3.0|This DVD of the Warriors is yet another print of a movie that should be in everyones library. This is a classic New York Flick that chronicles the life of new york turf gangs in the seventies. There are no real features but the DVD allows for smoother playing and clearer veiwing than a tape would. If you get the DVD it should be for the clear images of the cheesy gimmick gangs and beautifully choreographed street fights. Definately worth look by those that enjoyed A CloakWork Orange.
6305137293|4.0|&quot;Halloween 2&quot; has something that is very rare in sequels: it picks up the exact second that the last one left off. The only other sequels I know that did this were Back to the Future parts 2 &amp; 3.<br />Disagree with me if you like, but &quot;Halloween 2&quot; digs far deeper than it's predecessor. Some things you find out about in this film will make you look at the original in a far different way. Of course, I won't dare give away anything crucial. Also, in this sequel, some rules have been bent. Michael Meyers is back and bigger than ever. He's now invincible, can walk through plate glass doors, and can walk away from explosions, thirteen bullets (two of which go directly into his eyes!), and slamming elevator doors.<br />This time, we start off seeing the ending of the original, where Dr. Loomis (Pleasence) saves our heroine Strode (Curtis) from Michael with six bullets. Michael dissapears, and Pleasence has a really good line right before Carpenter's da-doo-doo-da-doo-doo plays in full, with a new funky 80's sound to it. After that and the credits, Curtis is rushed to a hospital, where Michael tracks her down and starts picking off nurses one by one. Sounds cheesy? It is. But it's really entertaining.<br />In a vain effort by director Rosenthal to make the audiences squirm and see it again, he uses very unique ways to do away with the nurses. Including, but not limited to, disfiguring them in hot tubs, draining their blood out, and taking hypodermic needles to their eyes. Some of this is really sick... but all in good fun.<br />One of the few things that is wrong about H2 is that it tries to up Michael's IQ along with his invulnerability. Early in the film, Michael writes the word &quot;SAMHAIN&quot; on the wall of an elementary school. To know the origin of this word, and to be able to connect it to the date of October 31, requires more IQ than a braindead maniac who's been staring at a wall for half his life. Oh well. It's an intresting approach to show off Michael's bigger and better powers. Also makes you wonder: how did Michael become invulnerable after they have heavily spoken on how human he is. Almost like he sold his soul to the devil or something in between 1 &amp; 2.<br />Oh, well. It's still a lot of fun.
B000059MEK|4.0|This album is not nearly as inventive or danceable as their first release, but I still like it. I don't think this was meant to be taken seriously, it has no pretensions, it's just to enjoy. Daft Punk really know how to give apparently simple music an X-factor of pleasure. It always tries to be accessible. There is not as much to admire from a musical point of view though.
6305807930|5.0|This flick IS Argento's masterpiece, nuff sad. Most claim either Deep Red or Suspiria is his classic, actually THIS is. The story of witches and suspended animation is dazzling! Much superior to Suspiria, and I ADORE Suspiria!!! The ending of this film when Madame Tenebrarum turns into death is a masterpiece!!! See this film, it will blow you away!!!
0060392886|5.0|This is a great book ! A must for all Motley fans. Makes me wish I had been there for even one weekend. Long live the Crue !!!
B00004Z459|5.0|I figured these guys were going to be just a bunch of Limp Bizkit wanna bees before I bought the album.  Well, I was wrong.  These guys are nothing like Limp.  They are great musicians who blended the rap with rock just about perfect.  I heve never heard a dabut album sound so clean and well produced like Hybrid Theory.  There is not one disappointing song on the whole album.  On a Limp Bizkit album there might just be a few good songs, but on this every song is worth listening to.  &quot;Papercut&quot; is a great song to start the cd off with.  &quot;In the End&quot; is probably one of the best if not the best song on the whole album.  In my opinion Hybrid Theory is the best rap-rock album out there right now.  You will not go wrong buying this album, its well worth the money.
B000002MY3|5.0|I think this was an amazing starting point for Alanis, as she has obviously become tremendously successful. Every single track is good, and has an amazing message, and I think we can all infer that that comes so easily for her. By the way, in order to correct a past reviewer, the hidden track &quot;Your House&quot; in not exactly about a girl searching through her boyfriend's house and wanting him to forgive her, it's mainly about her finding a love letter on his bed from another woman, and finding out that he is cheating on her:<br />     &quot;So forgive me, love, if I cried in your shower. So forgive me love, if I sobbed in your bed. So forgive me love, if I cried all afternoon...&quot;
B000056K04|4.0|Not everyone welcomes change. some people wish they could go back to high school to relive their &quot;glory&quot; days. and with DMB fans, some wish they could go back to the days of UTTAD and Crash. well...i've got news for you...you can't. personally...i was getting bored with some older DMB songs and i've been a fan for over 5 years now. and when i listened to the Lillywhite sessions (which some fans worship as the next coming of Christ), i almost fell asleep. the music was, for all purposes, boring and sleepy. not much emotion...it felt like a band just going through the motions. Dave realized this, the band realized this, and called for a change. hence we arrive at &quot;everyday&quot;<br />I admit I was skeptical about this album, but after a couple of times listening to it, i really got hooked on it. it is one of those cd's that can be listened to over and over w/o stopping. the only ofther dave cd that i can listen to all the way through is, ironically, UTTAD, which is a complete contrast to this album.<br />The only real gripe i have with this album is the real lack of the sax and violin. Ballard definitely put a rock/pop edge to this album, and seems to have forgotten two of the most important members in the band(i think Leroi is the most talented of the group). But other than this, &quot;everyday&quot; is a very solid album...and for all those &quot;anti-everyday&quot; fans....loosen up a little and give this album a chance...you just might end up liking it.
6302518423|1.0|I borrowed this from a friend for the score by Nyman.  I must say that it's the only thing I found rivieting in this movie.  One would have to memorize &quot;The Tempest&quot; in order to make sense out of this.  I do believe that Gielgud is one of the greatest actors of all time.  The criticism that one could start at any point in this movie is valid.  I had no sense of thrust or purpose in this film.  It somewhat surprised me since I'm into the more offbeat stuff (Requiem for a Dream, Memento, Twin Peaks, Brazil, Sexy Beast, Incubus, The Trial, anything by Woody Allen, etc.).
B00004Y6RO|5.0|Slipknot rocks.  Weither you like it or not, this is a revolutionary CD because a project like this has never been seen in metal before.  A feat like a 9-man metal band from Iowa successful is not an easy task at all.  They earned there \\"popularity\\" and respect(or hate) from people because of years of touring and dedication.  The first major-record debut is filled with crushing guitars, intense lyrics, great editing, and some amazing drumming, which makes for a totally unique sound not heard anywhere else.  I feel sorry for what the percussionists drums go through when they are on the road.  Tracks 2-7 are just insane and is something that cannot be emulated by a 5-man band.  The new track, \\"Me Inside\\" is great and really shows the diversity of Corey's voice.  Prothesis is my fav. just because of how the intensity is perfectly fused with melody.  Tracks 11-13 seem repetive and similar at first, but they each get more and more tolerable if you have an open mind.  Scissors is the album closer and doesn't disappoint, but you should listen to it after you heard the first 13 songs..  The digipak tracks are not throw away tracks and it gives hardcore fans something new to mosh to.  \\"Get This\\" is a very speedy thrash metal song that will give Slayer a run for their money.  The Spit It Out remix is an intersting on that fans will get a \\"kick\\" out of.  The Terry Date remix of Wait and Bleed is just spectacular and is worth the repurchase itself.  The 2 B-sides are interesting because if you listen carefully, they are blueprints for a couple of album tracks.The live track is also well done and it serves as a good closer.  All the people who say: heh heh...\\"Slipknot [is bad]\\"..\\"They have no talent\\" are some of the most ignorant and dumbest ppl to walk on earth.  This is a classic because you can listen all the way through it months later and still get something new out of it.  I give them a lot of credit because unlike a lot of other RR bands, they are committed to keep therebrutal sound intact and will not mellow out for a little extra cash.  So, in conclusion, this is well worth whatever you pay to get this, and don't forget to download The Heretic Anthem from rr.com while you're online, it's gives you a promising taste of whats to come.
B000002LLC|3.0|If you've seen the movie Dick Tracy, which is almost as overlooked as this album, you know what kind of classic jazz mood you're in for if you buy this CD. When I bought this I expected to be dissapointed by the songs on it that aren't in the movie, but they really are great. &quot;He's A Man&quot; is a great song, and &quot;Back In Business&quot; isn't the same song as the one with the same title that is featured in the movie, but is still pretty good. As for the others, such as &quot;Crybaby&quot;, &quot;Hanky Pankey&quot;, and &quot;I'm Going Bananas&quot;, they serve to put a lot of humor into this collection. The downside is, they might be hilarious, but they get old and you don't want to hear them over and over again. But the rest of the songs never get old. Both versions of &quot;Now I'm Following You&quot; are great (though VERY different), and there are a couple other good songs found on other Madonna albums, the hit &quot;Vogue&quot; and less heard-of &quot;Something To Remember.&quot; This CD never gets old, and I recommend it to anyone who likes something different.
0881030775|5.0|People frequently make the mistake of considering any book that is about children, is written in a style accessible to children, or that has a narrative voice that is speaking as to children a &quot;children's book&quot;, and dismissing it as irrelevant to adults. When they do so, they often miss out on some of the most enjoyable reading experiences available. This book, and the others in this series, fall into that category, just as do &quot;The Hobbit&quot; by J.R.R. Tolkein, &quot;Peter Pan&quot;, by James Barrie, and &quot;Alice In Wonderland&quot; and &quot;Through The Looking Glass&quot; by Lewis Carroll, among others.<br />This book is a delightful story, even if as a non-Christian I did find the Christian symbolism a bit heavy-handed. (The blood-sacrifice and ressurrection of the character intended as a Christ-figure was a bit much.) But even so, and in spite of a couple of minor quibbles, this book still was unquestionably a five-star delight. For those who don't have my level of discomfort with Christian symbology, it should be even more enjoyable. Certainly, if you have children, they should enjoy this story, but even if you don't, don't fail to read it for yourself. It's well worth the attention of an adult.
0789723107|5.0|One of the best books I ever read about this subject. Very easy to read, whit lots of examples and pictures. This book is always open on my desk.
0385335482|4.0|Well, I first have to say that I agree with one of the other readers who also gave it four stars.  I originally had a hard time getting into it as I thought it went ridiculously overboard on the &quot;shopping&quot; theme, and put it down.  But I picked it back up and once I got through the overly shallow beginning and got to know Rebecca, I was totally engrossed.  I am embarrassed to admit I share her same financial woes, and it was refreshing to read about someone with the same problems.  It also revolved around her love life and a job she had no interest in, which I can relate to as well.  It really started to get into her personality and her life and it was very encouraging to see her start to turn her life around.  Can't say much more as it would give it away! But it was funny and interesting and definitely a good buy.
B00005AFVR|1.0|Before Springsteen was against taping his shows (...&quot;all you bootleggers out there in radio land, roll yer tapes, a 1, 2, 3, 4...&quot; some of the best material was found from FM sources.  This was raw, powerful, and uncontrived.  Not that Bruce has totally lost touch with his roots, but his new accent...the country-western twang thing, I mean, where did the Jersey accent go?  &quot;The Rangers had a homecoming in Hawwlum late last night&quot;??<br />Get a hold of some of the popular live stuff from '78 (or earlier!) and you won't believe your ears!
B000002L3P|4.0|If you are a Stevie Ray fan then you have, no doubt at the very least, heard of Kenny Wayne Shepherd.  Many say the heart and soul of pop electric blues has taken roost in the hands of Kenny Wayne and his band the last few years.  The 1997 &quot;Trouble Is&quot; album and hit single \\"Blue on Black\\" put this 20-something guitar slinger on the musical map but, he was going well before that with his first album \\"Ledbetter Heights\\".  Many are now just discovering this 1995 gem and the twelve tracks on it.  The band here is completely different right down to lead vocals compared to \\"Live On\\" but, the sonic effect is still the same, it RIPS!  Kenny scorches the guitar strings while Corey Sterling belts out the lead vocals as Joe Nadeau purls away on rhythm guitar.  Will Ainsworth capably strums the bass as Jimmy Wallace tickles the keyboards and Kevin Smith pounds on the skins.  Eight of the songs were either written or co-written by Kenny so, you know he is no dolt who just covers other's songs real well.  Ledbetter Heights opens with the toe tapping \\"Born With A Broken Heart\\" that will make most any blues fan grin from ear to ear.  \\"Aberdeen\\" is a killer cover that will remind some of Gary Moore's better blues work.  \\"One Foot On the Path\\" is pure roadhouse magic while \\"(Let Me Up) I've Had Enough\\" is the perfect two minute 44 second hit song.<br />The liner notes include some comments from James Brown himself raving about how fantastic KWS is, how much soul he has, and how he is the next-big-thing for a lifetime in the music business.  Another nice touch is a KWS liner note stating \\"I will always be grateful to God for blessing me with the ability to play\\".  Needless to say, this kid has got it together early and I can only hope that even better material will be found to near surfeit in his long, bright future.  In the meantime \\"Ledbetter Heights\\" along with \\"Live On\\" will never be far from my CD player.  You will do well yourself to pick this album up (4.5 stars if Ihad the option) and enjoy as it gets better and better with each play.
0811821846|5.0|i'm a huge SW fan! this is a book filled with cute recipes. this is definately a must have for any SW fan, and it is also great for people with kids
B00003CXDZ|5.0|One of the best movies of the year 2001 dances across the screen as &quot;Moulin Rouge,&quot; the latest film from director Baz Luhrmann, kicks it heels into the air and never stops moving, whether it be a stunningly photographed dance sequence or the sweet incantations of love and adoration. The movie takes a little time in gathering up momentum, but once it gets off the ground, the result is truly amazing and, overall, surprising. <br />In his previous outing, a new spin on the story of Romeo and Juliet, Luhrmann failed by keeping old age dialogue in a modern-day setting. Here, the setting is kept in Paris, 1900, in a section of the city where prostitutes and brothels line every street. Arriving to this desolation is Christian (Ewan McGregor), from England, who hopes to find inspiration for his writing. After meeting four unconventionally dressed men and befriending them, they devise a play together, and decide to take their proposal to the Moulin Rouge, Paris's most well-known hot spot. <br />In his beginning of the movie, including a fantastic opening sequence complete with parting curtain and newsreel titles, Luhrmann casts the city in a dark light, which is completely obliterated once we venture with Christian into the Moulin Rouge. Here, our visual virtuoso director brings on the style and visual acuity, and keeps it coming when you think you've seen all there is to see. With bursting colors, dazzling outfits, and beautifully choreographed dance and song numbers, this portrayal of the famed night club is the best to date.<br />Venturing into the club is a new experience for Christian, whose life is forever changed when he lays eyes on Satine (Nicole Kidman), the club's most popular courtesan. The club's owner, Zidler (Jim Broadbent), plans on using Satine's advances to gain an investment from the Duke of Monroth (Richard Roxburgh). Through mistaken identity, Satine winds up seducing Christian, who begins speaking poetry until she realizes her folly. Once thereal duke arrives, the two of them, along with Zidler and Christian's friends, convince him to invest in a monumental play that would ultimately transform the club into a theatre. <br />The Duke, however, has his reservations. He demands that the deed to the Moulin Rouge be handed over to him, as well as Satine, who has become the object of his jealousy more than his affection. This puts complications on the romance between our two lovers, who soon must come to a crossroads. This, coupled with the fact that Satine is fatally ill, combines in a dizzy, frenzied climax of suspense, passion and truth. <br />All these characters come to life under some very intricate performances, in both the main and supporting casts. McGregor is full of emotion and depth, bringing to life Christian's overwhelming feelings of love for Satine. Kidman is able to carry off Satine's change of heart when she realizes she is in love with honest emotion, along with many other emotional twists along the way. Under the helm of Roxburgh, the Duke is the perfect villain, while Broadbent's Zidler is segues from manipulative to caring. <br />There are so many elements and filmmaking techniques to this film that are completely enamoring and full of vision. The photography and stylized visuals, for one, add to the fast pace of the movie where regular camera tricks would otherwise fail, while the setting-within-a-setting angle wonderfully contrasts the way in which the Moulin Rouge seems so exuberant while the rest of the city appears dull and lifeless. <br />But the real showcase for this film are the intense dance sequences, amazing costume designs, and a modernized soundtrack that shows no shame in showcasing songs from modern artists. This combination of the past and the present works quite nicely, taking such songs as &quot;Diamonds Are a Girl's Best Friend&quot; and &quot;Material Girl&quot; and combining them into a medley to accompany some eye-popping, breathtaking costumes and energetic can-can sequences. <br />The climax of the movie, without giving too much away, is magnificent, one of the best of its kind. It keeps us waiting in suspense, and even once that suspense subsides, the finale resolves in an emotionally charged tour de force of love and devotion. <br />Surpassing many other attempts to bring history and present-day culture together, &quot;Moulin Rouge&quot; is a film that deserves the praise it has received as well as more. Luhrmann has created a postmodern gem that brings out all of our emotions with its superb acting talent, magnificent visual style and visceral energy. One of the best films of the year!
0451160916|5.0|The Shining is one of the greatest romances of the century.  This is a &quot;Cinderella&quot; story of beauty and bounty.<br />When Jack Torrance, an out of work writer who is locked in the midst of writer's block, is offered a unique job, he cannot quite believe his good fortune.  However, it is real, and salvation has found him one more time.  It is with joy and a sense of newly found wealth that he, his wife Wendy, and their small son Danny become the caretakers of the spectacular Overlook Hotel in the magnificent Rocky Mountains near Telluride, Colorado.<br />Their love is renewed as they gaze upon their castle, which shimmers with unnatural splendor in the snowy crystals.  Wendy goes about making the hotel a home, and Danny discovers secrets and learns how to write backwards.  There is a garden maze in true Victorian style that enchants the guests with the animal topiary jungle that lives within the changing labyrinth.  There is a surprise around every corner as the animals shift shapes before your eyes.  Dare to enter, and let your imaginations run free; just remember the way out.<br />The first snowfall brings a crystal enchantment, and the departure of the final guests.  The family will live the winter months together, but not in a one-room dingy city apartment.  Jack writes immortal words of a soon to be American classic.  &quot;Here's Johnny,&quot; gains new meaning as he makes his point with pen, typewriter, and axe.<br />Adventures stimulate your senses while preying on your mind.  The Overlook Hotel retreat is fifty miles from anyone, but they will keep it warm, safe, and lively in this frozen wilderness.  Did I say &quot;safe?&quot;  Ah, well there is the other side to consider...<br />The Shining by Stephen King brings a new meaning to love and commitment.  This is a 5 star keeper, a page-turner of the highest quality.<br />As interpreted by Victoria Tarrani
B000056NX4|4.0|I enjoyed this video.  Not to the extent that I liked _Joseph and the amazing technicolor dreamcoat_, but at least as well as the Jewison version.<br />It has its problems, a Judas without the range for his notes being the main one.  The Cleansing of the temple also felt flat. A couple of songs have been rewritten, and I find the revisions jarring.<br />And no matter how many machine guns they give the apostles, they're still just pretty gay boys in berets.  Every move and expression gives them away.<br />On to the good stuff:<br />The Herod staging is the best i've seen.  It works perfectly with the music style.  I would have liked to see more of the choreography, tho'.<br />Pilate is one scary dude, but doesn't have the compassion or audience sympathy to carry off the end of the scene.<br />Annas is absolutely terrifying.  He puts me in mind of Pink in _The Wall_ after the transformation.  <br />Mary is perfect.  She's beautiful, her voice is spot-on.  <br />Simon Zealotes is cute in a sanitized boy-band sorta way.  he is as representative of the era as the dreadlocked Simon in 73.<br />And yes, it is played as a love story, according to Pradon himself.  That comes through extremely clearly.
B0000062FL|5.0|Like many others, I too consider &quot;Abraxas&quot; to be one of Santana's greatest recordings.  But I have quite a different reason for saying so.<br />When I was about nine years old, I found a cassette recording of this album lying around my house.  I never knew if it belonged to either of my parents, but once I found it, it became mine.  And for quite a while &quot;Abraxas&quot; was my #1 tape until I had played it so much that it was finally eaten by my tape player.<br />I love the sound of the bongos and congas that you find on almost every track.  &quot;El Nicoya&quot; is a drum lover's dream.  <br />I used to play &quot;Singing Winds, Crying Beasts&quot;, &quot;Black Magic Woman/Gypsy Queen&quot;, and the smash hit &quot;Oye Como Va&quot; on a big, beautiful electric organ owned by my paternal grandfather.<br />One of my sweetest childhood memories is sitting up my bedroom with my cat while &quot;Oye Como Va&quot; or &quot;Se A Cabo&quot; was playing.  I used to wonder if he liked those songs, since he appeared to be licking himself, rhythmically, to the beat! I also liked to play &quot;Incident at Neshabur&quot;, &quot;Mother's Daughter&quot; and &quot;Samba Pa Ti&quot; on my tape player--at an incredibly fast speed!  You had to be there.<br />Years later, I managed to acquire a new copy of &quot;Abraxas&quot;.  It still makes me remember all those fun times.  Now I have to learn how to play my favorite tracks on my Yamaha synthesizer.
078881172X|5.0|When someone asks &quot;what is your favorite Disney movie&quot; I usually reply, &quot;Beauty and the Beast&quot; or &quot;The Lion King&quot;, as do most people. There is one Disney movie, which almost everyone loves, yet always seems to forget, &quot;Peter Pan&quot;. This is one of Disney's most wonderfully brilliant and magical movies ever. It combines the joy of childhood with the seriousness of growing up. I remember watching it so often that I wore out my video. Anyone of any age can enjoy this film...and will.
0451527712|5.0|The junkyard row &quot;Frankenstein&quot; by Mary Shelley is one of the first &quot;how to&quot; books published.  She addressed the main issue of work force and salary in this highly praised dissertation about successful businesses and creating employees.<br />The work ethics Shelley defined are still in vogue.  She established the law that career comes before impact analysis, scientific experimentation, and love.  Most technicians still follow the advice published in 1818 by working day and night to put together the right solution for their clients regardless of the work environment.<br />Shelley points out that product based solutions fail while standards and protocols create the framework for a universal solution.  Scientists embraced the philosophy to create simply because they could.  Penicillin and the atomic bomb were born from the advancement of science.  With the creation of stem cells, we see that Shelley's work has been implemented and that Doctor Frankenstein does indeed live.<br />However, Shelley does not just address the issue of increasing the work force, but how to manage relationships as the jobs get more stressful.  Donn Gash, editor of Deviant Minds, in his excellent analysis of the true impact Shelley sees regarding the ultimate options for love states: &quot;... what red-blooded heterosexual man would ignore his beautiful fianc&eacute;e in favor of creating another man?&quot;<br />There you have it.  Work comes first.  Before you start your next dot.com business -- read this book.  Find out how you too can increase your team and create a winning strategy.  You cannot go wrong with this 5 star classic trainer.<br />As interpreted by Victoria Tarrani
061313205X|4.0|As with 2061, you'll be disappointed if you spend most of the book waiting for the monolith to appear -- Bowman/Hal/the monolith don't appear until around the last 30 pages. But in the meantime, Clarke shows a fascinating and intelligent vision of the future. I personally went back and forth with Clarke's scientific notes at the end of the books as I passed the appropriate chapters, and Clarke provides some insights into the future that few authors are knowledgable enough to invent -- and all of it is based on present day science. Concepts like the space elevator are shown as plausible, reasonable, and surprisingly useful. As with 2061, you best appreciate the book if you just treat Clarke as a tour guide and prepare for a voyage through a fascinating world. As for the monolith story, you could easily skip 2061 and not miss a beat. (In fact, the book would be slightly less confusing if you did so.) As with the previous books in the saga, this is not a direct &quot;sequel&quot; and it takes some liberties with established history. (If you take everything as fact, Frank Poole was five years old in 2001.) But there are some fascinating insights into the monolith. A series of anticlimaxes proves a little disappointing, but it is followed by a surprising message at the end of the book. (If the end gets you thinking about ID4, you'll appreciate Clarke's notes on that slightly embarassing matter.) Almost certainly the worst of the series, but still a fascinating romp through Clarke's nigh-impeccable vision of the future.
B00003CXA2|5.0|One of the best movies ever!<br />The movie &quot;Forrest Gump&quot; isn't only just a good movie (or book adaptation, whatever you like) but it has an outstanding cast that really makes us feel what is happening on the screen.<br />About the story, there isn't much to say, you have to see it to really understand what it is about and how it is presented. <br />Definitely, this is a movie that everyone must have because it is already one of all-time best movies
157270036X|5.0|I read To Kill a Mockingbird when it was first published.  I was entranced with it then -- I didn't know then that it would become a classic.<br />Now, so many years later, I have read it again by listening to the unabridged audiobook.  It is superbly done -- Roses Prichard is amazing as young Scout Finch, telling her story at once from a child's perspective and yet with such wisdom.  I laughed out loud at times, and was touched by the children's relationships with each other and with mysterious neighbor &quot;Boo.&quot;<br />The lessons they all learn during those southern summers -- some very difficult ones -- are tempered by being told through the eyes of a child.  And you can see this child learning all the time as she observes her mild, gentle and heroic father, Atticus, and how he looks at life.<br />Whether you have read this book before or not, listening to the full-length reading is wonderful experience -- I really enjoyed it!
B00003CX5P|4.0|The events in The Phantom Menace seem so small in restropect by A New hope. <br />Little did we know when The Phantom Menace was first released, that the Trade Federation was a small faction of a larger group of rebellious trade factions that would eventually become the Confederacy of Independent Systems.<br />Nor did we know that during these events, on a far away planet, that millions of Clone Troopers were being created from a deadly bounty hunter and Jedi Master. <br />The Phantom Menace introduces us to the characters that would shape the galaxy in years to come. Queen Amidala (Natalie Portman) is the wise Queen of Naboo who is being silently manipulated by the Sith Lord, Senator Palpatine (Ian McDiarmid). She would later rise to become one of the most influential Senators in the Galactic Senate. Obi-Wan Kenobi (Ewan McGregor) is the Jedi Padawan who thinks he can train the young Chosen One, Anakin Skywalker (Jake Lloyd) against the wishes of the wise Jedi Master, Yoda (Frank Oz).  <br />We also meet a young Jar Jar Binks(Ahmed Best), the character who later becomes an important player in the Loyalist Committee and the Clone Wars. Jar Jar is the last reminder of an innocent galaxy that is about to be gripped by the formidable Empire during the events of Episode III - VI.<br />We also can't forget the introduction of Padme Naberrie and Anakin Skywalker - an introduction that will later have grave consequences for the Jedi and the Galaxy.<br />Although The Phantom Menace may lack some of the more spectactular battle and characters of the later episodes, we must remember that it was all so small and insignificant back then - it was all...innocent.
0316777722|4.0|David Sedaris makes me laugh.  I first heard him reading &quot;The Santaland Diaries&quot; on my local NPR radio station and I was hooked.<br />This book is another one that you can dip into now and again and sample the varying products of Sedaris' offbeat sense of humor.<br />Here he talks about the rigors of learning French (in France), and my favorite story is his description of trying to explain Easter customs in the US (in French) to people from other countries who are also learning French.  A classic!
0151003084|4.0|This is a great book, full of morbid humor and awesome pictures. The only thing that freaks me out is that the only child who is seen after death with an ax in her chest is Kate. Since that is my name, it's kind of scary, but the rest of the book is great. A hilarious book. Truly gorey.
B00005B534|4.0|Think Stratovarius meets Dream Theater.  Nuff said.  Go buy this.
B000056V73|4.0|William Miller want to be a rock-and-roll journalist.  His mother wants him to be a lawyer.  William wins out as he is invited to go on tour with Stillwater, a ficticious R &amp; R band.  He is swept into the world of groupies, &quot;band aides&quot;, drugs, bus rides, and all the trappings of show biz.  One minute he is treated as one of the boys and the next, he is regarded as &quot;the enemy&quot;.  He falls in love with a self-professed band aide who is in pursuit of one of the band members who is already married.  The music and the interaction between characters is believable and sometimes touching.  Performances by Fugit, Kate Hudson, and Billy Crudup are excellent.
B000002MFN|5.0|Well, out of most of Madonna's albums, I would say that this one is the most experimental and club-friendly. All facets of relationships, lust, sex, and what-have-you are covered on here in a very typical Madonna fashion with over 70 minutes of pure enjoyment. If I had to pick some of my favorites they would be &quot;Erotica&quot; meet Madonna's wild side here, &quot;Fever&quot; Peggy Lee did this song, but in my opinion, Madonna's dance version is much better, &quot;Waiting&quot; takes on a kind of rap style, &quot;Thief Of Hearts&quot; about a cheating woman after everybody's man, and &quot;Secret Garden&quot; has a typical jazz ambiance with beautiful vocal style and lyrics. Don't believe all the hype, pick up this album and you'll love it just as much as I do.
B00005BL2A|4.0|Exciter is clearly the best DM effort in recent memory, but that's not saying much when you consider &quot;Ultra.&quot;  Although Ultra had its moments, Dave Gahan wasn't quite ready to give his all as he does on &quot;Exciter.&quot;  Fans looking for sing-along anthems a la &quot;Violator&quot; will be disappointed by the slower, more intricate stylings of Martin Gore on this CD, but after a few listens, a few gems emerge and grow on you.  Where &quot;Ultra&quot; had a number of great songs that didn't hang together as an album, &quot;Exciter&quot; does work as a cohesive piece.  Those that need the arena-rock sing-alongs a la &quot;Personal Jesus,&quot; there's &quot;Freelove,&quot; but one gets the feeling Gore has surpassed his partying days and wants to carry the DM fan to new musical heights, which he does -- if you let him.  Gahan is positively luscious on &quot;Dream On,&quot; and his voice has passion and angst not heard since &quot;Songs of Love and Devotion.&quot;  Casual fans will be disappointed, but give this a listen... and wait for the next release.  Gore &amp; Co. are on the way back after the band's personal travails, and if you've seen the Exciter tour, you'll agree there's the old energy and enthusiasm of tours gone by.  Forgetting what the critics say, DM has been true to the music and hasn't been afraid to veer from the expected.  Let's hope this is a new beginning for a great band.
0425180638|1.0|There was one previous Scarpetta book (I have forgotten the title) that made me annoyed enough to actually write a review - I think this one is worse. What are these people (the author, the publisher, the reviewers) thinking? That we're stupid? I'm going to vote with my feet here and NEVER, NEVER buy another book by this woman who obviously cares nothing about her fans. If she did she wouldn't be commiting this fraud. At least there is ONE improvement - Marino stopped saying &quot;crib&quot;!
B000002UAU|5.0|The genius of Sgt. Pepper's can be simply described in the placement of Paul's \\"When I'm Sixty-Four\\" immediately following George's \\"Within You Without You\\" on the beginning of side two.  \\"Within You Without You\\" draws the listener into a mystical-spiritual struggle to understand our relationship with the world around us and what it means to be a human being.  But just when you can begin to fathom George's succint yet all-encompassing message, those silly/irreverant horns come through on \\"When I'm Sixty-Four\\" and you're immediately consoled by images of quiet old-age tranquility.  What an amazing transition!!!  This album is the closest rock and roll ever got to achieving whatever the hell it was trying to achieve.
B000006O7C|4.0|i give this release four stars due largely to the middle part of the second CD, whose songs are of a quality that causes me to always skip over them. otherwise, this is a really interesting and addictive album. if you've never listened to Grace (or if you didnt like it when you did), don't buy this CD! you'll likely hate it. However, if you already like Jeff Buckley's studio album, this one is worth it. The songs are VERY different from his other music and might be difficult to get used to at first, but they really grow on you. Mostly these songs are much more intense, obsessive-sounding, and generally sort of freakish to the ear. They sound much darker and rougher than what is on Grace. Also, i have to admit, the lyrics (with the exception of New Year's Prayer, Jewel Box, and Satisfied Mind) often seem to make no or very little sense. In that respect it's kind of disappointing, but the music makes up for it. I read somewhere that Jeff Buckley wanted these songs to be part of a &quot;terror&quot; CD. I think that describes them perfectly.
B00004U30D|5.0|This movie always fills me with a certain morbid pleasure that comes through remorse. It shows beautifully the bitterness and dissatisfaction that lies just below the surface of suburban life and sets a dark, heavy air that somehow feels complete and indulgent. It provides a contemplative atmosphere, an intense energy, and beautifully simple imagery. A bit depressing, but American Beauty always feels compltely satifying and somehow logical.
B000002AZ8|4.0|Vitalogy is a work of art. I really like it and i listen to it a lot, but pearl jam has done better. versus and no code were both better than vitalogy, but vitalogy is vital to the pearl jam collection because of a select few songs. those songs are not for you, nothingman, corduroy, better man, and spin the black circle. those songs, i feel, make vitalogy such a cool album. the songs that are just strange are fine, but skippable, like bugs, aye davanita and hey foxymophandle, and songs like tremor christ and satan's bed just dont show what pearl jam is capable of writing. so if you're a new pearl jam fan, wait until you buy ten and versus to get this one and buy no code last. no code is tied with versus for my favorite pearl jam album, but no code is when most stopped listening to pearl jam. strange. oh well. this one's a good buy so check it out and you wont be disappointed.
B000059QYB|5.0|With his bad boy rep and striking looks, many are not aware of the fact that Billy Idol is a very talented songwriter. He has a style that is all his own. I was a big fan early in his career and decided to buy this CD even though I was unfamiliar with his later work.  If anything he got better over the years, in his vocals{which were awesome on &quot;To Be A Lover&quot;} as well as in his songwriting. I love the production and arrangements on these songs. There is not a bad song on this CD. Steve Stevens on guitar and Idol on vocals have always been magic together. The song &quot;Rebel Yell&quot; which they wrote together is a timeless favorite and is done in a great accoustic version included on this CD along with the original.  &quot;LA Woman&quot; which was a standard for Idol at his live shows is a great tribute to one of his influences, Jim Morrison.
0962477060|5.0|This is the most essential book ever published for learning the guitar fretboard.  I have spent hundreds of dollars over the years, learning a great deal from putting together different approaches to the guitar.  Edwards puts it all together in this volume.  The videos in this series are excellent supplements, but the books are a necessity for anyone serious about understanding the guitar.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|Bands change overtime and occasionally try to expand in new directions. This CD shows that the Offspring are talented musicians and just as capable of writing a catchy pop song as a catch punk song. That kind of versatility shows how truly talented these guys are.<br />I still listen to this CD from beginning to end and love the variety.
0385484518|5.0|nice little book to read.  There are many lessons in this book, but one needs to keep the right perspective while reading it.<br />I read it 2 years ago and liked it.  I read it again this month and enjoyed it even more.....<br />This title is in Chinese NOW - with tremendous reviews.
1586210912|4.0|This book gives a brand new perspective on how to view money in general.  I recommend everyone to read this book. <br />But whilst this book gives great insights into how the rich thinks and works, the writing itself is pretty bad.  The author sometimes tell long stories that seem almost irrelevant to the point, making the reading sometimes tedious.<br />Also, the book is fairly vague in its ideas.  Although it tells you how to think like the rich, it doesn't even give you examples of how they accomplished their success.<br />But like the author says, you don't have to write a &quot;best writing book,&quot; you just need to write a &quot;best-selling book&quot;.  The book is a great way to start your journey to better manage your wealth.
B000056K04|5.0|I reckon Dave won't be making too many new fans with this album - especially amongst Uni listeners.  However, for those who listened to DMB during college, have graduated, and moved on a bit, this album has done a bit of the same thing, and should really appeal to long-time fans.   Some folk have compared Everyday's sound to the likes of Peter Gabriel, and there's maybe even a wee bit of Dire Straits' style in there, too. So, at first listen, I wasn't too taken with the album - gone were the more carefree, live-for-today, and at times hedonistic, themes of Under The Table &amp; Dreaming and Crash.  The simple beauty of tracks like One Sweet World doesn't make much of a showing in Everyday. However, what you have instead is a new, deep, rich sound, albeit more produced and contained than before.  It's more electronic, this album - but in the sense of electronic instruments, not the electronic drumbeats or synthesised sounds that seem to be popping up in most new conventional music these days.  Dave's voice is deeper and at times angrier.  Have a listen and you'll see.   It would have been nice to have a new DMB album closer to the old music - but you have to figure that DMB, being the big shots they are now, probably aren't too much in touch with things that inspired that 'old' music, and so a new, 'grownup' album is merrited.  I reckon the previous album, Before These Crowded Streets, was a bit of work caught between the old and new DMB, and, unsure of just which camp it lay in, came out the mediocre and unconvincing album that it was.  Fromt that transition, however, Everyday has it's mind made up, and is decidedly the new DMB. Anyhoo - have a listen.  In fact, have a few, and if you were a DMB listener before, you'll probably grow to love Everyday.
6302814359|4.0|It was hilarious when one zombie was trying to get out of his grave and kept getting steeped on by other dim-witted zombies.  When i first watched this movie when it came out in 1987 when i was seven years old, it scared the living (dead) outta me.  I didn't see the comedy in it.  It made me scared of the night outside for a few years.  But thats watcha get when your dad rents every horror movie at the local video store. A few years ago, i faced my fears and rented this movie again and really enjoyed it.  Anywho, i believe its fun to be afraid every once and awhile. If you liked this flick, you'll enjoy Dawn of the Dead, or any of the three Evil Dead flicks.  later gaters.
0553274503|5.0|When I came across and read this book when I was in my early teens. I found it to have a huge impact in my life. I think it was the first book that I had read and understood the philosophical aspect of it! I was forced to think about the issues regarding technology in the realm of medicine---and I'm still contemplating it. More so every time I reread this novel. And, believe me when I say that my copy is well worn. Mr. Keyes is a treasure and a great writer. I commend him! Since they reissued this book in the 80's and I was able to get my hands on one, I've actually gotten my hands on many to give to my children and friends. It's a keeper for a lifetime as we will always run into these kinds of things we need to think upon and take a stand. It's message is timeless! Which are the best ways of life and who is to play God and decide?
B00002R0MC|5.0|This tells the storey of Bob Marley. Its like a timeline in 4 cds. The 1st CD is his super early stuff befor he was Bob Marley and the Wailers. The 2nd CD is like all the good cuts for like Catch a fire,Natty Dread and Burnin. The 3rd is newer stuff and the 4th CD is the stuff befor his untimly death. God bless his soul. This is amazing, get it! His music appeals to everyone, young and old and me(A 16 year old hip hop head) Rest In Peace Robert Nesta Marley
0140386335|5.0|&quot;Die Unendliche Geschichte&quot;<br />Michael Ende's novel first came to my attention after I had seen the wonderful Warner Bros film in 1984. Just a teenager at the time, I sought out the book and read it. It was fantastic, a book I intended to keep for the rest of my life. But it was a yellowing, cheap paperback re-released off the back of the movie. So one day trawling through the catalogues at Amazon, it occurred to me to check out if the book was still in print. It was. And how.<br />When my copy arrived, I hadn't realised the effort that had been put into its print. The cover art is crisply reproduced with firm hardbacking, but the real surprise was to be found inside; the text is printed in alternating purple (for Bastian's story) and green (for the events within the storybook itself). It's one of those books you want to stick on the shelf and never touch again because you want to preserve its beauty, although well-thumbed books take on an appreciated beauty of their own. I love this book, I would've paid twice the price for it.<br />Hope you enjoy it as much.<br />NOTE: Michael Ende's novel is longer than the film, which was based only on the first half of the book. The translation is the original one by Ralph Manheim. For trivialists, Ende died in 1995, Manheim in 1992.
0385484518|5.0|I saw the review from the New York Times that basically said that basic truism that &quot;We should all love each other.&quot; doesn't stop wars.  So?  I don't think the author, Mitch Alborn, was looking for a Nobel Peace Prize.  This book is a tribute to a kind and courageous man.  His name was Morrie Schwartz and he was Mitch's Professor back when he was attending Brandeis University.  They reunite after Mitch sees Morrie being interviewed on Nightline.  At this point Morrie is dying from ALS, better known as Lou Gehrig's disease.  Althogh his body is wasting away his spirit is as strong as ever. The two met on a weekly basis up until Morrie's death roughly 14 weeks later.  The two discuss matters that touch all of us.  His views on matters such as money, marriage, regrets, and fear are things we can all relate to.  These lessons are not just some philisophical abstractions being delivered by some P.H.D.  These are real world matters being discussed by a man who has had 78 years of experience to back him up.  It is delivered with such love and honesty that it is difficult to not be moved by it.  Some may think that it would be depressing to read about a dying man.  However, the story is not about a sad ending.  It is about the power of the human spirit, and how not even death can defeat it.  I would recommend this book to everyone and anyone.  A great read.  Enjoy!
6305127689|4.0|Watch 'Sleep with Me' and you'll never see Top Gun the same again...<br />Top Gun - on the surface, a militaristic, macho-adrenalin movie with the obligatory love interest. Pure Reagan-era Hollywood. But ONLY on the surface, that is. Read between the lines, as Tarantino did with such infamy, and you'll soon begin to see what's really going on in this film. If you don't see it, watch Sleep With Me, a 1994 movie in which Quentin Tarantino cameos (late-on) at a party and does little more than completely re-interpret Top Gun. It's funny, and probably spot-on. Just listen to Hollywood and Wolfman the first time we see them in the briefing room. If they're joking with their teasing, why is the joke private? Why is the love interest called 'Charlie'? Oh, that's right, because it's short for Charlotte. Of course. We also have the volleyball scene - with Kenny Loggins roaring over the soundtrack that 'after chasing sunsets, one of life's simple joys is playing with the boys' - and the shower scenes. And let's face it, the pilot/navigator relationship is a convenient way of displacing and therefore legitimising the homoeroticism inherent in such 'buddy' relationships. Not forgetting the final shot of the movie, with the boys flying off, loop the loop, into the sunset. And so on...<br />Then when you've rewatched Top Gun, try watching Point Break, Batman Forever, and a few others like that.<br />Regardless of your politics, Top Gun is a fun movie, one of those oh-so 80s films that defined their era - it's usually found in the same collection as Ferris Bueller, The Goonies, St.Elmo's Fire, Dirty Dancing and that sort of stuff.
B00003CY5H|4.0|It's your average caper but the star power alone brings this one to four stars.
0451191153|5.0|I read this when I was 17 and fell in love with it instantly...mainly because it echoed so many things I had always felt, but no one else seemed to share. I had always felt I was much less emotional than everyone else around me. I had always hated that my mother seemed to believe that I owed her something simply because she cared about me. I had always hated, in fact, all those people who felt that they &quot;deserved&quot; things, that they'd been given a &quot;raw deal,&quot; or felt the need to make excuses for themselves. <br />So, in part, I found myself in this book, and I'll always remember it fondly for that. <br />Unfortunately, the underlying philosophy just doesn't hold up. I don't know how Ayn Rand convinced herself that it did, nor do I understand why she called her philosophy Objectivism. Since its entire basis is upon the self, since right and wrong is whatever is best for ME, shouldn't it be called Subjectivism?<br />Read it for what it is: a novel. A fable. A fairy tale. If you share her views, it will be an uplifting experience. But keep in mind that her philosophy is only one of the many lifestyle choices that you can make. It is NOT a moral code; it has no logical basis. Be inspired, but don't get carried away...
0380977281|5.0|When I selected STARDUST, I was looking for a book with a good story line.  The editorial review and spotlight reviews helped me make my selection.  I love adventure tales, and Tristran has his share of great adventures. I love history, and the time settings in the book are clearly spelled out. I love mythology, and this book is a myth-a fairy tale for adults.  I think Neil Gaiman is a good writer because he is clear and concise; he knows how to keep the story moving right along. This is my first book by Neil Gaiman, and it won't be my last.
0684833395|5.0|&quot;No one is trying to kill you,&quot; Clevinger said.<BR> &quot;Then why are they shooting at me?&quot; Yossarian asked.<BR> &quot;They're shooting at everyone,&quot; Clevinger answered. &quot;They're trying to kill everyone.&quot; <BR> &quot;And what difference does that make?&quot;<BR><br />Catch-22 was required reading for my 10th grade English class. My English teacher and I hated each other...when I actually bothered to show up for class, I'd spend the entire period talking to my friends. <br />But she assigned this book and passed it out to the students, one by one. She got to my desk, handed me my copy, and stopped. &quot;You're really going to like this one,&quot; she said.<br />Boy, was she right. This is, by far, the best book I've ever read. I've bought at least five copies since then...I keep lending it to friends, who never return it, and then I have to go and buy another copy. <br />But first, a warning: if you're the type of person that can only deal with nice, logical, by-the-book things, you do NOT want to read this book. The story is told out of order. You'll just get all frustrated.
B00003CXP1|5.0|When I heard my friends talking about this movie I knew I had to see it. Having seen the directors previous movie, Pi, I expected a great movie! Without fail I got what i payed for! An intense, gripping, tragic and insightfull movie that brings 4 people to the brink of their own mortality. Do yourself a favor and check this movie out!
0440178002|5.0|Completely engaging. A beautiful story of Western morality, Eastern philosophy, dignity, betrayal, and marvelously clever war strategy. The characters are all human (even the bad guys are sometimes likable) and the women are sweet, sensual, and brutally manipulative.<br />Read this when you've got a long weekend coming...you won't be able to put it down. Suspense strings you along for hundreds of pages at a time. I read it obsessively and had dreams about samurai for three nights straight.<br />And I love it when I find a book that can open my mind to new ways of thinking, and tell a story at the same time.
0679736646|5.0|Aclaimed electronic composer/electric guitarist Richard Pinhas has pieces entitled Ubik and The Joe Chip Song that probably date from 1983. The Joe Chip Song is in four parts spread throughtout this album D.W.W. Each part's main instrumental source is a string quartet electronically treated in a successively altering, deteriorating fashion. Ubik is a very driving track. Both convey emotional overtones that resonate with this book. On the Cuneiform Records label.<br />Very recent!!!!! :  A new Art Zoyd album with extravagant instrumentation and composition. I haven't heard it yet but this group is so amazing.  The new album entitled:                          u.B.I.Q.U.e. is based entirely on the book. An in French description and conception of this work is available at the Art Zoyd home page. Art Zoyd's own label on Wayside Distribution.<br />I appreciate all the Vintage pressings of PKD's books. The layout and font choices are good.
B00003CY5H|4.0|This movie was too short!  That's my only complaint.  I wish that &quot;The Score&quot; had allotted more time to the development of the main characters and their relationships/histories with each other. For example, I would have enjoyed seeing what other heists Nick had pulled off in the past, knowing what his background was and what made him tick.  All that aside, this was one of the most suspenseful movies that I have ever seen.  I was left chewing my fingertips and wondering how much more edge-of-my-seat anxiety I could take right up until the end of the movie. De Niro as Nick was wonderful in an understated way. Angela Bassett has a small part but you do get to see glimpses of her throughout the film as De Niro's lovely fianc.  Don't want to say more and risk giving anything away, so go see this movie and enjoy!
0451160916|5.0|The Shinning is an absolutely terrifying book. It's Stephen King at full strength. You will watch with horror as Jack Torrance goes totally insane, you will feel both pity and irritation at Wendy Torrance and you'll cheer when Dick Halloran starts his rescue mission.   Killing a child character &quot;on stage&quot; was something a horror no-no until King broke the &quot;rule&quot; with Cujo and smashed it with Pet Semetary and It! and you will fear for young Danny's life. On a side note, The Shinning was one of the few books written in the 70s that let the black character survive!
B00005B36H|5.0|I love this cd. At first it wasn't so great but within a few minutes I found that I loved it. It is a work of art. Nothing about this cd is boring as many people have said but rather differint. YES IT IS DIFFERINT than some of there other work but not some of there less popular songs. I have all the cds and this one is right up there with them all. I listen  to it everyday.
B00000DFRS|5.0|Long accused of so-so music that didn't live up to her glorious voice, Whitney Houston all but silenced critics with this career album, 13 years into said career.  After attempting to ditch the slightly white-bread sound of her first two discs, her last studio effort, I'M YOUR BABY TONIGHT, came off as slightly uneven and just a little disjointed, and as such was for the most part, with the exception of a couple of hits, met with apathy.  Fast forward eight years, and an album no one suspected she had in her.  Granted, the signature power ballads are here, but she's also injected a shot of slinky pop/R&amp;B, thanks in large part to Rodney Jerkins string-drenched production.  The resulting work, which includes 'It's Not Right But It's Okay', remains creative zeniths for both Houston and Jerkins.  Babyface and David Foster also contribute tracks, along with uber-writer Diane Warren, whose work is usually beyond saccharine but in Houston's hands manages to rise above the typically insipid lyrics.  A must for any pop fan, and Houston's most essential recording to date.
B00005N5S5|5.0|WOULD DEFINITELY GIVE THIS TITLE A 6 STAR RATING BUT ONLY ALLOWED 5 STARS MAXIMUM! FINALLY, GIVEN THE SPECIAL TREATMENT IT DESERVES. BEEN WAITING A VERY LONG TIME FOR THIS DVD TO ARRIVE, NOW I CAN HEAVE A SIGH OF RELIEF. BEEN WAITING SO LONG, GUESS I CAN WAIT A FEW MORE MONTHS... ESPECIALLY WITH ALL THE GOODIES IN STORE FOR ALL FANS.
0811826848|5.0|This book is for anyone, new Beatles fan, old Beatles fan, or someone who is not even a fan at all! The insights provided here can prove educational and entertaining too anyone, from their days in Liverpool to the breakup, they relive every moment, and bring you along for the ride. BUY THIS BOOK!
B00003IPFK|5.0|I wasn't so sure I was going to like this mini-series (I'm not much of a Western fan), but then I sat down and watched it.  The characters are charming, the dialogue is engaging, and the acting is superb.  You can't help but like most of the characters in the series; even the bad guys are memorable because of their despicableness and meanness.  One of my favorite parts of the series is the pigs; you gotta like those pigs for following everyone all the way up to Montana.  \\"Lonesome Dove\\" is probably the best Western ever (well... in my opinion at least).  If you are looking for an excellent story with great characters, make sure you watch this little gem.
B00003CXN3|3.0|It seems to me that in the last several years the film industry has completed degenerated in terms of basic competence. Everybody is trying too hard and too many people are involved in any given project, and all the movies end up as mere teasers to what Could Have Been. <br />In this sense, it does not surprise me that Traffic was so lauded. Because it's, you know ... OK. Whereas most movies suck utterly. It's not really great. Not a masterpiece. And though far from brainless, it's nonetheless not as thought-provoking as it probably fancies itself to be.<br />Relatively decent performances, I suppose. I always enjoy Benecio Del Toro, though I couldn't help but feel his character was a bit underdeveloped here. The performance is good (though not overly demanding), but you just never get that into him as a character. It doesn't help that his particular branch of the story is rather confusing. Michael Douglas fits his role like a glove, but it's pretty standard fare for him. Catherine Zeta-Jones is acceptable, but her character's transformation -- which had the potential to be one of the more absorbing aspects of the film -- simply happens too fast, doesn't ring true, and is confusing in certain technical respects. The girl who plays Douglas' daughter -- I've forgotten her name momentarily -- is equally acceptable, and seeing her succumb to debasing herself so thoroughly to maintain her habit is indeed affecting -- but like most everyone else in Traffic, the character herself remained more than a little underdeveloped, and relatively unlikable.<br />In the end, it's not that Traffic was bad. It held my interest. But it just wasn't all that great either. Definitely overrated and self-important.
B000000YG5|5.0|&quot;Two are better than one because they have a good return for their labor.&quot; (Ecclesiastes 4:9)<br />Great things can happen when we gather together with people of like minds who share our affinities, our purpose, and our vision. This album is a case in point. It is a masterpiece if ever there was one. It has symmetry and synergy. It is the work of several individuals who, when combined together, created a sum that is greater than its parts.<br />Bringing together all the pieces on &quot;Saxophone Colossus&quot; must have been one heck of a task... Making it sound as effortlessly excellent as it does must have been something else altogether. This is the work of several gifted musical geniuses who are nearly perfectly united in the spirit of their music.<br />Sonny is amazing on Sax here. I am not an aficionado of Rollins (I am much more familiar with Coltrane and Shorter), but I could not possibly hope to get more from a performer than what Sonny gives here. It is inspiring. This man combines awesome tone and tasteful restraint with the ability to totally cut loose when the music demands it (compare the smooth sounds of &quot;St. Thomas&quot; and &quot;You Don't Know What Love Is&quot; with the rocking &quot;Strode Rode&quot;).<br />The rest of the musicians here a very solid. Tommy Flannagan (piano), Doug Watkins (bass), and Max Roach (drums) are veritable dream team. Roach in particular showcases his great talent in an awesome solo on the last song of the disc.<br />There is not a weak song on &quot;Saxophone Colossus.&quot; The musical selection is courageous. There was a lot of room to make mistakes here--but this group of musicians did not take the opportunity.  All things are brought together into a relentlessly beautiful whole. The result of their efforts is a recording for the ages.<br />I recommend this disc very highly.
0380799006|3.0|This book contains excellent ideas, but it's obvious that its 13 years old. The examples are most useful for the traditional family with at-home mom. I found the cartoons and text a little too simple for my tastes. The concept bothered me a bit because the authors assume that all siblings hate each other. My kids do fight, but they are friends, too. For good ideas on raising siblings try these books: Loving Each One Best and Kid Cooperation (There's a chapter about siblings, but the whole book has ideas that are helpful when it comes to raising more than one.)and The 10 Greatest Gifts to Give Your Children (Not about siblings, but all the ideas covered do apply.)
B00005B36H|2.0|Aenima was an amazing CD. It was just about an inch short of being a perfect album.  The only thing holding it back was the second half, which was too drawn out, and a bit repetitive.  So how's the new CD? Well, let's just say that if you preferred the second half of Aenima to the first, then A) You are very unusual and B) You will like Lateralus.<br />Basically, it's the direction that I was afraid that Tool would take.  The musicianship is flawless, and it's clear that the members of Tool are all experts of their craft.  But this album makes them seem like a well-oiled machine running pointlessly in a dark room.  Every track on this CD is of the &quot;9 minute long song that goes nowhere&quot; variety, and it gets very old about 3 tracks in.  Aenima was great because of tracks like &quot;Stinkfist&quot; and &quot;Eulogy&quot;, songs that not only were complex and intricate, but catchy and fun to listen to at the same time.  There is nothing even remotely catchy on this album whatsoever.  There are only 4 tracks that stand out at all from the whole.  &quot;Schism&quot;, the single, did get stuck in my head, but I suppose it's tough to forget a riff that is repeated without changing more or less for 6 minutes.  &quot;The Grudge&quot; and &quot;Ticks and Leeches&quot; are only memorable because they are very loud, as opposed to the quiet new-agey sound of the rest of the album.  &quot;Parabola&quot; could have been a great Tool song, with a little editing, but the band can't resist interrupting the flow of the song with a pointless quiet interlude.  The rest of the songs are virtually unidentifiable from the rest as they chug along to no climax whatsoever.  The last actual song leaves us hanging mid riff, and the album is concluded by a few minutes of random noise and chaos.  Now that's a brilliant move. Since the only purpose this album serves is putting the listener to sleep, why not totally ruin that by shocking them out of their well deserved slumber?<br />Thereare two reasons this album might be as critically acclaimed as it is: 1) People actually prefer this to the older sound of Tool (in which case, more power to 'em), or 2) Critics didn't pay any attention to the band when they released Aenima, and are making up for it by unjustifiably kissing up to them this time around.  I'm sorry, but this album is a major dissapointment. Maybe if Tool's next album actually contains identifiable songs as opposed to a sludgy malaise of tranquility, I'll be a happy Tool fan once again.  Some people seem to think that music is better if it is not catchy, that good bands are &quot;above&quot; writing songs for people to enjoy, and should just wallow in self-indulgence.  If you feel this way, you will love the new Tool.
B00005JKCT|4.0|This movie literally had me glued to my seat.  The acting is heartwrenching and the music takes on a life of its own.  I deducted a star basically because the garbled accents made it so hard to understand, I missed some of the dialoge.  Watching this film requires patience and a love of youthful dreams and screaming guitars.  I highly recommend it to anyone who savors rock n' roll movies and teenage violence.  It's hard to find on DVD (if it's even been released), but try and get a copy to see for yourself.
B00003CY5H|5.0|This cast does an amazing job of crafting yet another great thief / con / double, triple, quadruple cross film.<br />Other favorites in this genre include &quot;Thief&quot; with James Caan and &quot;Killing Zoe&quot;<br />Ed Norton shines as always and Deniro remains in TOP form as the older safe cracker, Bassette is a great canvas for these two strong actors to play in front of and off of... Brando is also quite strong (quite a change from his most recent appearances)...<br />Frank Oz's calm hand behind the camera is best shown off in a film such as this which moves rapidly between kinetic energy scenes and close up shots of this ensemble cast.<br />Zenjoy.
B000002UAU|5.0|&quot;Sgt. Pepper.&quot;  Those two words are recognized around the world as the defining moment of the 60's, the defining moment of the rock 'n roll era, and, as a British newspaper stated, &quot;A decisive moment in the history of Western Civilization&quot;.  How can anyone not own this album in their collection?  It is quite possibly...no, most assuredly the greatest album of all time, and when I first listened to this album, it was nothing short of a religious experience.  I'm very serious about this.  When I listened to the album, my mind drifted away and it was like I had just watched a wonderful movie...only it was with sound.  But...but it was even more than that.  It was like I had just achieved religious ecstacy...I mean, just go ahead and look at the lyrics to the ever-so-spiritual George Harrison's &quot;Within You Without You&quot;...and if you're looking for a little bit of every sound...this is the album for you.  You get good rock 'n roll (Sgt. Pepper), you get music from the swing era (When I'm Sixty-four), you get Eastern sounds (Within You Without You), you get Early American Piano (Just listen to Lovely Rita!), some 60's avant-garde historic music (A Day in the Life is probably the greatest song that the Beatles ever released, maybe the greatest song ever recorded...just listen to that huge orchestra build-up!), slow, beautiful serenading (She's Leaving Home), and picture-language (Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds).  If you don't own this album, you must, must, MUST get it.  And, to top it all off, it is the most famous album cover-art of all time, no question about it.  Go out, buy this, and be happy...you will have made a decision that might just affect the rest of your life.  Although, what you have to do, is you have to set 45 minutes aside for yourself, because you must experience this album with all the songs together at the same time... you'll love it!  Have fun!
B00003CY5K|4.0|I'm glad I caught this movie today. &quot;Legally Blonde&quot; was very satisfying and gave me quite a few laughs. It plays kind of like a good 80's movie with its &quot;valley&quot; girls, &quot;flashy-pink&quot; tones and soundtrack. I hate giving storylines and plots away so just go see this one for yourself. I had a lot of fun watching it and I recommend it.
B00003CXTG|5.0|I am sailor in the U.S Navy, and for Americans to think that all stories should be written just for the U.S is wrong. I am stationed Spain and I see this movie was made so the world would understand the suffering U.S went threw. The old action war movies where made to make us look like heroes, surprise many country don't buy it. The love story was necessary so we can care for the characters and show the emotions of suffering of the attack. With out that it is cold history book. I think many where expecting old American style movie when U.S end up being the heroes. I am very proud that they made this movie because my Spanish girlfriend finally understands Pearl Harbor suffering. I am a very proud American serving my country and willing to die for it.
B00003CY5H|5.0|I'm not going to tire you with a summary of what this movie is about. I will say this though... SEE THIS MOVIE VERY SOON. Well worth my [price], \\"The Score\\" had me chewing my nails like a maniac. Robert DeNiro was, as always, magnificient. And I just can't say enough good things about Edward Norton. Norton is definitely one of the GREATEST YOUNG ACTORS OF OUR TIME. Great screenplay and incredible direction from Frank Oz. ....
B0000024K1|5.0|Perhaps the greatest rap/hip-hop album ever made, and one of the great albums of any genre. PE rock harder than any of today's gangstas with solid beats and magnificent sound collages that front eloquent raps not about violence, sexism, and nihilism, but empowerment, self-respect, and self-determination. Just as fresh today as it was in 1988. Five times five stars.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|This movie was the best movie I have ever seen.  Great voices, great acting.  I never really liked Nicole until this movie.  I never really knew Ewan until this movie.  He is very cute, and I love his voice.  I love that they did something to the movies never done before.  The dorector make's his movie's so different from others.  I wish I could meet Ewan.  Well, this is my review.  THE BEST MOVIE EVER!
B00003CY5H|5.0|The score is a fast paced thriller that will keep  you guessing from start to finish.  Robert De Nero is the consummate heist man ready for the 'last job.' Marlon Brando does what only Brando can do.  He is  brilliant on the weakling colleague who needs a big score or lose his life because of an extravagant life style.  Ed Norton is the brash young turk who thinks he can out smart anybody.  Well think again Ed.  The movie has as many twitches and turn has you can handle and then adds one more for the kicker.  Outstanding movie.
B000002OX7|5.0|Quite simply,  the Who have always been great.  It's rare to find a Who album that can be called weak.  But even with that in mind,  &quot;Who's Next&quot; is clearly the greatest they have put out,  truly the creme de la creme.<br />Reamastered and with a generous number of bonus tracks,  &quot;Who's Next&quot; is an audio feast.  Always willing to take Rock to the next level,  the Who provide us with a concept album worthy of tremendous praise,  featuring innovative synth,  masterful guitars,  and Roger Daltrey's trademark vocals.<br />The top picks from this album are &quot;BAba O'Reilly,&quot;  &quot;Pure and Easy,&quot;  &quot;Behind Blue Eyes,&quot;  &quot;Water,&quot;  &quot;Won't get fooled again,&quot; and  &quot;Naked Eye,&quot;  although I don't skip tracks on here.<br />If you are even a casual Who fan,  you will enjoy this album.  Buy it,  give it a spin.  You will not be disappointed.
B000002UA9|5.0|excellence in rock n roll interprets to &quot;the beatles.&quot; Any other music is just a footnote to these musicians.You want proof-look at Beatles 1 a reissue of their greatest hits, still a best seller.If you don't own this or other Beatles titles lets just say you don't know music and quality.
B000002G0P|5.0|Extreme's music will simply never fail to please.  They just kept getting better and better over time.<br />III sides to every story is a great album,  probably one of the top 20 albums of the 90's.  Cherone,  Nuno,  and company are back to rock you a third time,  with hard hitters like &quot;Peacemaker Die,&quot;  &quot;Warheads;&quot;  not to mention their trademark funk in the form of &quot;Cupid's Dead,&quot;  or their classic ballad style in the form of &quot;Am I Ever Gonna Change?&quot;  and &quot;Tragic Comedy.&quot;<br />Extreme's music gains a new level of depth with their symphonic stylings,  as well,  which only compliment Nuno Bettencourt's mad guitar skills.<br />So what's not to love?  this is one of the best CDs I've heard in a long,  long  while.
B00003CY5H|4.0|Hollywood heavyweights Robert DeNiro, Marlon Brando, and Edward Norton together with Angela Bassett deliver very nice performances in this beautifully shot, nicely edited, and well directed film.<br />The cinematography is beautiful and even without the cast, the visual elements alone -- the film noir lighting and atmosphere, the elegant and stylish set designs, the framing, and the editing -- make this a very enjoyable film.<br />Although some reviewers comment that DeNiro is on &quot;autopilot&quot; or that he and Norton &quot;phone in their performance,&quot; this is not true at all.  DeNiro delivers a very smooth and appropriately subtle character without going &quot;over the top&quot;.  Likewise, Norton also gives a very good performance.<br />Each character in each film should be viewed on its own merit.  People who are disappointed because they don't see the &quot;fireworks&quot; of DeNiro in &quot;The Deer Hunter&quot; or Norton in &quot;American History X&quot;, frankly, should go see those movies instead.  DeNiro and Norton both are right on the mark for this movie.<br />Marlon Brando brings comic relief with his superb timing and lines that land every time.  Angela Bassett also is very good and shares the scenes nicely with DeNiro, which is no easy task.<br />The heist is a genre that arguably has been overdone and is almost a cliche, but in this film, the direction is excellent and the editing, the pace, and the rhythm all support the suspense and the tension that kept me on the edge throughout.<br />There are a few weaknesses, however.  Although the music score is good at the beginning, by the third or fourth time the same melody appears, it stops being a motif and turns instead into a bit of a bore.  A definite cliche that we can do without is the proverbial computer hacker.<br />All in all, this film provides for a nice movie experience and is worth owning on DVD.  A must see for DeNiro fans.
0792110188|5.0|Im like one writer I have seen the movie 100 times,but I tell my wife that it will be good 101 times. There cant be enough said about John Wayne. There will never be another actor that can come close to the &quot;DUKE&quot;. He can be humorus,serious,and meaningfull all in the same movie. If you hae never seen &quot;ElDorado&quot; I strongly recomend it you wont be sorry.
B00004STPT|5.0|Hace mucho tiempo que una pelcula no produce una banda de sonido perfecta de principio a fin, la msica conmueve a quien la escucha e identifica cada parte de la pelcula sin estar vindola, creo que fu una injusticia que Hans Zimmer no ganara el Oscar por esta obra maestra.
6302732875|5.0|The Alec Baldwin scene alone is worth owning this movie for. Terrific acting by Pacino,Lemon,Harris,Arkin and Spacey. The screenplay sizzles. But in my opinion the 7 minute &quot;motivational&quot; speech by Baldwin steals the show. I bought it...&quot;go and do likewise&quot;.
0380796090|5.0|When Claire's husband announces that he is leaving her for another woman on the very day that she gives birth to their first child, she handles the situation much better than most women would do in real life.  However, she does have her ups and downs over the next few months as she seeks refuge in the home of her parents and younger sisters back in Dublin.  Obviously Claire has enough on her plate to contend with, but her incredibly selfish and incompatable family would be enough to send most people over the rails anyway, regardless of whatever problems they were already dealing with.  Then just as she seems to be doing quite well, her husband turns up in Ireland and starts throwing more spanners into the works.<br />This is quite a journey for a 29 year old woman with a brand new baby and is one well worth reading.  It is very funny but also very touching and was a real page turner for me.  This is my first Marian Keyes novel but I have already ordered her other books and look forward to getting stuck into them too.
0553573403|4.0|Slow starting and with at least six plots at any one time, the urge to put the book down and start something else was a constant desire. But then as the writing style grows on you and the characters become more human and real, you find that you can't put the book down... and then it just stops leaving you to yearn for the next in the series. Great fiction, good storytelling, a bit slow to start but tough it out and enjoy!
B00003CY5H|4.0|Great movie...good story, suspense, and limited action scenes couple by Ed Norton's great acting (and hot ...) and De Niro's...well De Niro is just cool.  Marlon Brando is kind of freaky, though.
0553284347|5.0|In this informative and compelling volume, Dr. Forward lucidly explains the fundamental problems underlying many people's inability to elicit love, support, and understanding from their own parents. Her use of case histories from beginning, confrontation, and healing process illustrates how people can claim true adulthood and release themselves from toxic parental bondage.<br />From those who live with daily emotional reminders of parental abuse to those who believe that they had perfect parents, although sense some inner, unidentifiable resentment, Toxic Parents can help readers to claim their rightful dignity.<br />Do not be put off by the recommendation to confront abusive parents. Forward does not promise or even hint that such parents will understand or apologize. In fact, she makes it very clear that they most likely will deny and explode, but this confrontation is above all for the adult child's progression towards self-definition and emotional independence.<br />Those of you who had parents (or a parent)who abused you in any manner, but whom others considered a paragon of virtue, sweetness and light, this book is especially for you. Dr. Forward emphasizes that the child (then or now) is not crazy or bad, despite what others observe as apparent truth and that it is typical for outsiders to take the parents' side, since they do not have complete information.<br />Not everyone, however, will benefit from Forward's highly practical wisdom. In the unlikely event that staunch authoritarians (Is there any other kind?), including toxic parents themselves, read this book, it will give them hours -- perhaps even years -- of anger, brooding, and denial fodder, for which they should be very grateful.
B00000ING2|5.0|Two things killed this movie at the box office when it was first released: first, its title.  Americans didn't seem to know what a &quot;proxy&quot; was, much less a hudsucking one.  The second was its time of release.  The movie came out in May as an early summer release but was actually a movie that would have been better received at Christmas.  &quot;Jaws&quot; is a prototypical summer film.  &quot;It's A Wonderful Life,&quot; by comparison, would hardly be a summer blockbuster but sets the perfect tone for the holiday season.  Come back in twenty years and you will find that &quot;The Hudsucker Proxy&quot; IS the Frank Capra classic for a new generation.  It is Capra meets &quot;Metropolis&quot; blended with the smart humor of the Coens.  The casting is near perfect.  Tim Robbins is the naive and goofy savant.  Paul Newman is as wonderful a villain as you will find as the evil Sidney Mussberger.  Only Jennifer Jason Leigh takes a bit of getting used to as the tough talking reporter but she will move you by movie's end.  I've had to beg, plead, wheedle and cajole my friends through the years to watch this movie and not let themselves be turned off by its title.  Thus far it's left no one disappointed.
0694003611|5.0|As I have read several other's reviews of this children's classic, I see there are some mixed emotions about it. I can only tell you how my 14 month old nephew responds to it, as it was one of the very first books I bought him. My sister-in-law tells me it's one of his most favorite books. They read it almost every night as she's preparing him for bed. It is very simplistic in it's reading, but perhaps has a rhythmic type flow that really captures my nephew. Or it may also be the alteration of colored and B&amp;W pictures. Whatever it is, my nephew loves it! It has a soothing type of effect on him. In fact, I'll somtimes quote parts of the book to him and he always looks at me and baby jabbers, as if to say he recognizes those words. Essentialy, this book is about the goodnight wishes a little one can relate to and in the process of reading it, I believe contributes to the development of his own speech, just as many children's books do. By the way, I also bought my nephew a stuffed version of the &quot;Lil Bunny&quot; in the book. He loved it. I think he doesn't pay as much attention to it now that he's a little older, because he's so busy exploring other things but, it makes for a nice gift to include with this book. Not too expensive. I realize different children like different kinds of books but, Goodnight Moon is pleasurable and I think it would be worth the purchase.
052594527X|4.0|I recently visited the Vermeer exhibit in NYC and was captivated by the beauty of his work.  I saw this book displayed in the youth section of the library, but because of the subject matter I decided to give it a read, not expecting &quot;great literature&quot;.  I was pleasently surprised by the authors beautiful use of words and although the main character was somewhat contradictory, it was a thoroughly satisfying book.
1563890410|5.0|I was always intersted in reading Sandman but I never got around to picking up an issue. Finaly one day wile I was takeing a regular visit to my local library when &quot;Sandman. Seasons of the mists&quot; caught my eye. So I took it home not really knowing what to ecspect. I love comics. But the titles I read and collect are more along the lines of Spider-man,Spawn,Bat-man ect. (you know the regular fan boy titles)But sandman got me hooked right away. The plot is highy interesting and the art work is very rich. Sandman proves you can have a great story with out the classic &quot;bad guy fights good guy&quot; story type. I personaly enjoyed reading Seasons of the mists and I will continue to read the other stories. I think if you like comics but you just want something more out of them pick this up. A great story for fan boys and non fan boys alike.
B00003CY5H|5.0|First of all, this film stars the great and talented Robert De Niro as Nick, a very smart and intelligent theif.  You never really come across a film with a smart and intellingent thief, of what I've seen anyway.  Then you have the great and talented Ed Norton of &quot;Fight Club&quot; fame as Jack and Brian.  Norton is really Jack in the film but he acts as a mentally challanged man named Brian who works as a janitor in ironically enough, the place where &quot;The Score&quot; is going down.  Then there is &quot;The Godfather&quot; himself, Marlon Brando, as the character Max.  You could call Max the &quot;Comic Relief&quot; the film has to offer.  Max hooks up Nick, brings Jack (Brian) in on it and after tough negoitiating, Nick agrees to do it.  The whole hour and a half sets up for a great and exciting heist.  Along with clever dialogue and plot twists, &quot;The Score&quot; really pays off!  I, as you can tell by now, really enjoyed the film.  Why do you ask?  Because it has all of the main elements I enjoy in a good film.  Its got good dialogue, a feeling which tells you that the screenwriters really but thought into it, plot twists, its not full of action but uses action as a reward for the audience watching the whole setup, and great and talented actors.  What more could you expect from a film?  Thanks for your time.
B00000HYXB|5.0|Blind what?  After some great album, Blind Guardian came back with another super power metal album.  It's an album better than the others, more intelligent, more complete...  It's a 22 songs album an 22 good song with a story... My two favorite sont is Time stand still and Thorn...  but some other song are very good, Nightfall, Mirror, Mirror and ...  Great album, good felicitation for one of the best power metal band I ever ear..
B000002UJQ|5.0|First off, i must say that Radiohead is my all time favorite band. Thom , Jonny, Colin, Ed, and Phil are all my heroes. They make the most remarkable and beautiful music that i have ever heard in my life. <br />Ok computer is an instant classic. It may take some time to get used to tracks such as Climbing up the walls, and Fitter Happier, but from the first listen I knew that songs such as Paranoid Android would be long time favorites.<PSo in conclusion I must say - BUY THIS ALBUM!!!!!!! It is one of the best albums i have ever heard. If you only buy one more album for the rest of your life - buy this one!!! You will not regret it. The music is great, and the underlying theme is just icing on the cake. Buy it and find out what the hell it is that I'm writing about.
1853260193|5.0|Ok, I'm known for rambling and mixing up my thoughts, so here's just a few of my jumbled impressions of Vanity Fair.<br />Firstly- Despite the majority of readers thinking otherwise, the unwilting, witty and yes, selfish Becky Sharp was my favourite character of all. I felt I could really relate to her, which probably says something bad about me here :-S She's the ultimate femme fatale, as I think has been mentioned in another review. She's artful, but lovable, even though the latter is probably a result of the former here. But, most of all, she's real. We all know someone like her, and yes, in my experience, a lot of females have at one point or another strived to be like her. She has that mystique that we all want. <br />Secondly, as has also been mentioned in previous reviews, I feel like Thackeray could just as easily written this saga nowadays. He seems to have a very modern perception of the era. It is also a story that can be taken out of the 1800's and laid over the 2000's. The ideas are just as relevant now as they were then.<br />Thirdly, and yes, this has also been mentioned, although this book didn't make me laugh out loud at every page, it has a more deep thinking, teasing, cynical kind of humour embedded into it. <br />Summing up, I would describe this as a timeless analysis of a group of characters that we can all relate to. It might not be a story that has been put together perfectly (being written in serial form), but its content is excellent, in my opinion. <br />I wouldn't recommend it to anyone but those who have the time and inclination to really think not only about the story, but about themselves, and how they relate to the issues within.
B00001PE4D|4.0|A cute film loosly based upon dangerous liasons but with a younger cast.  The story revolves around the attempt of a brother and sister ( not blood related ) to take revenge and satisfy their libidos.  Sebastian ( played by Ryan Rhillippe trying to immitate the understated style of Malchovitch ) is a young man trying to seduce a young woman on a bet with his sex kitten sister Katherine (played by Sarah Michelle Gellar).  The stakes are his great car against her great body.  To make it a challenge  one of objects of the seduction has just written an artical on why she plans to wait (Reese Witherspoon playing Annette in defiance of the axiom that those who blather about waiting are those no one would want to sleep with anyway) the other is a true innocent that Katherine's boyfreind dumped her for ( unlikely ) and thus her de-flowering is an act of revenge.<br />Most of what happens is predictable, the innocent becomes a bit of a tart as soon as she has a taste of the apple and Annette (who made herself a target with her essay) is ready to give it up as soon as a handsom man shows interest.....<br />Overall, it was a fun little nostalgia trip.
0800177177|5.0|First, I watched the DVD version with the French soundtrack turned on and found it very well dubbed and clear. I loved the women's clothes and thought it interesting how they blended so well into the whole late Victorian decorating style: lush, erotic, sensual, and brightly colored. (The black and white period photos and the fading of colors in old fabrics make us think the period was drab - it wasn't.)  The 19th century knew that just as food tastes better if you are hungry, the erotic is more intense after restraint and repression.  The vampire, both male (Dracula) and female (the women in the castle, Lucy after her death) is the ultimate demon lover, the ultimate forbidden desire. For the Victorian woman , laced into garments so confining she could barely undress without help, her desires caged by draconian customs, her mind denied a serious education, it was an irresistable temptation. I found a lot of humor in the film. Dracula's shadow having a semi-independent existence and Johnathan's stolid attempts to studiously ignore some of his host's odder habits, such as crawling down a stone castle wall like some giant cockroach, was a real hoot as was Anthony Hopkins tongue-in-cheek Van Helsing.
B00000J7SO|4.0|The Poet Laureate of the 20th Century (that would be Bob) has made many changes; in sound, in presentation,in point of view.  The sound on the first CD was indeed horrid, sounding more like a low-quality pirated knockoff than a studio piece.  (Basement Tapes had better fidelity.  Go figure.)<br />Dylan has always come along with a song that is spot-on as to what is going on in my life.  On 'Street Legal' it was &quot;Where Are You Tonight (Journey Through Dark Heat)&quot;.  A real chipper uplifting time in my life, for you who know this tune.  As the last track on the album the fiery guitar riffs just scream away into the fade-out.  (And how come so many really tasty pieces are like that?  Like the piano on Springsteens &quot;Hard to be a Saint in the City&quot; fading out when it was hotter'n blazes, or a lot of Fogerty's work with CCR.)<br />The band members are always superb, playing with Dylan seems to bring that out.  From the playfulness of 'I Think We Better Talk This Over&quot; to the dirge of &quot;Changing of the Guard&quot; the emotions shift darkly.  Dylan, here, is going into an introspective phase.  When he does that he physically alters his appearance, and by doing so shares what is to be expected from this point in his own lifetime of exploring.  Here, he covers himself completely.  He's inside, where are the dark monsters live and the clowns are not funny.  &quot;Blood On The Tracks&quot; sees him coming back into focus, identifiable but still vague.  On &quot;Desire&quot; he was a survivor, restored to full potency and even playfulness; with even wistful passages revealing some iron.  So he was a clear vaquero in close-up.  Here, on 'Street Legal' he's full-figure, man on the street.  Becoming vague again.<br />So take this album as an odd lot of emotion.  Feeling a connection with one song likely means feeling rather cut off from the content of another.  This is an album for pulling tracks off for your own compilations, as each is from good to brilliant in itself, but the album remains curiously compartmentalized.  One thing constant about Bob, he never fails to fascinate.
B00005AFVR|5.0|I have played this CD continuously since I bought it.  It makes me feel like I was actually at the live show and the music is beautiful and uplifting.  Springsteen has been a prolific songwriter and obviously not everyone will get to have their favorite songs included in the album.  However, overall the album is masterful and is infused with comaradarie, celeberating longstanding friendships, and utter joy.  This is one to own and play over and over.  If anything, you will marvel at the energy and exuberance that Springsteen and company bring to every track which sound fresh even though some were written over two decades ago.
0393312836|5.0|This has to be one of the greatest books I have ever read. It is violent in a few places but I have no problem with it. And Burgess's &quot;Nadsat&quot; language is what makes the book. Without it I doubt it would have been all that great. I didn't understand the words at first but after awhile I started learning it and by the end of the book I barely noticed it. Some people are saying the last chapter is sort of a let down. I don't. The last chapter was what made the book great. It showed that people are capable of changing and not being Clockwork Oranges all their life. I strongly recommend reading this book.
B00005BJ2O|5.0|Wow I loved the movie and the soundtrack goes perfectly with it and I love the songs 'Sparkling Daimond' and 'Because we can'. Fatboy Slim is one of my fav Techno artists and I'm seeing him featured on several excellent soundrtacks. I think Nichole Kidman has just turned in to my fav actress after seeing this movie coz it like WOWED me out and was so amazing my actuall reveiw for the movie would be very long so i am just going to say -- this WONDERFUL soundtrack goes perfect with the movie coz they are both absolutely STUNNING!
B000003TAR|5.0|If albums are like books, then IN UTERO should be required reading.  As a picture of Nirvana's sound and vision, it succeeds admirably.  As a portrait of Kurt, it seems almost too personal.  The noise begins with 3 drumstick-clicks and a hugely dissonant guitar chord, seemingly meant to turn off all those &quot;Teen Spirit&quot; people.  After all, the first words we hear are &quot;Teenage angst has paid off well/Now I'm bored and old,&quot; the beginning of &quot;Serve the Servants.&quot;  Cobain at this point seemed intrigued by what he could do to turn off his audience, and this song feels more like the first of 12 cannon volleys.  &quot;Scentless Apprentice&quot; sounds like something belonging on BLEACH (the first album).  This is the sort of punk the band grew up playing, and it shows because they're really good at it.  Let me just say that Freud would've had a field day with &quot;Heart-Shaped Box,&quot; probably the only radio-friendly single to contain a lyric like &quot;Throw down your umbilical noose so I can climb right back&quot;.  &quot;Rape Me&quot; takes the audience frustration idea further, as Kurt puts his most &quot;Teen Spirit&quot;-esque tune with lyrics that can't be played on the radio.  &quot;Frances Farmer&quot; provides another great lyric, in &quot;I miss the comfort in being sad&quot;.  &quot;Dumb&quot; channels John Lennon on a downer binge, with Kurt's most powerful angst coming through a tossed-off, &quot;who gives a ****&quot; voice.  &quot;Very Ape&quot; reiterates the band's punk roots, this time taking a page out of the Pixies' playbook.  &quot;Milk It&quot; is another Sabbath-inspired song, only run through a blender.  The most poignant song here is &quot;Pennyroyal Tea&quot;, a tale of either pregnancy or marital ire.  Now for the kicker: &quot;Radio Friendly Unit Shifter&quot;, which is about as radio-unfriendly as you can get.  After Cobain shreds his vocal cords (what's left of them, anyway) on &quot;tourette's&quot;, we hearhis beautifully self-depricating finale, &quot;All Apologies&quot;.  So what does it all mean?  That's the beauty of IN UTERO, trying to understand the man and the music.  It will take time, but, like all great things in life, it pays off well.  We Love You Kurt!
0716736241|5.0|If after reading of dozens of chemistry textbooks you still have a mess in your head and feeling chemistry is something very tricky, this is the right book to put things on their places.
6305922756|5.0|In its original release, this was a hoot:  at work, we extend the  jokes about the volume knobs on amplifiers that go to 11 to bikes that go to 11 speeds...  In its DVD, the humor continues - - you know the opening DVD menu of &quot;Play&quot;?  &quot;Extras&quot;?  Well, these guys dissect it in the most hilarious way, and NOTHING is taken for granted.  Extras include a voice track where the characters look back at themselves 20 yrs later, plus some outtakes.
B00005B4GU|5.0|I love this album.  Almost every song represents a simple but complete thought and theme.  I've heard a few people call it electronica, but a lot of the piano sounds are done with a beutiful sounding organ, some of that bass tracks are stand up bass and there's still plenty of guitar. I love the mixing of electronic drums with real drums as well.<br />I actually don't care what they used, they pulled it of live and it was better then the album. I think they played 6 songs from Amnesiac at Santa Barbara and they were some of the best songs they did.<br />Truly a great album, maybe even better then Kid A, that's hard to say, but there close. Who wants every album to sound like OK Computer, OK Computer was new, fresh and very good all at the same time.  That's why I liked it, and now Amnesiac is new,fresh and very good as well.
B000002H33|5.0|After Ride the Lightning, (my fave 'tallica album) they released Master of Puppets!  A truly amazing album.  Utter classic songs include 'Master of Puppets,' 'The Thing That Should Not Be,' 'Welcome Home (Sanitarium)' and in my opinion, the best track on the album: 'Orion' which is one of the best instruemtal songs I have EVER heard!  Hammet has an fantastic talent.  The other tracks are also very good espically, Damage Inc and Battery, so really, you can't go wrong with this album.  Buy now!
B0000029DD|5.0|When I bought this CD a year ago, I really only wanted to have it because I liked the songs Grace and Last Goodbye. But then I listened to it, and you just cannot help but fall in love with it. Jeff Buckley's voice is so beautiful and hte songs are so versatile and varied so you hear it in a lot of different lights. It's so sad that he died so young, or it might have been the first of many memorable albums.
B000002H2H|5.0|In my opinion, this is Metallica's best album.  It's got an autumnal atmosphere to it, which is reflected in the songs Call of Kutulu, Fade to Black, For Whom the Bell Tolls etc.  It's a great album to stick on when it's raining, it's strange but it's just got a rainy day feel to it.  Superb.  Pretty much all the songs are classics.  If you are new to Metallica, get 'the black album' but this is probably my favorite of their earlier, heavier stuff.  Sure, Lars Ulrich is Shi-ite on drums (as ever) but the amazing guitaring from Kirk Hammet gloss over it easily.  Listen to the end of Fade to Black - mint, he's almost as good as Slash, you can guess I prefer Guns N' Roses to Metallica!  But, excellent album.
B00004RFFS|5.0|This movie has 5 major  actors/actress in it. Although some were not as big back then but what does that matter. Brad Pitt plays the vampire Louis but is called Louie.Tom Cruise plays Lestra.Together that fed on blood of the humans.Lestra has no problem but Louie does, he fells so guilty by doing this but must to survive. Louie seems to grow apart from Lestra.He wants to leave and get away.Lestra is aware of this so he takes a young child( Claudia who is plays by Kirsten Dunst) and makes her into an 11 yr. old vampire. Louie will never leave her and therefore will never leave Lestra.Together they are a family but Claudia hates Lestra and only wants Louie so what more does she do other then kill the vampire Lestra. Louie and Claudia flee to the countires and end up in Paris. They meet Armand( Antoino Bandareas) Many encounters occur which leaves Louie by himself and in San Fransico where the movie starts and ends.
6305609705|5.0|An absolute must - can't wait to have the new uncut &quot;Apocalypse now&quot; DVD. Beautiful. Even better.
B00003CY5H|4.0|In Brief the movie is a good thriller that somewhat lags in the planning of the robbery, and concludes rather sundenly. However, the cast makes the movie, and it is not a bad saturday afternoon. <br />Deniro, Norton, brando are excellent. Should see it.
6305627401|5.0|\\"Uh-oh,\\" as the film's tagline puts it, is right!<br />From the opening song \\"Mountain Town\\" to the offensively subversive \\"Uncle F,\\" Matt Stone and Trey Parker have created a brilliant satire that just so happens to be one of the best musicals in recent memory.<br />Permenantly skewering the Disney animated films of the 90's early on with one simple song -- the aforementioned \\"Mountain Town\\" sounding like the uncut version of \\"Belle\\" from \\"Beauty and the Beast\\" -- \\"South Park: Bigger, Longer and Uncut\\" moves on, having bigger fish to fry as it sets its sights on censorship with such targets as the government and the Motion Picture Association of America.<br />But censorship isn't \\"South Park's\\" only targets as its scores direct hits on \\"Les Miserables,\\" Microsoft chairman Bill Gates and even a jab at Jar Jar Binks from \\"The Phantom Menace\\" in an obvious last minute inclusion.<br />Cartman, Kyle, Stan and the death-prone Kenny make the jump to the big screen as do all the \\"South Park\\" gang with Winona Ryder, Saddam Hussein and even Satan coming along for the ride.<br />As I said earlier, the music and songs are absolutely fantastic (only \\"What Would Brian Boitano Do\\" falls short), with personal faves being the Oscar-nominated \\"Blame Canada,\\" Cartman explaining why \\"Kile's Mom Is a Big, Fat B\\" and \\"Up There,\\" Satan's big, show-stopping ballad which successfully grinds Ariel and her big, show-stopping \\"Part of Your World\\" from \\"The Little Mermaid\\" into fish food.<br />At times, the film goes to far (especially in the scenes between Satan and Hussein who has died and gone to Hell only to become Satan's lover!) and you find yourself laughing embaressedly inspite of yourself, but taste is not \\"South Park's\\" thing.  Stone and Parker are equal opportunity offenders and make a point of stunning and shocking you into paying attention to their message.<br />If you're looking for a tasteful comedy rent \\"Emma\\" or \\"Sense and Sensability\\" or something.  If you want to laugh yourself silly and don't care how dirty or ashamed you feel about afterwards then \\"South Park: Bigger, Longer and Uncut\\" is definately the film for you.
0671024256|4.0|After reading a book that really moves me I always wonder how an author's brain is wired to develop such an interesting story. Mr. King, in his &quot;On Writing&quot; autobiography, shed some light on what food his feeding his thoughts as he writes his next novel. He shares his history, his thoughts, and anecdotal stories that have provided inputs into his novels, including his recent near-death experience at the hands of a drunk driver. Worth the read.
B00005B36H|4.0|Tool is a good band, and after reading countless rave-reviews for 'Lateralus' you may feel it is a safe cd-investment, I did not. Although the lyrics are smart and inspired, this is a LONG cd with little diversity. Almost every song starts off the same way and the vocals are tough to decipher. It's tough for me to find a &quot;Lateralus-mood&quot; because a cd like this requires a lot of time and patience for appreciation.<br />'Lateralus' has hit #1 on the charts and appeased countless music-critics, perhaps because Tool took a more mainstream approach to non-diverse music. A step in the wrong direction, if you ask me.<br />I reccommend 'Lateralus' to the hardcore fans of Tool, those easily swayed by other peoples' opinions, or those who can decipher(and appreciate) the extensive lyrics on this cd.
0767903862|5.0|Australia is a facinating continent, illustrated by Mr. Bryson's funny, and sometimes poignant stories. Much of Australia is uncharted and unmapped, as told by Mr. Bryson, and confirmed on my own with a discussion with an Australian Army officer this last weekend. I found the story about Mr. Bryson's trip to Ularu upsetting, reading about the &quot;resort&quot; that seems to have sprung up in the middle of nowhere to serve tourism. Mr. Bryson has done an exceptional job melding cultural and natural history into an interesting book.
B00004ZAV3|4.0|I was not born until 1970 but there is no one that can deny the impact the Beatles had upon America.  This CD is long overdue and while I may not LOVE every song, there is such nostalgia that you simply cannot overcome.  This is truly a must have to anyone who likes any type of music.  The Beatles are a classic and transcend decades of strive.
B00003CY5H|4.0|An excellent movie is more than the sum total of its parts. With Robert DeNiro, Marlon Brando, and Ed Norton as protagonists, this movie manages to be quite good, but certainly not excellent. Marlon Brando and Robert DeNiro are surprisingly weak in their respective roles of &quot;the arranger&quot; and &quot;the master thief&quot;, providing characters that are believable but not truly memorable. <br />Ed Norton manages to create a vivid character in his rendition of an ambitious, talented, but novice criminal who has valuable insider information critical to the planned heist. Without Norton's role, I would have probably slept through the movie as DeNiro and Brando were effectively on autopilot. If you are watching this movie to see DeNiro and Brando at their finest, turn elsewhere. <br />This movie showcases Norton who appears 1/4 of the way into the movie, so before his arrival you'll probably find yourself saying to yourself, &quot;This is a really, really slow movie.&quot; But when Norton enters the scene, there is actual tension and dramatic suspense. You'll find yourself caring about the characters, and actively wondering whether they'll be able to pull off the heist. There is even some comic relief in Norton's dual role of the calculating, ruthless criminal on the one hand and the naive, mentally challenged janitor on the other.<br />So, the first 25% of the movie is mediocre. The second 25% of the movie which sets up the heist is good, and the last half is almost excellent. You'll also see some twists in the plot near the end. Overall, this isn't an excellent movie, but it's worth seeing, and you'll probably leave the theatre satisfied.
B00000DLVA|5.0|Unfortunatley the Cardigans decided to split up and go there seperate ways around May 2001, but there music IM sure will always be remembered. This cd in my opinion would have to be there best album yet. In this album there style of music has drastically changed from a fresh 60's pop sound to a meloncholy, depressing type of music. The main singers voice although doesn't really blend in well with there new taste. All the songs are very unique in there own way. I can say my favorite one's are My favourite game, Erase/Rewind and Paralyzed. The rest of the songs are pretty good but they all sort of sound the same, there lyrics have improved a lot more in this album, in ther previous albums there lyrics are pretty tacky and don't make much sense. So take my opinion and buy this album!
B00000I950|5.0|I love ABBA, for me they are the greatest band of the 70's. However, if it wasn't for Angel Eyes and Chiquitita, it would have been the worst album for me. I has two of their greatest songs but also two of their worst songs: The King Has Lost His Crown and Lovers (live a little longer).
B000002P48|5.0|I avoided Skynyrd for a long time because of their &quot;southern pride&quot; image and their use of the confederate flag, etc. But I decided that music is more important than image and decided to pick up their debut album. I was not disappointed at all, this is a great album. It's a terrific set of hard rock/blues rock in the vein of early Allman Brothers Band. Here is my track by track analysis:<br />I Ain't The One - The album opens with a bang with this strong riff rocker. The triple lead guitars are particularly great.<br />Tuesday's Gone - Ahhh, what a great song! I don't know if the term &quot;power ballad&quot; existed in 1973, but this is definitely one. This is my favorite song by LS and one of the album's best songs. Everything is great about it from the lyrics to the guitars to the piano solo. Magnificient.<br />Gimme Three Steps -  Another strong riff rocker, one of the album's highlights. More great guitars.<br />Simple Man - Best song on the album, next to Tuesday's Gone. Simple Man is slow like a ballad, but it's a really hard rocker too. Great lyrics, great music. Excellent song.<br />Things Goin' On - This is a honky-tonk-ish bluesy song with a good beat, but with less guitar than the other songs. Still a good song. Ronnie's twangy vocals get a little bit grating though.<br />Mississippi Kid - Great acoustic blues song, with a cool acoustic lick and a good Dobro part too.<br />Poison Whiskey - Another good riff-rock song. Not quite as strong as the rockers on the first half, but cool still. <br />Free Bird - Well, what needs to be said about this song? It's possibly the most popular rock song of all time next to Stairway To Heaven. Starts out like a ballad, then builds up to a climactic three-guitar attack. Classic.<br />Lynyrd Skynyrd is labeled a &quot;Southern Rock&quot; band, whatever that means, but they're really just a hard blues rock group with a bit of a southern twang. This is a great album and a good choice for anyone who likes blues-based hard rock.
B00000DCHE|4.0|I'm not much of a billy joel fan, but this is really a remarkable album.  Up there with Joni Mitchell's 'Miles of Aisles' as an endearing document to Joel's uncorrupted talent.  <br />Unfortunatley, Joel veered towards schmaltzy commercialism almost immediatley after this album's release (although 'the Nylon Curtain,' which came after this, was pretty good).<br />These songs are personal, almost auto-biographical.  There is romantacism to tracks like 'Summer Highland Falls,' with 'You're My Home' being perhaps the best song Joel has written.
B00005ASOI|4.0|I shudder at the thought of the previous releases of Suspiria. I bought a Fox/Lorber version which was the full nc-17 caliber version of the film presented in it's original theatrical aspect ratio but contained horrendous sound fidelity and video quality. I mean it sounded like someone had sealed glass jars over the actors' lips and had them speak through them. The video looked like a copy of a copy of a copy in EP mode. Yeeesh!! The Magnum video release had improved picture and sound but showed the R rated version in pan and scan. Judging from Anchor Bay's past remaster and/or restoration efforts this should be one dandy DVD. The soundtrack is presented in DD 5.1 EX and DTS 6.1 ES. The transfer is THX certified as well. Hope it lives up to my expectations. This is a very scary movie.
B00000DCHE|4.0|I'm not much of a billy joel fan, but this is really a remarkable effort.  Up there with Joni Mitchell's 'Miles of Aisles' as an endearing document to Joel's uncorrupted talent.  <br />Unfortunatley, Joel veered towards schmaltzy commercialism almost immediatley after this album's release (although 'the Nylon Curtain,' which came after this, was pretty good).<br />These songs are personal, almost auto-biographical.  There is romantacism to tracks like 'Summer Highland Falls,' with 'You're My Home' being perhaps the best song Joel has written.
0060977493|5.0|This book matches all of my criteria for a fabulous read:<br />-the prose is beautiful -the characters feel real -the sequences are described fully -the relationships ring true<br />In a perfect world, this novel would have had something like a legend and some pronounciation assistance.  I never knew how to think to pronounce the main characters names &quot;Rahel, Estha&quot;.  A little background about the geographical area would also have been great.
630018403X|5.0|It is so old fashiond but such a brilliant amazing movie. I loved evrey bit of it. I say this is a must see.
B000001ELF|3.0|Ace Frehley was the inadvertent catalyst of that memorable misstep of all four members of Kiss cutting solo albums at the end of the 1970s. Co-manager Bill Aucoin and bandmate Paul Stanley, desperate to keep Frehley in the band, suggested he cut a solo album to recharge himself but stay in the band; this led to the idea for each member of the quartet to cut a solo disc and then release them together. And it did keep Frehley in the band, at least for a couple of more years, anyway.<br />As it turned out, Aucoin and Stanley's original suggestion might have been best left unaltered - certainly, Frehley's set rocks the best and the brightest and, in the bargain, has the best material. (The Kiss solo albums stand for the most part as little more than offering a taste of what each individual brought into the band for root sensibilities, though each had its occasional moments, particularly bassist Gene Simmons' half-kidding crooning of &quot;When You Wish Upon A Star&quot;.) Frehley's playing is pretty crisp and doesn't date (he was always a better musician than the critics would allow him); unfortunately, he's weaving silk purses from sow's ears and the threading doesn't hold too strongly. Still, you've got to give him credit: he was the only member of Kiss to get anything smelling like a hit from his solo album: &quot;New York Groove&quot; became a minor AOR hit and a deserved one, Frehley's arch stomp-rocker a genial salute to the rock senses in the city where Kiss got together in the first place and, for better or worse, shaped the taste of a generation and rewrote the book on arena rock presentation.<br />To save you a trip elsewhere, here's the skinny on the other Kiss solo sets: Paul Stanley is playing Mr. Big Rock Sex Star to the max; he's too self-conscious to bring it off without the loosey-goose bull kick of his Kiss mates, and he sure as hell needs their knowingness off which to bounce for his better song material. Peter Criss's loving croon of &quot;Beth&quot;was no fluke, but the Kiss trapsmasher should have picked some more truly soulful material to present himself as the Frank Sinatra of hard rock. Gene Simmons's cartoonish stage persona belied a kid who really did buy a lot of the familial cliche of his childhood (the only shock is that he didn't try a vocal version of &quot;March of the Toys&quot;), and it explains an awful lot about both his Kiss role and that he could cut such an endearingly sappy set that was nevertheless as disposable as one of the ketchup packets he'd chew up to spit stage blood.
B00003CXSP|4.0|The first mistake critics and audiences made with Hannibal is comparing it to &quot;Silence of the Lambs.&quot;  It can't be done.  &quot;Silence&quot; was an academy award winner in virtually every meaningful category...It was a masterpeice.  &quot;Hannibal&quot; is not &quot;Silence&quot;, and should not be compared to it.  Obviously if you compare the two, it just doesn't measure up.  You have to look at &quot;Hannibal&quot; as its own film rather than a sequel.  If you look at it like that you will find that &quot;Hannibal&quot; is a very well written, acted, and directed movie.  Give it a chance and take a second look and don't think about &quot;Silence&quot; for awhile.  I think you'll enjoy it more.
B000001EL3|4.0|After three nearly unlistenable studio albums (due to pancake-flat production) and a live album which brought their thick concert sound into one compact place (and, thus, became a best-seller equal to their touring reputation), Kiss - for all their performance success and sudden financial liquidity - were under the gun to deliver a studio album at last that was anything close to equal to their concert prowess. With \\"Destroyer,\\" they succeeded.     Hardcore fans may prefer to dismiss the style of the material - producer Bob Ezrin took an active hand in the songwriting with the band members, and generally seems to have cracked a disciplinary whip with them - but there's no denying the result was extremely listenable and, in a few places, brisk and irresistible: \\"Detroit Rock City\\" and \\"Shout It Out Loud\\" are as anthemic as anything in the Kiss repertoire, not to mention slightly daring, if you reckon with \\"Detroit Rock City's\\" scattered time changes and the band's surprising ability to execute them without a drop.     There are missteps - would it be a Kiss album without missteps? \\"Great Expectations\\" seems more snide than expository; \\"Flaming Youth\\" drops the rock too quickly in its breaks; \\"Sweet Pain\\" is almost a throwaway rocker better left for one of the band's concert encores. But there are also gems - like Peter Criss's sweet ballad, \\"Beth\\" (you can send an awful lot worse into the Top 20 and an awful lot of people did, in fact), delivered with surprising soul; and, like Paul Stanley's gloriously pounding set-closer, \\"Do You Love Me,\\" which brings off the expository need that \\"Great Expectations\\" didn't and rocks like hell in the bargain, right down to that rousing, piano-doubled finale and throwing in Stanley's most effective and full vocal performance. With \\"Alive,\\" they got themselves a hit album. With \\"Destroyer,\\" fans finally got the idea that Kiss could deliver a studio album equal in thrust to their concert performances and nothing would matter but the music.
B000001ELR|5.0|Regrouping from the disaster that was &quot;The Elder&quot; KISS knew they needed to produce something hard and heavy next. In &quot;Creatures of the Night&quot; that's exactly what they did. A big record -- heavily produced, KISS apparently pulled out all the stops to reinvent themselves for the legions of head bangers who may have given up on them after the flops of &quot;Unmasked&quot; and &quot;The Elder.&quot;<br />Starting off on as good a foot as an album can with the near-perfect &quot;Creatures of the Night&quot; this album is almost KISS showing off. Paul's songs are dead on and Gene produces a handful of heavy stomps that are as good as the band has seen. (One also must note the contributions of Vinne Vincent who co-wrote many of the tunes.)<br />The classic track here is &quot;I Love It Loud&quot; but a thundering &quot;War Machine&quot; may be the album's true gem, that or Paul's rocker &quot;Danger&quot; that has somehow gotten lost in KISS's catalogue.<br />&quot;Creatures&quot; wasn't a hit but it deserved to be. This is KISS's defining metal album. Big, loud and tense, &quot;Creatures of the Night&quot; should be a part of any head-banging record collection.
B000056K04|3.0|I was so eager for this cd that I downloaded every song on this album 2 weeks before it came out. I'd have to say that I was very surprised at first. I was expecting another musical masterpiece out of Dave, Carter, Boyd, Stefan, and Leroi. My first reaction was that DMB had turned pop. Songs like &quot;I Did It&quot; and &quot;The Space Between&quot; had nearly ignored the other four members of the band, producing songs to be played on MTV and radio stations. While this sudden media blitz is good for Dave and his band, it isn't good for Dave-heads. After listening to this CD five times, my opinion changed a lot. I found that this was a very enjoyable album to listen to, but it was enjoyable as if this was a totally different band. If I listen to the CD and imagine Dave and his band playing these songs, my heart sinks. I miss Dave's fun and intricate acoustic guitar tunes, like in &quot;Warehouse&quot;. I miss Carter's ability to improvise like at the beginning of &quot;Say Goodbye&quot;. I miss Stefan's elaborate bass in &quot;Crush&quot;. And we can't forget Boyd and Leroi's rockin tunes in &quot;Tripping Billies&quot;. In &quot;Everyday&quot; all of those are gone. Nevertheless, they are replaced by a totally different but nice sound. The song's first track, &quot;I Did It&quot;, was screaming for MTV, which makes long-time Dave fans mad. The second song, &quot;When the World Ends&quot;, is a very good song. With honest lyrics and a conversion of sounds, it is an enjoyable song. &quot;The Space Between&quot; is a very bland song (especially for DMB), but it sounds pleasing. &quot;Dreams of Our Fathers&quot; is arguably the best song on the album with a fast and fun tempo. &quot;So Right&quot; is a very fun and upbeat song, which is rare on this album. &quot;If I Had It All&quot; tells of the downsides of being a star, and is a decent song. &quot;What you are&quot; has a middle-eastern feel, comparable to &quot;The Last Stop&quot;. The song could be described as intense. &quot;Angel&quot; is a very nice sounding song that really grows on you. &quot;Fool to Think&quot; is another that could be argued as the best. I agree with a past reviewer that this song could be &quot;jammed out&quot; in concert for atleast eight minutes, much like DMB's version of &quot;All Along The Watchtower&quot;. &quot;Sleep to Dream Her&quot; is a pretty good song other than the keyboard in the background. That keyboard is another example of how different this album is. &quot;Mother Father&quot; is a great song, featuring Carlos Santana. With a Spanish feel to it, this song gets your foot tapping. The last song on this CD is &quot;Everyday&quot;. This great song is more like songs on Crash, and has a great &quot;good-time&quot; sound to it. Overall, this is not a bad CD, but is too different for most Dave fans to except. To sum it up, this CD will draw new fans in and turn old fans away.
B0000025DV|5.0|I discovered ELO in 1995 when I found the original double-vinyl inside of a cardboard box, COVERED in dust, in a junk store. Once I got it home, cleaned it up, and dug the turntable out of the closet, I was never quite the same. I knew that each song would always be in my head from that day forward, and I couldn't believe that I hadn't heard these songs before.  Sadly, music critics and the radio &quot;gods&quot; have chosen, for whatever ungodly reason, to cast ELO into a cardboard box, to be buried in dust. But ELO's music still shines through, &quot;converting&quot; young people such as myself along the way.   All I will say about &quot;Out of the Blue&quot; is that it is PERFECT... every song, every moment. If you enjoy melodies, ambience, melancholy, and silliness, buy this great work of aural art TODAY!
078322608X|5.0|What a movie! I like the fact that a lot of people i've talked don't like this movie. It makes it more of MY favorite movie. Well, i don't know if it is my favorite but it's close! Terry Gilliam is the one of the most creative minds in film. This also has the best performance by Brad Pitt that you'll see!
B00005IBGQ|5.0|Since Neil Finn has now officially receded into old-fart-dom, and Green Gartside and Difford and Tilbrook are once again MIA, I've been casting around for a replacement pop god, someone to feed my need for great lyrics, catchy hooks, memorable, uplifting harmonies, etc.  Imagine my surprise when Wainwright stepped up to fill the role with the miraculous &quot;Poses.&quot;  I mean, I'd been interested in him since I heard his cover of &quot;The Banks of The Wabash&quot; from the &quot;Myth of Fingerprints&quot; soundtrack, and I liked his first CD, but mostly because it was produced by uber-pop-god Jon Brion.  But &quot;Poses&quot; is something altogether different.  It sounds for all the world like a collaboration between Harry Nilsson, Randy Newman, Peter Allen, Alanis Morissette, Todd Rundgren, and Billy Joel -- yeah, like all of them, and yet like none of them.  It is the the most perfect postmodern pop pastiche (say it three times fast) I've heard in years.  &quot;Shadows&quot; is my personal summer soundtrack, something that soothes the soul while also engaging the brain.  I haven't taken this out of the car CD player since I bought it two weeks ago.  It's that great.
B000002I8D|5.0|I've always liked Phil Collins with his energetic and dynamic presence. What I enjoy about this album is the pure emotion he poured into each song. The lyrics are heartfelt and you can hear the intensity in his voice on each track. <br />&quot;If Leaving Me is Easy&quot; is a beautiful song about coping with the end of a relationship. Very deep. &quot;I Missed Again&quot; has that wonderful horn arrangement. Then there's &quot;In the Air&quot; tonight which has the funkiest and best known drum fill ever heard. It's funny hearing the so-called &quot;story&quot; behind this song. This is what added to the drama and curiosity, consequently making a hit. All one has to do is listen to the words in this song and its meaning becomes crystal clear.<br />Face Value is a must have for any Phil Collins lover. Not only can he play the hell out of some drums, he has some serious soul in his voice. <br />Peace. CLB.
B00000F14B|5.0|Before watching \\"The Music Man\\" on DVD I knew next to nothing about the show's writer/director Meredith Willson.  Thanks to the Shirley Jones-hosted documentary included on disc, I now know he hailed from small-town Iowa.  I appreciate all the more those exquisite little details in the film that turn River City from stock caricature set into living, breathing character.<br />Any movie musical is bound to split into two separate films:  the exquisite musical numbers, with their witty rhymes, elaborately choreographed dance sequences, and impact on the plot; and then the perfunctory, stilted dialogue bits that bridge those numbers (if you want to see this theory in action, rent \\"West Side Story\\").<br />Thanks to Willson, \\"The Music Man\\", however, is perfect in that its linking \\"book\\" portions are just as successful as the musical numbers.  And we're talking some pretty heavy musical numbers too.  Nearly every song in the film is worth memorizing -- if you can manage to catch all the words!  I thought I had them commited to memory years ago, but then I watched the DVD release with the English subtitles on, and realized I'd been missing entire lines -- good lines, too.<br />The DVD presentation is sound.  The audio quality suffers, most notably during the dialogue-only portions.  As I said, the presenttion is \\"sound\\".  The extras are minimal, as to be expected from the perfunctory Warner Brothers back catalogue, but the 30-minute documentary bears viewing and sheds new light on the film.  I'm not sure that a separate commentary track would work here, but I don't have to worry because, as usual, WB doesn't provide one.<br />It can be viewed all at once, or you can skip straight to select chapters and watch the film as a series of music videos, as I did on the first night.  But whatever you do -- don't damage the flimsy cardboard packaging! :)
B00003CY5H|4.0|I really enjoyed this film.  The acting was decent, the story line was interesting and I did not know for sure how it was going to end until it did.  Definitely worth the money.
B0000524E5|2.0|I am so glad I waited to see this movie on cable. 30 minutes into it, I almost changed the channels. But, just like an accident or police car chase, you have to watch. Overall, the movie was just too sappy. And every &quot;twist&quot; is not surprising. Also, I don't understand why the movie switched between color and black-and-white -- I'm guessing the decision was made in a very late editing session because it didn't seem to have any context. In conclusion, I thought the bar scenes were the best...I can't believe I'm agreeing with the guys. I encourage you to check your cable listings if you're curious about this movie and spend your money on something better.
0425105709|5.0|Hercule Poirot's dentist is found dead of a gunshot wound to the head.  The police call it suicide, but Poirot is not convinced.  The dentist's death is followed closely by the deaths of two of his patients, and Poirot undertakes to solve the mystery.  Is it possible that these three deaths were merely &quot;collateral damage&quot; in a campaign to eliminate an influential financier, another of the dentist's patients?  Two suspects immediately present themselves for consideration: the worthless ne'er-do-well boyfriend of the dental assistant and the left-wing radical boyfriend of the financier's niece.  Both appear to have had ample motive, means, and opportunity to kill either the financier or the dentist.  Poirot solves the mystery in exemplary fashion, but exposing the killer gives him no great pleasure.  To find out why, you must read the book.
0399229191|5.0|I love this book!  I am a third grade teacher and I use this book every October in my Spider unit.  No matter how many times the class has heard it, they're eager to hear it again.  Part of its charm is being able to feel the &quot;sliky thread&quot; as the web is being built.  I love that it comes as a board book so I can let my 17 month old son enjoy it on his own.  A great book to read at the end of a busy day.
0786198923|5.0|I read Surely Your Joking for the 1st time in late 1987. My daughter got if for me at my request for my birthday. Actually I asked her for something by Phillip Morrison but while she was shopping in the San Jose State bookstore she forgot what physicist I was interested in and got Feynman's book instead. I'm glad she made that innocent mistake. Feynman knocked me out. Raymond Todd's reading on the 10 CD audio set is outstanding. I'm buying my daughter a set for herself.
0399226907|5.0|An excellant book!  I am a third grade teacher.  I always start the school year with this book in my animal/bug unit.  They really enjoy it.  It teaches the four stages of a butterfly and reinforces the days of the week as the larva nibbles away through something everyday.  I love that its in board book so my 17 month old son can have his own copy.
B00005LOUQ|5.0|I just want to say THE GRINCH with JIM CARREY is one awesome Holiday movie! I am 24 years old and I really dig this movie. I saw this movie at the show last Christmas, and I had a blast watching it. It is very close to the DR. SEUSS book and animated movie but being a motion picture the movie has a lot more detail on the story which gives the story of The Grinch a whole new life. The DVD will be released this NOVEMBER and you can pre-order it here on AMAZON.com. The DVD has so many special features like - Sing-Along songs, Read-Along songs, DVD ROM content such as - Add a Grinch to your own photograph, screen savers, games, recipes, the Music Video of Faith Hill's &quot;WHERE ARE YOU CHRISTMAS&quot;, a Whoville section which includes Who School, Jim Carrey make up application, set decorations, visual effects, and a few more surprises such as a Spotlight on location, Deleted scenes, and Outtakes. Buy this DVD it is a great flick to add to your Holiday Movie Collection! You can also check out the WIDESCREEN version DVD, this one is for the FULL SCREEN version of The Grinch.
B00005B4GU|5.0|..YES, ITS NOT LIKE THE BENDS OR OK COMPUTER. But that does not mean its bad.  It still has the usual arrangement of guitar, bass, and drums, but it has so much more.  Yes, it uses some electronic forms.  But the music is not defiled by it, not any more than a harmonica, piano, or a horn could. Its there for a sound that nothing else could make.<br />All the tracks are good, very good, but the most epic and outgoing of them are in my opinion \\"Packt Like Sardines...,\\" a track that is rooted heavily in electronic music, \\"Pyramid Song\\" and \\"You and Whose Army?,\\" both the resonating piano and vocals, and \\"Life in a Glass House,\\" which really carries Radiohead further out and really is the sign of just how exceptional this album is.<br />Don't like it cause its Radiohead, don't like it cause it's from Thom Yorke, and don't like it solely because it defies boundaries. Like it cause it's good music, epic music that will live through time. Radiohead is the group our generation has been looking for, and in 20 years when we all go out and get the best-of Radiohead album, there will be as much Kid A, Amnesiac styled music as there will be the more traditional style, like it or not.<br />All I say is- Give it a listen, and dont be afraid to like what you hear.
B00003CXRM|3.0|Overall a good movie.  The references to the Odyssey were too glaring in spots and absent in others.  I wish the movie would have been more consistent in drawing the parallels.<br />Clooney wasn't too bad- he has a tendency to be a little spastic and overact- he stayed fairly toned down.<br />I was disappointed that the sound track for the film is not taken from the film itself, but oh, well.
0446677450|4.0|This book has a simple point: the rich think differently than everyone working for a paycheck. It is a powerful lesson that is worth the cost of the book alone. Half of the book is in the form of a narrative, half in advice. The narrative half struck me as simplistic. I wanted more details on how exactly the author and his rich dad made their pile and less of the childhood episodes involving stacking cans and painting fences. Still, the book sets out to teach a few simple lessons that really can change your life.
0446677450|1.0|This book is redundant, overly simplified, and worse yet, offers no useful knowledge other than explaining basic accounting principals that most people already understand. His relentless advocation to invest in real estate offers nothing more than those get-rich-quick real estate infomercials; thus spawning the ever expanding library of Rich Dad books so he can claim royalties, which will one day result in a Rich Dad guide to earning royalties. If you have this book, I can teach you a system that will make you a fortune by selling his library to other people just like you with the use of a simple classified add, seen by hundreds of people looking to waste their money.
B00003CXBK|5.0|To say that this movie is mere Anime, in a way, cuts off the potential audience for this great epic Movie.<br />This isn't to say that Anime is bad in any way: however, Anime usually represents a limited base of attention (regardless of how big that limit is) in America at least.  This movie transcends the stereotype of Anime, making it something even greater: this is a legendary movie, no matter how you look at it.<br />Sadly, a great amount of people would never consider the possibility of an animated film having the ability to move people emotionally.  This is at least one case that they are mistaken in.  &quot;Princess Mononoke&quot; is a deeply moving fantasy drama about the events surrounding the beginning of the rifle-style projectile in Japan: an event that shook the very foundations of the society.  Before that time, Samurai were a poor but elite class of warriors.  Now peasants had access to something that could rival the power of the Feudal Elite.  This story addresses, in a very spiritual manner, how deep the changes were to these people through showing the life of a fictitional hero &quot;Ashitaka&quot; and his spiritually symbolic soulmate &quot;San&quot;.<br />In my opinion, this movie is of higher dramatic quality than any movie I can recently remember.  If you do not believe it to be true, rent it at your nearest video store.  You will be pleasantly surprised.
B000002BFZ|5.0|This is my second try at reviewing this CD, because I got caught up in the enthusiasm of the music the first time around and busted the 1,000 word limit.  That's how much I liked it though. This is PJ's seminal masterpiece to date as well as their least-selling work.  That's probably due to coming on the heels of the inaccessible critic's darling &quot;Vitalogy&quot;.  This is one of two PJ works featuring the drumming of Jack Irons and I think it provided them with some karmic cohesion as well as some experimentation.  Whatever chemistry came together here, it sounds out of this world.  No Code is a spiritual journey featuring a variety of different sounds and tempos.  Track by track here it is:  &quot;Sometimes&quot;--A hushed prayer with some thunder sounds a.k.a. The Doors &quot;Riders on the Storm.&quot; &quot;Large fingers pushing things/Your a God and you've got big hands.&quot;  &quot;Hail, Hail&quot;--As your lulled into a silence by &quot;Sometimes&quot; your hit with the pounding axe chop of the first notes of Hail, Hail.  It takes me by surprise every time.  One of PJ's best rockers.  &quot;Who You Are&quot;--this has a collective conscious tribal drumming sort of feel.  I picture the PJ-5 dancing around a fire, &quot;transcend where we are&quot;  &quot;In My Tree&quot;--the spiritual journey is elevated with some of the best complex drumbeat around.  The song simply explodes as Vedder screams, &quot;Up here so high I start to shake/up here so high the sky I scrape&quot;  This one makes the rage within beautiful.  &quot;Smile&quot; A lighthearted romp shows PJ doesn't always have to be angry and a little harmonica to boot.  Ament and McCready switch the bass and lead. &quot;Off he Goes&quot;--A quiet folk-country tune about an inaccessible drifter that can't stand still and can't stop taking drug trips.  &quot;Habit&quot;--This one's on the edge with Vedder railing against people caught up as slaves to the drugs they take that are no longer recreational.  The chorus is a little repetitive but it is a scorcher.  &quot;Red Mosquito&quot;--This is one of the CD's highlights with an absolutely emotive guitar bridge by Mike McCready.  It speaks volumes.  Brilliance speaking with the strings. &quot;Lukin&quot;--This one's pure punk fury.  One of my fave PJ tunes.  It's about Vedder returning to his home and being stalked by some psycho fan.  The words are pretty near indecipherable, but all the emotion is there clocking in under a minute.  Phenomenal song.  &quot;Present Tense&quot;--PJ's best song hands down.  This one is epic with lyrics that delve deep to the soul.  It starts slow. Vedder ponders, &quot;Do you see the way that tree bends/does it inspire/leaning out to catch the sun rays/a lesson to be applied/are you getting something out of this/all encompassing trip&quot;  The idea started out with something as trite as Pete Townsend's initial's PT and grew to this beauty. The song builds to a rhythmic jam at the end.  &quot;Mankind&quot;--The album's low point but it shows them coming through as a band letting Stone Gossard take the lead singing.  &quot;I'm Open&quot;--Spoken word poetry with some ethereal background flow.  There's a wolf howling in there somewhere. &quot;If he only knew now, what he knew then&quot;  Sometimes we lose life's lessons along the way.  This is turned around from the refrain in &quot;Smile&quot; &quot;If I had known then/what I know now.&quot;  The CD closes with &quot;Around the Bend&quot;--a lullaby to put you back to sleep after you've taken the spiritual journey with Vedder and Crew.  This is Pearl Jam's most cohesive album and almost reaches a concept album with the never-ending search for spirituality in life and actually shows that some level of satisfaction can be reached along the way.  This is my favorite work by my favorite band.  It reveals them at their peak and time will hold it up as a classic.  Don't miss out and go get this one.The chorus is a little repetitive but it is a scorcher.  &quot;Red Mosquito&quot;--This is one of the CD's highlights with an absolutely emotive guitar bridge by Mike McCready.  It speaks volumes.  Brilliance speaking with the strings. &quot;Lukin&quot;--This one's pure punk fury.  One of my fave PJ tunes.  It's about Vedder returning to his home and being stalked by some psycho fan.  The words are pretty near indecipherable, but all the emotion is there clocking in under a minute.  Phenomenal song.  &quot;Present Tense&quot;--PJ's best song hands down.  This one is epic with lyrics that delve deep to the soul.  It starts slow. Vedder ponders, &quot;Do you see the way that tree bends/does it inspire/leaning out to catch the sun rays/a lesson to be applied/are you getting something out of this/all encompassing trip&quot;  The idea started out with something as trite as Pete Townsend's initial's PT and grew to this beauty. The song builds to a rhythmic jam at the end.  &quot;Mankind&quot;--The album's low point but it shows them coming through as a band letting Stone Gossard take the lead singing.  &quot;I'm Open&quot;--Spoken word poetry with some ethereal background flow.  There's a wolf howling in there somewhere. &quot;If he only knew now, what he knew then&quot;  Sometimes we lose life's lessons along the way.  This is turned around from the refrain in &quot;Smile&quot; &quot;If I had known then/what I know now.&quot;  The CD closes with &quot;Around the Bend&quot;--a lullaby to put you back to sleep after you've taken the spiritual journey with Vedder and Crew.  This is Pearl Jam's most cohesive album and almost reaches a concept album with the never-ending search for spirituality in life and actually shows that some level of satisfaction can be reached along the way.  This is my favorite work by my favorite band.  It reveals them at their peak and time will hold it up as a classic.  Don't miss out and go get this one.
B00003CY5K|5.0|THIS MOVIE WAS FUNNY, WELL WRITTEN AND EVERYONE IN THE THEATER WAS LAUGHING THE WHOLE TIME. YOU COULD TELL THAT ALL AGES  COULD IDENTIFY WITH THE SHOW.  I CAN'T WAIT TO TAKE MY KIDS TO SEE IT AND BUY THE DVD.    TRUST ME ON THIS ONE! DON'T MISS IT!
B00004Z4WQ|4.0|I am an obsessive fan of the horror genre as a whole, but I avoided this movie when it was released because I had recently seen the MTV movie awards hosted by the Wayans brothers. Needless to say, I thought all of their jokes on the awards show failed miserably and I couldn't imagine a movie by the same lame guys being anything more than an over-rated and unfunny flop (take the SNL related movies &quot;It's Pat&quot; and &quot;Stuart Saves His Family&quot; for example) After seeing some of the trailers for the newly released Scary Movie 2, I decided to give in and rent the first one. It is hands down the funniest movie I have seen since SOUTH PARK. I know that wasn't exactly popular with the critics either, but I loved it. To give you a point of reference, I like a range of different styles such as low brow (Billy Madison, Slapshot, American Pie, Happy Gilmore, Austin Powers 2 etc..) classic british stuff (Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Life of Brian, This Is Spinal Tap etc..) 80's teen comedy (Fast Times at Ridgemont High, Breakfast Club, Better Off Dead etc..) Coen Brothers (Raising Arizona, The Big Lebowski, O Brother Where Art Thou? etc..) and black comedies (American Psycho, Heathers, Whiteboyz, etc..) If you liked any of the previously mentioned movies (save &quot;pat&quot; and &quot;stuart&quot;) then there's no reason you shouldn't like this one. My favorite part is Doofy. Oh.. and about SCARY MOVIE 2, avoid it like the plague. It's as bad as I initially thought this movie would be.
B000055Y0X|5.0|It is so easy to review great movies. All I have to say is see one of the best movies ever made. It influenced an entire generation of filmgoers and film-makers.<br />If you think this material is dated, just think &quot;missle defense shield&quot; and remember that several thousand nuclear warheads are still targeted on us and they are in the control of a country that seems, at times, on the verge of being out-of-control. We are still in the grip of the madness of nuclear weapons and the fraility of human beings who create and control them.<br />That such a serious topic could ever be the basis for one of the funniest movies ever made is still staggeringly ironic. This directorial tour-de-force, by itself, insures Kubrick's name will always be in the pantheon of world-class artists. It is so brilliantly photographed and composed, and it is so economical! It tells a big story deftly and surely, without a missed note.<br />Peter Sellers is superb in 3 roles. Absolutely on the mark as President Muffley, Group Captain Mandrake, and, of course, the title's namesake, the misbegotten Dr.Strangelove with the unrepentant Nazi arm with a mind of its own. The other great performance is Sterling Hayden as Gen. Jack D. Ripper, followed closely by Slim Pickens as Col. &quot;King&quot; Kong. I don't believe time has been as kind to George C. Scott's Gen. Buck Turgidson. I love Scott as an actor, and it is a good comic performance, but it borders too much on slapstick and edges awfully close to over-the-top. When you compare it to Seller's economy and precision (yes, even as Strangelove...it's a controlled performance) and Hayden's dead-on, deadpan delivery I think Scott's performance is revealed as more mannered &amp; superficial. But, a minor digression from a wonderful cast and film, and a matter of taste.<br />One of the all-time great comedies about the end of the world! What more is there to say? Just see it! And, if you have already seen it, see it again. It is a timeless Classic!<br />And by all means, let's make sure there is never a mineshaft gap!
0375707972|4.0|I liked this book.  I liked the sparse style, the portrayal of emotional and spiritual numbness, the way it begins and the way it ends.  The recommendation came from my librarian when I asked her if she had read anything interesting lately.  Earlier I had passed &quot;The Reader&quot; by having heard lukewarm comments from others.  But from the moment I picked it up, I didn't want to put it down.  Disturbing, yes, the relationship between a young adolescent boy and an older woman.  Shocking, too, to realize that Hanna was capable of such horrendous crimes.  Her shame at her illiteracy is poignant when it is so great that she accepts responsiblity for writing an incriminating document when, in reality, she did not have the capability.<br /> Was Michael Berg wrong in failing to alert the judge or at least discuss a valid defense with Hanna?  Neither character warrants much of our sympathy.  Yet of the two disturbing main characters in the novel, Hanna has the greater capacity to grow and accept responsibility.  Michael fails to connect to anyone -- even the daughter he loves.  <br />The Reader is a highly discussable book.  It would make an excellent choice for a book club.
B000002J1Z|5.0|Most live albums of this era suck. Yessongs, though, shows the incredible musicianship of Yes playing their complex, spiritual music live without the benefit of computers, midi, or polyphonic digital synths.<br />As an introduction to the music of Yes during their 70's era, you can't go wrong here.  Some of the songs here are much better than their original album versions; Starship Troopers is a monster here, with Wakeman supplying an orchestral vision to the inevitability of those three chords with his Mellotron Chorus.  His Moog riff just before Howe's earthshattering solo makes the song for me.<br />Those of you who only know Yes from the sampling 80's version are in for what I hope will be a pleasant shock.  Those of you who hate Prog and all it stands for: things could be worse. There is no live document of the complete &quot;TFTO.&quot;
B00004TLN3|5.0|I'm not certain why this movie is so low-rated. Is it a movie in the same manner as &quot;Sense and Sensibility&quot; and &quot;Pride and Prejudice&quot;? No. Is it a good movie? Yes.<br />The movie follows young Catherine Morland, an addict of early gothic novels, with a vivid imagination. When the kindly, wealthy, childless Allens take her on a trip with them to Bath, Catherine is overjoyed. She soon befriends gushing Isabella Thorpe and her vulgar brother John, who appear to be fortune-hunters. Catherine also befriends the kindly, wealthy Tilney brother and sister, Eleanor and Henry. There is also a brother, Frederick (who is VERY interested in the newly-engaged Isabella) and their eerie, falsely-enthusiastic father General Tilney.<br />Eleanor invites Catherine to their eerie family estate, Northanger Abbey. In the mysterious castlelike building, with a death harkening back many years, Catherine's imagination soon disrupts reality, and her slowly growing affection for Henry.<br />I must contradict the people who said that you need to read the book to understand the movie: I haven't, and I did. This movie contains the staples often found in a Jane Austen story: witty repartee, a flurry of manners and morals, dancing and dresses, creeps and nice people, and a chastely tense romance wherein at least one of the people involved must learn a lesson. While in &quot;Pride&quot; it was learning about pride and prejudice, and in &quot;Emma&quot; it was meddling; in this particular movie, it is learning about distinguishing reality from fantasy.<br />Katherine Schlesinger is perfect as Catherine Morland, smaller and wider-eyed than the usual blonde girls in this film. Peter Firth is sexy and sweet as Henry Tilney, who occasionally launches into monologues that both insult and compliment (&quot;She is a disgrace to her sex... and it is a quality I will be sad to see her lose&quot;) and Ingrid Lacey is delightful as the haunted Eleanor Tilney. Cassie Stuart is good as gushy fortune-hunter Isabella Thorpe, whose constant effusion hides a mercenary little excuse for a soul; Jonathan Coy is also good, in his relatively brief role, as the rotten John Thorpe.<br />This movie is filmed in a slightly different manner than most Jane Austen films. Reality is interspersed with Gothic fantasies and nightmares of Catherine's; however, this will be entertaining if you have even a passing knowledge of books like the &quot;Mysteries of Udolpho.&quot; The soundtrack is relentlessly, over-the-top Gothic in a way that is downright funny. We also get to see more of Bath than in movies like &quot;Persuasion&quot;--I thought those gardens were extremely pretty. The movie is shot in a misty sort of way, with looming decaying buildings and white-clad heroines--it seems to be half spoof, half serious story. And as Jane Austen was a master of satire, I imagine she'd be highly amused.<br />I'm a little surprised that the travesty of Mansfield Park is rated higher than this (watch the BBC version, where they care about the original story) as this is a darn good movie. It's not exactly like Emma, Pride and Prejudice, Sense and Sensibility; however, it's still very good.fortune-hunter Isabella Thorpe, whose constant effusion hides a mercenary little excuse for a soul; Jonathan Coy is also good, in his relatively brief role, as the rotten John Thorpe.<br />This movie is filmed in a slightly different manner than most Jane Austen films. Reality is interspersed with Gothic fantasies and nightmares of Catherine's; however, this will be entertaining if you have even a passing knowledge of books like the &quot;Mysteries of Udolpho.&quot; The soundtrack is relentlessly, over-the-top Gothic in a way that is downright funny. We also get to see more of Bath than in movies like &quot;Persuasion&quot;--I thought those gardens were extremely pretty. The movie is shot in a misty sort of way, with looming decaying buildings and white-clad heroines--it seems to be half spoof, half serious story. And as Jane Austen was a master of satire, I imagine she'd be highly amused.<br />I'm a little surprised that the travesty of Mansfield Park is rated higher than this (watch the BBC version, where they care about the original story) as this is a darn good movie. It's not exactly like Emma, Pride and Prejudice, Sense and Sensibility; however, it's still very good.
B00005K3LW|5.0|When I watched &quot;Die Hard With a Vengeance&quot; from the very first box edition on DVD, I was very dissapointed.  You could see fuzz in almost every scene and the sound quality wasn't that great.  Now, I have just seen this movie in the new ultimate edition box set and I loved it!  It was everything I was hoping for and more.<br />For those who don't know, this film is about a madman who is threatening to blow up public places in New York unless Willis and Jackson are able to perform certain tasks.  The action is outstanding, the car chases are breath taking, and the acting is awesome.  Bruce Willis is hillarious with his sarcastic and short tempered humor.<br />This new and improved special edition of &quot;Die Hard 3&quot; is more than I hoped for.  The picture quality is crystal clear.  In fact, there are some scenes where the picture is TOO clear!  I forgot how beaten up and bruised Bruce Willis gets in this movie!<br />For those who have DVD players who can play DTS will also enjoy the new sound transfer.  It was ten times louder and thrilling with the new DTS analog, which makes the movie even better.  The crashes and gun shots sound a lot more better and louder.<br />I was very pleased with this new remastered version of &quot;Die Hard 3&quot;.  I will have to watch the other two in the box set to see if they are just as good.  I highly recommend this DVD, or box set to anyone who loves &quot;Die Hard&quot;.
B0000508U6|5.0|Parachutes is amazing. Strong, beautiful vocals; superb instrumentals; melodic, peaceful songs as well as rockier ones; mysteriously understandable lyrics; and the best part; they were all written and performed by the band. <BR>I give this album an A+. <BR>If you like Doves, Travis and or Radiohead, chances are you will like this album, but not because they sound alike or have similar songs, or even are in the same genre, they just seem to fit into that category. <BR>Some people say Chris Martin's voice is too mellow, but once you let the songs grow on you, you'll se that it fits perfectly.
0060254920|5.0|My wifes all time favorite childrens story.  When reading it to our 3 year old, we all like to pick out our favorite wild things.  Mine the one with the big smile and lots of teeth, my sons is the plaid pants, and my wifes the eagle looking one.  Truely a classic.  Excellent illustrations.  I love the pages without words with just the wild things and Max playing together. Short words on the pages are easy for child to remember.  My son already knows the last line by heart. I won't ruin it if you have't read it.
B00005LIN0|4.0|Porgy and Bess is an American Treasue. An opera written by George Gershwin, a brilliant composer of Popular Music in the 1930's. A landmark piece, much like his Rhapsody in Blue. There is an amazing book detailing the 1950's tour of the opera through Russia by Truman Capote. The movie that everybody seems to be so keen on is merely one, not-so-popular interpretation of this opera. Of course it would be nice to have that available as well, but the Preminger movie is not the ultimate interpretation of this work! His Carmen Jones may be the only version we will have in America in our lifetime since the brilliant British production didn't make it to our shores - but Porgy and Bess is being produced more and more, and I say, God Bless It! P&amp;B is moving into the same arena where Tosca lives, and La Boheme and La Traviata. It is not a movie. What we have here is a fairly dazzling production of a classic work by some extremely talented artists who are giving us yet another intepretation of a brilliant American work of art. Porgy and Bess will go on for centuries, outliving not only all of us, but the Preminger movie as well. The work is a living and breathing work of art. It, like Hamlet, should be re-interpreted for every generation, not frozen in time like the 1950s movie. Get over it! Watch this production. Watch the next production. Grow with the new interpretations of this classic. And remember, Porgy and Bess existed and was a classic long before the movie was ever thought of.
B000035Z1Z|5.0|Meg Ryan and Kevin Kline obviously enjoyed this story and each other very much.  The comfortable chemistry and charm of these two extremely talented people firmly holds your attention and draws you absolutely willingly into their world. The supporting rolls are wonderfully cast, and Lawrence Kasdan does his reputation as one of the finest directors in the industry proud. I am not one to write reviews, but this lovely, fun, and romantic film deserves to be praised and shared.
0792846303|4.0|I was disappointed by this movie when it opened. The ending just didn't seem right...you know?<br />But over the years I have never forgotten Adrienne Barbeau as the dj in that strange lighthouse; she is the first to begin to understand the horror that lives in the fog that is moving toward the town. She is so low key and believable when she starts that her growing awareness ratchets up the fear to primal levels. From playing her low-key music late at night and chatting with the guys out in the boats, kidding the weather guys cause they don't see the fog on their radars, getting progressively anxious as she can't understand the phenomenon to yelling at her son to hide and then dealing with the fog creatures one to one - well, its a performance to remember and to my mind it holds the movie together.<br />I still have a few problems with the end, but that's just me. The delight in getting there overcomes all complaints. Jamie Lee is superb as always. Janet Leigh has enough to do so that she is not just another Star cameo.   And my goodness, its terrific to have another great ghost movie to add to the limited list of such works.  The Fog is creepy, scary, and perfect for a cool autumn evening when the sun goes down red and the mists start to rise. Yeah, it may be a kid's story like we've all outgrown, but it sure can raise the goosebumps in a totally modern adult! Genuinely scary and not a bit ironic or campy. A great addition to the ghost genere.
B00004TJJZ|2.0|I'd give this movie 3 stars, but I gave Independence Day 3, so this deserves 2. Will Smith had a few good jokes, but they get old after repeated viewings. The special effects were good, but not stunning. The acting was mediocre, the plot not so great, and overall a failed attempt at a movie that could've been much better. Overall, something I would have given 4 stars when it was first released, but I'm forced to give it 2 now just because it gets old, and very quick. Good for a rental, and that's just about it, I'm afraid. But it did have potential, I'll give it that, and some interesting scenes, but not enough to carry this film.
B00004XQ83|5.0|We saw the movie and bought the cd today.  I think this is the best cd that has come along in so many years and my husband and I are so excited about this and hope it wins all the awards.We love cut # 16 but like the others too.  We are going to rent the movie again tonight.  These boys really know how to make music. George Clooney was terrific and we wished that was him singing.Maybe this will help to get come good real country music out to the world.
6304233639|3.0|This movie was first released when I was 11 years old. I loved it then, and at the time would've given it five stars. It had everything kids love. Cool action, great special effects, and is fun to watch. Now that I'm almost 16, I can watch this movie and give it three stars. Through the years I've seen many movies, and many of them are better than this film. Also, I am an aspiring screenwriter/director, and plan to go to college to become a film-maker...so I know a lot about movies and I am very picky when I watch them. To begin with, the plot for this movie is good, I'll give it that, but the script is weak and poorly done. There are several lines taken from different movies--mostly Star Wars--along with a lot of the same shots, just updated to look better. Also, the acting in this movie isn't the greatest. Will Smith did a decent job, as did Jeff Goldblum, but Bill Pullman was probably the best actor in this film.<br />So here's my opinion: if you haven't seen this movie, and you're looking for a fun sci-fi movie that has the same things recycled from older films--but made to look a lot nicer--and just a fast-paced, interesting film, watch this. If you're searching for the next classic, Oscar winning film for anything besides special effects, keep searching.
6305358613|5.0|We own this one and watch it frequently.  A stunning combination of strong acting, great script, and wnderful cinematography.  If you enjoy movies that have strong female leads yet also have a compelling storyline, this one is for you. No Romance Channel here.
B000002UAU|5.0|Lately it's a trend in rock criticism to declare that &quot;Sgt. Pepper's&quot; is actually inferior to the earlier &quot;Revolver&quot;. I must take exception to this theory. While both are fine albums, &quot;Sgt. Pepper's&quot; is a better album than &quot;Revolver&quot; on the merits of the songwriting. Let's look at the three writers and compare their work.<br />1) George Harrison - &quot;Revolver&quot; had three tracks written by George, which is a bit too much. McCartney and Lennon both are better writers, and George's Indian songs can be overkill in large doses. &quot;Sgt. Pepper's&quot;, however, has just &quot;Within You Without You&quot;, which leaves the listener wanting more rather than wishing for less.<br />2) Paul McCartney - Paul had &quot;Eleanor Rigby&quot; and &quot;Good Day Sunshine&quot; off &quot;Revolver&quot;, both of which are excellent. However, overall, &quot;Sgt. Pepper's&quot; wins for the beautiful &quot;She's Leaving Home&quot;, &quot;When I'm 64&quot;, &quot;Getting Better&quot;, and the title track. His experimentations with more whimsical types of music and instruments paid off more here.<br />3) John Lennon - Although my favorite Beatle gets less time here than he did on &quot;Revolver&quot;, and not everything he did here is great, the meat of the album is his. &quot;With A Little Help From My Friends&quot; is both cheerful and melancholy at the same time, and is really charming. &quot;Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds&quot; is a psychedelic classic, second only to the non-LP &quot;Strawberry Fields Forever&quot;. And, of course, there's &quot;A Day In The Life&quot;, easily one of the best Beatle songs ever made. These three alone are some of Lennon's finest music ever.<br />All this, and the specacular influence &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot; has had, make it easily the better of the two albums. It deserves all the critical praise that has been lavished upon it. It is easily one of the candidates for &quot;Best Album of All Time&quot; andbelongs in any music lover's collection.
B000002UV9|5.0|Talk about crossover appeal.  I was floored the other day when I heard &quot;Silent Lucidity&quot; on an easy-rock station.  For a band that produced &quot;Spreading The Disease&quot; on the previous album, that is a mighty impressive (and somehow twisted) achievement indeed.  <br />Controversial (amongst the 'Ryche heads anyways) and grandiose, _Empire_ balances deftly some of the lyrical themes and theatrics of _Mindcrime_ with a much more finely-crafted pop sensibility.  I don't think they could ever hope to top _Mindcrime_, so they veered off into a different direction, and managed to also guarantee their niche in rock and roll history.   Songs like &quot;Resistance&quot; and the riveting title track  evoke the spirit of _Mindcrime_.  DeGarmo's solo on the latter track is the best he's ever done, hands down.  On the other hand, there are some simply awesome tracks on this album that are unlike anything they had done up to that point - the funky, almost jazzy &quot;Della Brown&quot;, the fat and chunky guitar work on &quot;One and Only&quot; ending with some thrilling drum/bass interplay by Rockenfield and Jackson, and the somber, grand finale, &quot;Anybody Listening?&quot; which was the best way this band possibly could have come up with to end this album.  <br />Im surprised that a lot of people haven't talked about the conceptual nature of _Empire_, there are some strange bits of chatter and interludes between some of the songs that suggest maybe a narrative was initially planned, but later abandoned.  The individual song themes are not similar enough to suggest a full narrative.  But I get a sense of loneliness and lost love with many of the songs, as well as world-weariness, but there is an underlying musical hopefulness that I think many people who heard the tunes eventually latched onto.  The Kamen-orchestrated hit single &quot;Silent Lucidity&quot; is more of an oddball in any such discussion, but it doesn't do terrible damage to the album's overall thematic unity.<br />PS : If you haven't listened to this one for some time, the &quot;Gold edition CD&quot; is the version of this album to own.  The sonic clarity of the remaster is simply out of this world; makes an already classic album even better.
6305263248|2.0|I have to admit - I bought this for the car chase. I didn't expect much as a movie, so in that sense, my expectations were met. Robert De Niro is Robert De Niro - always enjoyable to watch but &quot;What's a nice actor like you doing in a movie like this?&quot; The characters generate no sympathy. The story is an inventory of cliches and formulas. As for the car chase, I was not impressed. To be fair, it may have been better on a full movie screen in a real theater. But the story seems like so much filler between the car chase and all the flying blood and bullets. Even &quot;guy flicks&quot; need some emotional intelligence.
B00004X01U|5.0|Madonna continues to reinvent herself and grow as a person.  You can truly tell she has gotten older and more mature as her new albums come out.  If you are a true Madonna fan, you will love this album as much, if not more, than the rest.  This is my favorite Madonna album of all time.
B000000OQF|5.0|This album has got to be and is in my opinion the best rock n' roll album ever made. When I got my first cd player 11 years ago the first thing I got for my cd collection(which now is up to 510cds and counting)was this killer and classic album. \\"Sweet Child O'Mine\\" changed my life. I still get tingles down my spine when I hear Axl at the beginning of \\"Welcome to the Jungle\\" saying OH MY GOD. Obviously everybody has heard all the singles off this album. Paradise City,Nighttrain,Jungle and Sweet Child. However my fav is \\"Rocket Queen\\" Its got a raw and agressive fell to it. Almost punkish and bluesy at the same time.\\"Mr. Brownstone and \\"Its so Easy\\" are just balls to the walls straight angry songs. You gotta check out the paranoid Axl in \\"Out ta get me\\". I could go on and on basically, anyone who has been living in a cave the last 14 years and have not bought this awesome display of talent, shame on you! You dont know what you are missing. Metallica could only wish they could create albums like this one.This album is ...(rocket queen and Anything Goes)...(Mr.Brownstone and Night-train)and rock n'roll baby!(everysong) Hope everybody still enjoys this album as much as me. It stands the test of time and still sounds fresh. Thank you and I hope someday Slash,Duff and Izzy put their differences aside with Axl and make another killer album like this again.
B00000K2SC|5.0|The Matrix is an outstanding movie.  Sure, the plot may be a little confusing, but you will understand it if you see it a couple times over.  If you think this film is just about computers and sci-fi stuff, you are WRONG. The action sequences (my favorite being the shootout in the looby) will leave you breathless.  Overall a GREAT FILM that will not be forgotten for a very long time.
0393307050|5.0|This is the first in an excellent, utterly addicting and always compelling series that chronicles the exploits of Captain Jack Aubrey and ship's doctor Stephen Maturin, taking us on a lively tour of their lives, loves and adventures over the course of many years.  When my sister first suggested that I read this book I was skeptical -- isn't it a &quot;guy book&quot;?  But I was coming off a Jane Austen fix and one of Patrick O'Brian's favorite writers was Austen...so I gave it a try.  I read the entire series, back to back, while pregnant with my son.  <br />O'Brian fills his books with such incredible period detail and wonderful Austen-esq characterizations that I was immediately and incurably hooked.  You will be astounded how much you learn about the post-Regency Period and life at sea because you will be so busy being deeply engrossed and throughly entertained.
6304698526|4.0|This is the movie that prompted me to move to San Francisco. Being twenty and in college I couldn't afford a Mustang but I did wear a lot of turtle-necks. Now, thirty years later, the 60's pace seems a bit slow, though the chase scenes still get the adrenaline pumping. If you live in San Francisco it's especially fun to try to identify local streets. It didn't matter that the scenes were shot all over the place and pieced together. What was funny was seeing the same white Pontiac in a number of different scenes of the chase, or the same Austin -Healy parked in the same spot on different occasions in the story. But these are things - minor ones, at that - only a car nut or San Francisco resident would notice. The twist in the plot reminds me of old detective novels. Jacquline Bisset is stunningly beautiful and Rober Vaughn is the guy to hate. And Steve McQueen? He da man!
B00003CY5K|4.0|Let me begin by saying I am not normally a fan of the &quot;Clueless&quot; type character, but this is far from what I expected going into this movie. Reese Witherspoon's character &quot;Elle&quot; is a sweet, funny, smart and completely likeable character and has you caring for her and rooting for her to win and prove everyone wrong. After being dumped by her boyfriend Warner because he thought she wasn't smart enough for a future lawyer or senator, she follows him to Harvard determined to win him back. While she struggles with fitting in, she slowly wins over several of her classmates, and proves she is no dumb blonde. This movie is fun, and well worth seeing. I was skeptical about this movie, but don't let the trailer and bad critic reviews turn you off of this bright and funny film.
B00003CXDZ|3.0|Anyone contemplating to see this movie should consider waiting for the DVD and CD editions.  The movie itself is irritating and incoherent.  The actors are required to  utter lines so inane as to be embarrassing.  The romantic duo of Nicole Kidman and Ewan McGregor, though, is a winner.  John Leguizamo successfully portrays  Toulouse-Lautrec.  The single most important role minimally holding together &quot;Moulin Rouge&quot; is that of Zindler, the pimp-theater owner played by the excellent  character actor Jim Broadbent.  The leading stars possess more than enough talent to carry out their singing responsibilities.  The love story is only mildly interesting,  and has been done better many times previously.  &quot;Moulin Rouge&quot; is admittedly visually stunning.  Nevertheless,  the occasional virtues of the film don't begin to  justify the patience demanded to view it until the dreary end.<br />The DVD edition of &quot;Moulin Rouge&quot; will allow you to ignore the banal scenes while enjoying the beautifully choreographed musical numbers.  Movie producers today seek myriad  revenue streams to justify the cost of their investment.  Regrettably,  a mindset has been inevitably fostered that often perceives the actual movie of no more importance  than the accompanying ways of earning a profit.  Almost certainly that is what occurred in this particular situation.  The movie &quot;Moulin Rouge&quot; earns a mere three stars,  but I suspect the soon to be released DVD will deserve five.
B000002C2E|5.0|With &quot;Time Out of Mind,&quot; Bob Dylan has created a masterwork of longing and regret that stands with the best of his legendary career. More than the poignant, frightening ruminations of a man nearing 60, &quot;Time Out of Mind&quot; is the particular product of Dylan's fertile imagination and musical pedigree. You could not imagine it being anything but the offspring of the same heart and mind that begat &quot;Blonde on Blonde&quot; and &quot;Blood on the Tracks.&quot; <br />Dylan sings with the blues-soaked intensity of a late-night confessional, the architecture of which can be credited to Daniel Lanois' clean and reverentially hushed production. Virtually every track is an exercise in hard living and the settling of emotional accounts. Standouts such as &quot;Dirt Road, &quot;Cold Irons Bound&quot; and &quot;Not Dark Yet&quot; are among Dylan's most haunting and affecting efforts.<br />As he is occasionally wont to do, Dylan sprinkles in a couple of throwaway numbers; these do not serve to detract from the album so much as to illuminate the extraordinary depth of the other songs, such as &quot;Highlands,&quot; a 16-and-a-half-minute talking blues that closes the release and finds Dylan surveying his own charred emotional landscape. <br />&quot;Highlands&quot; is heavy stuff for sure, particularly when Dylan spots a group of kids drinking and dancing on the public green and longingly admits, &quot;I'd give anything to turn back the clock&quot;; or when he brutally acknowledges, &quot;The party's over, and there's less and less to say.&quot; Yet throughout the song Dylan leavens desperation with his unique deadpan wit and ornery sense of perseverance, as when he blasts Neil Young on the stereo, only to be admonished by his neighbors, or when he slyly observes he wouldn't know the difference between a real blonde and a fake. These are the moments you realize &quot;Time Out of Mind&quot; is not so much a last will and testament as it is an affirmation of thebeauty borne of pain.<br />&quot;I been to Sugar Town and I shook the sugar down,&quot; Dylan sings in the beautifully wistful &quot;Trying to Get to Heaven.&quot; His words assume an almost oracular power, possessing a force that cuts to the heart of the mystery and complexity that have been hallmarks of Dylan's career. As seemingly dark and depressing as it sounds on the first few listens, &quot;Time Out of Mind&quot; is ultimately an act of inspired defiance by an elder whose wit, grit and wisdom flow ever more clearly and forcefully from the wellspring of a bruised heart and a battered psyche.
B0000524E5|4.0|Yes, it's one of those mushy feel-good movies with easily-ascertainable plots.  But it's still a good watch.  Don't expect intense drama, just go with it because it's a high-energy movie and it's a fun way to spend two hours.  Who says every movie has to be drama filled and tragic in the first place?  &quot;Coyote Ugly&quot; is a simple movie with songs that are fun to sing along to, a little love story, and energetic dances in between, and, most importantly, it's repeatedly watchable.
0060975768|5.0|A story of war is a canvas for the depiction of human qualities and capabilities. The stakes are not just victory or defeat but life or death. Also, most of the persons involved don't want to be there -- at least that was true as to the average American serviceman in Vietnam. A war-story about Vietnam, then, is a story with very high stakes told about people who usually didn't want to be there and about what they did in a deadly confrontation. This is a subject of inherent drama and worth.<br />We Were Soldiers Once is written by the American field commander in the battle of Ia Drang. The author extensively quotes servicemen who fought in that battle, and their remembrances are vital to this book. At times the book is quite moving, as when the author visits the grave of one of his officers who died in the battle of Ia Drang. At other times, it depicts awesome courage and resourcefulness.<BR>Vietnam was a tragedy. Because of the ultimate futility of it and its exorbitant human cost to both America and Vietnam, it's a shame it happened at all. However, it happened, and Americans who fought and sometimes died in that war deserve to have their stories told.  This book tells a piece of the overall story and tells it well.
B000002U82|5.0|This album is so beautiful for what it is and also for what it is not.  It is a psychedleic experimentaion into the human mind and experience using music.  It is not sold on sex appeal or made to please the public.  Dark side of the moon is an essential album because it is eternal. I honestly think 100 years from now kids will still be listening to this album. If you don't own it, you're truly missing out. Buy it now! &quot;And all you touch and all you see, is all your life will ever be...&quot;
0792147340|1.0|Following the superbly-scripted first part of &quot;Birthright&quot;, the second part is a tremendous let-down.  Pursuing rumors of his father's possible whereabouts, Worf discovers a Romulan prison camp for Klingon survivors of the Khitomer Massacre.  Although Mogh died honorably in battle, his comrades opted to live in dishonor as POWs, and have even conceived offspring during their years of captivity.  These Klingon youngsters have been raised with their Romulan guards, and know nothing of their warrior birthright.  Enter Worf, whose undying hatred toward Romulans cannot tolerate this peaceful coexistence with an enemy race.  As he begins to foment bigotry in the youngsters, and surreptitiously teach them their heritage, he falls in love with a hybrid girl.  Now the benevelent Romulan commandant has a dilemma: the disgraced Klingon POWs will never be accepted on either homeworld, Worf can not be permitted to leave and reveal their existence, yet he cannot stay and destroy the harmony of the camp.  Reluctantly, the Romulan orders Worf's execution. This episode appears hastily-written, poorly-developed.  Worf's &quot;romance&quot; with Ba'el in particular, seems superfluous.  Why would he fall in love with the irritating, simpering, whiny child in the first place; and how could such a legendary bigot so quickly overcome his revulsion of her interspecies conception?  The writers missed several opportunities to develop this relationship.  Perhaps if Worf had taken Ba'el on the hunt instead of the boy Tok, taught her of her Klingon birthright, then his growing feelings for her might have seemed more realistic.  If Ba'el had been the first to stand in Worf's defense, instead of the last, their romance might have had more purpose in the episode.  As it is, the only explanation for her inclusion was to provide a titillating scene of Worf spying on her bathing.  And although Worf succeeds in &quot;liberating&quot; the Klingon youths, including Ba'el, from their captivity, his &quot;love&quot; for the hybrid maiden ends with this episode.  As a Klingon fan, I was eagerly awaiting this sequel to the excellent first half of &quot;Birthright&quot;, but the episode failed to deliver.  Worf, raised by Humans, a discommended exile of the Klingon Empire, the sole member of his species in Starfleet, continues to vacilate in character development.  How is it that he rejects his heritage, and yet is its staunch advocate?  And how can he be qualified to teach it to others?his &quot;love&quot; for the hybrid maiden ends with this episode.  As a Klingon fan, I was eagerly awaiting this sequel to the excellent first half of &quot;Birthright&quot;, but the episode failed to deliver.   Worf, raised by Humans, a discommended exile of the Klingon Empire, the sole member of his species in Starfleet, continues to vacilate in character development.  How is it that he rejects his heritage, and yet is its staunch advocate?  And how can he be qualified to teach it to others?
B000001EGE|4.0|This was part of the first Elton album I ever owned. Back in early 94, I picked up a cassette that had this album on one side, and \\"Don't Shoot Me\\" on the other. I bought the tape for two \\"Don't Shoot Me\\" songs, \\"Crocodile Rock\\" and \\"Daniel\\". ... I think either \\"Honky Chateu\\", or \\"Don't Shoot Me I'm Only The Piano Player\\", are great places to start with Elton, it's too bad the twin pack is not a more common release. ... Anyway, about \\"Honky Chateu\\", the beginning of Elton's most successful time period. After the brilliant, yet somewhat serious and dramatic \\"Madman Across The Water\\", I suppose Elton felt it was time to loosen up a bit, and he did! The first track, \\"Honky Cat\\", has a New Orleans style boogie, and sings of a country boy, blown away by the city life. As for \\"Mellow\\", just what the title says, the laid back days of two lovers; \\"I Think I'm Going To Kill Myself\\", one of the first songs on the album to really pull me in, a hilarious, yet somewhat touching song, with a toe-tappin' beat, and even features tap-dancing! \\"Suzie(Dramas)\\", a catchy song about a small-town boy, at the command of his girlfriend, keeps things moving in the right direction, but then there is \\"Rocket Man\\". Don't get me wrong, \\"Rocket Man\\" is one of Elton's finest singles, but to me, it has always seemed slightly out of place on this album of country style rock and boogie. Eventually, \\"Slave\\" begins to pull things back into the right direction; \\"Amy\\", while bordering on filler, manages to save itself by being witty; \\"Mona Lisas And Mad Hatters\\", a song inspired from Bernie Taupin's(Elton's lyricist) witnessing of a shooting outside of his hotel in New York, is one of the best songs on the album. The album closes with \\"Hercules\\", certainly not the best here, but none the less, catchy and fitting. Like I said, the beginning of the most successful period of Elton's career. If you are just getting into Elton, this is a great starting point, if you are already a big fan, and you don't havethis album, it's a necessity!
B000003EPN|5.0|I learned that this recording was just removed from the RCA print list. What a shame and what a stupid thing to do. This is the finest Rigoletto ever produced. The dream cast includes Bob Merrill, Anna Moffo (one of her finest recordings), Alfredo Kraus, Roz Elias, Ezio Flagello, and conducted by Solti in a bright, vibrant, and stunning recording. It's also one of the best digital remixes I've ever heard--sharp vocals, quality orchestra throughout, finest mixing. The production is also one of the most dramatic Rigolettos ever, which is as it should be. Rigoletto is after all a descent into evil and revenge, and this recording does it justice throughout. I can listen to this recording over and over. A true modern masterpiece. As an opera singer myself, I find it remarkable.
B000002UAX|5.0|Ah, The Beatles. The group that made rock what it is today.  This album is their greatest because it is just good rock. iT is not commercial at all. It is just four great musicians collaborating tomorrow. Please buy this album :) Long live the beatles
B000050XEI|5.0|I have been a fan of Enya's for about a decade now and I have to say that this album is one of her best.  When I heared that she had a new CD out, I rushed to the music store.  Her music has a way of making me feel centered.  Enya's beautiful hormonic voice never fails to touch my soul.  She has never disappointed me with her music, and I hope that she continues  making albums like this one for many years to come.  My favorite Enya CD will always be her crossover hit WATERMARK, but I definitely recommed A DAY WITHOUT RAIN if you're a new fan.
B000003S2K|4.0|I cannot work Eno out.  If you peel back the alternating outer layers of simplicity, complexity and glitz, is the core persona as minimalist as much of his music?  We cannot blame him for his given name (Brian Peter George St. John Le Baptiste de la Salle Eno, incidentally) which perhaps sought to obscure the fact that he was descended from three generations of postmen.  Sensibly he contracted this to the ultra-compact 'Eno', only expanding it a little to 'Brian Eno' upon his departure from Roxy Music.<br />A self-confessed non-musician, his formative roles were playing the signals generator for now-forgotten avant-garde bands.  On stage with Roxy, he resembled a crazed drag telephonist, dressed in a velvet bodice with feather boas and make-up.<br />But in 1973 he rejected the world of limos and bimbos and withdrew to work alone investigating uncharted areas on the fringes of rock.  Recovering from an automobile crash, lying in bed, trying to listen to an album of harp music above the din of rain on his window pane, he was struck by the possibilities of ambient sound.<br />'Music for Airports' was his first experiment in creating music that could become an aspect of the atmosphere of a room.  Like a painting, it can absorb 100% of your attention -- but it doesn't demand it.<br />For me, 'Thursday Afternoon' is a more perfectly consistent fulfilment of the ambient objective.  The vocal processing on '2/1' and '1/2' date the album to the second half of the 1970s, so the album is not quite as timeless as one would want.  If '2/1' is meant to conjure the atmosphere of an airport, then it is a spotlessly clean but also bleak and lonely experience.
0783225210|4.0|I think the movie has mostly jokes 4 people over the age of 12! im over that age so im mature enough. 11 and under probobly wouldnt understand most of the jokes. But overall i thought the movie was funny, amusing, and historical! Well? sort of? Anyway i hope u enjoy this movie as much as i did!
B00005B4GU|4.0|I've never payed much attention to radiohead; however, after seeing pyramid song on mtv, I started to like them. This was the first radiohead album I bought. I found it unique and interesting. I can't stand pulk/pull revolving doors, but aside from that I enjoyed the album. I gave it only 4 stars because I have a feeling I'll get tired of this album pretty soon. Right now, I'ts the best.
B00005J6RE|5.0|Gene Roddenberry had a dream and it was star trek his infinitive vision lives on today with all the new star trek series but his origonal series is still one of the best in these two episodes he continued to live true to the rest or the star trek episodes I recomend this and all the origonal star trek episodes
B00003CY5H|3.0|3 of the best method actors in one movie.How can you go wrong. Of course THE SCORE wasn't the heaviest of movies for all of this talent.Like DENIRO doing his RONIN-HEAT character again. It was cool to see MARLON BRANDO &quot;not&quot; make a fool of himself. Infact BRANDO brings some needed leavity to the movie.Lets not forget EDWARD NORTON who did as much as you could to make his role respectable.Oh,you can sit back and rip this movie apart but the METHOD MAN, is just to sit back an have some fun for a coupla' hours.
0871137380|5.0|Blackhawk Down is excellent from multiple perspectives. It is not heroic prose, it is not anti military and it does not attempt to lay blame as most news accounts did. It is a fact based review of the most documented, video and audio, operation in our history - at least that we know of. It shows how multiple forces on the same mission with different goals and different command structures fell apart due to situation beyond their immediate control. It also shows how the least likey folks often step forward to do the most heroic things while the chest thumpers fall apart. It is a must read for anyone interested in military history, anyone in the service or anyone that cares what our troops are being asked to do every day of the year.
B000003RCY|5.0|I love this band to death! My favorite metal band Metalica became 2nd over night listening to Herzlied and Sehnsucht! can't wait to get Mutter! Fotunitly, I speak German. I have introduced Rammstien to dozens of my freinds and even to stangers, and about 80% of them end up becoming huge fans! The stuff realy gorws on you, however,the first time you listen to it you may fine many of the songs odd and strange due to the unusual and unique style, but after listening to it a few songs you will find your self purchaseing every album! bye bye Korn &amp; Metalica! I'm a dedacated fan for these dudes! They have a unique style of a heavy thusting beat with a catchy techno toutch that pulls you right in!!! Absoluty risk free! You will at least like one of the songs! These guys are getting more and more popular, both in the U.S and Eourope! I'm going to be ticked if I don't see these dudes on MTV!!! Check it out! I'll give you my personal rating of each song-(1-5 stars)<BR>Wolt ihr das bet in flammen sehen?(want to see your bed in flames?)-*****, A great build up in the begining! It starts kinda slow but evolves into a fast thumping beat! this is the song with the least amount of techno. This one is for hard core heavy metalists!<br />Der Meistner (The Master)- ****<BR>A great song! Many transition changes in the text, this one may not seem so great at first, I dindin't like it at first, but if you give it just 30 seconds, youl love it to death! It is quite heavy and the lyrics are...well...heh heh scary!<br />Weises Flisch (white Flesh)- *****<BR>By far one of the big favorites! A great mix of tech and metal! It starts out with a spooky begining, and gts faster and faster and out of the blue it just blows you a way! The lyrics are sick though! It kinda implys rape, but this is by far thier sickist song! But I would recomend not getting the lyrics transalated to this one! It may ruin it for some of you. But a killer beat!<br />Aushe zu Aushe, (Ashes to Ashes)-***<BR>A good song, but not their best. I really dont have a destinctice definition of it.<br />See Man- (lake Man)-****<BR>Okay when I first herd this song, I was like, &quot;what the hell?&quot;<BR>Because it is a slow bllad. And also Till Landerman is not the main vocalist in this one.<br />Du Riecht So Gut, (You Smell So Good)- *****!<BR>AWSOME! Starts out with a catchy techno danceing tune and then the gutiars come in that spontaniously blends right in! This is generally the begining Rammstein fan favorite! <br />Das Alte Lied.(The unfortunite age)-**....slow.....don't really care much for it....But hey, some like it!<br />Hierate Mich, (Marry Me!)-*****!<BR>Ausgezeichnet! Starts with gregorian-sounding voices adn then Till Lander man comes in with his deep sexy German voice wich then turns into a energetic beat! Too cool to describe!<br />Herzlied, (Heart Ache)-****<BR>Dark! Has a violent sound to it.<br />Laich Zeit, (spawn Time)- ****<BR>Good arangement. And cool course!<br />RAMMSTEIN-***<BR>It's alright, has a okay beat and somwhat slow. But a pretty good theme song for the band!<BR>Hope this was helpfull to you!<BR>Dave
B00003CY5K|4.0|Though comparisons to &quot;Clueless&quot; abound, this movie was indeed all about Reese.  Despite success in smaller roles in movies such as &quot;Cruel Intentions&quot; she has never really gotten the same spotlight that has been afforded to other younger actresses.<br />While not the most mentally challenging movie, the script of &quot;Legally Blonde&quot; not only gives her her first leading lady role, but a cute and inspirational story about starting out an underdog and ending up on top.<br />Lots of great one-liners, a good supporting cast, the only weakness of the film (and my 4 vs. 5 star rating) is in the end.. a bit too contrived and cheeseball, but nonetheless a very entertaining movie.  Saw it opening night and the theater was packed, and the whole audience seemed to enjoy it.  Great summer movie.
B000002AS3|4.0|In 1996 and 1997, I was a huge Oasis fan.  Their &quot;where the best band in the world&quot; schtick eventually grew stale with me though and I lost interest.  Since then, I can't find the magic anymore when I put on the pretentious &quot;Be Here Now&quot; or the over-rated &quot;Morning Glory.&quot;  However, &quot;Definitely Maybe&quot; is really the album of theirs that has stood the test of time most impressively.  Songs like &quot;Live Forever,&quot; &quot;Columbia,&quot; &quot;Supersonic,&quot; and especially &quot;Cigarettes &amp; Alcohol&quot; are still just as good now as the first time I heard them (though it's a little discouraging that they peaked so early).  Liam Gallagher gives one of the best performances I've ever heard by a lead singer on this album.  I know not many would agree with this, but I think Liam's vocal capabilities have been ruined since by Noel's songwriting.  In my opinion, this album combined elements of The Beatles and Sex Pistols.  Since this record, they've leaned heavily towards The Beatles end and completely abandoned what they showed they were so good at on this record, being a border-line punk band.  Liam has the greatest sneering vocal maybe ever possessed by a lead singer and I hope Oasis will utilize that again one day by making a more punk rock record than what they've turned out recently.
B00000064G|5.0|I just want to say that I took this CD up camping and it really set the mood. My buddies wanted to hear it over and over again! Real good stuff.
B00003CY5H|3.0|From the previews, THE SCORE, starring Robert De Niro and Edward Norton as the main characters, looks like a fast-paced action film filled with the intrigue and suspense that accompanies movies dealing with robberies and heists. The plot itself was strong and had the potential to be outstanding, but soon into the film it became clear that not even the likes of De Niro or Norton could save it from its own predictability. Being a dedicated fan of both of these talented actors, I did enjoy this film. On the other hand, I noticed that I was able to predict nearly every upcoming event. Brando had no true use in the film, (likewise for Bassett). It seemed as though both roles were irrelevent to the storyline. Out of a possible five stars, I give THE SCORE a 3.0. I also recommend this film for fans of both Norton and De Niro, but I must say that this movie is not among the best works for either of them.
0064407667|5.0|Whoever put this in the children's category?  This is adult humor at its absolute best!  Thank you Mr. Snicket, for the definitions of so many words that I needed a precise rendering of.  I truly loved this book.  I am a school librarian, and will be curious to see if students take to it as much as I did!  Also, fans of this book, you must check out the website - it, too, is delightful.
B00000J6AG|5.0|I would point out its highlights, but I'd have to copy over almost the entire track list. You can just put it in and listen through. The album is amazing.
B000002HRE|1.0|I feel Metallica is the greatest example of a sellout that there ever has been.  They didn't evolve as much as they devolved after Master of Puppets.  They aren't even metal anymore, they are just bluesy soft rock.  If you want to hear some good heavy metal, listen to the first 3 Metallica albums or Led Zepplin, because they are the best example of a band that evolved without selling out or making crappy music.
0790738074|4.0|My daughter likes musicals (at 18 months!) so I bought this for her with fond memories of the musicals my Mom took me to while growing up. My only complaint with this video is the LONG walk down memory lane before the show itself begins. It would be better if that stuff were at the end, so we wouldn't have to wade through it to get to what we want to see.
B00004Z4WQ|5.0|I think the Wayans family are genius. Critics don't give them enough credit or any at all! Which is just crazy to me. I think that they need to be acknowledged more. I liked the movie and I also liked Scary Movie 2. Which I think everyone should go see in the theater. Thumbs up!
B000056K04|4.0|This is definitely not my favorite DMB album, but I have to admit I still do like it.  For one thing, Dave Matthew's vocals are the best I've ever heard on any of their albums.  The lyrics are great as always.  However, I am disappointed by the fact that the violin and saxophone are usually drowned out by the electric guitar or keyboard which are the dominating instruments in almost every song.      My favorite song is &quot;Everyday&quot; the last track of the cd.  It sounds like an older song by the band and is probably the best one on the cd.  &quot;So Right&quot;, &quot;When the World Ends&quot;, and  &quot;Fool to Think&quot; are absolutely amazing songs.     If you're a fan of DMB, you should still get this cd despite all the hype over the switch from acoustic to electric.  I found that I started to like it after listening to it for awhile. It is very different and new from what fans are used to hearing, but it's definitely worth adding to your DMB collection.
B000002MFN|5.0|I have owned Madonna's Erotica for 9 years and every time I listen to it, I realize why it is my favorite album of hers.  Each song is unique in its own way.  One of the songs is a remake of the classic &quot;Fever&quot;.  Madonna goes on to create a little shock with the lyrics to &quot;Where Life Begins.&quot;  A person can't help but giggle a little, especially if you can relate to what she is singing about.  The album starts off with the theme to the whole cd and each song has its own creative style.  Madonna gets personal with &quot;In This Life&quot; where she sings about a friend who died of AIDS.  <br />Erotica is a fun cd to listen to and will definitely make a person want to get their groove on!  It would be appropriate to listen to while getting ready to go out, in the car, or while entertaining friends.  I believe Madonna's voice sounds very mature and grown up on this cd.  She doesn't sound like such a teeny bopper like she does in her earlier works.  <br />Go ahead and buy a copy of this cd if you do not already own it.  Then, watch the video &quot;Live Down Under- The Girlie Show&quot; and you will see these songs put into dance steps.  You will not be disappointed!  Trust me, I have been a huge Madonna fan since I was 13 years old.  That's eighteen years worth of listening to her music.  Enjoy!!
B0000033IS|5.0|A lot of people have called this the best soul album ever. That's selling it short. Certainly Aretha Franklin's voice and piano playing, along with those fat horns behind her, are the very definition of soul. But this album is so good that if you made a list of the best albums of all times in ANY genre this one would have to be on it.<br />Even if you own one of the greatest hits collections, or even the boxed set, you need this album (and probably &quot;Lady Soul&quot; as well). It just all hangs together so beautifully.<br /> &quot;Respect&quot; starts it off with a great big blast of horns and Aretha's commanding voice. Then she slows down and breaks your heart with &quot;Drown In My Own Tears.&quot;  Most of the rest of the songs on the album are more emotionally complicated, combining the qualities of the first two songs. They mine the pain of deep love and at the same time demand respect and decent treatment (You have to understand that this album came out in 1967 - several years before the modern feminist movement began - to realize how remarkable that is. And to this day I don't think any singer other than Lauryn Hill has captured women's simultaneous need for love and dignity as well). <br />The album ends on a perfect note: Sam Cooke's &quot;A Change Is Gonna Come.&quot; Cooke originally wrote the song as a kind of response to Bob Dylan's &quot;The Times They Are A-Changing.&quot; Cooke was more optimistic than Dylan, and the song suggests that despite the pain and turmoil of the sixties, better days were ahead, particularly in the area of civil rights. It's also a deeply religious song. When Aretha sings it, she holds out the same hope and optimism for the country that Sam Cooke did. But in the context of the album, it seems to take on a more personal meaning as well. It's not just about different races learning to get along, but about men and women learning to give each other respect as well. I literally can't listen to her sing it without crying. If this song doesn't set your soul on fire, you haven't got one.<br />All in all, this is one of those rare albums, in the same category as Kind of Blue, Sgt. Pepper, and Blonde on Blonde, that you just have to own and listen to over and over again. It's not just great popular music, it's a work of art.
B000059R8Y|2.0|No bite at all.  Huge clapton fan, so it pains me to write this, but totally mediocre.  Songs have no complexity, all follow a simple, uninspired format.
B000002AH9|5.0|This is the type of album you're hesitant to recommend to someone else, because its beauty is so harrowing that you think your love for it must be unusual. And yet, I noticed that no one so far has given it less than a five-star review. Yes, in some ways it's a painful record to listen to, but the greatest art IS difficult. In the end, the pain in Billie Holiday's voice is not so much harrowing as human. Everyone has felt what she expresses here, and that makes this record universal.
0380973650|4.0|I have always admired Gaiman's take on the gods from his Sandman days. They are often amusing, frequently diabolical, and always very, very cool. The gods in this novel are no different, but the context in which they appear here gives them a sharp little sting: every one of the gods in the book is, in the end, self-serving, and thus they are perfect gods for Americans. Even Jesus has been reduced to a god called on before football games--ouch! That hurt a wee bit. Thanks, Neil, we needed that.<br />My only criticism is that the protagonist could be a bit more developed. Shadow's history is somewhat neglected, especially the impetus for the assault and robbery that landed him in jail. But, to be fair, perhaps Gaiman intended Shadow to be a bit flat: even his wife comments that he takes up space, but there's nothing really there. If Shadow is meant to be the token American here, then the commentary becomes even sharper, and so I can excuse the lack of development as the price paid to make a point--but I still am left wanting to know more about Shadow.<br />Assume that my rating is 4 and 7/8 stars. What we have here is a juicy mythological buffet, a veritable cornucopia of literary ambrosia; its minor flaw is no reason not to belly up and feed. Enjoy, gentle friends!
078322799X|5.0|THE FRIGHTENERS is an anomaly among horror films.  It has no bad acting, no sex-starved teenagers, or any other of the trappings that give horror movies a bad name.  Instead it is well acted, by the entire cast, and the plot is very original.  Plus it is very funny too.<br />Michael J. Fox plays a man who speaks to deceased people who have yet to make a transition to the afterlife.  He also sees numbers on the foreheads of the living who are about to become victims of a serial killer who may have literally cheated death.  Of course, his &quot;ability&quot; brings suspicion instead of respect.  And you can guess who is a suspect at this point.<br />There are a lot of great things that can be said for THE FRIGHTENERS like the plot and the special effects.  But the characters are the true strength of the movie.  John Astin is funny as a ghost.  As is the dead drill sergeant who is played by the same actor, who was a DS in real life, as the DS in FULL METAL JACKET.  Jeffrey Combs is great as the FBI agent who reminds you of someone who walked out of one of H.P. Lovecraft's stories.  There are more characters, but those are my favorites.<br />This was directed by Peter Jackson, who also directed the ultra gory classics BAD TASTE and DEAD/ALIVE.  For a time, I thought Jackson fell off the face of the earth because this movie did not quite do that well at the box office.  But from what I hear Jackson directed the upcoming LORD OF THE RINGS movies.  If he put half the effort into LOTR that he did into THE FRIGHTENERS, audiences are going to be in for a treat.
B00003CY5K|5.0|Elle Woods, the character played by Reese Witherspoon, is a hero indeed. It has been a long time since a movie has been made where things actually go well. There is minimal drama and a healthy dose of chuckles in this new comedy. Reminiscent of Romy and Michelle's High School Reunion and Superstar, this film takes that same innocent humor and elevates to a new level of intellect and wit. Ms. Witherspoon's performance is phenomenal, and Elle Woods is a heroine that will surely encourage our young women to strive for excellence. This is a must-see for all ages.
B000002H2H|5.0|Between 1984 and 1988, Metallica unleashed a musical trilogy that will perhaps never be equaled.  Even though Metallica may not have set out to create an intentional trilogy, the combined power of these three albums is quite potent.  The first was RIDE THE LIGHTNING (1984), which was mostly about death in one form or another.  Second was MASTER OF PUPPETS (1986), a major progression that was concerned with control.  And third was ...AND JUSTICE FOR ALL (1988), a colossal album that attacked injustice. If these albums were movies, they would be THE GODFATHER or STAR WARS.  If they were books they would be like Frank Herbert's DUNE.  That is how good these albums are together.  Metallica focused more thought, technique, energy, and feeling during these four years than scores of combined artists do in their lifetimes.  But on to the review.<br />Metallica really stepped forward from Kill 'em All on all levels.  The music is more technical and diverse.  The lyrics were smarter and mostly unified by a theme: death.  And Metallica introduced several types of songs:  the intense opening song with the calm intro, the extended epic second track, their trademark ballad, the majestic instrumental, and a high speed finale.  They were groundbreaking for the time, some still are.  For example, nobody played a song like &quot;Fight Fire with Fire&quot; in 1984.  Nobody.<br />While this album may sound a little dated , I still feel that it, along with MOP and AJFA are essential for not only heavy metal fans, but thinking music lovers as well.  These three albums showed Metallica not just evolving, but mutating.  And mutating at a frightening rate.
0780628551|2.0|I think this story was interesting, new and keeps the viewer glued to the movie.  Unfortunately the viewer's not stop attention was caused by confusion and a constant search for answers that are never totally revealed.  The screenplay needs more development and editing. As a avid sci-fi fan, I was very disappointed with what could have been a great movie with newness in plot and very good actors.<br />The blame should be placed with the screen play writer who failed miserably in plot development, the editing, and the audio engineer.<br />The plot development could have been much enhanced with more information surrounding the character Sherman Reese. Why was he fired?  What did he know? How deep was the NASA coverup and why?The briefcase contents could have been much more effective with more revelation of the contents than only the VHS tape. Mr.Reese obviously made the tape in case of his death, so why did he want to share the contents with Jillian prior to his meeting Spenser at the subway exit? The dream sequences could also have been better developed to aid plot cohesion. While riding in the taxi, what did Jillian see coming down a building's stairs?  Even viewing in frame by frame mode, it was unclear to me.  These are just some examples of poor congruency and unclear development.  The ending left the viewer empty and unfullfilled in their quest for answers and with a feeling of being setup for a sequal.<br />Technically, especially with 5.1 surround systems, the sound levels were from extreme soft to very loud. This viewer got so tired of adjusting the volume level, he finally set volume control level much lower than usual and used closed captioning to aid comprehension of the soft conversations.<br />In conclusion, this sci-fi maven was very disappointed because TAW was fresh, full of possibilities, and could have been just plain excellent. But after watching the film twice, this viewer felt cheated.
B000002JS8|2.0|I feel that 3 stars is pushing it just a little too much, so more like 2 1/2 or 2 3/4. At least this is 1000 times better than everything after this album! The only thing I like about this album is that Bon Scot is on here. Brian Johnson's voice gets on my nerves more than any other singer's. There are 2 halfway decent tracks on here, &quot;Shot Down In Flames&quot;, and &quot;Girls Got Rhythm&quot;. If u want some good old school AC/DC, get &quot;High Voltage&quot;, &quot;Dirty Deeds&quot;, &quot;Powerage&quot;, or &quot;Let There Be Rock'.
B00004ZB9D|5.0|If you like Lenny's songs, this is a great collection.  If you want only the best he has to offer from all previous CD's, this is great.  There are only a couple songs that did not hit the charts, but they are great also.
B00004TH7Z|1.0|Wow, what a humongous disappointment this was! At first, I was more than excited for this album to come out. Well, after buying it, all I can say is IT WAS NOT WORTH THE WAIT!!!! Aside from the opening track, &quot;The Wickerman&quot;, this album sounds more like a Kamelot album than it does a classic Maiden album. If you are looking 4 some good Maiden, buy &quot;Number Of The Beast&quot;, self titled, &quot;Killers&quot;, &quot;Piece Of Mind&quot;, or &quot;Powerslave&quot;.
6305399212|5.0|'Aliens' is a great film with thrills and intense action.  The srory is great and has great little twists.  If you only get to watch one film from the 'Alien' series make it the second one,'Aliens'.  The first is great too.  The acting is graet and the special effects are awsome.  The sound make the film suspensful.  Sounds like the Blip,Blip,Blip of the Motion Trackers.  Aliens is an awsome film wich will always be a classic.
B00003CY5H|5.0|Despite the potential for competition between the two great stars, De Niro and Brando, Edward Norton holds his own in this movie.  <br />Even without extravagant promotional expense in our Las Vegas market, the showings were packed with viewers of all ages.  I was gratified to see that, for once, a &quot;caper&quot; movie was not dominated by special effects such as impossible physical combat or car chase scenes.<br />You will be surprised at the ending and anyone who starts to discuss this movie with a person had better warn them not to reveal it.<br />Brando's presence is more than a cameo and adds just the right touch of class you would expect from a pro who knows how not to overplay a role.<br />This one will have real legs for months.  I suspect the first weekend's box office results will delight the producers.
B00000JGEF|5.0|This is one of my favorite films.  And I don't just mean Sci-Fi films.  The action is intense and the sound is awsome.  The predator itself is cool.  It is in my top three monster list, right alongside the Aliens from 'Aliens' and Pumpkinhead.  They're all Stan Winston's work and he's great.  I wouldn't recomend this film to those who hate Sci-Fi and alot of gore and language.  Predaor is a great film with a Terrific monster!!!
B000001IPL|5.0|Make sure it's this one. This is my favorite punk CD of all time. Smash is the Offspring's third release, and it is like a combination of what they where trying to perfect with Ignition and Self-Titled. This CD has some amazing songs on it, from the well known songs like Come out and Play and Self-Esteem, which are still played on alternative radio station, to lesser known sleeper hits like Gotta Get Away, Bad Habit, Nitro, and Not the One. There is not a song on this CD that I don't like, even though I would call Genocide mediocre for the high standards set on this CD. Some people seem to dislike So Alone, but I think the desperate screaming on it is just great. This is the culmination of an era for The Offspring, after this disk they turned a tad more pop, even though I am a supporter of their new music and I am glad they changed their sound. (if they had 3 CDs that sounded just like Smash, Smash would'nt be such highly regarded.) If you cna only have one Offspring CD, heck, if you can only have one CD period, pick up Smash by The Offspring. It truely is the greatest Offspring disk, and should be one of the top 3 of the 1990's.
B00003CXHJ|1.0|I wasn't exepcting a history lesson when I went to see this movie. Most of the greatest war films (Bridge over the River Kwai being one of them) were not entirely true to life. The real problem with this film that it seems to be one of a seemingly endless speil of \\"movies\\" that all have the same simplistic plot, the same characters, the same action, the same ending and for chrissakes Hollywood it is getting BORING! I can't believe that people still spend millions at the cinema to watch the same old blockbuster tripe that is trawled out every summer! I was disappointed to see U571 in this category, especially as it was directed by Jonathan Mostow, who also did the excellent \\"Breakdown\\". I don't have a problem with historical inaccuracies but I do find it disturbing when these films are linked to real events. Why even mention engima at all? Why not just write an entirely fictional account? I know it's fiction but after having a massive argument in a chatroom about the \\"historical epic\\" the \\"Patriot\\", I now know that there are a frightening amount of stupid people (mostly American) who actually believe that these films portray the real events. Even more disturbing is the way that the films cover up anything that might be detrimental to how the world views America. There was a black guy along for the ride so that we all know America was not a racist, segregated country in the 40's. I'm surprised there wasn't a token woman on board so that one of the crew would have somebody to shag at the end of the movie. I couldn't have given a rat's about any of the one-dimensional characters. We were never properly introduced to any of them so we never cared when any of them died or had to prove themselves. The U571 crew, naturally, were all portrayed as ruthless, evil murderers with the subtlety of an A-bomb. And there was me thinking they were just ordinary people with families fighting for their country as well. Silly me. Watching Das Boot, I sweated with those guys and I was cursing the allies for bombing them in the Straits of Gibraltar. That is what a good film truly does to you. It makes you care, not laugh. And I liked the way the Yanks made a heroic comment about not firing until fired upon just so that we'd know they were the good guys - and then proceeding to machine-gun everything that moved. (Can you use a machine gun in a sub? Won't it ricochet everywhere?) Finally, it is about time that directors woke up to the fact that big explosions do not make a good film - especially when the cinema is all laughing hysterically at the dialogue that is being spoken. I'm amazed such a number of good actors went along with this, still I guess they have mortgages to pay. In the end the only reason I can think of for watching this is the large amount of good-looking men in it. If they'd done the movie butt-naked it would have been a lot more interesting.
B00000BKDX|5.0|...Ever heard a live album where every track sounds so much better than the studio version? Rare, extremely rare isn't it..especially for a rock album. Without any exaggeration this in my opinion is the best of all IRON MAIDEN's albums. The musical arrangement is 1st rate, lending power and glory to the music. Justice is done by Bruce Dickinson's tremendously potent rendition of these maiden classics, both in volume and heart. Absolutely no Maiden fan should be without this album. From the opening hurrah of ACES HIGH through the pulsating rhythm of the TROOPER and culminating with a phenomenal live delivery of RUNNING FREE, this album will one day rank alongside material worthy of keeping in a timecapsule...METAL @ ITS FINEST!!
B00003CXSM|4.0|I was  so happy to discover that the wedding planner is already on dvd so I rented it and went home to see it after seeing it I've 2 words to say:Too Predictable. The main actors here are:Jennifer Lopez is Mary Fiore a wedding planner who goes by the word:those who can't wed plan and: Matthew McConaughey is Dr.Steve Eddison the one who saves mary's life from a bizzare accident and she falls in love with him and u know the deal....... This is the first jennifer lopez movie I've ever seen (ok I saw anconda but only for 15 min)and she's a good actress. The director of the movie had stuck to the regular formula man rescue a woman woman falls in love with the man blah blah blah....This movie is cute not great but cute.
B00003CY5H|3.0|The Score is a very clever and intriguing crime movie.  Although it is not of the same caliber as Shawshank Redemtion, it does seem to provide an excellent &quot;inside look&quot; at the world of high-risk thieves, including planning and overall execution.  The film is boring in very few instances and comes together at the end with pure creativity.
B000002H6C|5.0|This album is the ultimate metal album for any metal fan.  Metallica went where they, nor any other band, have ever gone into recorded music with ...AND JUSTICE FOR ALL.  Although the bass is nearly inaudible, the drums dominate this album, for probably the first time in metal history.  The heavy guitars are also very well crafted, especially in the songs ONE and ...AND JUSTICE FOR ALL.  In the solos of BLACKENED and EYE OF THE BEHOLDER have almost an Indian sound to them.  If you're looking for a Metal album with heavy riffs and fast solos, this is the one to buy.
B000001E8S|5.0|Brian Eno is a true genius and deserves a whole lot of credit for his work with U2, particularly on Zooropa.  Nobody realized this more than U2 themselves, so they decided to turn the tables and work with him, not as producers, but as the other 4 members of the supergroup.<br />What you get on this album is the best of both worlds.  You have Eno's wonderful music with a prevelant influence by U2, seen most of all with lyrics and singing, mostly by Bono, one by Edge, part of one by (believe it or not) Adam, and yes even one by Eno!  Some of the tracks make it straight to the top of both artist's respective lists: Slug, Your Blue Room, Always Forever Now, Miss Sarajevo etc....<br />In the classic Eno tradition, the songs on the album are for a specific situation: in this case they are all for movies.  On the sleeve, a short paragraph describes each movie and gives you a nice image for the song.<br />This might be the best late night album of all time.  The beginning of Slug is said to be inspired by the twinkling lights of Tokyo before sunrise (how about that!).  The sonic landscapes and atomospheric quality of the music are absolutely marvelous.<br />This is as fine a collaboration as has ever been done and Original Soundtracks 2 has been a dream of mine for about 5 years.  Incredibly interesting and highly recommendable for fans of both artists.
0312243022|5.0|This is one of the best books I have ever read, and I've read my fair share. The only contemporary novels that can touch it in excellence, to me, would have to be Toni Morrison's &quot;Beloved&quot; and Michael Chabon's &quot;The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier and Klay.&quot; This isn't a large book, but it is an exceptional book because of what Cunningham makes his characters perceive about themselves and life in general. Every sentence is a celebration- there is not a false or thrown-away word in the entire novel. You could either have an 800-page piece of garbage, or you could have a concentrated masterpiece that is consistently engaging.<br />As for the reviews I have read, I do not know what to make of them. People call this book melancholy and depressive. I myself cannot why that must be so. The characters go through various ordeals and the occasional tragedy, but at the end of the day they are themselves, and they acknowledge &quot;the physical manifestation of the central mystery itself&quot;- that life is composed of the small, insignificant moments. With that practical realization in mind, they all survive, happy with what they end up with. There are moments of indescribable beauty in this book, with Cunningham being our tour guide through the beauty of an ordinary day. The nuances and connections with &quot;Mrs. Dalloway&quot; throughout this book are brilliant and at times overwhelming. This is a book that fully deserved the Pulitzer Prize, I don't care what anyone else says, and I think it's triumph there centers around how it is a very small book (220 pages, with large print) and how the majority of its characters are gay. But that doesn't matter. &quot;The Hours&quot; is the definitive homage to Virginia Woolf, and my favorite novel ever.
B00004Z511|5.0|If you've heard clips and/or watched blips, and were interested enough to find yourself reading this review (or vice versa....go listen and watch!), just steps away from owning this item, then I highly recommend it.<br />Besides containing the controversial masterpiece Kid A, you get a very nice children-styled cardboard book.  The artwork is phenomenal, the best of any Radiohead release in my opinion.  It contains some of the original images that are sometimes recognizable in the regular booklet.  Only these are not computer treated and much more colorful.  They are just really great paintings.<br />The book contains text as well.  On the top of each painting is a part of a short poem about, well it's hard to explain....it's about nothing.  They treat nothing like something....at this point I'll stop and say that it would be even wierder if we knew what it was about.  It's a very nice, and clever, play of words.<br />This book, while not a particularly rare item, is still my favorite Radiohead item.  The thing is that it will be rare soon.  Because of it's limited edition status, once stores sell out it will be very hard to find and expensive.  So whether or not you already have Kid A, get this while it's easily available.
0345441184|5.0|The First time I read this book was over 15 years ago - and while some other books have come close, nothing compares to being lost in this now famous and classic re-telling of the legend of King Arthur.  Rather than taking the easy road of embellishing the tale many know so well, Bradley chose to change the point of view - and in doing so, captures the imagination and dares you not to read 'just one more chapter.'<br />I've now given countless copies to friends and family, and have yet to be disappointed by their responses.  Yes, it's long (not long enough for me though!), but the time is well spent.<br />With the mini-series debuting tonight, I concluded reading this incredible book once again last weekend.  That now makes my fifth time, and I doubt it will be my last.<br />If you love period pieces - a new twist on an old legend - or simply enjoy a book with rich character development, then this is a must read!!!
158234082X|4.0|A lot of the stuff he was talking about I already knew, but it's the *way* he says it that makes it so appealing...  Also much of it is funny just because it's true   This was the most genuinely entertaining book I ever read   But I'm probably biased because Mr. Bourdain shares my contempt for vegans and Emeril...  But overall it's a handy book, certainly worth having around if for the cooking tips and shock value alone
B0000029LG|5.0|I absolutely love this album. Michael Jackson truly is the King of Pop. Most people more than likely know most of these songs, since almost all of them have been in the top charts at one time or another. Many of the songs have an awesome beat, and they come over very powerful with Michael's strong vocals. There are also a variety of his most popular soft songs, which are mainly about poor children, since Michael has supported many childrens organizations. My personal favorites on these two CD's are &quot;Billie Jean&quot;, &quot;Man in the Mirror&quot;, &quot;They don't care about us&quot;, &quot;Stranger in Moscow&quot;, &quot;Earth Song&quot;, &quot;Come together&quot;, and &quot;2 Bad&quot;. However, in the end they are all very good; I definetely recommend this CD.
1556154844|5.0|This book should be read by every programmer - no matter how experienced he or she is. And not just read and tossed away, but kept as everyday reference. I think that like all good books it will never loose its value. Languages and technologies change, but good programming practices don't.
0375756736|4.0|&quot;Sense and Sensibility&quot; is a witty, diverting book that was a pleasure to read. I was eager to read another novel by Jane Austen after so thoroughly enjoying &quot;Pride and Prejudice&quot;, and was far from disappointed. Austen creates wonderful stories full of depth, elegance and an endless supply of witticisms. There are so many terrific quotes in her novels that it gets hard to pick a favorite. Don't be hesitant to pick this book up - a year ago I would have laughed if someone had told me that I would be a Jane Austen fan. I'll never regret giving it a chance, so I hope that you will too.
B00003CX5P|4.0|I have heard some say that they waited in line 18 hours to see a flop. Some people say it was nearly as bad as Dune (which if done today, whoops it has been, wouldn't and wasn't that bad). Some said they didn't like Jar-Jar. I liked this movie, saw it with seven people in the theatre on the second day (saw it at 1 in the afternoon when everyone had gone back to school and work, no line mind you) and actually liked Jar-Jar. I look at it like this: A lot of people didn't like Episode IV when it came out in theatres. This is a growing pain for Lucas. A New Hope did things no other movie had done before it, and Episode I did too. I look back at the original series and Harrison Ford didn't even actually start acting until most of the way into ANH, actually about the scene when he met Princess Leia did he actually act. If Lucas is true to form, then this will be a hiccup that starts a new trend. So in shorter words: the plot was a little cheesy, the acting a little foupa, and the action not so exciting at times, but definitely worth the 7 times seeing it in the theatre and the almost worn out cassete tape I paid for it.
0375703861|1.0|It's tough to write a plausible novel in you mid-twenties. You've had limited life experience. Even worse, you don't yet realize that. If you're wise, you stick to your personal sphere and come out with something like disguised autobiography, and many authors have found success following that formula. Stray from it at your peril because if you're brilliant, you'll end up with Pickwick Papers. But if you're ordinary you'll produce something like White Teeth. This is another in that depressing line of books written by someone who's looked at life mainly through a TV set. Characters ape their on-screen representations instead of the other way around and are consequently believable only to those for whom life mimics pulp fiction. The story hops around in a vain attempt at drama and creativity. There are excellent books up for literary awards in the UK this year and some fine first novels (try Azzopardi's The Hiding Place). How White Teeth finds its way into their company escapes me.
B000002AP1|3.0|I love The Stooges. I admit, I bought this LP without the vaguest idea of what I was getting into. I had never heard The Stooges before, and what I knew of Iggy Pop was of little consequence (I didn't really like Iggy Pop). The absolute truth is, I bought this album for the cover. I just think he looks like the epitome of rock and roll. That was several years ago. This album was made one year after I was. David Bowie produced the original, which I still have on vinyl. However, now, there is a remaster of Raw Power, on CD of course, and it boasts 'produced by Iggy Pop'. I wondered why. <br />As it turns out, this album would have been released in 1972, along with me, but instead there were many arguments over it's production, I suppose between Iggy Pop and David Bowie, though I wouldn't know for sure. I, being a David Bowie fan more than anything else (old Bowie, of course..) was reluctant to upgrade to the CD, but the price was so good, I couldn't help it. I must say, the sound is far better. <br />The clarity is amazing, and I don't normally notice clarity on CD's necessarily, but Raw Power is so full of fuzzy guitar, gritty vocals, chest-echoing bass, and frantic drumming that the clarity of Iggy Pop's production makes them all much more-so. <br />But, I feel this is a bit of a strange Stooges album. I really like certain parts of it. Like Search And Destroy and Death Trip, but most of the songs in-between, though loud and furious, are not well sculpted enough, like their earlier two albums. It seems they have taken a much more demented-rockabilly stance on this one. I still think it's worth having, and would be good at backyard parties or driving with the windows down or taking a shower. And chances are good that most others would love this album a lot more than me.<br />The cover, like I said, is amazing, but if you want the best Stooges album, get their debut (simply called The Stooges) it's fantastic from start to finish (then get Funhouse).<br />So, ultimately, I give three-stars, for the sound is really great, but the songs kinda suck.
0783229526|1.0|Director cowriter Terry Gilliams adaptation of Hunter S Thompsons infamous pseudobiographical epic of gonzo-journalistic social commentary is a veritable mess from start to finish: an absolutely unwatchable jumble of surrealistic images and uncontrolled self-indulgent perfor mances by leads Johnny Depp fitfully funny as Thompson surrogate Raoul Duke and Beicio Del Toro utterly loathsome as bestial Dr Gonzo.This intellectually bankrupt project does little beyond wallowing,as its characters do, in substance-abused excess.
B00003CXPD|4.0|\\"Billy Elliot,\\" one of 2000's best films, is far more than just the typical coming-of-age story.  It is a paean to all of us who have, at one time or another, felt ourselves to be \\"different\\" from society as a whole (and who among us, in moments of quiet honesty, would deny feeling this way at some time or other in our lives?).  \\"Billy Elliot\\" takes us back to that time in our lives - early adolescence - when we are just beginning to experience the manifold wonders of the world, when we are just beginning to explore those things which makes us feel good, and when we are just starting that long process of self-discovery that will ultimately define who we are and what we love.  Such a journey can be an easy one if, for instance, that thing that we choose to love happens to be socially acceptable - i.e. football for boys or cooking for girls - but what if it isn't?  What if, say, the focus of attention for a young boy growing up in a poor English mining town happens to be ballet dancing?  Then growing up and staying true to oneself suddenly become all that more challenging.  If for no other reason, \\"Billy Elliot\\" deserves credit for tackling and illuminating the tricky and sometimes uncomfortable subject of adolescent gender-bending.<br />Billy is an 11-year old boy whose life provides little opportunity for warmth or joy.  His father and brother are striking miners, his beloved mother has recently passed away and his maternal grandmother struggles with the disorientation that comes with advancing senility.  The one ray of light in Billy's otherwise drab, humorless life is his fascination with the ballet class that meets in the same gym where he is supposed to be receiving his boxing lessons.  One of the great joys of \\"Billy Elliot\\" comes in these early scenes as we see Billy going to enormous lengths to hide the truth of his activities, secreting his dancing shoes under his mattress or inside his trousers or absconding with a book on dancing from a local book mobile etc.  Who among us can fail to identify with this sense that, if others discovered what we REALLY loved, we would quickly become a pariah, a misfit, an outcast?  Haven't we all, at some time or other, secretly hidden objects that meant the world to us but that others just wouldn't understand if they saw we had them?  Well, \\"Billy Elliot\\" reminds us that it is okay to be different, that indeed pursuing our goal - whatever it is - is the single most important step to achieving personal happiness.<br />In terms of plotting, there is not really much that is new here.  The conflict-ridden lower class family, the recently dead mother, the feisty, sympathetic teacher who places all her faith in her young pupil, the initial reluctance on the part of the family and the community to accept Billy's dream and their ultimately yielding to his wishes - these are all elements we have seen in films before.  Yet, somehow, \\"Billy Elliot\\" never seems clich&eacute;d or derivative, partly because writer Lee Hall and director Stephen Daldry get the details of character and setting so right and partly because Jamie Bell delivers such a luminous, naturalistic performance as Billy.  Thanks to Bell's subtle underplaying, Billy never comes across as precious or precocious.  He is just an ordinary kid with an extraordinary gift who is not afraid to ultimately stand up and defend his own originality.  As the ballet instructor, Julie Walters conveys just the right combination of firm determination and openhearted compassion to make her a believable inspiration to her young charge.  Gary Lewis, Jamie Draven and Jean Heywood are all excellent as Billy's father, brother and grandmother respectively.<br />The term \\"feel good movie\\" is often the kiss of death when it comes to encouraging the less sentimentally inclined among us to check out a film.  But \\"Billy Elliot\\" really is a movie that could serve a salutary purpose.  If it inspires even one parent to allow a child to fulfill his or her dream - regardless of what it happens to be - it may be one of those rare films that actually does some good in the world.  Not bad for a little independent charmer like this one.rdless of what it happens to be - it may be one of those rare films that actually does some good in the world.  Not bad for a little independent charmer like this one.
0671027573|5.0|This book is wonderful. Ms. Howard has done it again. I have read a lot of her books and I have to say they are all wonderful, but this book has something different from her other books, it's extremely funny. This book is also a page turner. I fineshed all four hundred and plus pages in one day, I couldn't put the book down. I strongly recommend this book, I think it's one of her best book yet.A MUST BUY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B000001FN1|5.0|along with udo,king diamond,dokken,europe,and yngwie tis cd which i had on vinyl,is one of my favorites,true as steel was also good,but this was better the guitar work was contemporary/gothic rock,and doro was great too.my favorite song i would have to say was kiss of death.it's music like this that never diedin popularity in europe.this,back for the attack,norum's total control,out ofthis world,and trilogy,as well as the other pieces,made me want to immigrate from scumerica.no john cougar albums here,no rap records,hate football.speak 3 languages,have no criminal record,and don't own a pitbull.no plans for florida either.now rock is returning long live the perfect music and all the straight a dropouts .long livethe now wealthy in our case the rockers the real winners the chosen few that this culture created . long live zero the hero.......
6304039506|5.0|If you don't know why Elaine yelled &quot;Stella&quot; during a truly funny  Seinfeld - you've been deprived of an awesome experience.  Brando and Vivien Leigh have crafted a fine piece of acting.  &quot;Streetcar&quot; has powerful elements: lust, desperation, deceit, love, jealousy, loyalty, etc.  You can feel the heat of Stanley's and Stella's marriage.  An essential for any movie collection.
B000002URV|5.0|I have bought this CD about 3 times because I've lost it. I can never imagine being without it. It is erotic and beautiful and everytime I hear it, it brings back wonderful memories. I DEFINITELY recommend getting this CD. Another one you may like is &quot;Tempermental&quot; by &quot;Everything but the girl&quot;. This is definitely the music to put on while you make love.
B000006O7C|5.0|tout d'aboard, je suis si heureuse que quelqu'un a fait la critique de cet album en francais. J'apprends le francais est j'aime bien lire n'importe quoi qui a ecrive en cette langue belle (et aussi, c'est bonne pour moi utiliser mon connaissances du francais quand je peux. (Maleheuruesement, je ne me debrouille en francais; je ne l'ai qu'apprendu pour vers un ane et une demi, donc, je m'excuse de ma mauvaise grammaire aupres des lecteurs. Bref, en ce qui concerne l'album &quot;Sketches for my Sweetheart the Drunk&quot; par Jeff Buckley, je ne veux pas dire quelquechose superflu (vu que il y a beaucoup des critiques de cet album), alors, je voudrais dire simplement qui c'est une des plus bizzares et beaux assortiments des chansons que j'ai entendu en ma vie. La musique est assuree, sombre, et effrayante. Elle vous amene aux endroits obsedants et francs, et elle ne degage pas en sa beaute. L'album n'est pas complet? Et alors! Il ne manque pas un grain seul, il est absolument fantastique, vraiment. Je l'ai passe a plusieurs reprises, et si vous l'acheter, vous ferez de meme, je promis.
B00003CXZ4|2.0|The screenwriter came up with a clever idea, but couldn't figure out what to do with it.  The movie raises questions and builds tension and then ends suddenly without resolving them.  The ending was a huge letdown.  Lots of writers can dream up challenging puzzles; only the really good ones know how to resolve them.
B00003CXSP|2.0|I'm sure most people will agree with me that &quot;Silence of the Lambs&quot; was one of the greatest movies of all time.  Be reassured, this movie was not!  It was boring, all of the scenes just dragged on and on and on.  What could've been a repeat of &quot;Scilence&quot; turned out to be a big flop.  Ridley Scott amazes with &quot;Gladiator&quot;, don't expect the same from this.  What turned out to be a 2 hour 20 minute movie should've been about 50 minutes long.  BORING! (The only thing that made me give it 2 stars were a few cool death scenes, in case you were wondering.)
B00003CY5K|1.0|I can't believe that I actually spen ...my hard earned money to go see these movie. Don't listen to what the critics say about this movie. So the movie has a \\"surprisingly well developed plot\\" huh? Yeah it does, but the plot is is simply one big dumb blonde joke that some idiot decided to make into a movie. Just goes to show the slipping mantality of the American culture. America is beginning act like 11 year olds more and more. Makes me sad to be an American....
B00004WGYA|5.0|I can still remember the first time I took RIO out of its LP sleeve, Christmas of 1983, and put it on my god-awful, ancient record player.  It didn't matter how bad the player was, the album sounded awesome, and after a listen or two, Duran Duran quickly became my favorite band.     Duran Duran have always been known for releasing multiple versions of their songs, many times over in some cases.  Whether or not the exact mixes on this remaster are what you're expecting is of little consequence.  &quot;Hungry Like the Wolf&quot; and &quot;Hold Back the Rain&quot; have shorter versions than my LP had, but those versions were special mixes anyway (Night Version for &quot;Hungry&quot;).  Honestly, every version on this remaster is the best version in my opinion, extended remixes aside.       In addition to that, the CD sounds noticeably better than the previous CD release.  I played them track by track, side by side, and the difference is stark.  It's an excellent recording.     As for the sleeve and the bonus materials -- worth every penny.  It felt like a time warp for me when I sifted through the multimedia features, like 1982-83 all over again.  The sleeve itself is really nice too, as is the lyrics insert (looks like the original LP).  The insert is a huge improvement over the original CD, which looked terrible, like someone stuck it in the XEROX machine without paying any attention to what the hell they were doing.  If you're a collector, this Limited Edition is a must.     So take the time warp.  You'll hear the songs, feel the nostalgia, appreciate how good RIO sounds... and then you'll realize just how good the whole album itself is.  You'll listen to it over and over again, and then it'll hit you -- RIO will sound this good long beyond 2001, just as it's stood the test of time since '82.  It's one of the best albums I've ever heard, from any musical genre.  Enjoy every second of it.
6301966562|5.0|I first saw this beautiful movie in the early eighties.  A friend loaned it to me and I watched it about 4 times before returning it.  I purchased the album soundtrack and nearly wore it out.  I am hoping the price of this movie comes down soon, I'd love to buy it.  I recently was able to borrow a copy of the tape from my local library. I watched it with my daughter and it was just as great as I remember.
B00004WGYA|5.0|I can still remember the first time I took RIO out of its LP sleeve, Christmas of 1983, and put it on my god-awful, ancient record player.  It didn't matter how bad the player was, the album sounded awesome, and after a listen or two, Duran Duran quickly became my favorite band.     Duran Duran have always been known for releasing multiple versions of their songs, many times over in some cases.  Whether or not the exact mixes on this remaster are what you're expecting is of little consequence.  &quot;Hungry Like the Wolf&quot; and &quot;Hold Back the Rain&quot; have shorter versions than my LP had, but those versions were special mixes anyway (Night Version for &quot;Hungry&quot;).  Honestly, every version on this remaster is the best version in my opinion, extended remixes aside.       In addition to that, the CD sounds noticeably better than the previous CD release.  I played them track by track, side by side, and the difference is stark.  It's an excellent recording.     As for the sleeve and the bonus materials -- worth every penny.  It felt like a time warp for me when I sifted through the multimedia features, like 1982-83 all over again.  The sleeve itself is really nice too, as is the lyrics insert (looks like the original LP).  The insert is a huge improvement over the original CD, which looked terrible, like someone stuck it in the XEROX machine without paying any attention to what the hell they were doing.  If you're a collector, this Limited Edition is a must.     So take the time warp.  You'll hear the songs, feel the nostalgia, appreciate how good RIO sounds... and then you'll realize just how good the whole album itself is.  You'll listen to it over and over again, and then it'll hit you -- RIO will sound this good long beyond 2001, just as it's stood the test of time since '82.  It's one of the best albums I've ever heard, from any musical genre.  Enjoy every second of it.
B000002579|5.0|As far as Kansas albums go, this one is a beauty! There is not one bad song on it and the music is a beautiful blend (as always) of Classical and Rock. Kerry Livgren's songwriting talents shine brightly on Cheyanne Anthem, a touching tribute to the American Indian and on The Wall in which Kerry seems to be finding the answers to life. Robby Steinhardt's violin, Steve Walsh's piano, Dave Hope's killer Bass playing help make this a must-own Kansas album.
B000002L7R|5.0|ATWIAD may be the most forgoten record Prince has ever had, and that's a shame. At first when this album was released in 1985, people didn't take to it because it wasn't Purple Rain. That is what helps it stand out as being one of the very best of Prince's albums. Imagine Prince's funk mixed with a little 1960's Soul Psychodelicide. The title track sets up the rest of the recod nicely. It wouldn't be a very good radio song, and that's the point. Every song is telling a small part of the whole album. Every song has an important roll within the album. The world he sings about in ATWIAD is all to familiar and very vivid. All you have to do is close your eyes and take the journey. There are the radio-friendly songs: Raspberry Beret, Paisley Park, Pop Life (which has one of the very best bass lines ever written) and America (he speaks out against all that is good and bad about our country). But if your looking for something totally different and colorful check out Around the World In A Day! It's a once in a lifetime that we are blessed with an album like this one.
B00003CY5H|4.0|Saw The Score on Friday afternoon and thought it an absolutely fantastic film. The performances of the legendary Marlon Brando, the always superb Robert De Niro and the enigmatic Edward Norton were dead solid perfect. I was disappointed at the lack of role for the flawless Angela Bassett which was the only flaw in the film.<br />It may come off as a typical heist film but in its twists, it shows great flair and energy, thanks to great direction by Frank Oz (of Muppets and Blues Brothers fame.) Go see it and enjoy. On the MJ scale, **** out of *****.
B000002N1E|5.0|Thanks 2 Prince 4 giving this album 2 us. It's by far his best album of the 1990's. If u like Prince, or even if your just a casual fan of his, PICK THIS ALBUM UP! This is a must have 4 any music lover. Several songs r worthy on this album. From P Conrol to The Most Beautiful Girl In the World, to the title track Gold. Gold is especially grand, 4 it might be the only song ever 2 be compared 2 another hit, Purple Rain.
B0000214F0|1.0|[...] arguably the worst film ever made.  There's no eroticism in it, only graphic sickening violence. Don't let Guccione steal your money.  Don't even rent it.  It's only appeal is to severely alienated people, disenfranchised from humanity and in need of help.
3551551677|5.0|Chances are if your thinking on buying this book in German, you've probably already read the Englsih version, so I won't bog you down with any lengthy opinion on the story itself except to say it is a modern classic, full of mystery and suspense that can be enjoyed by kids and adults alike.<br />Foreign language versions of English novels are notoriously difficult to translate, largely due to the high number of English words which have no exact translation in say, German or French.  But on the whole, this was an exceptionally translated peice, with no major blunders sticking out (the Spanish version is full of them)  The most obvious chnage is of &quot;Hermione&quot; to &quot;Hermine&quot;  Perhaps Hermione would feel strange to pronounce to a native German speaker, not sure on that one.<br />A lot of people will tell you Spanish and French are far easier to learn than German.  I found German more fun to learn, most people who say it is a difficult, technical language do not know that English and German belong in the same group of languages (Germanic)  French, Spanish and Italian are in a completely different group (Romantic)  So to brush up on language skills, or just to have fun reading a novel in another language, HP is probably the most fun and easy to understand novel on the market.
B000002I27|5.0|Following up a classic like thier self-titled debut proved to be easier than most people expected. Any LP that contains the terrifying, graphic poetry of &quot;Horse Latitudes&quot; is a classic in my book. The concise pop of &quot;Unhappy Girl&quot; (great drumming by John Densmore), the carnivalesque, atmospheric title track, the beautifully sad &quot;You're Lost Little Girl&quot; and some of Jim Morrison's best singing ever on &quot;Love Me Two Times&quot; make this 2nd Doors album a keeper. Coming only a few months after thier debut, the high quality of the songwriting, production and playing is astonishing (also factor in the unstable nature of the band's lead singer), so &quot;Strange Days should be appreciated on it's own merits. A thoroughly enjoyable listen!
B000002BHE|5.0|Though Celine Dion had steadily built a strong commercial following with her first three English language albums, FALLING INTO YOU was the beginning of her world domination as the planet's preeminent pop vocalist.  Though her first three albums contained definite gems, there were also alot of duds(her last two cds contained nine--yes NINE--songs penned by schlock-mistress Diane Warren).  This is her first truly great recording from beginning to end.  Seemingly channeling the spirit of Meat Loaf(oh wait, he's still alive-oops), she tears into opening track 'It's All Coming Back To Me Now', and the results aren't nearly as cheesy as one might suspect.  There's only one Warren song here, that being 'Because You Loved Me', which actually remains one of her better compositions, and Dion's biggest hit to date.  Among covers, her take on 'All By Myself' supercedes the original, and though 'River Deep, Mountain High' somewhat falters under Jim Steinman's cheesy, bombastic production, Dion does manage a valiant vocal effort, something consistent throughout the album.  It's easy to see why Dion remains a moving target with critics(the follow-up,LET'S TALK ABOUT LOVE, though a massive commerical success, was for the most part a dud), but those who know her only in passing should investigate this sterling disc, which remains the benchmark in her sometimes spotty catalog.
0790729644|5.0|I love westerns, but this one goes far beyond any one I have ever seen. I suppose that most of us are used to westerns where the hero represent the cowboy knight in shining stirrups who saves the day at full personal risk and without reward, and never looses his cool. This film takes this myth and brings it down to earth.<br />It's a story about a legendary ex-cold-blooded-murderer, who returns to his old business for one last job. What brings him back to his old line of work is simply money - no ideal or heroic act. Throughout the entire story, the viewer's perception on &quot;who's the bad guy and who's the good guy&quot; is constantly changing, indicating a superb screenplay performed by a superb cast &amp; crew.<br />Most of the film is slow and calm, but you can feel the tension building up for the last act, where the entire story takes a 180-degree turn (don't worry - I won't tell). If you'll pay attention, you'll notice that when the change occurs (and you'll notice it - I promise you) a wind suddenly starts to blow - an age-old motif for change.<br />The acting and directing in this film is superb, both by Clint Eastwood (Lead and Director), and by the wonderful Gene Hachman. The film won four Academy Awards, each of them fully deserved.<br />This is a wonderful film for anyone who loves a dramatic, suspenseful, exciting story - even if you do not like westerns at all.
6305546789|5.0|After brutally massacering his sister fifteen years ago Michael Myers has escaped from the mental hospital.  Donald Pleasence tracks Michael back to his home town of Haddonfield.  Here on Halloween night Michael will terrorize the small town on his rampage.<br />This is one of my favorite horror films of all time.  The music is just chilling and is probably the creepiest part of the film.  Halloween is the original that spawned many clones in the 80's and 90's, but none surpassed it.  It was made on only $320,000 ($20,000 was for Donald Pleasence's five days of shooting) but racked in over $50 million.  This was also Jamie Lee Curtis first staring role and launched here career as the scream queen.  Halloween has never looked better and has been remastered in THX.  The picture is still some bit grainy but you have to remember its from 1978.  As far as horror films go this film has a great plot and proves films can be scarry without having to be gory.<br />The dvd is presented in both wide and full screen and DD 5.1 surround.  It contains the Halloween Unmasked 2000 documentary which was real informative and had plenty of interviews with the cast.  Also several radio and tv trailers were thrown in.  This is a classic horror film that will always have a spot in my collection.  If you are a fan of some more recent horror films I suggest you check this one out.
B000059H99|5.0|A major movie of the 70's. One of the best actually. Stallone puts in a great performance as well as the supporting cast around him. Fell good and heart warming. An all time great gets a superb DVD transfer as well. I've never seen this movie look so good.
6305280711|5.0|A terrorist calling himself Simon (Jeremy Irons) wreaks havoc on New York.  Simon wants to play a game of simon says with John McClane (Bruce Willis).  Along the way McClane picks up an unwilling partner named Zeus(Samuel L. Jackson).  Together they race back and forth across New York City trapped in Simon's deadly game.<br />This is one non stop action flick with quite a few laughs thrown in.  It may not be as good as the first Die Hard, but it is still a great film on its own.  This film has several great action scenes like the cab ride threw the park and a bloody shoot out in a elevator.  So there are some plot holes but the action does more then make up for it.<br />The DVD is loaded with three featurettes, storyboards, interviews and trailers.  Also the alternate ending was very cool and I prefered it to the one they ended up using.  For those of you like me who own the first DVD release, it is well worth replacing with this new special edition.  The picture is much better and the sound is now in DTS.  This film has a high replay value, I always find myself pulling it off the shelf.  I can't recommend it enough.
B0000542DJ|1.0|You need to go no further than the empirical evidence to show that Oswald acted alone. As a film, this makes a good story, but I hate to see young people buy into this nonsense as some sort of \\"fact\\". It is nothing more than silly speculation and conjecture.  With all the conspiracy theories being strongly refuted by computers and technology the last few years, It's beginning to appear more and more obvious that Oswald did act alone... no matter how un-exciting that may sound. Even historians that believe in a conspiracy will tell you that the one featured in this film is one of the weakest to be considered. Good filmmaking, great entertainment. Very irresponsible of Oliver Stone. Not history!
0679879269|4.0|This tightly written series keeps you glued to every page.  It is an intellectual and spiritual challenge for both the adolescent and the adult, raising intriguing issues about the natures of: the soul, God, religious institutions, death, angels, the universe, love, sexual morality, and the nature of parenting.<br />Unfortunately, the ending of the series, found in this book, is disappointing.  By choosing one view of God and of death, the author fails to conserve the essential beauty and mystery of these things.  It would have been better to leave certain questions unanswered.<br />I am hoping that, despite this being a trilogy, there will be a fourth book.  The opening is definitely there for it.  I am also hoping that, in a later book, the author will find some way of mitigating the simplistic views of certain spiritual issues presented in The Amber Spyglass.
B00005A1PR|5.0|I had a 7 hour drive to look forward(okay not so forward)to and I had just seen India on Oprah for the first time and had purchased her CD. Everything else in my system went unlistened to. I was sooo into the music,her voice,the words. As a pretty hip 50 year old single woman I have come to alot of the same conclusions this artist is singing about. I played it for my 26 year old daughter and her girlfriend and we all loved it. I am not the &quot;girl in the video&quot; and there are men I should not mess with because they don't touch my soul. Right on girlfriend!
B00003CY5H|4.0|Like two other 2001 releases, Sexy Beast and Snatch, The Score is a tautly made heist movie. I liked it a little more than Sexy Beast and a lot more than Snatch, because director Frank Oz, unlike Jonathan Glazer and Guy Ritchie, isn't always throwing his technique in our faces. The Score doesn't pretend to be anything but an old-fashioned crime thriller, and it succeeds extremely well at it, not least because it is so beautifully cast. To see Marlon Brando, Robert De Niro and Edward Norton on screen together is the thespian equivalent of a six-course dinner at the Ritz. And if Brando looks as if he's consumed a few too many such dinners--his character here is a cross between Sydney Greenstreet and Truman Capote--it is still wonderful to see him again, and to see that he's still very much at the top of his acting game. As superb as the three male stars are, special mention must also be made of Angela Bassett, who brings charm and radiance to her small role as De Niro's girlfriend. The twists and turns in The Score's plot, with all the requisite double- and triple-crosses, are nothing new to any aficionado of heist movies. But they are supremely satisfying, and guarantee that all who see this movie will feel they got their money's worth.
B00003CXRM|3.0|It sounds cool, right? The Coen Brothers (&quot;Fargo,&quot; &quot;The Big Lebowski&quot;) doing a retelling of Homer's The Odyssey, set in depression-era Mississippi, filled with a stellar soundtrack, the usual Coen cast plus George Clooney, and an homage to Preston Sturges. And it is pretty cool, but it's not great, and perhaps doesn't live up to its expectations. Undeniably, the music in the film is fantastic, and the soundtrack album is well worth buying. Clooney turns in a great performance in his first outing with the Brothers, and John Turturro, Holly Hunter, and John Goodman are great as well. Any fan of Homer or Sturges would be proud. However, the movie seems to fall short of what the viewer wants. It lacks the humor and the precise attention to complex and fascinating characters that we found in previous Coen Brothers films. The three bumbling escapees (Clooney, Turturro, and Tim Clarke Duncan) are the expected dim-witted good-hearted Southerners, and in the course of their odyssey to uncover the $1.2 million that Clooney stole and buried, meet a fanciful enough cast of weirdos. There's no laugh-out-loud oddballisms, no endearingly pathetic losers, no poorly thought out crime capers, to keep us really engaged. If it weren't for the music, I'd have checked out. In short, the film's worth seeing, but not keeping. Hey, we can't expect the best of these guys all the time.
068817776X|5.0|A captivating story of not only survival but thriving in the heart of hell. I experienced sorrow and joy and triumph all through the eyes and soul of Edith Hahn. A wonderful story that makes the reader grateful for her own life of uneventful existence.
B00003CY5K|5.0|Reese Witherspoon is incredible as (Elle), her supporting cast is fantastic too!  This is a really fun feel-good movie that I will definitely purchase when available.  I laughed, I cried, and had a wonderful time!  Go see this movie - NOW!
B00003CY5K|5.0|After seeing the movie, I was amazed. It was a great move about being true to yourself and not giving up no matter what happens. It was a real girl power movie. It would be great for movie night with friends, family, etc. You should go see the movie, and you will be amazed how wonderful and funny it is.
0553573403|4.0|After reading this book then his others (clash of kings and storm of swords) i really think martin is going places.If i could i'd give it 4 and a half stars. The first book is like a opening to the story and each chapter keeps you on edge woundering 'what is going to happen next?' but with the style he uses (each chapter revolves around a certain character) you have to wait your turn. The characters are belevable and likeable. the conflicts of the characters make it impossible to put the book down, and the story is gripping and real.  Not your average fantasy. Im sure the other reviews are a lot more informative then mine  but the main point is read this book.
0790729342|5.0|A gritty low-budget film with violence, fast cars, and a young Mel Gibson.  It manages to be a &quot;cool&quot; movie while at the same time actually having a little to say about society.  A great action movie with some substance to it.  Oh, and a title so cool that professional wrestlers named themselves after it.  What more could you ask for?  It's obviously not the last word in acting or plot, but it has a soul, something few action movies seem to accomplish these days.
B000002NG7|5.0|Although I rate 'The Real Thing' Album the peak of their career, This album suprised me that for a career finally they put so much into this and most every song has meaning. King for a day kind of derailed there stride of music and although it was still a great album it wasn't typical Faith No More. Coming back with this was brilliant and what better way to end a career then with the last song on the album 'Pristina'.
B00000DHRX|5.0|What can I say? I tried to find something which is not great on this album but Ijust couldn't Perfect piriot.<br />freedom 90, as is a new version to stevie wonder, it is just better than the original great<br />Just get yourself a copy now!!
0684853523|5.0|This is really two books in one, the first is a brief autobiography of the author, the second some advice on writing. <br />The autobiography is remarkably frank and discusses King's battles with alcohol and drugs. It shows a man who is remarkably modest about his talents and in humble despite his enormous success. Despite his fame and wealth he seems very much a family man and one of the touching aspects of the book is his devotion to his wife. <br />His discussion of writing it simple. Read a lot so that you know how things work, write as much as you can and keep it simple. Don't' fall into complexity or the use of long words and ponderous sentences. All very good advice.<br />King is without doubt the most skilled of the popular writers. The interest of his books stem not from his plots and monsters but from his ability to create characters which are streets ahead of others in the field. His books reflect (despite their supernatural elements) a world grounded in reality in which ordinary people have the sorts of feelings which ordinary people have. <br />He now reveals himself as a person who is perhaps flawed but who is totally free from pretension or the sorts vanities which can afflict the more successful in our society.
6304005490|5.0|This movie has all the elements that made &quot;Pillow Talk&quot; (Doris and Rock's prior movie) succesful but enlarged.  This time Doris and Rock are advertising business rivals, she the hardworker, he the playboy.  When Doris goes after the account for a bogus product Rock has created he masquerades as an &quot;innocent&quot; scientist to get closer to her, much closer.<br />Look out for Doris' Sutton Place apartment and dozens of ridiculously opulent costume changes.  Also features Anne B. Davis (Alice on &quot;The Brady Bunch&quot;) as Doris' secretary and Edie Adams as Rock's favorite showgirl. Tony Randall is the second male lead.<br />I prefer this movie to &quot;Pillow Talk.&quot; It's bigger and more confident.  And the ending is much racier.
0440180295|5.0|With Billy Pilgrim as the hero (or should we say..zero) and Vonnegut's non-traditional out-of-order timeline approach, I would have to say that it was one of the most facinating books I've ever read.  It's a great story about a man who is in WWII, a man who is married and has children, a man who foresees his own death, and, well, a man who possibly got abducted by aliens. The amazing thing about this is that none of the book is in order.  One moment you're in Nazi Germany and the next moment you're on an alien planet.  Many ideas were brought up in my class why this is and I believe it is written to reflect Billy as he looks back onto his life.  However, others among me feel Billy may acually be &quot;unstuck&quot; in time.  In any case, you'll have to try out this book to get your own opinion.  Definitely worth a read.
6300185311|4.0|This is Doris and Rock's third and final film together (&quot;Pillow Talk&quot; and &quot;Lover Come Back&quot; are the other two).  This time they are married suburbanites, Rock the hypochondriachal husband, Doris the patient ditzy housewife.  When Rock convinces himself he's dying, his plot to find Doris a second husband convinces her he's having an affair.<br />Particulary funny are the scenes where Tony Randall (the neighbor) and Rock cruise the country club to find a new husband for Doris. Rock &quot;He's reasonably good looking.&quot; Tony &quot;Not as reasonable as you George.&quot;  Also, keep an eye out for Doris' fifty wig changes.  They come about every 5 minutes.<br />Paul Lynde has a small part but it's the Doris and Rock chemistry that make this movie worthwhile.  This movie was based on a play and although it's fun, lacks the zip of &quot;Pillow Talk&quot; and &quot;Lover Come Back.&quot;  Still a must have for any Rock and Doris fan.
B00003CY5K|4.0|Elle Woods (Reese Witherspoon) is a perky, popular blonde who expects her boyfriend will propose to her the night the movie starts but instead he dumps her because he thinks she's not smart enough and he'll need a smart woman if he wants to run for political office by the time he's 30.  Elle loves him and figures the way to get him back is to prove to him that she's smart and to do that, she figures the perfect way would be to get into Harvard Law School where coincidentally her now ex-boyfriend is going.  She takes an exam and makes a video for Harvard to see.  Surprisingly, she ends up getting in.  She doesn't fit in there since her Harvard class-mates are more laid back with their clothing and attitude then Elle is.  Elle finds out that her ex-boyfriend has dumped her for a girl that he dated before her.  He even calls his new girl the pet name that he used for Elle right in front of Elle.  Still Elle is determined to win her man back.  To do that, she applies for and gets an internship with her professor's law firm.  Her ex-boyfriend and his current girlfriend are on the team too.  They help in a case of a woman accused of killing her husband.  The woman accused of murder is the person who used to teach Elle's exercise class.  Elle knows she's innocent but no one on the team thinks so.  Can Elle save her former exercise teacher and prove to her ex-boyfriend, her Harvard Law associates and herself that she's not a dumb blonde?  She had gotten straight As and was articulate.  If she had been doing poorly and was a bad speaker and then suddenly improved when she got into Harvard, it would have been less believable though a fashion major getting in Harvard Law is still a stretch.  It's a very cute movie.  It seemed like it could have even gotten a G rating.  It might have had a couple profanities but that was it.  No sex or violence.  The movie was much better than I thought it would be.  It was cleverly written in some parts and Reese Witherspoon gave a great performance in it.
6304385668|5.0|I just finishing wathching the engrossing story of Michael Collins for the second time. I watched this movie the first time, a few years back when the movie was in the theaters and I didn't know who Michael Collins was. Boy, I come a long way, but anyways although I liked movie the first time, I could in no way understand the ramifications of this Irish conflict. After countless reading, I watched Michael Collins last night feeling as if I was watching the movie for the first time. Liam Neilson(sorry for the misplelling) was born to play this role and does it brilliantly. He portrays Collins's character in the light he was famous for, courageous, witty, keen, and always one step a head of the brits and even his comrads. Although I tend to agree Julie Roberts is a bit of a miscast, and I would have loved to see a truly Irish actress tackle the role of Kitty, such as the beatuful actress who played Murron in Bravehear, but all in all Julie Roberts did an admirable job. Overall this is a truly fine film, that depicts Ireland's greatest hero of all, and although he was killed he will never be forgotten.
B00000BKDV|5.0|Piece of mind surely is one of the top albums of Iron Maiden. The music is of a more high quality then there previous albums, they sound more mature. And ofcourse holds this albums the all time top song &quot;The Trooper!&quot;. This album is a must have for metal fans and if you're a Maiden fan, what are you waiting for??
B000051Y0G|5.0|Cyndie Lauper is in my opinion the coolest 80s pop star. She has made a string of fantastic albums over her career but unquestionably this one is the best. It has two classic songs, \\"Girls Just Want to have Fun\\" and the even better \\"Time after Time\\". Other songs like \\"Money Changes Everything\\" and \\"She-Bop\\" are also great, with slick vocals and really catchy instrumentation. While some tracks are, how should I say, tres dumb, such as \\"He's So Unusual\\" and the slightly annoying \\"Yeah Yeah\\", but nothing detracts from the overall \\"funness\\" of the album. Go BUY!!
B00000BKDS|5.0|Great heavy metal from the best heavy metal band in the world. The music sounds aggresive, wild and free. Just as metal should be. Although the album is already nearly 22 years old, I still listen it very often and it still has all of it's magic.
B00000BKDW|5.0|This album sounds more &quot;back to the basic&quot; then piece of mind, it's rougher around the edges and that makes it a great album. On this album it are the less obvious songs that I find most attractive like &quot;Flash of the blade&quot; and &quot;The duellist&quot;, ofcourse the song &quot;Powerslave&quot; is great. On this album you'll also find the 13minute master piece &quot;Rime of the ancient mariner&quot; it will make you head bang for 13minutes straight!
B00000IJPU|5.0|This cd gives you an overview of what Maiden has to offer and the a collection of their best songs they have made in the past 20 years. Ofcourse their isn't enough room to put all the classics on the album. But their is also a double cd version and a collectors item with 4 vinyl's, try and get your hands on one of those, they also have a book that goes with it. None the less, this cd is very satisfying for the metal fans that are only intrested in Maiden's best work. For the die-hard Maiden fans I would suggest, keep looking for the double cd or the collectors item. Cos this cd might give you a taste but it won't satisfy your hunger....not because the songs are lousy (far from that!) but because there are so few songs on it.
B000059Z8J|4.0|Although the DVD contains scenes which were not shown in the movie theater, there are scenes in the movie deleted in the DVD.  As far as i remember, at the beginning of the movie, the scene which the three bad guys broke the crystal is not in the DVD; a scene which clark kent crossed the road and hit by a car is missing too. that is why i hesitate to buy the complete collector's set.  I have seen the TV versions of &quot;superman 2 and 3,&quot; many important scenes are cut. well, good luck.
B00000I8BX|5.0|This was my first Fear Factory album, and it certainly was worth getting.  Many of the songs don't have recognizable melodies, but rather have a nice combination of pounding drums, heavy guitars, and added sound effects that create a very mind enriching experience.  If you are someone who doesn't like loud rock music or if you are someone who likes distinguishible melodies and tunes then this album might not be for you.  If you however like heavily added sound effects to pounding fast guitars then this will probably float your boat.
B0000027RL|5.0|How amazing is this album? Out of every band that came out of the Pacific Northwest, Pearl Jam was the only band that captured angst with sensitivity. If nothing else, you could empathize with Eddie Vedder, something you couldn't do with Chris Cornell..., Layne Staley ..., Scott Weiland (too Hollywood), even Kurt Cobain (too quickly gone -- and too much missed). This isn't a grunge album, this is a ROCK album -- a full-on, no-holds-barred...ROCK album -- and one of the best ones ever made by one of the best bands ever formed.
B00005KB9R|5.0|This album is simply spectacular.  Right from the beginning with \\"Get Up Stand Up\\", it's clear that this is a pure rasta-reggae album.  What makes this album special from all the others is that it's got songs written by Bob Marley, Bunny Wailer, and Peter Tosh.  The new remastered edition of this album also comes with three bonus tracks including \\"No Sympathy\\" performed by the Wailers.  This is special, because unless you have the Peter Tosh Box Set, you've never heard a version like this  (On Legalize It, there is a Peter Tosh solo version of this song).  If you like Bob Marley and the Wailers, or reggae music, than this album is a must have.
B0000024V2|5.0|I Hate Everybody is on my top 10 of all time list. Worth the cost of the CD just for this tune ( they are all good). Original vinyl was THREE sided, second disc had one side that was not recorded (trivial info)
0790736918|5.0|Without a doubt, this is THE greatest western of all-time.  This is John Wayne at his best, as an embittered former confederate seeking revenge against a tribe of Comanche that massacred his brother's family.  A beautifully woven tale of Wayne's relentless pursuit of this tribe and the only surviving member of the original attack, Wayne's niece played by Natalie Wood.  He's accompanied by Marty, played by Jeffery Hunter.  Great action, suspense and comic relief throughout.  As far as the racial overtones are concerned, one only have to remember that this is period piece taking place in Texas, circa 1868.
B00003CY5H|1.0|The Score is the new Hollywood crime, who-do-you-trust caper.  I might have said this was a good movie a few years ago. However, a much better movie called Entrapment handled a similar storyline a few years back in &#8217;99. The movie stars Robert DeNiro and Edward Norton. I was excited initially to see these actors working together. Norton, one of the best young actors in Hollywood right now, does an excellent job playing the role of the ...&#8230; Ahem, excuse me&#8230; Mentally Challenged character &#8220;Brian&#8221; in the film, even better than Giovani Ribisi did in The Other Sister.  Unfortunately, DeNiro and Norton have absolutely no chemistry together.  So many actors have made wonderful parings in movies. Some that leap to mind are Glover and Gibson, Michael J. Fox and Christopher Lloyd, Schwarzenegger and DeVito&#8230; Unfortunately, DeNiro and Norton&#8217;s characters seem to just hate each other throughout the entire film.  It is funny but in films, you often don&#8217;t notice chemistry until it isn&#8217;t there. Minor credit goes to Marlon Brando as the fence who cannot seem to take five steps without being out of breath and Angela Basset, who is never really convincing as DeNiro&#8217;s love interest. Both play rather unappealing and less interesting characters. This apparent hatred between DeNiro and Norton&#8217;s characters (perhaps what the director intended) leaves the predictable betrayal at the end of the movie with absolutely no heart and you find yourself not even caring because you are barely invested in the characters. Taken as a whole, the story is fairly stagnant and predictable. Some movies you need to see in the theater. The Score is one that you can wait until video for. The preview for the film made it look like all four of the stars were in on the heist and would play each other, leaving you wonder who would finally double cross who and who would eventually make it out on top.  Instead, only two are going for the score and it is all too obvious who the good guys are and who the bad guys are. Moreover, with no worthwhile previews, it was a disappointing trip to the movies. One and a half out of five stars. So, a potential miracle shot from the half court at the buzzer that instead turns into an air ball. Unfortunately, The Score doesn&#8217;t.all too obvious who the good guys are and who the bad guys are. Moreover, with no worthwhile previews, it was a disappointing trip to the movies. One and a half out of five stars. So, a potential miracle shot from the half court at the buzzer that instead turns into an air ball. Unfortunately, The Score doesn&#8217;t.
B00000BKE1|5.0|This cd is way better than everything else Maiden brought out in the 90's. This no1 album contains their no1 single &quot;Bring your daughter to the slaughter&quot; a great &quot;sing-a-long&quot; song with a catchy tune. The rest of the songs are good up-tempo songs.
0385335482|5.0|I read lots of books, ranging from Sci-Fi to cookbooks. I tend to lean towards historical romances and wasn't sure what to expect when my mother picked this one out.<br />It was lying on my mother's desk and I couldn't help but read the first few pages....I can usually tell if I'm going to like a book in that range.  Well, before I knew it, I had read 3 chapters!!!  I couldn't wait for her to finish so I could find out what Rebecca was going to do next!!!<br />I laughed out loud, gasped out loud and almost cried from her antics!  It's been a VERY long time, if EVER, that a book has moved me to physical reactions!!!!<br />Thumbs up to Sophie Kinsella for writing such a funny story.  I loved the ending but wanted more!!!  I'm searching now for more of the same!!!
B00000BKE0|4.0|This album is absolutly not a bad album, but don't expect another 7th son. Maiden's first album of the 90's and the first album with Janick Gers, the idea was to create a more &quot;live&quot; sound on this album. Well the &quot;live&quot; sound definatly came out well, but at the end of the album I sort of had the idea &quot;I missing something&quot;, I don't know what it is but it's missing. If you're a Maiden fan, buy it. If you're a general heavy metal fan, and you have the money to spend, buy it. But if you wanna buy that great album with your last money, I would advise buy &quot;Brave New World&quot; instead.
0792841433|5.0|When THE BRIDE WORE BLACK first came out to theaters Hitchcock went out to see it for himself. He had been good friends with Truffaut already for a while and Truffaut had been an admirer of his for a long time. After Hitch saw it he told Truffaut what he thought. His only thought was that in one of the murder scenes a pillow should have been put under the head of one of the men who was dying. But other than that he gave his seal of approval and so do i. This is one of the best homages to Hitchcock that i have ever seen. The story is adapted from a novel by William Irish and it is about a woman named Julie Kohler (Jeanne Moreau- Jules and Jim, Viva Maria!) who's husband is shot and killed on her wedding day. After living for a long time in deep depression she decides to track down the five men who killed her husband (accidentally) and kill them one by one. She uses her charms to get to them and soon after she kills them. The movie is not unbearably suspenseful but it is potent enough so that you wonder what will happen next. The reason for it not being so suspenseful is that you can guess more or less what will happen but what does keep it  suspenseful and interesting  is that we don't know how these situations will turn out. Truffaut's direction keeps the movie flowing along at a constant pace and he uses wardrobe to convey how Julie is feeling by having her wear black very often and if she does wear any other color it is only white. Jeanne Moreau gives a subtle and sympathetic performance in a role in which she could have gone over the top but wisely chose not to. We sympathize with her even as she is commiting these horrible crimes because Truffaut has us understand her pain but never fully. The psychological aspect which could have been exlpored more in this movie is never fully explored but it's not unforgiveable since the movie is not really about that. It's more about Julie's experience of trying to get her revenge. The script is solid as well and the movie isaccompanied by a beautiful score by Bernard Herrmann who was Hitchcock's frequent collaborator and the score is reminiscent of Hitchcock's VERTIGO and MARNIE. This is very definatley one of the best homages to Hitchcock and also one of the best in Truffaut's legacy of films.
B000002KP3|5.0|after seeing the movie billy elliot i've been listening to t-rex at an obsessive pace - and wondering why i had forgotten about t rex - especially as i once fell head over heels in love while dancing to this album.  putting personal history aside for a moment,  while i am not a music expert by anyone's definition, this album is one of the best that emerged from the glam rock movement and is a must have next to bowie and roxy music.
0780626494|5.0|This movie is the best romantic comedy ever made by far. The script is excellent and that is elevated by it's all star cast including Brenden Fraser, Alica Silverstone, all time veterens Christopher Walken and Sissy Spacak. For most of you Guys out there who think it's a &quot;Chick Flik&quot; it's NOT, let me give you an example I was with a group of friends one night, both guys &amp; girls, and we all watched it and it was a hit i don't one person who didn't like it which just go to show you this movie is truly a great flick.
078401213X|5.0|Like the title suggests, I find this to be a very thought provoking movie. At least more so than most of the junk turned out on a regular basis.  By the way, you don't have to know anything about math to appreciate the plot or any of it's details; just know the name of the little Greek symbol on the front of the cover and you'll be okay.
0780626494|5.0|This movie is the best romantic comedy ever made by far. The script is excellent and that is elevated by it's all star cast including Brenden Fraser, Alica Silverstone, all time veterens Christopher Walken and Sissy Spacak. For most of you Guys out there who think it's a &quot;Chick Flik&quot; it's NOT, let me give you an example I was with a group of friends one night, both guys &amp; girls, and we all watched it and it was a hit i don't one person who didn't like it which just go to show you this movie is truly a great flick.
0385493622|5.0|Normaly such books seem rather bland, but after reading the excerpt available in the &quot;Explore this book&quot; section, I had to read the whole thing without putting it down.  Read the excerpt: if it seems good, the rest is better.  It will inspire anyone to want to learn more about mathmatics.
0060930349|5.0|This book makes the key figures in American history come to life.  It reads like a novel and is hard to put down.  I had not been a lover of American history until I read Johnson's work. He presents all sides of America's big names, and, unlike most works, presents his opinions AS OPINIONS.<br />You will learn little know facts about America's presidents, statesmen, philosophers, and religious leaders.  The author is moderately conservative, a nice change from the party line of the politically correct.  On the other end of the spectrum, the ultra-conservative will not aprpreciate Johnson's inclusion of the negative attributes and the sometimes non-religious nature of some American patriots.  It is evident that he attempts to be objective and tries to reach reasonable conclusions.<br />If you can only read one book about American history, make it this one.  If you have found American history pale in comparison to European history, this volume might change your mind.
0553573403|1.0|I chose to begin Martin's series with great expectations; after reading review after glorifying review of this work it didn't seem that investing in 'A Game of Thrones' could be much of a mistake. How wrong I was. Martin does not only seem  incapable of weaving any kind of central plot convincingly, his characters never venture beyond the two-dimentional. Frankly, I came to feel I couldn't care less whether they lived or died; not a great incentive to buy the next book, really. Perhaps the author believed he was creating fascinatingly evil, scheming characters, but to tell the truth one ends up pitying these poor squabbling beings and their mean stabs in the back. Even an incestous relationship in unsuccessful in spicing the story up. And I failed to be impressed by an author whose idea of literary style seems to be using the self-consciously clever comparisons 'soft as sin'/'dark as sin' to describe a cloak (or whatever it was) twice in the first 50-odd pages of the novel. Moreover, the endless stream of adolescent 'wink-wink-nudge-nudge' jokes about whores and brothels are more frustrating than amusing when they happen to be in every other sentence of some characters. The only thing Martin does seem to manage with tolerable success is the description of gore. Well done. If I'd wanted only that I would have picked up a horror novel. I don't mind gore for the sake of realism, but with Martin one gets the uncomfortable feeling that he milks this ability to make up for his many lackings in plot and character construction. I will admit that I liked Tywin Lannister, and that Arya had a certain cliche charm about her (oooh, 'Tomboy princess'...now there's something we've never seen before in fantasy literature, eh?), but that alone will hardly make up for the sad failure of the rest of the novel to enthrall. Jordan has his faults, but I will confess that I intend to read his novels until the 'Wheel of Time' series finally closes, simply because I care about many of his characters. As for this author, I think I can garantee that I won't be buying his works ever again. Spare yourself the time and the money, because in all honesty I found nothing worthwhile in 'A Game of Thrones'.haracters. As for this author, I think I can garantee that I won't be buying his works ever again. Spare yourself the time and the money, because in all honesty I found nothing worthwhile in 'A Game of Thrones'.
0062502182|4.0|'The Alchemist' is a short novel (&lt; 200 pages) which tells the simple story of a young Spanish shepard on his journey to realizing his ambition in life (..finding treasure in Egyptian pyramids).  I must emphasize the word 'simple', to the point of being simplistic and trite.  It almost seems as if the author is targetting this novel to pre-teens when he continually hammers in the same message of 'follow your heart', et al.  After reading, in effect, the same message for the 10,000th time one does get a bit tired.  However there is an innocence and sweetness permeated through each page which makes the entire reading experience to be most disarming ... but, for this humbug, not quite enlightening.<br />Bottom line: enlightening for some, utterly simplistic for others.  This reader found it all to be rather charming.
B00005B36H|4.0|Being a Tool fan for many years and still a big fan, I actually feel bad for the 4 stars...For any other band, it would'nt be a question..But for some reason, I hold Tool on another plateau..One that they pretty much hold to themselves..Unfortunately, they had the task of trying to top their last effort, and to try and top perfection is a no win situation..maybe its the length of the songs, or maybe I feel that they are TRYING to compete with a masterpiece, but I just dont find myself reaching for this CD as much as its predecessor..Brilliant musicianship, excellent production, and an especially jaw dropping drum performance..The only flaw I can seem to pin on this CD is its ability to flow..It just does'nt seem to piece together as well...When having a CD such as this, you need to listen to it pretty much in its entirety, and the &quot;flow&quot; factor has to be there. Like I said, Its far from a disappointment, and it is still in the growing stage..But something about Lateralus just isnt &quot;Perfect&quot;..And it is rediculous of me or anyone else to expect perfection...No knock on TOOL....They're just too good for their own good!!!
0440180295|4.0|I did not enjoy this book.  &quot;Slaughterhouse 5&quot; by Mr Kurt Vonnegut is an important piece of literature of the mid-twentieth century.  It is the story of Mr Vonnegut remembering his experiences which centred around 13-14 February 1945 during the levelling of refugee-swollen Dresden.  Through his protagonist, Billy Pilgrim, he might be expressing the idea that atrocities of this type are not inevitable events.  Billy Pilgrim slips in and out of consciousness, spending an equal time with his memories of his war years and fantasies of alien abduction.  Mr Vonnegut is probably making a case against such moral somnambulism.  This is an unconventional novel for many reasons.  First, it is a war novel which is not glamourous.  Further, my literature teachers tell me, ;D it is outside the novel tradition, which focusses on creating realistic characters with psychological depth.  These are the things which I appreciate about this fine novel.  On the other hand, these ideas don't make for an interesting read.  Cardboard cut-out characters which are no more than posters for political ideas becomes less fascinating as the book lumbres along.  As a political statement, I find it a bit hollow.  It makes a point that the fire-bombing of Dresden was wrong. (duh?) At the same time, it neglects the more complicated task of offering viable alternatives to war?  It reminds me of ranting by a veteran who gets drunk and makes phone calls late at night.  If you made it this far before hitting the &quot;no&quot; button, thank you. ;D  If you are interested in one of the most important books of the mid-twentieth century, this book will be interesting to you.
B000003C5C|5.0|'LEPROSY'IS A CLASSIC PIECE OF DEATH METAL HISTORY. WITHOUT A DOUBT THIS &quot;IS&quot;THEIR BEST RELEASE BY FAR. DEATH'S OTHER RELEASES DO NOT COME EVEN CLOSE TO THIS ONE.THIS ONE SURE GETS MY '5'STARS
B00005LMBK|5.0|Looking for a CD that simply can't be classified into any genre?  You've found it.  Automator seems capable of absolutely no wrong these days, and the trend continues.  For those of you that loved Deltron 3030, be on your toes.  The feel of this album doesn't match up exactly but is certainly in the same neighborhood.  Del drops by in well timed and typically eloquent fashion, and Albarn provides some sick (if not sometimes eerie) vocals.  Even if this album does not please you right away, make sure it stays in your rotation.  It will grown on you in ways reminiscent of Stankonia.
B00003CY5H|1.0|I wonder if this was written in the same amount of time it takes to watch. The actors may not have been given any direction at all. It seemed like I was watching an unfinished version, as if they weren't done editing the film and scoring the music. The story takes a couple turns, but it's about as suspenseful as a ferris wheel. I love De Niro and Tyler Durden, but honestly, unless you have nothing else to waste your time and money on, don't bother with The Score.
0553278223|5.0|Ray Bradbury wrote a lot of short stories set on Mars. 'The Martian Chronicles' collects most of them together in one book (missing out 'I, Mars', in which the last man on Mars automates a town in order to combat loneliness, and 'Dark they were, and Golden Eyed') arranged so as to form a loose story which, in typical Bradbury style, is actually about America, and not Mars at all. Bradbury is a writer first and a sci-fi writer second, and if you're expecting endless descriptions of nuclear propulsion you probably won't like this book. Because of this, it's one of the few sci-fi books from the period that hasn't dated. It's also one of the ultimate downers, but in a good way - the general tone is one of loneliness and despair, without being doomy. It's a shame that, judging by the lack of reviews, this book is so obscure nowadays, especially compared to his contemporaries Isaac Asimov and Arthur C. Clarke, neither of whom have aged as well.
B000007T1M|1.0|It is far from dimensional, and has no insight with the lyrics.  Sure, there are worse albums out there.  And sure, I would take it any day over the Fagstreet boys.  But this is a good example of why Nu Metal is not music, much less metal.  The guitars harp on the same beats and the singer seems to be trying to emulate the same song, \\"Sugar,\\" in every song thereafter.  Unless you wish to be part of the non-conforming, conformists, do not buy this.  So often these Nu Metal hypocrites sing about something as \\"stupid,\\" yet do the same thing in their music by finding a trend or faction to be a part of.  What happened to the solos?
B00003CXB2|5.0|David Lean and Peter O'Toole combined to produce one of the greatest character studies in cinema history. O'Toole captures the tortured mind of T.E. Lawrence, the eccentric British officer who united the bedouin tribes of Arabia against the Turks in World War I. While the historical accuracy of English involvement in Arabian politics may be questioned, the depiction of one of history's most complex characters is beyond reproach. Lawrence is at once a reflective scholar, a reluctant warrior, and driven messiah. He is a man consumed by personal drive, ego, and arrogance in the vortex of war.<br />The production values of the movie are impeccable. The acting and direction are outstanding; yet they pale before the cinematography and musical score.  Maurice Jarre, through eloquent musical composition, gives voice to both the man and the desert. Jarre's crisp, syncopated musical rhythms vividly portray the exotic Arabian culture that so appealed to Lawrence. The majestic moments of the score, however, are reserved for the desert. Jarre's sweeping orchestrations blend with David Lean's expansive visual images to evoke the haunting beauty of the vast, harsh, and unforgiving deserts of the Middle East.  This unforgettable synergy of sight and sound is perhaps the finest ever recorded on film.  This is a masterpeice for the ages!
B00000DATR|5.0|This album has all the elements of a GOOD STORY: Beginning, middle and end. At first, it sounds nice, but then - from the third time and on - you hear a masterpiece of a story! It's mature, diverse, and every scene (track..) moves the story forward - until the emotionally satisfying end of the Tubular Bells!  And when the story ends, I just want to listen to it all over again!<br />I don't agree with the other reviewer's comment saying it's nothing special. He probably didn't listen to the stroy of this brilliant album. So don't skip tracks, and stream with the story!<br />There are some tiny traces of the previous two albums (yes there are - if you listen to the small details!), and this one has earned it's place as a most fitting end to the triology! Well done. And I am so proud of you Mike!
0380973650|3.0|Gaiman's new book has a little something for everyone....fantasy, horror, mythology, humor, and of course there's sex.  The book is also part roadtrip (as the main character, Shadow, travels throughout the west with Odin) and part murder mystery (when Shadow settles into the quaint town of Lakeside).  Its in the Lakeside story in which Gaiman's characters become realistic and memorable beings.  The roadtrip plot seems aimless and almost pointless; the gods that Odin and Shadow meet are interesting, but are never fully developed. The most intriguing stories are the &quot;Coming to America&quot; stories, which are tales of immigrants and their gods as they settle in America.<br />Overall, the book is good; but not great.  Older fans of Gaiman will recognize familiar sayings (and plotlines) which the author has used before  Also, the book is too long.  Like Neverwhere, the ending drags on and on.<br />I also recommend these books that may relate to American Gods:<br />Brief Lives Neil Gaiman<br />Encyclopedia of Gods  Michael Jordan<br />Empire Wilderness : Travels into America's Future Robert D. Kaplan
B00003CY5K|5.0|I loved it, my wife loved it, and it's one of the few movies I can recommend to my (hem) more senior friends without fear of embarrassment.  Plot points in the other reviews aside, what you get is a fun plot, a great sendup (and portrait) of sororities, law school, and trials, and no scenes that you would be nervous about having in a date movie.  You won't regret this one.  My wife pointed out that she has a different dress in every scene -- I suppose you could have fun figuring out what goes where on the second time through.  It's worth seeing twice.
6305807086|5.0|Excellent! This was a very nice surprise. The plot is perfectly complete. It reminded me about Borges, about Nabokov, even about Joyce.<br />Are all of us inside someone else, bigger and stronger? Is somebody inside us? Being other person and every person at the same time, but still being ourselves, had been worrying a lot of our most important authors for centuries. Remember Borges' tales \\"Las Ruinas Circulares\\", \\"El otro, el mismo\\", \\"todos los nombres, el nombre\\", etc., and his riddles? It also has the problem of  the infinite, as when Malkovich gets inside of Malkovich. And it's impossible to forget the loneliness of the puppeteer, not being understand even for his wife. Since it is very complex and I don't want to destroy the plot, I must only say that this is a very recommendable movie.<br />For a former skateboarder, Spike Jonze's talent is not a surprise, since he is a legend in the skateboarding photography world. He used to make the most creative and intense pictures. I still believe that skateboarding world has given a lot of influence to the art panorama (e.g. Nirvana and their enormous offspring, but especially the graphic design world.)
0783240236|5.0|Actually, if you are visiting San Francisco, it is well worth the trip up the coast to see it- the town looks totally different, but the old church is there.  And it is a magnificent drive.<br />As for the movie- what can I add?  This is a classic that still manages to provide a good deal of shocks.  (I still dread the scene where the farmer is found)  'Tippi' Hedren is great as Melanie- Hitch used her slightly stiff, icy quality to great effect.  Rod Taylor is sufficiently hunky and Jessica Tandy is great as the quietly boiling mother.  A must see
B00005618C|4.0|Following up an album like Hunting High and Low, arguably one of the most solid albums of the 80s, is no easy task.  Scoundrel Days sees the band make a genuine, and often times successful, attempt at this feat.<br />The album gets off to an incredible start with the title track, a rather dark song that breaks into an epic chorus section that rivals the power of anything the band has done.  This amazing track is followed by two more strong songs, the more rock-oriented &quot;The Swing of Things&quot; and &quot;I've Been Losing You&quot;, with its drum-driven rock chorus.  This is followed by the more whimsical, but decent ballad &quot;October&quot;.  Then comes &quot;Manhattan Skyline&quot;, a ballad with a suprisingly fierce, almost industrial-tinged, chorus.<br />The second half of the CD kicks off with it's main single, and in my opinion the album's weakest track, &quot;cry wolf&quot;, a song that falls back on whimsical upbeat 80s pop.  &quot;We're Looking For The Whales&quot; and &quot;The Weight Of The Wind&quot; are both excellent tracks with strong songwriting.  &quot;Maybe Maybe&quot; is a rather interesting track that sounds quite a bit like The Smiths.  The album closer, &quot;Soft Rains of April&quot;, is also reminiscent of another group, this time being early 80s Depeche Mode.<br />This is a great album that is definitely worth picking up.  However, unlike its predecessor, this album is slightly lacking in cohesion, largely due to moments of whimsical 80s pop that don't seem to fit into the epic scale of the band's sound on the rest of the songs.
0393038912|4.0|As most have agreed, GG&amp;S is a well written, far reaching, powerful book. I certainly learned quite a bit about wheat, about the fertile crescent, and about the Australian Aborigine.<br />However, I take issue with the thesis presented in the first chapter about this book dispelling racisim. I can believe Diamond's entire theory about seeds, beasts, east-west axis, and larger populations and still come to the conclusion that Eurasians have greater average intelligence. Why? Because living in densely populated farming communities would exert very different selection pressures than living in small bands of hunter-gatherers. Diamond claims that disease is the major killer among civilized people. I don't know if that is historically true. But even if it is, human sex-selection provides many opportunities for better endowed men to sire and support more children on average than their lesser peers. If those qualities are heritable, they will become more and more prevalent in the population.<br />This selection has been going on for nearly 10,000 years in parts of Europe and Asia, and those populations, with their food production and technology have been the conquerers more often than the conquered. Unfortunately for the lesser endowed of humanity's ancestors, the millenia of history could well be recorded in our very genes.
0452282152|5.0|I just loved this book and it is one that I will reread from time to time.  It is beautifully written and holds your interest from start to finish.  I recommend this to anyone who likes a good read.
B00000064E|4.0|The first &amp; obvious thing to say about this album is that Nick himself is great. The guitar playing is extraordinarily beautiful and I love his shy, sad voice. These are the best songs he ever wrote - 'Three Hours' is a freakishly strange and lovely piece of music.<br />But it has to be said that the arrangements come close to ruining a lot of this album. Come the revolution, I'll personally be lining Robert Kirby against the wall for his string-drenched crimes. Drowning out the guitar on 'Day is Done' is the worst example. And pianist Paul Harris seems to think he's accompanying a Year 6 student at the local eisteddfod. The honorable exception is Danny Thompson on double bass, superb as always. If this had just been the Nick and Danny show it'd be a masterpiece.
0684853523|5.0|The word masterpiece hardly captures the true essence of this book. It's soooooo funny, and soooooo wonderful for anyone and everyone to read.  He begins by offering a hillarious look inside his younger years, and ends by telling about . . . well, you'll have to read it if you really want to know! haha Just read this book, it's honestly amazing! Even if you're not crazy about his scary fiction, you'll still love this, promise.
B00003CX5P|5.0|Many people watched this and thought it was merely a flippantly humourous entry in the Star Wars series, however, there is a dark undertone to this film which can possibly only be appreciated on subsequent viewings, depending on how observant you are.  Also, watching the first three films (or should that be the second three films?) is a pre-requisite.  If you haven't seen the other Star Wars films, this may make little sense, and the ominous tone will be lost.<br />On top of that, there's the state-of-the-art computer generated effects, a wonderfully fresh music score from John Williams and some excellent action sequences.<br />Yes, the acting's a little wooden, but then it was in *all* the Star Wars films.  Yes, the plot's a little thin, but then it was in.... you get the idea.<br />Those afflicted with misguided nostalgia may want to avoid this, but for any *true* Star Wars fans, this should whet your appetite for the next installment.
0060392886|5.0|This book cracked me up! To my surprise it is VERY well documented, detailed, and designed for that matter. While reading this you quickly suck up the sensational trashy details like a supermarket tabloid, but even then there is an unexpected element of quality left over. The book goes deeper than Playmates and &quot;Zombie Dust&quot;. By page 400, four unique personalities are clearly defined. Each band member emerges honestly out of his ice block as he recalls his own views of their goofy band's crazy career. Mick Mars is no longer the mysterious monster I grew up thinking he was. He is humble, quietly wise and talented. Vince is surprisingly down-to-earth too. His passages are the most human of the bunch and I was even left feeling somewhat sorry for the guy. (LOL!) Then there's the other two members' accounts! Tommy, who manages to hang himself on his own poorly chosen words, and Nikki, who's bitterness injects you like a bad shot of smack. Through 100+ pages of Tommy Lee's &quot;Dude&quot; this and &quot;Bro&quot; that, a crudely drawn self portrait appears of a spoiled rotten drummer-boy brat who's approaching his 40's while &quot;popping extacy all night&quot; and getting &quot;Mayhem&quot; tattooed on his stomach.  I was left wondering if he cares at ALL about anything besides his ego and his penis.  Some of the things he writes are just plain funny &quot;Bro&quot;, in a dumb-as-a-stone burned out glam-rocker sort of way. I was able to take Nikki's writings more seriously  and  sympathetically, but he still approaches the finish line with enough spite and bitterness in him to knock out a small army. You do get the impression that, depite his smacked out brain state, he would take a bullet for his band in it's quest for Hedonistic King of the Mountain. It's almost admirable.<br />Yeah, I really liked this book. I even admitted to the cute girl working the bookstore where I bought it, that I used to listen to Motley Crue. She didn't laugh at me and I suspect maybe she read it as well. This book is good and it's nothing to be ashamed of liking.
B00005B36H|5.0|This band has evolved to become a very mellow and exciting band. In the previos LPs, Tool's music was rugged and talked about various vulgar situations that I would not like to mention.  This band sounded like Rush and Dream Theater and Maynard James Keenan's voice was amazing in this song.  ON the standpoint of lyrics, they did a very good job, talking about patience and &quot;crucifying the ego&quot; which are important aspects of life.  THe music was amazing as before, sounding like Rush and Dream Theater.  I think that this is the most intelligent and adept LP Tool has produced.
B00005J6T0|5.0|This is the 3rd in the remaster series and Madonna's 2nd best album ever (behind Music). On her Third album Madonna got a little serious on us with Papa Don't Preach and Live To Tell, But she also still made us shake our booties to Where's The Party and True Blue. Containing 3 straight #1 singles LTT, PDP, and Open Your Heart this is THE essential Madonna recording. And now it sounds better than ever and with the bonus remixes of La Isla Bonita and True Blue you get your money's worth. I highly reccomend picking this one up as well as the other 2 remasters. Long live the Queen Of Pop !
B00000J7S8|5.0|I have several jazz recordings by some of the greats. But, what's so good about this one? This compilation stands the test of repeated listening. This isn't one of those recordings that you tire of quickly. You won't be sorry if you try this one. I think it's her best effort. The other's are good, but this one is great!!
B00005J6SZ|5.0|I was one of the many who had this on cassette back in the good ol 80's and bought the CD when they released it but WOW this remaster is Amazing ! The sound is crisp and clear. The way it was meant to be. The bonus tracks are great also,Like A Virgin and Material Girl. Get this one and relive those wonderful 80's. My pick as one of the 10 best albums of all time.
6303168507|5.0|I have watched this cult movie a few times, and each time I cry when I see the suffering of our people. Some scenes really reveal how gentiles hate our people, I always have in my mind the piece where the German shoot through the floor of the Jewish houses after deportation, and blood drops, or for what reasons they murder Jews in the camps, etc. Spielberg is a notorious Jew who has shown himself to be true to his race by making this movie, and I will always be grateful to him for this everlasting and terrific tribute to the unique hardship of our race. I recommend this movie to all gentiles so that they know where critics and attacks on us lead to, (and I also recommend it to anti-Semitic Jews such as Finkelstein and Shahak. Watching this movie helped me also concretely realize that our people is not only unique in that it was chosen by God, but also in that our suffering is unique : As world-acclaimed professor Lipstadt says in her books, the suffering of all other races cannot be compared to the Holocaust - the Shoa as we call it in Hebrew --, which as the movie shows, is far beyond of all kind of hate one could image. This movie is a proof of Lipstadt's thesis, and watching it is a required antidote against anti-Semitism.
B00005J6T1|5.0|Remastered is the understatement of the year for this work of art. Madonna took the world by storm with her first album and now it sounds even better ! You an relive all those wild 80's dance days now. The remixes are awesome and the cover art is magnificient ! Don't think about passing this one up. And while your at it get the other 2 remasters and comlete your collection.  If we took a Holiday everything would be Okay !!!
B00005ATQI|5.0|You cannot try and compare this marvelous film to the likewise marvelous Stephen King novel of the same name, and (basically) plotline. If you do, I suppose that you will be shocked and amazed to learn that Stephen King and Stanley Kubrick are two different people. They likewise had two different ideas about this story, and made it very differently.<br />Getting past this,I would just like to say that this is one of the most frightening movies out there, on par (in my mind) with The Silence of the Lambs and Strangers on a Train. All in all, just great, in Cinematography and screenwriting. I would also like to say thatI think that the conclusion of this film is far superior than that of the novel, and far scarier. I'm a lover of the climactic ending.
0156421178|5.0|Those who seek total and undiluted dominion over others understand that people are susceptible to the language -- but not necessarily the substance -- of noble ideals.  In Spain, those who heralded the noblest ideals turned out to be the most brutal of totalitarians.  <br />The language of noble ideals is also present in modern political culture.  Orwell's observations are as important now as they were 60 years ago.
0375805613|5.0|In all honesty I don't like Grover from Sesame Street.  I can't really say why but he really irks me.  However I love this book!  From the fact that he is on the copy write page urging young readers to turn away from the boring part to his (over) reactions to each page turn.  This book is best read doing sound effects and pretending to have trouble turning the pages as Grover chains and bricks up the pages. I wish the board book was exactly like the thin paper version but  other than that this book is a great but for your money.
0140288503|5.0|This is the non-fiction account of the battle in Somalia in 1993 that left 12 soldiers dead as told from the perspective of those who were there. I learned much about the conflict, e.g. I hadn't known that Delta Force was one of the primary forces involved. But I did see how political factors weighed against the soldiers in doing their duty, just as they did in Vietnam. It's also an excellent account of what the future of modern warfare will look like, with small units of soldiers fighting in urban environments against foes that are hard to distinguish from innocents. While painful to read, because we know the outcome, it was instructive and sobering. I saw the gung-ho, bloodthirsty attitude of the Rangers change to fear then determination and finally just a will to survive and to save their comrades. This is the face of courage and bravery. I recommend it and look forward to the movie.
B00000J7SO|5.0|...and that's saying a lot. It's true that the backup band sounds a little under rehearsed, but like all of dylan's albums, the imperfections only add to the overall genius. The writing on this album is perhaps his greatest, and my god...the rhyming (Check out &quot;No Time to Think&quot;). The melodies on Street Legal are contagious and dylan's voice is remarkable. He's starting to get a little nasal, but those vocal chords are powerful.  In a way, this album seems to be both about dylan's failed marriage, and his ongoing life after it. &quot;New Pony&quot; and &quot;We Better Talk this Over&quot; seem the most blatantly reltated to the marriage. Despite what some may say, &quot;Is Your Love in Vain&quot; is a fantastic song. &quot;Where are You Tonight&quot; is maybe his most confessional ever, and &quot;Changing of the Guards&quot; tells a story with every line.  Unbelievable. Never believe the critics. Get this album.
0345442989|2.0|I haven't really enjoyed any of the &quot;prequel&quot; books as much as I have the post-movie books. Cloak of Deception sets the stage for the movie &quot;The Phantom Menace&quot;, and because of that the ending is a foregone conclusion. There just wasn't enough suspense to sustain the story to my taste or to really advance the larger story. We know that Palpatine is the evil Darth Sidious, that Chancellor Valorum will be deposed, that Qui Gonn will die in the movie. I guess if you really want to know the background story that sets up Phantom Menace, then it will be interesting, otherwise.... However, despite all the problems, I enjoyed the story enough to finish it (if I don't like a book I won't bother). I liked seeing the Jedi Knights at work as they were supposed to (not when Luke was the only one in the movies), and I could see why the Galactic Republic would fall from its own corruption even if Palpatine hadn't been pushing it. My advice is pick up the paperback when it comes out if you're really interested in Star Wars or learning more. Otherwise, there are plenty of &quot;sequel&quot; books to read.
0451169514|5.0|This book was definetely one of my favorites among the Stephen King library of books. Once I started reading it I could not stop. It was frightening. Definetely recommend this book to everyone.
B000007WNN|5.0|No other way to put it... this is one of my fave records ever.  I was a fan of Love, but this record hit me like a slap in the face.  I was quite the metalhead as a kid, so the blending of the Cult's psychedelia with straight ahead Rubin guitars was PERFECT.  I spent hours playing air guitar to this record...<br />Oh, and btw, for anyone looking for the original first mix of this record, it's available as a disc on the &quot;Rare Cult&quot; box set.  The record was originally called &quot;Peace&quot; and the sound is TOTALLY different... think Electric done Love-style.  Somehow it just doesn't hold a candle to the record that ultimately was released.<br />The Cult's masterpiece.
0140186409|5.0|It's a shame that the majority of people who read this book are forced to do so as a school assignment. I don't think you can fully embrace the scope of this work with the anxiety of a report hanging over your head. I was fortunate in that, I was able to read it just because I chose to. I found myself becoming completely absorbed by the book, to the level that it started to seem as if it were a part of my life. I actually felt empty after I had finished it, sort of the way you feel when you leave a loved one for an extended period of time.<br />I would also like to point out, that I am not what you would call a bookworm. I read about 3 or 4 books a year, generally in the summer. I started reading this book while on vacation. I had just finished Hemingway's &quot;The old man and the sea&quot;. For those not familiar with the old man and the sea, it's less than 100 pages long. It took me the same amount of time to read both books (1 week). I think this speaks volumes about how engrossed I became with the grapes of wrath, considering it is over 600 pages.<br />I have only seen bits and pieces of the film version, but I found it helpful to be able to put the face of Henry Fonda on Tom Joad. I do plan on viewing the film version, but somehow doubt that it could be that true to the book. I am curious how the film version will end. Based on the era that the film was made, I doubt that they can end the same.<br />The ending is the only thing I found disappointing about the book. As I read toward the last few pages, I started to realize that it would not end in any sort of finality, unless it were a catastrophic tragedy. If ever a book needed a sequel, this one begs for it.<br />If you read this book as a student, and as part of an assignment, I would highly recommend re-reading it. It has the potential to make one realize just how fortunate most of our lives are, and how insignificant most of our problems are.
0201485672|5.0|If you do not own this book you should.  The information in this book will make you twice the programmer you are now if you work in any object oriented language.  Fowler presents clear and simple ways to take existing code and make them more succinct, modifiable, and comprehensible.  He presents extensive code examples that are long enough for you to understand what's happening but not so long that you lose your place in them.<br />The book uses Java as it's language of choice but in most cases this is not a problem.  I can only recall a couple of the many refactorings presented in this book where specific focus on Java's way of doing things might obscure the message.  If you know C++ or Java you will have no difficulty understanding this book.<br />For the last few months I've been using refactoring in my programming, but until I got this book I didn't have a clear set of steps for many of the refactorings I was doing.  Having a refactoring library I can refer back to while programming is the real value of this book.  I expect to keep it nearby whenever I program.
0375804013|5.0|No matter what age you are, this is the FUNNIEST CHILDREN'S BOOK IN EXISTENCE!!  BUY IT NOW!!
0399143904|5.0|This book was amazing.  The story is brilliant.  If you like spies, government agencies, espionage, and good action, then READ THIS BOOK!  I admit, however, that it does take time.  The first half I read in maybe a year...as it was slow at times.  I just fell out of my &quot;reading phase&quot;.  But, when I boarded a plane for Minneapolis, MN last fall, I decided to open it back up.  Starting with the &quot;WORLD PARK&quot; incident in the book, I could not put it down.  All I did was read on my vacation.  The first half took me a year to complete, but the second half took only days.
B00005B7CK|5.0|First, and foremost, I am a bluegrass fanatic, so that is what drew me to this movie.  I also had the soundtrack to this movie since the day it became available.  I find this movie very entertaining and while not totally historically accurate, who cares?  It was one of those movies that left you feeling good.  As for the music, I'm a Ralph Stanley fan (who wrote or recorded a lot of the songs in the movie) and I love Dan Tyminski (who is the voice you here when Clooney supposedly sings.  Dan was once a member of Allison Krauss and Union Station) and I have followed him for years.  How refreshing to hear Dan's voice coming from George Clooney's mouth!!  At first I didn't think that George would be able to pull off this role, but he did a fantastic job as Ulysses Everett McGill.  The other two &quot;cons&quot; were perfectly casted and John Goodman was his ever brillant self.  This movie is worth watching and owning!!
B000002GYN|5.0|As it happens, the Eagles rise to the top began with this first album.  Shortly after a successful run as the backing band for the ultra-talented Linda Ronstadt (who went on to have not too bad of a career herself), this fearsome foursome of Don Henley, Glenn Frey, Randy Meisner, and Bernie Leadon made this groundbreaking disc and thus legitimized the Los Angeles country-rock sound.<br />Everyone knows about &quot;Take It Easy&quot;, &quot;Peaceful Easy Feeling&quot;, and &quot;Witchy Woman.&quot;  But there are other cuts here that are just as impressive, including the predominantly acoustic &quot;Train Leaves Here This Morning&quot; and Frey's gutsy rocker &quot;Chug All Night.&quot;  The instrumental work here is superb, with Leadon's bluegrass instincts and his Clarence White-style country-rock guitar breaks particularly impressive.  Just like Linda, the Eagles would often be imitated but their success would never be duplicated.
B000001FA4|3.0|I have two U2 albums which are my personal favorites, Zooropa and The Unforgettable Fire.  I admit that, objectively speaking, neither one of these is the best U2 album, but there is some indescribable quality to both of these recordings, flaws and all, that makes them speak to me in a moving and personal way.  The Unforgettable Fire, despite its missteps, is one of the most gorgeous and lush records in my CD collection.  It was the first U2 album to really showcase the band's incredible propensity to restlessly reinvent themselves.  I won't go into unnecessary detail about the songs, but I will say that every track on the album, with the exception of &quot;Indian Summer Sky&quot;, is a gem, whether a highly polished and perfected one like &quot;Pride&quot; and the title track, or a rough, unrefined one like &quot;Promenade&quot; and &quot;Elvis Presley and America&quot; (that's a great sketch of a song, beautiful for its unresolved feel).  I'm glad we have albums like this (and the &quot;Passengers&quot; album), where we can hear U2 actually in the creative process and not just at the end of it.  A must-have for any U2 fan.
B000001FSR|5.0|yeah. this is the one. some of the most evocative music (and words) these ears've ever heard. if the human race evolves enough not to destroy itself in a nuclear war, future generations will realize that THIS was the best Tom Waits album (at least before 2001!). <br />peace.
B000006NXP|5.0|Though his recordings are few and far between, Carlos Kleiber's records are always exceptional. He never misses, and this Brahm's Fourth is no exception. Before he ever records a piece he spends countless hours studying the piece so that he plays it to the composer's wishes and he makes sure his orchestra pulls it off perfectly. It always amazes me to hear how perfect Kleiber's recordings sound when compared to other great ones. He is far, far better than the competition. This particular Brahms fourth is amazing. Better than all others i've heard, including the great one in Sanderling's cycle. The orchestra plays clearly, and powerfully, bringing out the truly tragic elements of the symphony. Far more powerful and emotional than other versions. Plus the sound is incredible due to the digital recording. At a mid price you can't go wrong. Add this to your collection ASAP
B000006OBQ|5.0|Las Vegas. Sinatra.  Basie. What more needs to be said? P.S. The Monologue (comic routine) alone is worth the price!
B000001GQ1|3.0|Wilhelm Kempff is considered to be one of the great Beethoven pianists of the century. How a title like this was bestowed upon him is beyond my comprehension. Kempff was an excellent pianist, with superb technique, and in this recording of Beethoven's four most famous piano sonatas it shows. However, his performances are dry, lack passion, and leave the listener with a feeling of emptiness due to a lack of energy. Beethoven is a composer whose pieces should be played with passion and energy. While this recording is technically good, it lacks those two important elements that make the works of Beethoven great. Kempff plays in a classical manner, which proves far too mellow for Beethoven. The tempos are ridiculously slow. For example the Presto portion of the Appasionata is one of the sonata's highlights because of it's intensity. Kempff plays it no faster than an allegreto and with little force. Sure, if you're a beginner to Beethoven or a piano student looking how to play these pieces, this recording is perfect for you as a good introduction or learning tool. To those, however, looking for great Beethoven performances that are fiery and impassioned, this recording is not suggested. Too mild for my tastes, and I'm quite sure if you hear it you will agree. Buy only if you're a beginner or really want ALL versions of these sonatas in your collection. This record should otherwise be passed up.
B000000H48|5.0|This is for me the best KD release. This album marks a milestone in the KD's career. Here they committed to a more progressive and innovative sound (listen for example the tempo changes in &quot;At The Graves&quot;, or the dynamics in &quot;Sleepless nights&quot;) and finally succeeded in creating a metal masterpiece! So, they arrived with a second part of &quot;Them&quot; that is musically superior, but still heavy, aggressive, and full of mystery and power. I see this CD like one of the most elaborated rock concept albums of all times, in spite of its cover. The cover, well... this is the only think that I don't like of it - Actually, I didn't purchase it before because of that King Diamond ugly face showing the tongue: what at ridiculous stuff, man! However, this is a five stars album from head to tail. Please forget the cover and listen to the music: The drummer does a superb job, decorating each piece with a burst of beats that go there where they should go. Guitars keep being dark and scary, but the neoclassic touches on LaRocque's phrases give the soloing a breath of fresh air. Songwriting is great, and the bass lines are more than good... I think that I don't even need to mention KD's vocals: you know how this guy uses his voice and how sheer is his style!<br />Energetic and explosive, this is an album that you must not miss if you are serious about metal music. I don't want to say too much more: just go for it, and prepare to listen a mature and high-quality metal band at its best moment. I bet you'll enjoy it!
B0000027F3|5.0|This is about how a gang of old folks could update its sound to become a ground-breaking thrash metal band from one day to the next. Simply amazing! After listening this I'd say that JP's members will be young forever. The acquisition of the former Racer X drummer, Scott Travis, has a lot to do with this refuelling; but if you also pay attention to guitars, bass and vocals you'll recognise that Mr. Travis is not the only one that conducts this show to the success.<br />This is heavy metal at its purest essence. Glenn Tipton and KK Downing shred as crazies, showing recent influences even from Malmsteen or Paul Gilbert. In addition, Rob Halford screams, shouts and sings more aggressive than ever, yelling over a speedy background in a way barely seen before in his career.<br />The silliness of the lyrics of this album is the only thing I could have against it, but this is by no means a showstopper. For the sake of good music, buy this item to see what your grandpas would do in these days! Five stars, in spite of the childish style: after all, when you get older you return to your childhood, isn't it ;-)
B00004T9UH|2.0|Id like to start off by saying that buying the clean version of this cd is a waste of money. I enjoy Eminems music, but a young child should NOT be listening to this, edited or otherwise. Eminem edited out the bare minimum of swearing and profanity, leaving in n**ger, b**ch, s**t and drugs and kill about half the time. With this cd, buy the unedit, or dont buy it at all.
0553579908|4.0|\\"A Clash of Kings\\" got me through two long airplane trips in steerage class, plus several sleepless nights when I was trapped in a noisy Roman hotel with sixty Episcopalian choir boys.<br />For that I am grateful.<br />I won't admit to being addicted to Martin's epic medieval war fantasy, but I've already started Volume III,\\"A Storm of Swords,\\"  from his projected six-volume series, \\"A Song of Ice and Fire.\\"<br />After finishing \\"A Game of Thrones (Volume I),\\" I wasn't sure how the author was going to extend his story to six, thousand-page volumes.  However \\"A Clash of Kings\\" opens up many possible plot lines---there are five kings in Volume II as opposed to one king in Volume I,  and they spend this book warring against each other.  If you like to read about trebuchets that \\"turned living men into bone and pulp and gristle,\\" and you know the difference between a mace and a morning-star, then you'll probably enjoy the battle scenes more than I did.  Martin did his research on medieval weaponry and tactics, and his action scenes are totally riveting, even though ripped entrails, ichorous fluids, spastic colons, and roasting flesh are prominently featured.<br />I guess you can't scramble for thrones without breaking a few yokels.<br />Martin splits his narrative between ten different characters, eight of them continuing their stories from volume I:<br />· The Starks of Winterfell--- Lord Eddard of Winterfell's widow Catelyn, her daughters Sansa and Arya, her son Bran, plus Eddard's son, Jon. Catelyn's son Robb is crowned King of the North and spends much of volume II defeating the various armies fielded by Joffrey Baratheon's royal relatives.<br />· Daenerys Targaryen, daughter of the last Dragon-blood king and referred to as the 'Queen across the Water.'  She spends volume II raising her three young dragons and outwitting the various and colorful folks who covet a flying lizard of their very own.<br />· Tyrion Lannister, the current Queen's dwarf brother and chief councilor to the under-age king, Joffrey Baratheon.  Tyrion schemes with eunuchs, punishes traitors,defends his king, and dodges his sister-Queen's murderous henchmen.  He has all of the best lines in the book and I love him dearly even if he does lose part of his nose.<br />· Theon Grayjoy (new) - once a ward of the Starks, now a scheming turncoat.<br />· Davos the Onion Knight (new) - a former smuggler who is loyal to the 'King in the Narrow Sea,' Stannis Baratheon.  Davos and Tyrion Lannister are burdened with the main battle narratives, Davos from the sea and Tyrion from the besieged city.<br />Please don't try to read \\"A Clash of Kings\\" unless you've already finished \\"A Game of Thrones.\\"  You might be able to skip \\"A Clash of Kings\\" and go straight to volume III, although I wouldn't recommend doing so.  Although there is plenty of action, not much happens to move the whole series forward in volume II.  One of the five kings hooks up with a powerful fire sorceress, and in my humble opinion that is 'the' most important happening in \\"Clash\\".<br />However, we start to catch glimpses of the supernatural bones that support Martin's epic, e.g. the servants of the Drowned God, the followers of the Lord of Light, and evil sorcery beyond the Wall of ice.  Martin is moving as slowly as the glacier beyond the Wall, but the first three volumes of \\"A Song of Ice and Fire\\" are compulsive reading.ief councilor to the under-age king, Joffrey Baratheon.  Tyrion schemes with eunuchs, punishes traitors,defends his king, and dodges his sister-Queen's murderous henchmen.  He has all of the best lines in the book and I love him dearly even if he does lose part of his nose.<br />· Theon Grayjoy (new) - once a ward of the Starks, now a scheming turncoat.<br />· Davos the Onion Knight (new) - a former smuggler who is loyal to the 'King in the Narrow Sea,' Stannis Baratheon.  Davos and Tyrion Lannister are burdened with the main battle narratives, Davos from the sea and Tyrion from the besieged city.<br />Please don't try to read \\"A Clash of Kings\\" unless you've already finished \\"A Game of Thrones.\\"   You might be able to skip \\"A Clash of Kings\\" and go straight to volume III, although I wouldn't recommend doing so.  Although there is plenty of action, not much happens to move the whole series forward in volume II.  One of the five kings hooks up with a powerful fire sorceress, and in my humble opinion that is 'the' most important happening in \\"Clash\\".<br />However, we start to catch glimpses of the supernatural bones that support Martin's epic, e.g. the servants of the Drowned God, the followers of the Lord of Light, and evil sorcery beyond the Wall of ice.  Martin is moving as slowly as the glacier beyond the Wall, but the first three volumes of \\"A Song of Ice and Fire\\" are compulsive reading.
B00003Q438|5.0|The additional twenty nine minutes which greatly clarifies and improves upon the end of the movie would be reason alone to pick up this DVD. But this happens to be one of the best DVD editions on the market for a lot of other reasons as well.  The Abyss is a great story with unforgettable moments galore.  You'll be grasping your sofa cushions during the storm when the crane breaks and a string of visually and emotionally gripping events set the story into motion.  The Abyss is populated with great relationships between the crew and moments of awe and wonder. The tense moments in this underwater action epic rival those of Cameron's other masterpiece &quot;Aliens&quot;.  Before I ever owned the DVD, I knew the Abyss had one of the most impressive THX soundtracks of any movie on the market even when it was on tape. Before I even had a surround sound system I was stunned at the sound coming from the two stereo tv speakers. The sounds put you right there under the water feeling the metal straining and really enhance the experience.  The picture quality on this disc is also super clear and one of the very best.    Beyond the movie on the second disc is an unforgettable hour long documentary on the &quot;Making of the Abyss&quot; extrapolated from one of the better articles ever written by the magazine Cinefex about the hardest shoot in movie history.  This was a great article to read but with the DVD you get to actually see everything they were talking about from the gigantic water towers to the billions of little black plastic beads used to mask the sunlight in the giant underwater set.  The documentary is very forthright about the dynamic on the set. Who was upset with who and how Ed Harris almost died and why. The Abyss shoot was fraught with real human drama of its own making this one of the best behind the scenes films you will probably find on any DVD. You'll enjoy some of the many crew t-shirts and posters. &quot;Life's Abyss, and then you dive&quot; is one of my favorites and thats one of the kinder ones. The art from the film is worth taking a look at as well.  A slight downer is commentary on this film is restricted to subtitles. However I think the documentary nicely makes up for this. I picked up this special edition early on in my DVD collecting but it still stands as one of my favorites. It should be a favorite staple in almost anyone's video library.
B000002IAS|4.0|Only if the complete show would be included in a CD set!  It gives a glimpse of what to expect at a Delaney &amp; Bonnie concert.  They are known to give dynamic representations of their songs.  Hope to see more of their live shows surface on CD someday.
0345350499|1.0|While I can appreciate Ms. Bradley's writing style, I found the political message of the book revolting.  She imploys an old, dishonest trick ... attack your opponents be rewriting their myths to suit your own political agenda.  This is what she does to the Arthurian Legends, to support her own feminist and anti-Christian dogma.<br />Worse still, she rewrites history to do it.  In point of fact, there has never been a &quot;goddess cult&quot; in England, until recently.  The historical Arthur was a wholely Christian king, leading a wholely Christian people, against a barbaric pagan invader.  Finally, Christianity in England was wholely and openly embraced by the people as a more honest and compassionate religion than what they previously had.<br />The Arthurian legends were originally Christian parables to the nobility of England, telling them how they should act and behave.  The legends were also embraced by the people, as good moral stories.  In this way, Ms. Bradley chose well the vehicle for her own political deceptions.<br />If you are like me, and relish the true Arthurian legends, then &quot;Mists of Avalon&quot; isn't for you.  It is nothing more than a politically motivated spin.
B000056B5E|4.0|For a freshman release, this album is great!  Many of the songs featured on this album have been played over and over again to enthusiastic crowds.  These songs are still fresh today as it was when it was first released.  It should be a must for every collector who loves Delaney &amp; Bonnie music.
0553573403|5.0|This was by far one of the best fantasy novels I have ever read. George Martin isn't afraid to say anything and it is very realistic. When I was reading it I was wondering if something like this really happened in our world and Martin retold it in a fantasy world.  This novel has a very large cast, over thirty important characters and many others. It is very political. You will find that you hate some of the characters (Cersei Lannister for one) and some you love like Eddard Stark. The book does not have all good endings, some people you like do die, and Martin will .... you off at times but again you can't really hate anyone in the books. Martin doesn't name his chapters chap 1 chap 2 etc but instead each chapter is named by a certain character and is told in their point of view.  A Game of Thrones is a large book but that shouldn't be an excuse of not buying it. It will go by quickly. It is extremely personal and you will be relunctant of putting it down each night. It is that good. I read this book in five days and I was angry every night when sleep took me and I couldnt read it. When I finished it I went to the book store the next day and bought the next book, A Clash of Kings. I'm reading it right now and it's just as good.  I know I havent said much on the content of the book but you can see many reviews that tell on the content. If you don't believe me this book was rated Fantasy novel of the year in 1996. If you want a good Fantasy novel this is the best in the genre. But it's so realistic I asked myself when I was reading it, Is this real Fantasy? I'm still wondering...
0800196767|5.0|This movie is about a young child who was born into a family not much like herself. She is constantly being tormented and abused by her family. Since no one is there to guide her in life, she guides herself. She teaches herself how to read, write, and anything else a child can do. She is smarter than an average human being though. She always dreamed of going to school, but never even started until the age of 6 1/2. But soon school turns into a nightmare because of a physically abusive headmistress who everyone hates and fears. But one thing Matilda does truly love about school is her teacher, Miss. Honey. One day Matilda learns that all of the yelling her father does, gives her magnificent powers, which she uses to help herself and others. This movie is wonderfully funny, exciting, and just plain humorous! This is most Definitly a have-to-see movie. I hope you enjoy it!
B00005LKIM|3.0|In this sequel to &quot;The Silence of the Lambs,&quot; Anthony Hopkins is still Hannibal Lecter.  He has escaped and is living in a dark and decadent Italy.  People use cell phones and computers but the theme is the same.  Only now there are many more murders, each competing with each other for grossness.  Hopkins' performance is good, but this is not a surprise.  He has been so typecast as a villain that it doesn't seem like he's acting.<br />Julianne Moore plays Clarice Starling.  Alas, she is no actress.  Her performance is wooden.  But then again the writing didn't create much sympathy for her character.  Ray Liotta is also in this film, over-playing his role as a manipulative FBI chief.  Ridley Scott did a good job of directing.  There was constant action and the scenes all contained the shock value which was intended.  Good cinematography too.<br />All that said, my feelings about this movie can be summed up in one word:  &quot;YUCK&quot;.  It was mildly interesting to me just to see how far a film can go to shock audiences.  I sure couldn't fall asleep in this one.  But unless you, like me, are just curious, I'd recommend you avoid this one.
B00005ASIL|3.0|The tune stack for this new Tull compilation effectively traces the unique prog-folk sound of Ian Anderson &amp; company from their late sixties blues rock roots up through more modern productions such as &quot;Steel Monkey&quot; and &quot;Roots to Branches&quot;.  The only problem is the remastering:  The application of digital noise reduction in the remastering process has sucked all of the warmth and vitality out of the music leaving us with a very cold and brittle sounding product. It would have been much better to just let the master tapes roll; hiss and all.  I'll give this collection an &quot;5&quot; for content, but a &quot;1&quot; for sound.  Tull fans should seek out DCC's &quot;Original Masters&quot; gold cd instead.
6304806434|5.0|Pound for pound, for pure fun, this is one of the greatest movies ever.  Please note that I said for pure fun.  I'm not comparing this movie to &quot;Ben Hur,&quot; &quot;I, Cladius,&quot; &quot;Shakespeare In Love,&quot; or any other movie that has a great deal of scope &amp; breadth.  Again, I'm only talking about movies that are for unfettered entertainment's sake.<br />&quot;Con Air&quot; is a movie that doesn't take itself seriously, and you shouldn't, either.  This is a Bruckenheimer movie that is heavy on action and comedy, and light on plot &amp; character development.  Yes, most of the movie is absurd, but it is also absurd in a fun way.<br />The cast is absolutely impeccable, featuring Nicholas Cage, John Malchovich, Steve Buscemi and John Cusack.  We even get Colm Meaney as an irate Irish DEA agent - a wonderful touch!  The direction is superb, and Trevor Rabin delivers yet another riveting score.<br />This is a can't miss for anyone who wants to sit back &amp; watch an hour &amp; a half of hilarious mayhem.  This is what I would call a guy movie - squared!
B00003CY5H|4.0|With the casting of Robert DeNiro and Edward Norton, The Score was almost a can't-miss proposition.  Although it didn't turn out to be the absolute classic I had hoped for, it didn't really let me down either. This movie is best when it sticks to its main plot; supporting plots about the relationships DeNiro has with the characters portrayed by Marlon Brando and Angela Bassett really do nothing for the movie, and distract viewers from the central point. DeNiro gives a less than energetic performance.  He's still pretty good, but I'd also add quite average by DeNiro standards.  Norton does a very nice job with his character, although I've seen better acting jobs from him as well.<br />The plot is put together well, the main heist scenes are fun, and the movie leaves you satisfied.  Definitely one of the summer's best flicks.
B00005LKHW|3.0|Ok, so when are the people at Universal going to release their final versions of DVD releases first? I don't see why they make us buy one version one year then a better version the next. I love this film and enjoyed the extras on the first printing, but please...Universal, stop with the dual prints! If you print one collector's, make it a collector's edition. Not a preview to a better version of the same disc.
6304698690|5.0|This is great movie for the collection. Very wholesome and family value oriented.  It is lush with scenery and well produced.  It will captivate children as my 3 year old was enthralled.  It is also classic that after many views, it still isn't boring.  Great for date nights with the wife after the children go down. God Bless!!
B000002KE2|5.0|Black Sabbath, the band credited with the creation of heavy metal as a musical genre, struck gold once again in 1972, with their fourth album - simply known as Vol. 4. After producing three of the hardest rocking albums of the 60's and 70's, Black Sabbath released this disc, unlike any of the other three before. Where the other records were almost entirely full-volume rock songs, Vol. 4 takes a decidedly softer turn. The art of dynamics is added to the band's repertoire (you can't go full steam forever). <br />As a result, heavy songs often contain soft and melodic verses or bridges, and some of the work on the album is a lot softer, with more of a focus on melody and feeling than on previous albums. Sounds like a masterpiece? Well, it is in a sense, but it seems to fall just a bit short of what it seems the band was working at. <br />Often considered the worst of the 'big six' (that is the first six Sab LPs, before the releases of the two, often despised discs, 'Never Say Die' and 'Technical Ecstasy'), Vol. 4, is in fact much better than a lot of fans seem to believe. <br />Perhaps as a result of the lack of radio play the disc received (Neither 'Snowblind' nor 'Changes' received too much airplay), Vol. 4 is overlooked and seen as the black sheep found in between five of the sweetest records of the 20th century. In fact, Vol. 4 is a stunning disc, but one that requires more concentration and energy than, say, 'Paranoid' or the band's self-titled debut. Even though it definitely isn't the band's best entry, it still remains one that is enjoyable to experience. The songs, more often than not, blend together to give an odd feeling of cohesiveness. If you don't pay attention, you might even miss track changes. <br />Wheels Of Confusion/The Straightener is an excellent opener, and one of the band's heaviest songs at the time. It, however, didn't lack the dynamics that I already said made this album so wicked. The eight minutes that this track takes up seem to slip intonothing. The solos in it are powerful, and the song changes course throughout, providing an interesting effect that makes it seem like several different selections. Tomorrow's Dream is another excellent piece, another one that seems just too short. Changes is a bit of a guilty pleasure for me. It's earned the distinction of the first 'power ballad' and rightfully so I suppose. Ozzy singing, drenched with emotion is layered over the soft tinkling of piano keys. Despite the fact that my friends often refer to it as being so cheesy, I think that is very beautiful, melodic, and almost hypnotic. <br />FX still strikes me as the 'question mark' piece of the disc. Stuck between two of the better tracks, it strikes me as something strange, although it's not unlike the album opener of Jimi Hendrix's Electric Ladyland album (...And The Gods Made Love). But still, it doesn't hit me as something the Sabs would be experimenting with. From there, the album stays at a continuous rocking pitch, containing a lot of the better songs on the album. Supernaut, Snowblind and Cornucopia are a trio of tracks stuck together that I love! It's easily the best portion of the disc. Once again, each of these songs contain some of the best Sabbath writing, and each of the backing instruments seems so perfectly in it's place. Laguna Surise once again displays the band's newfound talent for more obvious dynamic work. It's an instrumental that wouldn't really fit into the Black Sabbath style. Very beautiful and sad, with what appears to be a string section playing softly in the background. <br />St. Vitus' Dance is probably the record's weakest entry, but it's not without it's charm. Standing together with the rest of the album, it fits very well. And of course, the final track, Under The Sun/Every Day Comes And Goes provides an excellent closer to what is a superb collection of songs. More heavy, chunky guitar riffs and drum fills, couple with more of Ozzy's fantastic vocal work. <br />Despite falling short of it's ultimate goal of being the band's best record to date, it is an extremely cool disc that was well thought-out, well planned, and well executed.  At it's worst, Vol. 4 is a bit of a boring disc, but at it's best, it provides a lot of the best songcraft and lyricism the band had to date. Definitely not their best outing, like I already said, but a consistent and powerful one. <br />If I was allowed one complaint, it would be the production value on the disc. Unfortunately, a lot of the artistry is lost between the occasional burst of static, the hiss, and the 'dullness' of Iommi's guitars. The vocals aren't blended well, causing lyrics to be a little on the quite side. I'm sure that the import remaster on Castle records fixed that problem, but I wasn't going to shell out an extra $15 for it.
B000002UJQ|5.0|theres nothing i could add to praise this album that hasn't been listed already. u just have to see that theres seven hundred and fifty five reviews on this album and i'd say ninety percent of them are five stars. i just had to review it because it IS that great of an album. one of the best, nuff said.
0553278398|5.0|Isaac Asimov's Foundation series has managed to take on many of the complex social issues of his (and our) time: racism, sexism, politics, technology, and religion, to name a few.  This latest addition is no exception.  Finally, we learn the full story of Hari Seldon, who appeared only as a figure of mythological proportions in the original novels.<br />Seldon, an assisstant professor of mathematics, has devised a system (known as &quot;psychohistory,&quot; a major player in later novels) in which the probability of certain future events can be calculated with a decent degree of accuracy.  Soon, he runs afoul of nearly everyone in his time on Trantor -- from politicians who merely see psychohistory as a way to further their own ends, to a group of caste-conscious miners, to an extremely conservative, patriarchal cult that seems to have a tie with the mythical planet of Earth.  In between is a hunt for the truth about humanity's origins, and a search for the last remaining robot. Be prepared for a surprise ending!
B00004T8RK|3.0|the band who says they will never change, is still sticking with their vow. if anything this album seems to sound similar to their older albums. the problem with this album is the lack of a fantastic song. all the songs are good but its missing a &quot;betterman&quot;, a &quot;given to fly&quot;, a &quot;off he goes&quot;, a &quot;jeremy&quot;, or a &quot;daughter&quot;. instead its thirteen good vintage pearl jam songs. like many of pearl jam's other albums there is the experimental song. this one happens to be the nick drake like &quot;soon forget&quot;.  my two complaints are that &quot;grievance&quot; and &quot;insignigicance&quot; sounds too much alike. also &quot;thin air&quot; sounds like a continuation of &quot;last kiss&quot;. the highpoint of the album comes early in &quot;god's dice&quot; and the brilliant &quot;light years&quot;. overall not their best, but certainly not to be missed.
0375756736|3.0|There are two schools of Austen. The first, her ardent admirers, adore everything she does; the second find the snobby world her characters inhabit a perpetual turnoff. Belonging to neither category myself, this book strikes me as somewhat tentative, in regards to Austen's development as a writer. This opinion I'm sure won't endear me to the legions of Austen fans who treasure every word she wrote.  But though the story itself is a fine one, the novel as a whole lacks the attention to detail, character, and metaphor that Austen would perfect in her later novels (particularly \\"Mansfield Park,\\" which never seems to get the accolades this novel and \\"Pride and Prejudice\\" do). Though Austen compensates for this with various literary techniques (creating an opposite foil for all of her characters, constructing parallels for various scenes, etc.), when it comes right down to it, this is the work of a beginner, a writer just beginning to get her bearings. I know \\"S&S\\" has its passionate proponents, mostly on the basis of its romantic plot, and heartfelt depiction of the love lives of two very different sisters. But on the whole, this book derives its strength mostly from straightforward storytelling, rather than imaginative and poetic writing. Not a bad beginning, but Austen definitely improved her game with her future novels. (...)
B000056JYC|5.0|Frampton logra su consagracion cuando nos entrega la grabaciones de esta gira ya historica. fue uno de mis primeros vinylos que recuerdo con nostalgia y hoy considerando la impecable presentacin y audio del CD no dude en adquirir para deleite de mis dias futuros. Its a masterpiece
038533348X|5.0|I wanted to kill myself after reading this book. Kurt laughed laugh, pissed on love, and destroyed the nerves in my mind. I absolutely like this book. If you love riding a roller coaster, you'll love this book even more.
B00000DAFP|5.0|Este trabajo fue tal vez el mas sobresaliente de Gallagher, sobresalen &quot;manos arriba&quot; y &quot;deuce&quot; y simplemente marco la diferencia en su estilo frente a los otros guitarristas de la epoca. Es un buen CD.
0312243022|4.0|Although I read this book over four months ago, I still find myself thinking about it. I have just now finished Mrs. Dalloway, the book which Cummingham so imaginatively uses as a reference point and I now think even more highly of The Hours.  Do read Mrs. Dalloway first if you can.  You will be surprised by the similarities and impressed by Cunningham's own take on the passing of our hours.
B00004TDRD|5.0|When I first saw this movie,I got pretty scared.The shark was very big and very scary looking.This movie gave me nightmares for weeks.But that was a long time ago...and it stills gets to me...a little.The shark is a machine but looks so real!<br />This special 25th Anniversary Collector's Edition is Digitally Mastered and contains exclusive footage,interviews,and the making of\\"JAWS\\".Steven Spielburg directed this classic shark thriller that become one of the most scariest movies of all time.<br />A shark is swimmimg around Amity Island a peacefull town,but Summer is here and tourists coame.People head for the beach until shark killings happen.Now,Police Chief Brody,a scientist,and a man who will catch the ... for cash are about to be swept into hell!JAWS will scare you to the bone,unless Jaws already ate you! Rated PG for violence,brief language,and scary fun!!!
B00003CXRP|3.0|If you're a Tom Hanks fan, you'll enjoy this film.  It's basically a one-man play featuring Hanks.  If you're not a Hanks' fan it's hit or miss.<br />Director Zemeckis does a fabulous job of putting the viewer on the island.  The brunt of the film takes place on the island, with no musical score - only the background noise of the surf.<br />It's basically a survival story in which the survivor comes out changed.  Unfortunately, we don't get to see the depth of that change and we are left to wonder about his future &quot;choices&quot;, but then isn't that how life is?<br />Hanks and Hunt do a wonderful job playing the &quot;couple that almost was&quot;.  We get a real sense of the love and the pain and the maturity of their decision at the end of the film.  Hanks realizes that what almost was can never be and goes forward with his life.<br />All in all, the film will leave you thinking and give you much to ponder.
6304539258|5.0|When I first rented the plain Star Wars(Not Special ED.)some of the scenes were not as colorful and mistakes could show.But when I turned 8,my mom bought me the Star Wars Triolgy Special Ed.I was very happy and fasinated by the graphics and everything that LucasFilm did!The same for the other 2!This is a story about a young boy Luke(Mark Hamill)who never knew his father,but thanks to an new old friend,and a Jedi-Knight,Obi-Wan Kenobi(Alec Guinnes)Luke meets two new friends Han Solo(Harrison Ford)and his partner Chewbacca.Thanks to the help of two driods,R2-D2 and C-3po they find out were the beautiful Princess Leia(Carrie Fisher) is being held hostage at.They than have to confront Imperial Troops,traps,and the evil Darth Vader.Also stars Peter Cushing from the Hammer Films.This is the best Sci-Fi/action movie ever!A must see for every one!
B00005ASOC|5.0|As a writer myself I found much to enjoy about this film.  It's the kind of movie that just isn't made a lot these days.<br />Not only does this film tell a wonderful story, about a young man with a gift for writing trying to break out of his environment, all the while being mentored by a reclusive prize-winning author, but it also has stellar performances by both Sean Connery and Rob Brown.  As good as Connery is in this film, he doesn't steal the show, but blends into the background to allow newcomer Rob Brown shine.<br />This film fits in with that genre of movies that bears slight resemblance to &quot;Scent of a Woman&quot; or &quot;Dead Poet's Society.&quot;<br />Connery's classroom scene, near the end, is a bit formulaic and Hollywoodish, but the viewer will still find it hard not to stand up and cheer.<br />If you haven't seen an all-around good film in a while, purchase or rent this one today.  It's well worth it.<br />Matt Damon fans will enjoy the brief cameo late in the film.
6304539258|5.0|When I first rented the plain Star Wars(Not Special ED.)some of the scenes were not as colorful and mistakes could show.But when I turned 8,my mom bought me the Star Wars Triolgy Special Ed.I was very happy and fasinated by the graphics and everything that LucasFilm did!The same for the other 2!This is a story about a young boy Luke(Mark Hamill)who never knew his father,but thanks to an new old friend,and a Jedi-Knight,Obi-Wan Kenobi(Alec Guinnes)Luke meets two new friends Han Solo(Harrison Ford)and his partner Chewbacca.Thanks to the help of two driods,R2-D2 and C-3po they find out were the beautiful Princess Leia(Carrie Fisher) is being held hostage at.They than have to confront Imperial Troops,traps,and the evil Darth Vader.Also stars Peter Cushing from the Hammer Films.This is the best Sci-Fi/action movie ever!A must see for every one!
B000002UAU|3.0|well, the only over rated beatles album. the only songs on here which are great beatles songs are a day in the life and within you without you, the latter being badly out of place. the rest of the songs are silly little tunes such as Fixing a Hole<br />Pepper has been touted as being such a revolutionary album. exactly what is revolutoinary about it?? it was not the first concept album(Sinatra was releasong concept albums in the 50's). the truly revolutionary beatle albums are revolver and rubber soul(which was THE FIRST album in history). those two are also the best. if you can acknowledge Pepper for what it is, a failed attempt at making a concept album, the album can be entertaining but not very fulfiling.
B000001Y5X|3.0|Marilyn Manson put in some good time making this and came out with a good starter. This CD shows how Marilyn can scream but also sing bringing a more level CD. Many of the songs are great but they still tend to blend into each other. No one really talks about this CD and Smells Like Children because he mostly disowned those two. They are still Manson so you know they are ok but beside that, pick up The Last Tour on Earth or Anti-Christ Superstar for a better Manson.
B00000J7SO|5.0|Some divide Dylan's career into three periods: acoustic, electric and eccentric. This album has unfairly been blocked into the eccentric stage. It really is the last juice of the electric period.<br />The album opens and closes with two for the ages. &quot;Changing of the Guard&quot; revisits the imagery of &quot;All Along the Watchtower&quot; but with greater emotional depth and less intellectual certainty. ¡°Where Are You Tonight?¡± an epic requiem for a junkie, is an American classic in waiting. (Love to hear Matchbox Twenty or Pearl Jam or even Axl Rose give it a try.) <br />&quot;New Pony&quot; is one of the reasons why Dylan has been called the greatest white blues artist ever. The song¡¯s final line: ¡°Come over here pony, I wanna climb up on top of you.¡± Eat your heart out Sisquo.
B00004WGYA|4.0|Do yourself a favor and ignore the reviewer who thinks that the people at EMI used the wrong masters; he apparently hasn't bought a copy of the album since it was originally released. The label did indeed issue &quot;Rio&quot; with extended versions at first, which were then quickly recalled and pulled off the album to make the &quot;Carnival&quot; mini EP. (The longer versions of &quot;Rio&quot;, &quot;Hungry Like the Wolf&quot; and &quot;Hold Back the Rain&quot; are available on the domestic &quot;Night Versions&quot; CD or the &quot;Strange Behaviour&quot; import double disc.) The version remastered for this CD is the final version of the album, which is a sonic improvement over the 80s mastered CD which Capitol is still pushing over here. The packaging is great, with it's original burgandy color restored and the back cover photo reproduced gorgeously in the gatefold. The enhanced portion of the CD is nicely done as well, with videos, a discography and a photo gallery with shots from the video shoots in Sri Lanka and stills from the &quot;My Own Way&quot; and &quot;The Chauffeur&quot; videos, which aren't included. The one drawback in having the enhanced portion is that there isn't any room for bonus tracks, like live b-sides or the previously mentioned &quot;night versions.&quot; If you don't own &quot;Rio&quot; on CD yet, this is the one to get.
B00005ARDC|1.0|This CD is just straight out pretty awful.  I hear who they're trying to rip off but the attempts are so sophmoric they don't even rip anyone off that well.  The songs are are what really lack here, they're boring and sleepy.  No presence of rock and roll here whatsoever.  The singing is pretty poor - therefore the over-use of processing and effects, but even that is tired sounding really.  The show I saw brought me down and made me feel used for paying the money for the CD...
B00000I0XW|4.0|I bought this cd before I bought Surrender, another ALW compilation.  I love all the songs, sarah's voice is absolutely breathtaking.  After you hear her sing these songs, everyone else pales in comparison.  The reason I had to give it 4 stars, however, is that on Surrender, she repeats alot of the songs that are included in the alw collection.  i don't understand why she didn't record other songs for that cd instead of re-recording ones that many of her fans already own! i have included a synopsis of the cd: the phantom of the opera: breathtaking: her voice melds perfectly with that of michael crawford's unexpected song:  a very fluid piece of music. my only complaint is that the ending finishes with a very high note, making it seem a little awkward. chanson d'enfance:  one of the best songs from the musical 'aspects of love'.  sarah really outdoes ann crumb with this one. all i ask of you: this is not the original version from the phantom cast recording, which was sung with steve barton.  this song has a very eighties tinge to it, unlike the one on the phantom cd. don't cry for me argentina:  a little long, but enjoyable nonetheless. i prefer the spanish version on 'surrender'. another suitcase in another hall:  also from evita. if she wanted to do something from that show, i think she could have picked a better song than this. it's very mediocre, although sarah's voice really does brighten it up. love changes everything:  this song really demonstrates how she can handle many different styles of singing. it will leave you in tears. amigos para siempre: unfortunately jose carreras really drowns sarah out on much of this song.  it's decent overall, but not a favorite. memory:  although i've probably heard different versions of this song hundreds of time (who hasn't?), it remains one of my favorites. gus: the theatre cat:  i don't care very much for this song.  it's rather boring, which is pretty much how i felt about the show 'cats'. anything but lonely:  a masterpiece.  you must listen to this song. macavity the mystery cat:  a few too many verses, but i did really like it. tell me on a sunday:  a haunting piece of music.  wishing you were somehow here again:  one of my all-time favorites.  i prefer the original cast recording version of the song, however. pie jesu:  sarah manages to make this song sound so sweet and pure, even though it is an extremely difficult song to perform. the music of the night:  when i first listened to her version of this, i didn't like it. this was because i couldn't imagine anyone else doing it but michael crawford.  but i listened through it a few times, and while it isn't as powerful a song for a soprano as it is for a tenor, she does do it justice. if you are a real sarah fan, i recommend purchasing this cd.  but if you really want a good-quality cd of her performing alw, buy 'surrender&quot;.
B00005B6NC|5.0|Pitch Black is a science fiction/horror film that borrows from the traditions of the Alien series and Tremors.  In some unknown date in the future, a commercial spaceship is making a routine trip when suddenly the crew are awakened from cryosleep to find their captain dead, and an unknown planet rapidly approaching as they spiral through its' atmosphere.  Unable to regain control, the ship crashlands, and all but nine of its' passengers are killed.  Left to explore their new setting is one crew member, one ragtag law enforcement officer who is not quite what he seems, one millionaire's daughter, a group of devout muslims, a runaway child, an eccentric antiquities dealer, and one extremely dangerous escaped convict who also happens to have superhuman night vision.<br /> Through careful exploring the group of survivors discover that they are not alone on the planet:  their company, however, consists of a group of carnivorous aliens who are out for blood (aren't they always?).  At first avoiding them seems to be no problem, as the creatures only venture out in the dark-- and with three suns the planet never has a night-time... until the newly-promoted captain, Fry, realizes that they have arrived just in time to witness a total solar eclipse that comes but once every 22 years. Convenient, eh?<br /> In order to escape the planet alive the survivors must turn to their vicious criminial-- Riddick played by Vin Diesel.  Diesel is, always, stunning.  He once again shows his talent as an actor in the role, complete with moral battles and animalistic instincts.<br /> This movie will keep you on the edge of your seat until the very end.  An excellent pick for any sci-fi/horror fans.
6304712936|5.0|Czech-born Milos Forman, who gave you The People Vs. Larry Flint, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, and Man on The Moon scores a all-time classic with Amadeus.  The film has subtle nuances that leap out at you with the penetrating performances of Tom Hulce as Mozart and his character foil F. Murray Abraham as Antonio Salieri.  The film score is broad and gives us a cross-section of Mozart's work transforming the film into a quasi-musical without ever losing the compelling thread of the storyline...a bitterly jealous less artistically-achieved composer admiring and hating the genius of the happy-go-lucky and brash Mozart.  The convention is really ingenious with F. Murray Abraham giving a convincing performance as an older cankerous Salieri.  Who really cares if this entirely historically accurate?  That's not the point.  The film shows a devout appreciation of Mozart's music and gives it life weaving its creation with the turns of the rocky course of Mozart's carefree, but ultimately tragic life.  The appreciation of the music comes across as not being false, pretentious, or heavy-handed a pratfall that many other &quot;great artists&quot;-subject works fall into...a.k.a. Starry Night and Van Gogh.  Hulce's performance as Mozart is a spectacle to behold.  The maniacal carefree laugh won't soon go away.  You'll laugh, you'll cry, you'll toot on your Magic Flute. One of my 5 favorite movies of all time.  Own this DVD.  You'll watch it annually, maybe even more frequently.  It captivates and moves the heart.
0316776963|5.0|I get the majority of my reading done at the gym, and ME TALK PRETTY ONE DAY took my cardio to a whole other level: breathless choking! Now I know the literal meaning of the saying &quot;I almost died laughing!&quot;
0446525537|5.0|nicholas sparks was able to capture the feelings of true love in &quot;a walk to remember&quot;. this book kept me entertained with its witty up-to-date humor (i.e.: reference to Jerry Springer). sparks was also able to masterfully create a poignant tragedy about a love between two people that seemed to end as soon as it started. &quot;a walk to remember&quot; was able to almost live up to its promise in its prologue, the book definitely made me laugh but almost made me cry (although tears welled up in my eyes). to sum it up, this book is an easy-to-read bittersweet story that makes you fall in love with its characters and leaves you touched and moved by its words.
B00005LMBK|3.0|Gorillaz is the brainchild of Blur frontman Damon Albarn and cartoonist Jamie Hewlett. They probably won't change the face of music with this virtual animated band - but at least they're trying. I only had a listen because of Damon...and it sounds as if he's enjoying his relative anonymity as '2-D'. He's singing in character, using his voice as if he's actually his weird cartoon persona, and not the leader of a Brit-pop band.<br />The first couple of tracks, &quot;Re-Hash&quot; and &quot;5-4&quot; have got a great stuttering rhythm and some lively strummed-guitar. Unfortunately, after these two it's all a bit hit-and miss. &quot;Man Research&quot; is an irksome track that plods along with Damon affecting a bizarre falsetto over a lethargic beat. Things pick up with the first single &quot;Clint Eastwood&quot; a quite pleasing, hummable tune with a very catchy refrain. &quot;Punk&quot; and &quot;M1-A1&quot; are the closest things here to Blur...'indie Blur', of course. I agree with another reviewer who likened &quot;Punk&quot; to 'BLUREMI'. Since Gorillaz are an experimental project some off-kilter moments are to be expected, but few of them are interesting enough to warrant extra listens. <br />This hybrid of trip-hop and pop will be well received by audiences of low-key, ambient electronica. There's some funk-styled horns in the mix as well as a Latin-flavored track, but if you're a Blur fan like me, repeated listenings will just make you want to pull out those copies of &quot;Parklife&quot; and &quot;The Great Escape&quot;.
0312857063|5.0|I want to start this out by saying that I have been a fan of fantasy for the past 20 years and started out with the Tolkien and Terry Brooks novels.  I have read the WOT by Jordan (all 9 volumes) and I am not easy to please.<br />I want to address some of the plagurism issues that have been brought up.  I wholeheartedly agree that many of the associations between Goodkind and Jordan have been made by Mr. Goodkind, but how many other authors have used the concepts of J.R.R. Tolkien's works.<br />I beleive Mr. Goodkind to be a blend between Jordan - because of his ability to spend some time on details and then to bring the cataclysm in a speedier fashion; and Terry Brooks - for the manner in which he can spin a tale.<br />As opposed to lovers of Robert Jordan, Goodkind's books only seem to get better.  SOT is a wonderful book that I found the story line to be very emotional and with a few twists that keep me wanting to go on.  SOT is another step in the tale of Richard Rahl and there are many other characters being introduced.<br />Try not to look at this as a Jordan purist or we can all make references to Tolkien from Jordan.  Merely read this book because it is highly entertaining and I read it in a week which means I could barely put it down and I have already ordered Blood of the Fold.<br />Make sure not to miss this book
B000002IOW|4.0|Purists will not embrace this effort simply because it has more sophistication than previous works. If you don't like this album upon first listen, listen again and again until you know the tunes. This one is a sleeper. Recommended tracks for AOR AIrplay: Chain Lightning, The Pass, Superconductor, Show Don't Tell... No bad tracks, but War Paint could have been developed a little more or put towards the end of the album as is.. Presto ain't my favorite Rush, but I do Love it!
6305537313|5.0|What's not to like about this movie?  The beautiful diaphanous Hepburn traipses lightly as Holly Golightly all the while hiding a darker side under the surface.  Great music, Bohemian parties, New York, Tiffany's, cats in the rain, Mickey Rooney, and Sugar Momma's for struggling artist Paul Jarvak played by George Peppard.  This one has it all with the ending leaning toward the slightly melodramatic.  It works in its entirety and stands out as one of my 5 fave movies and definitely Hepburn's best.  Go get this and watch it time and time again.
B000002IZ4|5.0|Truly the only album that blew me away. Every song is perfect. My #1 favorite album ever. Nothing has ever come close.
B00005B4GU|5.0|i just bought this cd today, and after listening to it for about 4 hours running, i think it is one of the best cd's i have ever heard to think to. i am doing homework to it and it is helping me to concentrate.-apart from that i have all the other radiohead albums and i would say that although they recorded the songs on this cd with kid-a it has a very different texture, this one feels like is going somewhere while kid-a just sounded like the band was mad of about where they were.
B000002JS0|4.0|This a five star album. It contains Bon Scott and AC/DC going together for glory. But I cannot give it five stars. Why ?Because in reality this is compilation between two Australian AC/DCs releases: HIGH VOLTAGE and TNT. How their record company blended two great albuns together for release around the world ? Did they not trust the quality of the band enough ?
0876855575|5.0|bukowski is largely unknown by the collins-grisham-sheldon reading mainstream. too bad for them.<br />bukowski's alienation and frustration with this life is his bridge to the reader. these are universal feelings. chinaski is, at first glance, a pathetic man. cruel to women, incredibly crude in his speech, not lucid enough to maintain real friendship, the hardest drinker you've ever met. but i like him.<br />bukowski writes 'spare'. doesn't use too many words to press his point. he doesn't need them. there are laughs on nearly every page. his smallest details point out how funny and screwy and absurd the world is. bukowski is one of the few authors who can make me stop reading because i'm laughing so hard.<br />'the most beautiful girl in town' (short stories) and 'women' are also recommended.
B00003CXRP|4.0|Cast Away was a very good movie with great action and it would keep you off your seat in the suspenseful parts, but it's a little too long for my liking. Like I said before, it's action-packed in the beginning but in the middle, it sort of became a little boring. Without any human contact, Chuck (Tom Hanks) was by himself, all alone ont the island without any sort of dialouge. Maybe the directors could put in some Indian Tribes to spice it up a bit. I reccomend it to anyone who likes the idea of survival.
B00005ASOC|5.0|An aging reclusive writer mentors a young, fearless, tough, athletic  talented teenager who shows great promise as a writer, and is brilliant on the basketball court.  The film is about friendship, jealousy, fear, pride, control, manipulation, the art of communication, the bitterness of failure, power,  loyalty, and the beauty of mentorship; that is  sharing ones wisdom with another person.  Sean Connery, Rob Brown, Anna Paquin are a winning combination.  Dialogue is crisp, honest, biting.  An embittered professor who duels mercilessly with his students in class because of his own past failure as a writer is the protagonist.  His character is harsh, cruel and fuels the explosive dynamics of a writing contest on which hinges the scholastic fate and future of the teenager.  Powerful, searing scenes of life at both ends of the survival spectrum.  I really liked this film.  Exceptional acting,  a fine script.  Teach those who can learn, and let them, -no-  help them to grow up intelligent,  productive -  whole and healthy beings.  As the film demonstrates so well, &quot;when people are afraid, they return to their assumptions, and limit themselves.&quot;  The characters in this  uplifting film confront their fears.  Intense, taut, excellent!
B00004TRD8|5.0|I own a nice collection of DVDs, mostly a lineup consisting of action hits (and a few misses). When I heard about the T2 Ultimate Edition, I was pumped. Well, let me assure you that this DVD collection is worth every penny. The DTS soundtrack is powerful and the scene where the two Terminators meet in the arcade is a perfect showcase for your system. Glass shattering, bullets whizzing, motorcycles humming, trucks exploding -- it doesn't get much better than this. The extra features and Easter Eggs (the alternate ending is nice to watch!!) are worth the price alone. T2 is one of the true science fiction masterpieces, and it continues to reign supreme on the DVD as well.
B000002UAU|2.0|Bought this album with the greatest expectations. What a lack of expectations ... Of course it is good. AFter all, the Beatles are playing it !!. But, playing what ?? The album is so confusing, so much overdubs, tre drums production is awful. It's no the beste Beatles album. So what for printed lyrics ?? THios does not necesarily turn all the songs in it into master pieces of pop !!
B000002LMK|5.0|An excellent guitar-driven album.  It's nice to hear Neil away from the acoustic... while he's great on &quot;Harvest&quot; and mellower stuff, nothing beats him with an electric with Crazy Horse...<br />&quot;Ragged Glory&quot; is well worth the price of the CD just to hear &quot;White Line&quot;, &quot;Days That Used To Be&quot; and &quot;Over and Over&quot;.  But those are just the tip of the iceberg.  The rest of the cd is great, with half of the 10  songs here being included on the fantastic &quot;Weld&quot; live 2-cd set.  While &quot;Ragged Glory&quot; predates &quot;Weld&quot;, you can feel the same vibe and energy... loud, bruising guitars, great melodic songwriting and soloing, and Neil's distinctive vocals.<br />PS for guitarists: this is one of the great cds for jamming.
0792844882|3.0|I read a comment that had me rolling with laughter with recognition because it was so right on. Any given scene in Showgirls plays out like this. Nomi makes new friend (guy in pickup truck, head of nightclub, lead dancer, choreographer, casino head, rock star.) They talk. The other character says something wrong. Nomi's eyes flare with rage(think Joan Crawford)and Nomi storms out of the room. If something is in front of her at the time (ice cubes, make-up brushes, tray of french fries) she will dash it to the table to spectacular explosive effect, leaving other character in cloud of befuddled wonderment at what just happened. Like an episode of Three's Company, you almost marvel how you never cease to tire of seeing different variations on the same theme. It may help a lot that in most cases Nomi is still clamoring to put on a top as she exits. Showgirls is Paul Verhoven's folly. As &quot;emotionally complex&quot; as Nomi is throughout, the film manages to be entertaining enough to keep you sitting through it. In the end Showgirls is like walking by a peepshow, you don't want to lower yourself to go in, but somewhere inside you you wouldn't mind having a quick look. The DVD is very sharp and detailed with nice bright color. I consider it a little above average for picture quality. Someone mentioned that this widescreen version is cropped top and bottom because the film was shot in 4:3 format. To the contrary liner notes however indicate that Showgirls native format is widescreen! They show a convincing diagram of the cropping that would occur if the film was shown in 4:3 standard format. Whatever the final verdict I did not notice anything cut off that I would like to see. I this case I perhaps prefer the illusion of widescreen. Whatever the truth is, increase in clarity from the DVD over VHS is more than a payoff for this compromise. If we were talking About &quot;Gone With the Wind&quot; or &quot;Fantasia&quot; I might do research and hold out for the definitive version. The included reading material on the film is nifty. The back cover of the DVD describes Showgirls as one of the most controversial-and shocking-films of all time. Hee hee. And the inner liner notes are even more amusing as Paul Verhoven and Joe Esterhaus posture about their indepth research. Apparently &quot;P.V. and J.H. ... put aside their inhibitions and delved into the exotic and sensual subculture of Las Vegas nightlife.&quot; What a sacrifice these great filmmakers made! :)To paraphrase Esterhouse &quot;In the world of big casinos where there is only semi-nude dancing and the illusion of respectability, in some ways may be more corrupt than the more honest statment of the lap dancing clubs. I think the story represents an interesting moral paradox.&quot; While this might make Showgirls an important cautionary tale for girls thinking of entering into the casino showgirl circuit. It may only indicate that after his extensive research Joe prefers lapdancing and casino shows make him sexually frustrated. My message is see Showgirls for the nudity, not the message. The film will be more honest for you ...and less frustrating.
B000002MTR|3.0|One Hot Minute lacks the imagination that made Blood Sugar Sex Magic a hit. It lacks inspiration and without John Frusciante, the band seems to have lost their style. This CD is missing the soul and love for the music that is felt throughout their other great cds(Blood Sugar, Mother's Milk, etc). Dave Navarro is a great guitar player(Frusciante's replacement), but he isn't the right guitar player for the band. There are, however, a few good songs. For example, Aeroplane is a very good song, but not does not follow the Red Hot Chili Pepper style from Blood Sugar Sex Magic and before. If you like their funk-rock sound, don't buy this, but Mother's Milk or some of their older music.
B00000I07Q|4.0|This album, released in 1988, is really terrific, but nothing coming from Bon Jovi should ever deserve five stars. After all, this is a bublegum band, imerged in glam.
B000001E8P|5.0|Well I love brit rock and i bought this cd becouse i was looking for some great britrock like the Smiths and Morrissey, so I thought i would buy a CD from a band i know little about, and I love all the songs on here but the one that stood out was a song that not that many people Mentioned and that is, Somthing changed,it has that oh so lonly brit feeling that I love so much, great CD all together get it.
B000000HTK|5.0|....<br />When VdGG broke up in 1972, they were at the height of their powers.  They'd just released a masterpiece -- 'Pawn Hearts' -- and the world, or Italy at least, loved them.  For three years, Peter Hammill released solo albums; history does not relate what the other band members did during the period.  In 1975, with no-one making much money (not even in Italy), the band reformed.<br />Wonderfully, the band was still at the height of its powers.  'Godbluff' relies less on effects, overdubs and manually-intensive tape manipulation than 'Pawn Hearts', but it's  a more consistent album which perhaps doesn't try to squeeze in quite so many different riffs per track.<br />With the arrival of CD in the early 1980s, Virgin (now the owner of the Charisma back-catalogue) put out two well-considered compilations of VdGG's works.  So highly regarded was 'Godbluff' that, of the four tracks on the album, the 'Second Generation' compilation CD contained no fewer than three.<br />But strangely it omitted 'Arrow', which for me is the stand-out track (and I've been listening to the album for 25 years).  One of the reviewers of the time (must have been from Melody Maker, Sounds or NME) wrote that it began with one of the greatest examples of free jazz drumming he had ever heard.  (It's probably not true.  But I would content that Guy Evans has been one of the greatest white jazz-rock drummers of the past thirty years.)  I have always loved the lyrics of 'Arrow', depicting a bleak, mediaeval landscape and a figure desperately scuttling around, 'craving protection'.<br />Postscript: I saw saxophonist Dave Jackson in concert last night, at an outdoor fireworks-and-picnic event at Claremont, Surrey, England.  Still wearing a trademark leather hat, his music has evolved into an electronics-enhanced style bearing some similarities to John Surman and Jan Garbarek.  Since the break-up of VdGG phase 2, he's made a second career in teaching, and this showed through in the motion-sensitive instruments laid out in front of the stage for audience participation.  Unfortunately the instruments were also rain-sensitive, and he seemed to spend much of the time covering them....<br />Forced to compete against other stages offering soul standards and Abba revivalists, he attracted a relatively tiny audience.  His music was just too weird and demanded too much concentration ever to be immensely popular.  Which is pretty much the story of Van Der Graaf.  From 'Pawn Hearts', through 'Godbluff' and 'Still Life', the band achieved a tremendously high standard in demanding progressive music.  Listen to a sample first so that you understand the genre you're buying into, but you can safely buy any of those three albums.  Prepare to be amazed!ive instruments laid out in front of the stage for audience participation.  Unfortunately the instruments were also rain-sensitive, and he seemed to spend much of the time covering them....<br />Forced to compete against other stages offering soul standards and Abba revivalists, he attracted a relatively tiny audience.  His music was just too weird and demanded too much concentration ever to be immensely popular.  Which is pretty much the story of Van Der Graaf.  From 'Pawn Hearts', through 'Godbluff' and 'Still Life', the band achieved a tremendously high standard in demanding progressive music.  Listen to a sample first so that you understand the genre you're buying into, but you can safely buy any of those three albums.  Prepare to be amazed!
B00003CX5P|1.0|I really wanted to love this movie, but 5 minutes into it, I found myself checking my watch. I think George Lucas should apologize for making this movie, like he did for the second Raiders movie (I think it was him). Anyway, it was embarrasing to watch. The DVD? Forget it. I'd rather watch a commercial for doritos.
B000002UUX|4.0|MEGADETH displayed a musical virtuosity never reached before or after in their albuns. This RUST is astonishingly perfect, musically speaking. Thue guitar are flying everywhere, delivering fantastic metal. Im sorry, but Metallica was never capable of playing with this vitality and virtuosity ( you cant compare Kirk Hammett with Marty Firedman, after all ....)
B00004XONN|3.0|Why am I even bothering? Everybody seems to have made up their mind. Radiohead obsessives say they love it, other Radiohead fans feel betrayed, some techno fans endorse it's combination with rock, and others mock the band for diluting a perfectly fine art form. So what's the real verdict?<br />It is pretty average. Interestingly, the two biggest failures of this album are both the most &quot;rock&quot; song (&quot;Optimistic&quot;) and the most &quot;techno&quot; song (&quot;Idioteque&quot;). &quot;Optimistic&quot; takes a poor vocal and wraps a sludgy mess of guitars around the music into a trite package. Meanwhile, &quot;Idioteque&quot; takes what sounds like an Aphex Twin/Autechre/IDM reject (and I mean reject) and puts an irritating vocal on top.<br />Basically, the album is at its' best when it compromises the techno and rock influences together, and it ain't bad overall. But seriously, it's not as innovative or difficult as people say. I saw it today at Target and the addition of synthesizers and bells are not exactly avant-garde. Buy it, or don't. You've made up you're mind by now.
B00005ATQD|3.0|PLOT: We follow Tom Cruise through what is potentially a Walpurgisnacht - not quite a &quot;Whose Afraid of Virginia Woolf?&quot; [This may be a wonderous future vehicle for Cruise and Kidman] His journey is fascinating - like Everyman he meets various temptations on his way through Kubrick's never-ending vision of New York after dark.  Contemporary Washington could be a better choice.
B00003CX5P|4.0|Trying to create a prequel to the immensly popular Star Wars films is akin to stripping off your clothes and running naked through the mall - some will be grateful and pleased, others will cover their eyes and scream 'THE HORROR, THE HORROR'. But either way, it takes guts to even make the attempt. From the first scene it's obvious that Lucas isn't simply trying to cash in on the Star Wars name. He is trying to provide a backstory, a new legend for today's youth who have grown up watching the three original masterpieces but have never had one to call their own. What Lucas gives us is a mixed blessing, a film whose best scenes are riveting, heart-pounding fun but whose worst scenes are embarrasing and tedious. The acting is relatively non-existant. Liam Neeson and Ewan McGregor sleepwalk through most of their scenes (and McGregor's Alec Guiness impersonation is wholly aggravating) and young Jake Lloyd is as unbelieveable as comic co-star Jar Jar Binks. But there are a good number of performances which hit their marks. Natalie Portman's young and brave Queen Amidala and Ian McDiarmid's creepy old Senator Palpatine are both well-played. But the movie's best character is the vicious Darth Maul ('X-Men's Ray Park) whose face adorned hundreds of toy boxes but has relatively little screen time in the actual film. The story line is a bit muddled, but no matter. We are meant to take this film at surface level and it's best that we do. It's hard to get excited about this first chapter when we all know how it turns out and are really just waiting for Episode 3 so we can all see young Anakin become the Darth Vader we all know and love. I can't say I thought this movie ranked up there with the other three films but I can say that it was a good start to the new trilogy, laying in line the events and characters who will guide us through the remaining two prequels. Hopefully when it is all said and done we will have a truly great new trilogy to hold up and call our own. After all, 'Return Of The Jedi' wasn't exactly the greatest ending for the original three but it certainly didn't diminish the previous two films. So maybe the next two will be PERFECT. And this and 'Jedi' will serve as the two less then savory bookmarks for the trilogy... like a sandwich you can't help but enjoy... despite the two slightly stale pieces of bread holding it all together.
B000008COG|1.0|This is the only AC/DC album that I would call a complete waste ... It has Simon Wright on drums, which was a serious mistake.. They called back Vanda and Young to produce it, but they did not save the situation. The problem here is: lack of good tunes. Just that.
0790734850|5.0|This is an excellent movie. The plot is excellent, the soundtrack is great. It always leaves you guessing and at the same time the movie has some feel good elements that can be crowd pleasers.<br />Set in LA in the 50's when the pitch for tourism is high and the city is trying to promote a crime-free image, their credibility is damaged by drug and sex rings and a late night shotgun massacre in a tiny diner. A young hot shot detective plays by the book and another plays bad cop. Together they have to get to the bottom of things without getting killed.<br />The acting is great in this movie, across the board. I loved it. If you haven't seen it already, you must. Check it out.
B000001EHS|5.0|I love the son bringing on a heartbreak or some thing like that because one of my x-boyfriends named Andy Hamiter like Def Leppard and the last song so I have always liked that song and Def leppard and I will never forget about them no matter what.
B00004TH83|5.0|This CD of 13 songs offers a variety of music for the listener. Her rendition of &quot;Adagio&quot; showcases her contemporary operatic style, with strong emotion and power. (The CD begins with the English version and ends appropriately with an Italian one.) Listen to the beautiful phrasing of &quot;Broken Vow&quot;. Or the unexpected subtleness of &quot;Yeliel (My Angel). And among Lara's vast range, experience the song &quot;You're Not From Here&quot;...It reminded me of Spielberg's movie A.I., which is thoughtfully powerful in so many ways. Lara Fabian possesses a voice that is sublime at times and tremendously appealing. Buy it.
B000002UDD|2.0|People keep saying this is a great album. The truth is: it is NOT !!!! This is not the real MEGADETH. TWith the exception of PEACE SELLS, MEGADETH only took off with RUST IN PEACE andwhen MARty Friedman came to the ranks.
B00003CXE7|1.0|Thus the combatants would have spoken had the Games forced them not to engage in combat mortal but to a much more terrifying fate: to be forced to watch \\"Gladiator.\\" At over two hours (it only seemed like six and a half), this landmark in cinematic ennui poses only one threat greater than having to watch it: having to watch it again. When Maximus' family is slaughtered in the first 35 minutes, you know that he's not going to be around at the closing credits. And the viewer's mood parallels Maximus' throughout the movie: there's agony and despair all along the way with doom at the payoff. The first twenty minutes of this film earn it its one star. The opening battle scenes are truly thrilling, but only serve to highlight the stupefyingly boring nature of the remaining two hours. If your aim is to overcome a massive case of insomnia, run to see \\"Gladiator.\\" If entertainment is what you crave, run faster, but run away from this tedious time-waster. Forget the Ides of March, beware any day this stink-bomb explodes on the screen.  And, oh yes, by all means, Oscars all around for everyone connected with this gangrenous turkey.
B00003CXCS|5.0|As a child, when you watch movies, you tend to pay more attention to the wonderful colors, and more importantly, the things the actors do to make the audience laugh. As a child, most of a movie's dialogue goes unnoticed, but then you grow up and, watching those movies as an adult, they tend to lose a little of their luster. <br />Which is what makes &quot;The Sound of Music&quot; such a glorious movie experience: the magnificent music and antics of the actors area delight for younger ages, while the moving and emotional true story of a woman who changes her life and the lives of those around her is one of the most empowering stories ever told. It makes smooth transitions from joyous to serious, boasts handsome performances from some very talented actors, and is helmed by a director who knows what the material requires and provides it amply. <br />Based on a true story, Rodgers and Hammerstein's musical is given the big-screen treatment, beginning with the infamous opening sequence featuring the singing voice of actress Julie Andrews as she belts out the title song, set against beautiful Austrian vistas and scenic landscapes. While Maria (Andrews) sings of bluebirds and hills, the nuns residing at the convent are puzzled as to how to solve a problem like Maria. The solution seems simple: send her away to live in the von Trapp home, owned by Captain von Trapp (Christopher Plummer), who is now a widower with seven children. <br />At first, the children are up to their usual nanny-burdening antics, but one night, during a powerful thunderstorm, they warm to one another and quickly become friends. Even Captain von Trapp, who is put off by the unorthodox way in which Maria allows the children to frolic, begins to warm to her new way of handling them, as well as warming to her himself. Maria soon must come to terms with her mutual feelings for him, and that, coupled with the Nazi-Germany movement in Austria, may put the happy family in jeopardy. <br />Let's face it: everyone knows every song from this movie, most of them by heart, all of them at least by name. The title song, &quot;The Hills Are Alive,&quot; fits the opener quite nicely, and, combined with such upbeat songs as &quot;My Favorite Things&quot; and &quot;Do Re Mi,&quot; the movie takes on a lighthearted and cheery feel that will no doubt keep children intrigued and maybe even singing along. Other songs, such as &quot;Climb Every Mountain,&quot; which closes the film, give the movie a serious feel for moments that require such a tone. <br />The story is also very intriguing, even in its final third act. There is a nice progression throughout the movie of things going from good to bad, bad to worse, and then ending on a final note of majestic happiness. As with any musical, the songs match the tone, though none so beautifully as this movie. <br />Julie Andrews will forever be remembered for her role as Maria, her lilting voice and caring nature carrying the movie along for many stretches of time. Her chemistry with actor Christopher Plummer, who plays Captain von Trapp, is magical. Plummer's character is well-rounded and stern, softened later by the newfound love in his life. The child actors are especially fun to watch, each of them portraying a different stage of life, from teenager to toddler. <br />Director Robert Wise seemed an unlikely choice to direct &quot;The Sound of Music,&quot; but after seeing it, I don't think anyone else could do a better job. The movie is as majestic as the mountains that surround the characters, and as moving and involving as any motion picture you'll ever see in your lifetime.
B0000029LG|5.0|Michael Jackson is an excellent musician. He paved the way for today's hottest pop stars. This 2 CD set, HIStory, is a sort of anthology. The first disc is full of hits from OFF THE WALL, THRILLER, BAD, and DANGEROUS. The second disc is of new material from Michael Jackson. All of this music will keep your body rocking from dusk until dawn, and is essential to any serious music collector. The first disc is from the late 70's through early 90's, and is just plain fun, catchy dance music. The second disc is diffrent from his past material. Due to heavy scrutiny and accusations from the media, this second disc is the more angry side of Michael Jackson. Most of these songs are a message to the media to stop messing with him and to just leave him alone. Michael uses these angry lyrics to make very beautiful songs. The biggest hit off of disc 2, &quot;Scream&quot; is one of my favorite songs featuring Janet Jackson. It also has an amazing music video with a record $7 million dollar budget. Michael is famous for great music videos, and this video reinforces that status. The album booklet inside is almost 50 pages long, with letters by fellow musicians and many awards Michael has recieved. This booklet is essential to the most faithful of Michael Jackson fanatics. The bottom line is that HIStory is an amazing collection of great music that I would recommend to just about everyone. Michael's influence is so large that without him, bands like the Backstreet Boys, *NSYNC and Britney Spears would not be around right now if not for him. In my opinion, pop died after Michael Jackson, and not even Janet can save it. However, if you want to keep pop alive, stop what you're doing right now and do yourself a favor by buying this album. You will not be disappointed.<BR>Also, be on the lookout for Michael Jackson's new CD, INVINCIBLE, to be released on October 30, 2001. ROCK ON!
B000002JSV|5.0|Lets make it clear to the reader who is not familiar with AC/DC: all Bon Scotts albuns with AC/DC are clssics of rockn roll, with their unique blending of Bons hilarious and original vocals and the straight ahead rocking guitar of the Young Brothers. Everything AC/DC released after Bon died is almost nothing compared with the albuns up to HIGHWAY TO HELL, with the exception of Back In Black. Their creativity began to wane immensely, altough they released a lot of solid albuns. ( I dont know why on Earth they chose a guy like Brian Johnson, who cant write good lyrics nor sing at all, to replace Bon. If they didnt want a copy of Bon, its easy to understand - they would never find it !! But to hire a guy who just cant sing, go figure ...) Well, back to The POWERAGE album. This is wonderful. After the opener ROCKN ROLL DAMNATION, we got the stuning &quot;DOWN PAYMENT BLUES&quot;. Everything sounds fresh, hard and spontaneous in this album ( the last one, for a long time, to feature brother George Young producing ). Amazing.
B00003CY5H|3.0|All right, the movie goes by kind of slow.  However, I would go see it just to see the incredible ending.  Robert De Niro and Edward Norton are outstanding as usual, however the plot lacks both the drama and the intestity.  In the end, I was dissapointed with the movie except for the ending.  If you are a fan of Edward Norton, you should definetely see this movie.
B0000524CY|5.0|To call &quot;The Exorcist&quot; a horror film is a drastic understatement, selling it short on the actual purpose of its story about a young girl possessed by a demonic presence. It is a shocking movie in terms of content and certain physical attributes, but the real story that lies within the material is something much stronger than a simple tale of exorcism. It's a mind-opening film experience as much as it is an eye-opening one. <br />In close collaboration with screenwriter William Peter Blatty, the author of the famed novel on which the movie is based, director William Friedkin brings to life the story of the lives of Chris Macneil (Ellen Burstyn) and her daughter, Regan (Linda Blair), who live in Georgetown. Chris is an actress, not completely well-known, but enough to throw expensive parties and afford some help around the house. <br />All seems well until Regan begins acting out of the ordinary, behaving in ways that graduate from simple to outright shocking. Her bed rocks violently in the night; her attitude towards others becomes increasingly temperamental; her skin becomes placid and breaks out into legions, and things ranging from violent convulsions to masturbating with a crucifix push Chris over the top, causing her to enlist the help of Damien Karras, who is haunted by the memories of his mother, with whom we see him interacting in the beginning third of the film. <br />It is at this point that the movie's true horror begins. The realization comes across Karras that in order to cleanse the young girl, an exorcism must be performed. Heading the ritual is Father Merrin (Max Von Sydow), who warns Karras of the psychological games played by the devil. The final act is a tour de force of horror at its most involving, as the devil possessing Regan becomes increasingly agitated by the ritual. <br />As I have previously stated, &quot;The Exorcist&quot; is not a horror movie in the traditional sense. I watched the film hoping for something that would cause meto jump out of my seat, but what I found was something much more horrific and, at the same time, completely engrossing. The devil is portrayed as a relentless force of evil, and is everything we've ever been brought up to believe about him. He lies, and most importantly, he plays games of the mind by using Karras's mother as a ploy to make him weak. To watch the way in which Karras must resist these lies is compelling and masterful. <br />And even the physical elements of horror are some of the most shocking cinematic moments ever. The crucifix masturbation scene is very disturbing and graphic, while the slow digression of Regan's appearance from a cheery little girl to a hideously deformed creature is slowly chilling. And those pea soup rumors you've been hearing... they're some of the biggest gross out moments in any movie. <br />The movie is also not without its share of brilliant casting, boasting some stunning performances from Max von Sydow and Ellen Burstyn. Von Sydow gives Merrin's character a stable and forceful demeanor, while Burstyn's Chris Macneil is emotional while never becoming too whiny. she is able to sell us on her character's fear for her daughter's life. Linda Blair, in one of the most challenging roles in history, perfectly segues from cheery to eerie, with help of a little make-up, of course. <br />If you were able to connect more with &quot;The Silence of the Lambs&quot; than &quot;I Know What You Did Last Summer,&quot; then this is the movie for you. It is a psychological journey that is religiously truthful and revealing, while also dotting itself with small physical horror elements and twists. You can't really ask for a better scare or shock than this.
0780628551|1.0|This is, without a doubt, one of the worst movies I have ever seen.  I saw it for FREE on cable this weekend ...I'm only writing this review as a public service. <br />Having your mind wiped out and replaced by that of an alien life form that travels through space via radio waves (I'm going to give away as much of the \\"plot\\" here as possible, people.  If I can convince just one person from watching this movie, I will consider myself a better person)is a preferable fate to watching this movie, for if your mind were wiped clean, you wouldn't remember the horror of having to watch this film...<br />It's TERRIBLE.  It's AWFUL.  It's poorly written, horrendously paced, characters act and react with absolutely no logic, and, worst of all, it's not the least bit scary.<br />And this is DEFINITELY not one of those \\"so bad it's good\\" movies.  It's just BAD,period.<br />YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED.
0767819446|4.0|Requires some thought to enjoy, good plot, great film noire - much better then the Matrix, though I enjoyed that also. Reminds me in parts (just the ambience) of my all time favorite Dark City. WAY better then eXistenz.
0679879269|4.0|This is one of the best books out there and a satisfing ending to the series and will have you gasping the whole way.... But still a must have for a fan of the series.
B000002NHN|5.0|Book Of Secrets is my favorite Lorenna record to date. Here she toys with so many different sounds that it's hard to catagorize her style of music. She fuses everything from Celtic to Middle Eastern to even Egyptian, as heard most evidently on Marco Polo, a very upbeat song with little vocals but much feelings. She even sings the widely acclaimed poem by Alfred Noyes, better known as The Highwayman, which is a very long tune that clocks in at (10:19) but one that will leave you sitting on the edge of your seat in suspense. It plays out as an emotional story of tragic love entangled with blood and death as its horrid end unravels before your eye. It's all very intense! Another to listen for is Night Ride Across The Caucasus and Dante's Prayer, which starts off beautifully with the haunting bass line of munks leading you into a saddened tale of love.<br />As heard throughout the album I promise that you'll never once grow tired of its many influences. If you're new to McKennitt's music than I suggest starting out with this. And if you're an old fan than keep on listening. It's a beautiful journey to many mystifying lands.<br />Also check out The Mask And Mirror where you can find the haunting Mystic's Dream.
B00004RFFW|4.0|Guys like Danny Glover don't die on toilets in the Lethal movies because it wouldn't be the same without him and Mel Gibson! The boys come back for another round in this excellent sequel! When you bring in the comic relief of Joe Pesci as Leo Getz (&quot;Whatever you need, Leo gets! Get it?&quot;), and some nasty South African Diplomats hiding behind Diplomatic Immunity, then you got a very good &quot;Weapon&quot; which really does top the first movie! Mel and Danny have really good chemistry together, and that shows out a lot with their portrayals of Riggs and Murtaugh! However, the movie can have it's really dark-sides (in terms of what happens to Patsy Kinset's character) that really make you sore! However, moments like this in the movie later become justified, and you can't wait for the 2 wacky cops to come back for another sequel! A really great movie alltogether!
0790729628|4.0|Ok, Blade Runner has got to be one of the greatest stories I know. I love this movie and is one of my fav sci-fi movies, but I don't understand why so many people think the Director's Cut is better than the original. There are many pros and cons to it. First, the voice over narraration is so much better to have. Deckard doesn't have enough dialogue in the movie for the story to flow through in the DC ver. It really helps the story move and you know what he is thinking. But, a pro for the DC is that the unicorn seen is a must. I really added alot of element on wondering if Deckard is a rep or not. The endings are neither here nor there. I like both the ending in DC where you were wondering what they were going to do, bu the happy ending was good too! It didn't seem phony at all to me! Plus, the happy ending goes along with the book, Blade Runner 2: The Edge of Human by K.W. Jeter, an ok novel but not great.
630416923X|5.0|I cannot say enough about this video collection.  I loved every minute of it.  First of all the quality of the production is excellent.  The songs, performances and testimonials are intermixed flawlessly. Thoroughly enjoyable.  One thing I realized after seeing this 10 hour production is that we really did not see very much of the Beatles during their reign. Well, this video set fixes that.  The performances alone are worth the time it takes to view it all.  The Beatles were first class, no doubt about it and this anthology project verifies it. Highly recommended.
B00005176F|5.0|Un disco estupendo de principio a fin. De verdad se recogen las mejores canciones de cada uno de sus discos(aunque se echan de menos unas cuantas). Yo como fanatico de este grupo, creo que es un estupendo material para todos aquellos que sienten curiosidad por saber cual es el sonido de este grupo, el cual de verdad no suena mucho en el continente americano.
0679805273|5.0|Good book for people graduating out of college or high school.  Simple book yet it talks about that we all can move mountains. Mountains can be moved. Grea book for all ages, and vibrant with grea illustraions. And the general rule is  if you are giving this as a gift, read it first before u wrap it.
630575067X|5.0|Ok, I do not understand why people have given Star Wars Ep I such a hard time. I am a hardcore SW fan, can't wait for Episode II and didn't think this movie was extremely bad. Yes, Jar Jar was an annoying character, and the midichlorian thing is a little strange, but COME ON! This story is not complete! We must wait until Ep II & III come out before we should totally judge Anakin's story. I believe this one was meant more for the kids, so in thinking as a child, I can see why they love this movie. I gave this one 5 stars because it is a great movie for all ages, but focuses more on children, unlike the original trilogy which was best for more mature audiences. Just wait until Ep 2. ....
B00004Z459|4.0|To tell you the truth, I thought I belonged to that generation that was over music with angst and inner turmoil as their theme. I was wrong. The first time I heard &quot;Paper Cut&quot; I knew I had to take my azz to the record store. I used be into Korn and its likes for a long time but gave it up simply because grew tired of the screaming. However, these guys are able to deliver their message in a different way, with soft, almost boy-band like vocals at times. It creates a grim but still fresh soundscape. I lost this album after a week and had to go buy a new one right away because I just can't stop listening to it.  Can't recommend this album enough!!!
6300216802|4.0|I have seen this movie at least 12 times, I like it but is not as powerful as the others, well of course more powerful than V. I been a fan of Star Trek all my life, and this film is a good start for  the series , the plot is consistent to those of the original series, is like a 2 hour episode, the special effects are great, but the uniforms are not I prefer the Navy like, the ones they used in the next film. I give this movie 4 stars, is a great movie for trkkers, but for those who are not  are going to get bored out of their mind.I do recommend this film, if you are a Star Trek fan.
B00005ABII|4.0|Cake had one hit wonder written all over them after &quot;The Distance.&quot;  Seemed to be a bit of a novelty song.  However, they are quite varied in their styles, and this CD reflects that.  &quot;Sheep go to Heaven&quot; and &quot;Never There&quot; keep the same song format as Fashion Nugget, and reflect the creativity of the songwriting.  I don't know about song one, with references to Satan, but the rest of the songs are suitable for playing.  Alpha Beta Parking Lot is a great stalker song, and they keep coming up with novelty songs that just rock!  They remind me, lyrically, of the Presidents, but with staying power.  A good, solid album.
6300213803|5.0|Star Trek II: The Wrath Of Khan is the best movie fot the crew of the U.S.S Enterprise, NCC-1701. The special effects are great, the uniforms are great for Starfleet. The end of the film,Spock's death is very powerful. The addition of Kik's son and the joininig of the two is great. The plot is very original, I specially like th starship chase and the Shakespeare quotes the director puts in the film. This film is the jewel of the Star Trek movies. And every trekker will love it.
B00003CXSM|5.0|Jennifer Lopez's character is hard not to like.  She seems so lonely, yet she is not bitter.  Instead, she makes it her career to bring couples to the altar.  Watching her struggle as a woman in love with a client and choosing between her career and love makes this movie truly enjoyable. While this movie is not going to be an award winning film, it provides everything that a fan of romantic comedies desires: a happy ending and a lighthearted story with many laughs. The DVD also includes some deleted scenes which were very interesting to a person who has already seen the movie and just wants more.
0783225849|5.0|It just boggles my mind that any modern filmmaker with an ounce of dignity and respect would even entertain the idea of remaking this bonafide Hitchcock classic, much less actually do it.  It even moreso stuns me that the younger generation would actually think that the remake was scarier than this Hitchcock classic.  Let me tell you that the remake can't hold a candle to it (not to mention that it's absolutely horrible in its own right).  I first saw this movie about four years ago.  I was already a huge film buff at this point, but, as much as I had heard about it, I had never actually sat down and watched this film.  My mother was the one who convinced me to not even bother renting it and watching it first, but to actually lay down the money and buy it.  It was, simply, THAT good.  So I did it, went to the local video store one night and bought the video.  I sat down when I got home and popped it in.  The second I heard Bernard Herrman's frantic and tension-building score playing over the opening credits, I began to get an uneasy feeling.  Like I was about to witness something like nothing I had ever seen.  The movie starts out leisurely, but still fascinating... it deceives you by making you think it is going to focus on Janet Leigh's character who boldly steals a bundle of cash from the bank she works at and flees across the countryside.  These first scenes have a very uneasy feel about them as she manages to stay several steps ahead of the authorities, but struggles with her conscience.  And then, on a dark and stormy night she pulls off the highway and up to the isolated Bates motel.  And that is when everything changes.  Here she meets the tenant Norman Bates.  And she HEARS about his mother who he tells her lives in the strange-looking house on the hill across from the motel.  But, trust me, nothing can prepare you for the infamous and notorious shower scene.  I don't care how many clips you've seen from it, how much you've heard about it, or how much you THINK you know about the effectiveness of that scene.  When you see it within the order of the movie itself, and hear Bernard Herrman's shrieking violins, it will leave you breathless.  Even though you'll see it coming, you just don't believe it.  Until it happens.  After 40 years, this film has lost none of its shock value and still has the ability to scare the bejeezus out of just about anyone.  Although, I am actually a bigger fan of Hitchock's work preceding this one, I must say that this is probably his finest and most terrifying film, simply because all the right parts fall into place.  The acting is superb, the lighting and cinematography is drenched in moodiness, the story has undiluted shock and surprise value, it leaves you guessing until the very end, and even when things appear to be all wrapped up, he manages to end it in a way that will leave you feeling uneasy for days afterward.  While there have been a few contenders over the years, there has not been a horror film since that is up to par with this suspenseful and frightening masterwork from THE master of suspense and fright.  And poor Anthony Perkins.  He was so real and disturbing as Norman Bates, the ultimate mama's boy, that he was never able to step out of the shadow of that role.  His evil grin that closes the film will forever haunt me.
B00000F14B|5.0|awsome musical.  the kind that you want to watch with your family on sunday night with mom and pop and little betty sue, and aunt may.  anyway enchanting story about how a small town changed a sheister.  the special features aint bad either with a making of retrospective and your normal theatrical trailers.  little ron howard looked so cute.  rent this or buy it and watch it with someone you care about.
B00000BKDY|5.0|I know alot of people do not consider this Maiden's best album but &quot;Wasted Years&quot;, &quot;Stranger In A Strange Land&quot; &quot;Deja Vu&quot; and &quot;Lonliness Of The Long Distance Runner&quot; showcase the advance musicianship and songwriting of Maiden at this point in their career. This album was way ahead of its time and probably the reason why it wasn't received better. The dual guitar work is mind-bending and Steve Harris is probably one of the best bass players of the 20th century!
B000002KBU|5.0|This is &quot;Blue&quot;'s 30th year, and it's also been 30 years since I heard it. How have I held up? Well, the results are mixed. But &quot;Blue&quot; has held up just fine. In fact, if anything, it has gotten better since its long-ago release in 1971.<br />It's worth noting that I came to this album back then armed with complete skepticism. I was a devotee of the doomed rock bands of the day -- Hendrix Experience, Cream, the Doors -- and had begun to hook in to jazz, along with blues guys like B.B. King, Albert King, Howlin' Wolf, James Cotton, etc. So I approached this album by a little blond girl (as I labeled her with all my worldly wisdom of the time) with her acoustic guitar and piano and high, clear voice with a sideways glance and a bit of a sneer.<br />Both of which were blown away after maybe two listenings. One of the great things about Joni's voice is that it is not only remarkably clear, but she uses it throughout the record in surprising ways. She has a jazz singer's sensibilities. Although &quot;Blue&quot; is not a jazz album, Joni bends notes, juggles rhythms and keeps you off balance throughout with unusual phrasings. <br />And then there are the lyrics. One can read the many lyrics printed on albums then and now and find precious few that don't require the melody and musical crafting of the songwriter to lift them. Joni gives you plenty of melody and musical crafting, but the lyrics stand up by themselves. The best example of this is the wonderful &quot;The Last Time I Saw Richard,&quot; a poem for doomed romanticism. It tells a complete story in poetic language. Playing it and listening to Mitchell's chilling voice tell the story completes the experience.<br />&quot;Blue&quot; is best listened to from start to finish. Mitchell takes you on her journeys through the world and through her search for love and companionship, even as her artistic drive makes her a loner and a lover of the dark. Particularly strong, for me (aside from &quot;Richard&quot;), are &quot;A Case of You,&quot; &quot;California,&quot; &quot;River,&quot; and &quot;All I Want.&quot; But then I think about the life that bursts in &quot;Carey,&quot; and the wonderful love song &quot;My Old Man,&quot; and I realize picking favorites from &quot;Blue&quot; is probably a waste of time.<br />Seldom has an artist put so personal a stamp on a work as Mitchell has on &quot;Blue.&quot; Play it, savor it, and above all, save it, because I think there are few albums coming out today that will hold up as well as this one has after 30 years on the shelf.
B00003CY5K|2.0|'Legally Blonde' has its funny moments - moments where you burst out laughing at how incredibly stupid the situation is, which I guess is the point of the movie.  It's fine if a movie wants to be over the top, but 'Legally Blonde' isn't over the top enough to be funny.  Sometimes it takes itself seriously and other times you're supposed to laugh at the characters.  The plot, of course, is entirely predictable and formulaic, and Luke Wilson's character is just boring.<br />That's not to say you won't like the movie - the girls I went with liked it.  Just be ready to suspend any sort of critical disbelief if you want to laugh.
B0000067X1|5.0|I picked up Tago Mago pretty recently. I have already been a rather casual CAN fan for about ten years, after first hearing their Yoo Doo Right on a weak college station. I was mesmerized. I bought Tago Mago because I was curious to hear what their Mushroom sounded like. The Jesus And Marychain have a wonderfully sexy version that I pretty much grew up with on their Barbed Wire Kisses album/collection. The record store clerk wouldn't shut up about this album while he rang up my order. <br />&quot;You're going to positively looove this album. &quot; he declared, enunciating every word dramatically and clicking his tongue ring here and there, &quot;at one point, man, &quot; he paused and looked around, &quot;they just start singing backwards!&quot;<br />I was borrowing a car at the time, and had the whole day off with nothing to do, so I began to drive home with my new purchases. I flicked Tago Mago into the cars' CD player and was blown away. I got home but didn't want to stop, so I kept driving, I just kept going, I didn't know where to go so I drove through Golden Gate Park, I just wanted to drive and listen to this forever. They do indeed sing backwards, though, it's not the entire album, they only do that on the amazing Oh Yeah. I drove up and down the beach, at the rim of the Pacific Ocean and the car stereo was turned on and vice versa. <br />The general feel of the album is that it is very progressively percussive, in a very rhythmic tribal way, but not at all in a world-music sense (thankfully). There is something indescribable about CAN, at least this incarnation of CAN. This album, which is the best I have heard of theirs (though they have about twenty-seven, in one way or another). I tend to think I like their early period, Tago Mago is from 1971 and Monster Movie (another good one) is from 1969, though Deutschland proves to not have been no Woodstock or Summer of Love, because this music is positively from another galaxy! The singer for Tago Mago's line-up is Damo Suzuki, apparently stepping up to the plate after Malcolm Mooney lost his marbles (?), a bit like Skip Spence I suppose. Damo has a wonderfully franticness to him, unlike so much of what was around him in those days, he sounds like he was stolen from this era of music and transplanted in the late 60's with no way of return, and you can hear such entrapment in his vocal-chords, I would and I wouldn't want to be in the same room as Damo Suzuki when he decided he wanted to let it all out and scream. <br />This really is a great album. I can't imagine not having it, now that I do.
B0000064TT|5.0|This is real super.  You can find every popular music here in this disc, say hardrock, metal, southern rock, jazz, fusion, country and even classics ! I bet this is a real progressive music.
B0000019PA|5.0|Neutral Milk Hotel's second album &quot;In The Aeroplane Over The Sea&quot; is not the kind of album you listen to once and are blown away by.  It took me numerous listens for it to grow on me, hell, for me to even tolerate it.  But once it did grow on me it sank into my mind and left a lasting impression.  I honestly cannot pinpoint exactly what makes this such a remarkable record.  There certainly isn't extrordinary musicianship or outstanding vocals.  However, something is extremely right with this album.  One of the greatest atributes of this album are the amazing lyrics.  Jeff Mangum has a way of using words that simply boggles the mind.  Sometimes, even to this day, I will hear a line from this album and just be blown away.  The subject matter is very well done and the lyrics touch on things that I believe most people can relate to.  From the loss of innocence, to sexuality, to family relationships.  This album truly is a work of art.  I would recomend this album to anyone.  Listen to it all the way through a couple of times and I promise you will, if not love it, apriciate it for what it is, a remarkable piece of recorded genius.
B00005AXEL|2.0|It's a good album sound-wise, excellent production -- but Stevie's voice has really deteriorated in the past decade.  The soft vibrato is all but gone, and she can only hit a narrow range of notes in a way that sounds like the lowest 3 speeds on my food processor.  I shuddered to first notice this a decade ago when she sang &quot;Silent Night&quot; on a charity compilation -- well, things really haven't improved since then.<br />The songwriting is OK, but it often suffers from Stevie's flaws: hazy impressionism, precious self-absorption and shallowness.  On the pulsing, surging title track Stevie yells out lines like &quot;With honor be it spoken / To understand this light that we carry&quot; as though she's unveiling the great truths of the world -- but the abstract lines and phrases do not come together to build something, as they did so well in her classics &quot;Edge of Seventeen&quot;, &quot;Sara&quot; and &quot;Gold Dust Woman.&quot;  Same with Bombay Sapphires: the music is slinky and sultry but the lyrics are all about an &quot;it&quot; that is never defined, leaving Stevie sounding like an over-aged valley girl: &quot;It is blue / it is not about you / .... it's like Bombay sapphires / hey I can take you higher...&quot;  Whatever.... nice stuff, but is anything at all being said?<br />If you love Stevie, then of course you'll love this album.  But for those of us who see things a little more objectively, this is merely an OK album by someone whose light has dimmed considerably.  It's great that she got one last perfect moment with Fleetwood Mac in 1997, and it was wonderful that her &quot;Silver Springs&quot; finally came to be a hit -- but nothing here equals that.  Not even close.
0792156684|3.0|I enjoyed this movie very much. And I think it have fantastic cinematography and special effect. But, as far as the story goes, I am a little dissapointed. I am a history fan of the Titanic, and when this movie first came out, I was all excited and knew that I have to see this movie. Living in Asia, the informations and media about the Titanic is rather limited...thus I was hoping that this movie will be of a special visual feature on the actual event.<br />In that sense, I am grateful. The design, the cast, crew, sets..were authentic...top notch.( expt for Leonardo &amp; Winslet's role). The dissapointing part of the movie is that it basically concentrated on the 2 young lovers.<br />I was hoping to see ,more of the roles of JJ Astor, Molly Brown, Guggenheim and all those important famous figures...but they are only basically background. The actual character of Molly Brown is a very fascinating character, and I was hoping Kathy Bates ( I love her ) would make a fantastic recreation of that remarkable woman. Instead, I found kathy Bates rather restrained in her role this time.<br />I must admit I was captivated by the finale...the final sinking of the Titanic. I was speechless.<br />Now, as for visual &amp; effect.....this movie is gorgeous. But in term of story &amp; characterization, I prefer the &quot;original&quot; Titanic starring David Janssen, Susan St.George, Gloria Leachman, Helen Mirren and Ian Holm.
B00003CXA6|5.0|As a reenactor and historian, I will always hold this movie in the highest regards.  I am not terribly fond of most Civil War movies, but this one leaves nothing to be desired.  The acting is very well done, the uniforms and other details are almost flawless, and it is overall the best straight Civil War movie ever made.
B00005IBGQ|2.0|I bought this CD after reading many reviews from various sources.  Most of them were favorable, so I decided I'd done enough research and bought it.   The guy's a real downer.  All his songs sound the same.  Does he even have a 1 octave range?  Yeah, his lyrics are kitschy and cute, like &quot;oh, I've felt like that before, but just couldn't put it into words.&quot;  Thank you, Rufus.  And what's so big deal about having &quot;famous&quot; parents.  What else do you remember about Loudon Wainwright, III than &quot;Dead Skunk in the Middle of the Road?&quot; I haven't given up on &quot;Poses&quot; yet, but it isn't on my &quot;Play&quot; list.
0780622650|3.0|Fully loaded with special effects, but lacking the basics of any good sci-fi movie. There are plenty of creatures, places, time travel, etc, all chained up only  to visually entertain but Lost in Space is not an &quot;idea&quot; based flick. Full of horribly illogical facts (I mean these guys are travelling in space as if it was car-driving). Facts of physics are disregarded to an extend where you can't simply apply &quot;leave your brain out, take your popcorn, stop thinking, just enjoy&quot;.<br />Not a surprize that second hand market is full of this movie...<br />-3 stars only because I'm a strongly biased, die hard sci-fan :)-
B00005KFUM|4.0|well, having spent the summer of this cd's release in france, i can give a first hand account of the mania that surrounded it. almost like a late 90's britney spears/n'sync sort of thing in the states, excepting only that this music is extremely good! i hate to list influences, or similar sounding bands, so read the list provided..., it's pretty accurate. the best way i would describe this sound is along the lines of classical music on mind-altering drugs. it's certainly not poppy at all, with no chance whatsoever of radio play, but the music is synthesized so craftily that it will take a mere track or two to forget that it's synthesized at all. creative, dreamy lyrics layer the album and give the ambient melodies texture. try it out if you're interested in european electronic pop, but don't expect this genre to define it exactly.
B00005B3Z5|5.0|This is such a good VHS or DVD to buy... i just love it!
B00005B36H|4.0|all right, as i said, i'm not at all a tool fan. not in a bad way, just not necessarily into this genre. that being said, perhaps this review can be useful to those who can't quite appreciate the &quot;i-would-die-for-this-band&quot; type reviews that abound. having read a few nice things about this album, i decided to give it a shot. at first i was a little overwhelmed, and found myself staring blindly into the tool abyss of enchantment, but after a few listens, this cd really started to get under my skin (yes i understand the relevance of the packaging). while not really heavy-metal, or even progressive-rock, this band almost seems to define it's own genre. while none of the songs are necessarily catchy, the album as a whole has a lot to say. give it a chance if you are looking for something a little darker, a little more introspective, without crossing the boundary of insoucient melancholy.
0375701427|2.0|The central problem of Phillip Roth's book (and I'll just cut right to the chase, because I'm sure you've gotten your plot synopsis elsewhere) is in its double-stuffed narrative and completely uncompelling, two dimensional characters.  To the first point: about the seventh time that the plot failed to keep moving because of a flashback covering well-trodden ground (like, say, The Swede's wife's Miss America experiences) I wanted to chuck the book and move on to something else.  I do not mind digression, after all, I am a major David Foster Wallace and Don DeLillo fan.  Unfortunetly, this book is incapable of maintaining a compelling narrative while being digressive.  It lacks all the humor Roth is notorius for, and rather than make many brilliant deep observations, settles for making the same ones again and again and again.<br />THe second problem-- one of character is a bit more complex.  I don't care for one second whether or not characters are sympathetic.  I love Lady Macbeth and Hamlet, but I would never invite either of them over to my house for dinner.  ROth has never been good at sympathy, in an attempt to make a sympathetic protagonist, he has instead created... well... a non-entity. A carbon-copy aryan jew (if that were possible), a star athlete, owner of a major business.  A man capable of expressing two things: pain and joy, and fairly incapable of thinking about either one of them.  Roth then surrounds his protagonist with three female characters, none of them written with complexity.  This, at least, is not surprising, Roth invented several jewish female stereotypes in Portnoy's Complaint, so the fact that he is still incapable of writing women isn't too surprising.<br />The one great part of the book is its final chapter, but after reading 380 pages waiting for it to good, you might be very much dissappointed.  If you want a really interesting book about America, pick up DeLillo's &quot;White Noise&quot;.
0790742322|1.0|I was very dissappointed to receive this video and find that several scenes were cut!  Unfortunately they don't tell you anywhere in the description that it is edited/cut.
B000000Y2R|4.0|This is an excellent, but not &quot;essential&quot; recording of perhaps the five greatest jazz instrumentalists of the bop era. The legendary players include  Charlie &quot;Bird&quot; Parker on sax, John B. &quot;Dizzie&quot; Gillespie on trumpet, Bud Powell on piano, Charles Mingus on bass, and Max Roach on drums.  It would be difficult to ask for a better all-star lineup; it is, indeed, a historic meeting.<br />However, while the meeting is stratospheric, the results are mixed.  Of course, each plays superbly, but the ensemble playing--the empathic groove between the musicians-- is sometimes uneven.  This is not to take away  any superlatives from individual performances or those cuts where the band is tight and simpatico, but, in reviewing the performance, one must  (somehow) suspend  knowledge of each performer's individual excellence.<br />The biggest culprit is the very uneven sound quality obtained from Mingus' backstage recorder (!).  Mingus, in fact, had to dub in most of his performance later because he was recorded so poorly. Unfortunately, no one else redubbed their parts, and this, at times, dampens the performances of Powell, Parker, and Roach.  The second overall problem is the apparent lack of direction in some of the music. Finally, the band's ensemble playing seldom  wanders far from the familiar bebop grooves. (When it does extend itself, however, the band's creative impulse will jolt you.) Here, then, are the cuts:<br />&quot;Perdido&quot; (7:53): Dizzy Gillespie provides the only fireworks here.  His dramatic dynamics (volume changes) are well-recorded, his rapport with Roach is unusually good, and he throws in  a trademark whimsical musical &quot;quotation.&quot; Powell has a long searching solo that features an  excellent fluid-yet-choppy solo. Parker is somewhat less well recorded, and Mingus is limited to keeping the beat with a walking bass. Parker has some good riffs, but, overall, the song lacks direction.<br />The group hits its stride with &quot;Salt Peanuts&quot;(7:30), the best song on the album (along with track 4, &quot;Wee&quot;). Parker is really kicking here, with Diz yelling encouragement in the background, and the rhythm section has an electric, punching pulse. Dizzy's plays at a blistering pace: His bravado and virtuosity evident with every note. The great Bud Powell is not well recorded, but there's a prototypical powerhouse solo by Roach.<br />&quot;All the Things You Are&quot; (7:55):  Perhaps the least appealing cut.  Dizzy opens nicely, but the rhythm section doesn't mesh--there's almost a feeling that they're &quot;reading&quot; different arrangements, trying to find their way back to each other. The sound doesn't help either--Roach drops out about midway through the song, and Powell and Gillespie are either not miked well or are just strangely absent. Bird plays well, but without the necessary support it lacks emotional impact. Dizzy finally enters with a wonderful (if slightly over long) muted trumpet solo, simultaneous daring and melodic.  Mingus, and then the rest of the band, deliver a solid conclusion, but it's too little, too late.<br />I think the other standout here is &quot;Wee&quot; (6:45), an up tempo blues with some of Parker's best work on the album, backed with flair and empathy by the rhythm section. Bird and Diz have ample room to paint expressively across the vast bebop canvas. Powell is better recorded here, and gives perhaps his best performance here. Roach is an acrobat, deftly tossing fireworks with controlled abandon.<br />On &quot;Hot House&quot; (9:18) the bass recording overpowers Parker's nuanced, brilliantly colored performance. At one point, Powell seems to step closer to the mike, and the sound is that much more compelling. The drumming sounds muffled, and, overall there is a curious lack of energy (though Powell wraps up with an outstanding bop solo).  Mingus' solo, though initially barely audible, picks up for some of his most creative work on the album.<br />The famous Gillespie/Paparelli tune &quot;A Night in Tunisia&quot; (7:33) opens with a beautiful muted trumpet against an insistent, economical bass line.  Excellent balance among the players, whether playing together, or trading solo adventures. I'm a huge Mingus fan, but, for some reason, he adheres fairly closely to a walking bass (although the range of notes is awesome); a more angular approach might have lent more interest.  The group brings the song to an exciting conclusion.<br />I recommend this in the same way I might recommend watching an NBA all-star game.  The players have not had enough time to play as a team, although individual performances can be awesome.  At times, though, there is inspiring, flowing team work.  By the way, for such an auspicious occasion, it is surprising that there are no liner notes.  Brian Priestley's &quot;Mingus, A Critical Biography&quot; (available at ...) devotes two pages to the concert.  Obviously, there are some flaws here, but I still recommend it highly.album.<br />The famous Gillespie/Paparelli tune &quot;A Night in Tunisia&quot; (7:33) opens with a beautiful muted trumpet against an insistent, economical bass line.  Excellent balance among the players, whether playing together, or trading solo adventures. I'm a huge Mingus fan, but, for some reason, he adheres fairly closely to a walking bass (although the range of notes is awesome); a more angular approach might have lent more interest.  The group brings the song to an exciting conclusion.<br />I recommend this in the same way I might recommend watching an NBA all-star game.  The players have not had enough time to play as a team, although individual performances can be awesome.  At times, though, there is inspiring, flowing team work.  By the way, for such an auspicious occasion, it is surprising that there are no liner notes.  Brian Priestley's &quot;Mingus, A Critical Biography&quot; (available at ...) devotes two pages to the concert.  Obviously, there are some flaws here, but I still recommend it highly.
B00005LMBK|1.0|wow this was the worst ... that i have ever spent in my life. don't waste your time and money for this piece of 100 percent .... i bought it because i liked the song clint eastwood, but all the other songs sound nothing like it and are sooo boring. it's good for a 2 year old when it's nap time but if you want good music its anything but.  main point... don't buy this!
B00000GJ2B|5.0|Robert De Niro stars in this extremely compelling look at the 1940's greatest boxer, and middle weight champion Jake La Motta.  A man that had a bigger enemy outside the ring than in it, which was of course, himself.  De Niro puts on an amazing performance, (not sparing the bad language, but it adds flavor)giving you an extremely effective look at life in the U.S in the Bronx during the 1940's and 50's.  The film also goes over some of La Motta's most famous fights with Sugar Ray Robinson, his arch-rival in the ring.  All in all, an amazing film, that won two academy awards, see it.
B00003CXN4|5.0|I've read and tried to understand most of the reviews posted on &quot;Amazon.com&quot; for 'Traffic', and have a hard time understanding how and why so many people did not understand or feel for this movie. <br />'Traffic' is not a short easy ploted story. It is a documentary of some sort told through the circumstances of several different characters. This may cause problems for some people, if they do not expect the story line to jump back and forth throughout the movie - but once you see were the movie is going, you'll hopefully enjoy the way the film is edited into stories jumping back and forth.<br />'Traffic&quot; explores the surroundings of drug users all over the world. There is not one thing in Traffic that has not happened. It has to do with: families, police, governments and everyday teenagers like myself. <br />An excellent cast, great screenplay and extroidinary directorial by STEVEN SODERBERGH, Traffic is Definetely One of the greatest Achievements in Film Making History.<br />CAST: Michael Douglas, Don Cheadle, Dennis Quaid, Benicio Del   Toro, Catherine Zeta Jones SCREENPLAY BY: Stephen Ghaghan DIRECTED BY: Steven Soderbergh<br />DVD FEATURES: -trailors and tv spots, - inside traffic (documentary), photo gallery. (widescreen, subtitles)<br />Distributed by USA ENTERTAINMENT (c)2001<br />Rated: R (US)       14 (Can) for perversive drug content, strong language, violence and some sexulaity.
0780625129|5.0|YOU HAVE TO GO OUT AND RENT AND WATCH THIS MOVIE NOW! i loved it and, i dont really like drama movies, but this movie taught you everything from racism to prejusdice. When i rented it about 3 months ago, i couldnt stop watching it. because everytime you see it, it teaches you something new about life, and how your younger brothers and sisters look or looked up to you and how you changed there lives from what YOU did and taught them to do. This movie has a very surprising and tragic ending that could move anybody to tears. my mom told me not watch the rest of it cuz i LOVE i mean L-O-V-E edward furlong (hes a very talented actor and not to mention HOTT!..hehe) and yea..edward norton is a very good actor also faruiza boulk is too. PLEASE LISTEN TO ME! GO OUT AND RENT OR BUY IT! I bought it a week after i saw it because it was so beautiful!
0441008356|3.0|Alastair Reynolds' first novel, Revelation Space, is set a few centuries in the future, featuring augmented humans, slower-than-light travel between nearby suns, mysterious long-vanished aliens, amazingly powerful weapons, and more: a familiar set of SF tropes, but still treated in a interesting and reasonably rigorous fashion, with a number of nice new twists on the familiar ideas.<br />Three threads converge: on the planet Resurgam (of the sun Delta Pavonis), Dan Sylveste is studying the relics of the long vanished natives called the Amarantin, while resisting moves to terraform.  On Sylveste's former home planet, Yellowstone, Ana Khouri is a professional assassin, recruited by the mysterious woman called the Mademoiselle, for a rather different assassination.  At the same time (accounting for STL travel time) Ilia Volyova is approaching Yellowstone, looking for help for her ship's Captain, who has succumbed to the &quot;melding plague&quot;, which seems to cause him to be combined with nearby machines, such as the ship, and also looking for a new gunnery expert, after the previous one succumbed to insanity upon being invaded by an intelligence called &quot;Sun-Stealer&quot;.<br />Before long Ana Khouri is the new gunnery recruit -- by accident the spaceship and the Mademoiselle share the same goal -- Dan Sylveste. The spaceship needs his surgical skills (or more precisely, those of his father Calvin, who &quot;lives&quot; on as a computer simulation which Dan can host), while the Mademoiselle, for mysterious reasons which we slowly guess, wants to kill him.  All the threads converge at a neutron star companion of Delta Pavonis, or more properly, at the very strange planet orbiting the neutron star.<br />Among the neat ideas introduced are the odd aliens called the Pattern Jugglers, and more odd aliens called the Shrouders; as  well as a scary explanation for Fermi's Paradox, as well as the secret of the Amarantin, and of Dan's past.  All these are well-handled, and resolved rather fairly and interestingly.  <br />On the other hand, the characters almost completely fail to come to life.  For instance, some way through the book we are told that Dan Sylveste and another important character are in love and are to be married.  My first reaction was &quot;What?&quot; -- and even after their marriage and several tender scenes, I was simply not convinced.  Too, the narrative voices of the three POV characters tended to merge.  Another problem is pacing -- the book is far too long.  It would have been better if it started about halfway through, with maybe a flashback or two.  <br />Still, though it's not a perfect book by any means, it's a worthwhile debut, and there is no doubt that Reynolds' SFnal imagination is as good as anyone's.  He's a writer to watch.
B00005AACC|1.0|With all the advertising hoopla that preceded this film, who would have expected it to be such a huge disappointment?  If you have watched the trailer of this film, then you have seen all that is worth seeing in the full film.  Woo does not seem to have come out of the 'Face/off' mode, with the slow motion shots and the pigeons flying reminding the viewers of the classier, more enjoyable 'Face/off'.  Cruise does not seem to have learnt anything from the first part fiasco as this film slips from mediocrity to outright ennui.  The first scene and the last scene are tolerable, but if you fell asleep during the middle part, you were not alone!
B00003CY5K|5.0|You will laugh. The nice part about this movie is that the funniest parts are actually in it instead of in the previews like so many other &quot;comedies&quot;. I highly recommend this movie to anybody-especially if you don't want to think too hard or too long, just sit back and enjoy the ride.
6304618344|5.0|What a marvellous performance by Travolta!  From being the good, moral Sean Archer to being the evil, villanous Castor Troy, no one could have done a better job than Travolta.  Nicolas Cage is not bad, but he pales in comparion with the Travolta magic.  John Woo's direction deserves to be praised, the action scenes are mind-blowing and the film oozes class, in spite of an incredulous storyline.  Needless to say, one of the best action films ever.
B00003CY5H|4.0|With Robert Deniro, Edward Norton, and Marlon Brando's names in the cast how can you not want to see this movie? .... From start to finish this movie delivered in my opinion. Everyone involved worked very well on screen and it makes this one of the best heist type movies out there. There is enough action and suspence to please even the average movie goer. There are enough plot twists to keep you wondering. I reccomend this to everyone who enjoys old fashioned crime movies. I can honestly say I've enjoyed watching The Score, everything about it was good The Script, The acting, and just the over all atmosphere. .... ...The Score proves that you don't have to have huge scary monsters or overdone special effects to make a good movie.
B00004U8PA|5.0|when you first see this movie you think that some sicko wrote it. but after you see it a couple times it grows on you and you see the some the weird stuff is actually really funny such as, janet asking frank n furter what has he done with brad he says &quot;nothing why do you think i should?&quot; and there are lots of other cool stuff too. plus the songs are addictive and you can't get them out of your head. i think everyone should see this movie all star cast, cool songs overall the greatest musical movie
B000002UUX|5.0|Megadeth created a classic when they released &quot;Rust in Peace&quot;, and even 11 years later, it still sounds great.  As a guitarist I tried playing some of the songs, and they are by far the hardest songs to play and Dave and crew make it sound easy.  Megadeth took thrash to a new level with &quot;Rust in Peace&quot;, but they surpassed it with their next album, &quot;Countdown to Extinction&quot;.
B00003CY5K|4.0|Although the myth of the &quot;dumb blonde&quot; will live on after this movie, it was nice to see a film that celebrates human achievement over preconceived notions. The movie is upbeat, encouraging, and lots and lots of fun.
B000002V0Q|5.0|&quot;Countdown to Extinction&quot; is indeed Megadeth's best album ever.  Dave Mustaine really matured as a songwriter, and though the thrash sound has been reduced, the album is still undeniably heavy.  The album is almost 10 years old and I still listen to it. &quot;Countdown to Extinction&quot; is by far one of the greatest hard rock/metal albums ever, and Megadeth has never been able to outdo themselves with this.
B00005BL2A|5.0|I agree with a lot of other reviews I've read, in that upon first listen, Exciter didn't floor me.  As I continue to listen, I discover the album's character and beauty.  It is becoming this distinct and unique creature in my mind just like the other albums have done.  Any DM fan should purchase and will not be disappointed.  You've gotta love these guys!
6300181456|2.0|I did not think too highly of Thoroughly Modern Millie. The acting fell flat (especially the overstatement of Carol Channing) and it was mostly plotless. Plus it was blatantly racist. &quot;If Mrs. Meers is with the Chinese, she's into something really big...&quot; Two stars because the idiocy of the movie was funny in spots, and it is good only if there is no other alternative.
B00001QEE7|5.0|The Little Mermaid was Disney's saviour after a series of unsuccessful films like the Black Cauldron and Oliver. Thank god for Howard Ashman and Alan Menken bringing a style of animation to a new time high with the likes of Beauty and the Beast and Aladdin. <br />The tale is of Ariel, the mermaid who longs to be a human. The Little Mermaid is a wonderful tale surrounded by fabulous characters like the sea witch Ursula, the loyal servant Sebastian and the trusting friend, Flounder, and encaptulated in marvalous songs like &quot;Under the Sea&quot; and &quot;Kiss the Girl.&quot;<br />From the opening scenes of dolphins playing with a sailing ship to the colourful delights of &quot;Under the Sea,&quot; The Little Mermaid is a must for any collection.  <br />Of particular note to Australian customers, the original closing credits score on the R4 version has been replaced by trashy up beat versions of some of the more successful songs from the movie. As far as I am aware, the R1 has not suffered from the same knife and retains Menken's Academy Award winning score.
B00003CXRP|3.0|While there is no denying that Tom Hanks is a fine, fine actor and that this movie, on some level, was moving and significant it left me with no feeling.  I walked away from the film feeling neither upset, excited, content, nor with any closure.  It failed to evoke any inner turmoil in me - and truly, isn't that what a successful piece of film should do?  Any successful piece of art?<br />The graphics were magnificent, and the plot could have gone somewhere, but it seemed to die somewhere on the island.  Tom Hanks returns home and... he can immediatly drive again?  Feels totally comfortable around people?  No anxiety issues about returning to work?  Realistically, I think that the writers and directors skipped what could have been the more emotionally defining portion of the film.<br />Almost all three stars are for Mr. Hanks' wonderful performance.
B00004YKUX|4.0|No artist has survived the ravages of age and the perils of the recording industry as well as our Mr Cash. From his heyday as a hard living, hard playing country reformer to a cult figure in the present day, Cash has maintained his ability to innovate and surprise. This trend is continued with Solitary Man, the third release in the American series. From the outset Cash stamps his authority all over &quot;I wont back down&quot;, a song which in its plainspoken defiance perhaps reflects his own career.&quot;Solitary Man&quot; becomes a tragic denouncement of love whilst &quot;One&quot; is an almost religious experience. When Cash moans the line &quot;Did I ask too much, more than a lot&quot; it's of the most heartfelt questions ever asked. Nick Caves &quot;The Mercy Seat&quot; had to be sung by Cash &quot; I hear stories from the chamber Christ was born into a manger and like some ragged stranger he died upon the cross&quot;.(I can almost see the inmates at Folsom Prison in a frenzy). The duet with Sheryl Crow on &quot;Fields of Diamonds&quot; adds a special touch whilst the collaboration on &quot;I'm Leavin Now&quot; with Merle Haggard is special if only to hear these two legends together. The highlight however is &quot; I see a Darkness&quot; in which Cash teams with the songs author Will Oldham to create a confession of despair and fear which somehow ends up being one of the most uplifting songs of recent memory. With Cash's health decreasing quite severely, it is a tribute to the man's determination and strength that he is still producing albums of such quality. Albums that continue to cement his status as a legend in music and in life.
B00005B36H|5.0|This album, in my opinion, is the best rock album I have ever heard. I just fell in love with every single song on there. If you like mind confusing, frightening, poetic, alienated sounds and lyrics, this is definitely the album for you. This is an album that has power and unbelievable defining sound to the human ear, without actually having to throw swear words in there to make it sound more progressive and interesting. Who ever says this album is not rock or metal, and has too confusing lyrics and ordinary guitar and sound, then they really don't know what music is. This is the album of the decade and perhaps maybe the century.
0060955775|3.0|Besides my noggin' being a little sore from being hit over the head so many times with the &quot;Life is beautiful&quot; theme of this richly drawn fable, I don't have any complaints about this book. Coelho paints a convincing story of Veronika as a disaffected young woman to whom life is a hopeless grind. Her attemted suicide gives the author an additional opportunity to comment on the definition of mental health and the appropriateness of how the &quot;insane&quot; are treated. Along the way, we're introduced to a variety of patients (and a curious doctor) who help us learn, over and over again, that our time here is precious and not to be squandered hiding from reality or standing on the sidelines. Like other good fables, the Coelho's writing here is magical and clear. Likewise, it's translation to English doesn't seem to affect its lyrical tone at all. I wasn't surprised by too much that happened in the book, but I don't feel that I was supposed to be. It's an age old tale with a timeless moral. I wouldn't go so far as to define this book as a wake-up call, but it's a nice refresher on the beauty of life with some interesting social thought regarding treatment of the mentally ill worked in as a bonus.
B00003CX5P|3.0|I've had no desire to watch this episode with the frequency as the beloved originals.  It doesn't ring with the boldness and tangible excitement the classic trilogy flaunted.  The first quarter of the film is almost painful, as viewers witness Lucas getting his directorial chops back.  The Trade Federation are my biggest gripe, they are painfully benign villians that are shadows of their imperial descendants.  There is little to no character development, the Jedi's seem vaguely interesting, but no effort is made to endear them to us.  Naboo is a generic, courtly world. I wince when reminded of the flatuating beasts. But, in spite of itself, the film begins to breathe with the pod race, which captures the rebel spirit of the first films.  Lucas then tantilizes with the enigmatic Darth Maul, truly the only evil presence in the film.  The lightsaber duel that concludes the film is poetic violence.  Finally, the mysterious clues provided by Mace Windu and Yoda point to a much darker, more engaging second film.  Perhaps then the Star Wars pedigree can be restored to its previous distinction.
B000059XYK|4.0|This film is very entertaining and will keep you on the edge of your seats til the very end. Car chases are the general source of action here, and they're done very well. The plot lies around a reformed car stealer (Nicholas Cage) helping his brother do a massive car heist. I won't go on as I'll ruin the plot.<br />But where this film falls is the cheesy cliched happy ending. Again, I don't want to ruin it, but it is so out of sync with the rest of the film and ruins what could be one of the best action films out there. 5 stars for the rest, no stars for the ending. You've been warned.
0894803123|4.0|All of the recipes in this book are for uncooked ice cream which includes raw eggs. There are not that many recipes but it is a nice start and they tell you their story of how they got started in the ice cream business. It's a good book for someone who has just bought an ice cream maker.
B000050IMG|2.0|Although I could praise this film for ruthlessly taking the Mick out of every unrealistic cliche that was ever in a horror film, this watches like something a bunch of students could have made. Just as the films this is spoofing are cliched, the jokes made about them are equally cliched. Take the Naked Gun and Airplane films - the way they spoof films is that the jokes are somewhat original but more importantly, they are subtle. Remeber the scene in airplane where the pilots are talking while somebody washes the window in the background as if its a car? That uses a sense of subtlty and thought. This on the other hand relies on being stupid and blunt. Can anyone claim to find &quot;Whoops, I farted! I hoped you wouldn't notice!&quot; funny? No? Good. You now have a claim to a good sense of humour.<br />The overall film is a collection of scenes based on and taking the Mick out of horror films (mainly Scream and I Know What You Did Last Summer, although The Matrix, 6th Sense, Blair Witch Project and a few others are used). Airplane on the other hand is relative ordinary and almost serious plot, with films being spoofed taking place around it. In some ways, you don't need to see the films to get the jokes but with Scary Movie you won't get the jokes unless you've seen the films - and even then they're not very funny. This is just not subtle whatsoever. I could have written the script, and I can't tell a joke to save my life. It lacks wit, originality, style and subtlety - everything that makes a good comedy.<br />So basically, good idea but badly done.
B000056VIY|2.0|With great female latin vocalists like Omara Porteondo, Susana Baca, Cesaria Evora, Marisa Monte etc. etc. readily available you have to wonder why people bother with this junk.
1572523166|5.0|I am unfamiliar with the story the movie is based on, and I am also unfamiliar with the director, but in terms of cinema this movie is a masterpiece. The script, the pacing, the cinematography, are all perfect and utterly original. The fact that this film constantly kept me guessing and wondering only to give you the obvious answer in the end is only part of what makes it great. The social commentary and how it was presented was particularly artful. Yeah, It wasn't edited MTV quickcuts style, nor was it meant to be and Yeah, it does make you think once in awhile. If these things bother you, you shouldn't bother watching it, but if you enjoy cinema as an artistic medium, you'll love this film.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|Close the studios. Sell the cinemas. After this breathtaking cinematic experience, what's the point in making any other film. Simply the best film I have ever seen.
6303314015|5.0|I have seen Beauty and the Beast and Aladdin. I thought you couldn't get any better than them. Then comes along in 1994, The Lion King, absolutely the best animated film I have ever seen! From the powerful musical opening, to the heart felt ending, I was into it the whole movie. The Lion King soundtrack is probably the best soundtrack I have ever heard. It is also one of the more intense films produced by Disney. Scar is a character that is hard not to like. He is so evil and exciting. I am not saying that I like evil characters. He is a very exciting character in the movie. The Lion King can be a very emotional movie also, especially when Simba's father is up in the sky, with his deep powerful voice talking to Simba. I have never liked a Disney animated film nearly as much as this. Perhaps since it is the most intense and exciting animated movie I have ever seen. Now if they could just get that DVD released. I am hoping and thinking that they will start releasing movies like Aladdin, Beauty and the Beast, and The Lion King starting fall of 2001.
B000059XVS|5.0|This is truly one of the best examples of a film masterpiece around. It leads you into the vastness of the desert, and it is glorious. Peter O' Toole is 100% Lawrence in his film debut as the fabled T.E. Lawrence. Omar Shariff, and the rest of the all star all great cast back-up Toole superbly. Praise the AFI for having this film on their list!
0380817683|5.0|I picked up this book to read only knowing that is was supposed to be similar to Bridget Jones's Diary.  As I read it, I realized that the two books really didn't have much in common, but this book was amazing in its own right.<br />Rachel's &quot;holiday&quot; is actually a 2-month stay in drug rehab.  I really liked the way we only saw her life through Rachel's eyes, until slowly she came to the realization that she did have a problem.  Drug addiction is something that so many people can relate to...whether you've been through it yourself or know someone who has.  Keyes tackles this issue with wit and sympathy.  I felt so sorry for Rachel during her denial and so happy as she began to see herself the way her loved ones did.<br />Despite its heavy subject, this book is still a light summer beach read.  Almost every page contains a laughable scene, and there is an element of romance woven throughout the story.  I highly recommend this book, and Keyes's companion piece &quot;Watermelon&quot;, whose main subject is Rachel's sister Clare.
B00004VVNC|5.0|The book is great, the movie is better. It explores the psychology of men in such a way that rivals even &quot;The Godfather&quot; (though the film itself does not). Brad Pitt is a mighty actor, and he completely melts into his part as Tristan. Wow!
B00000JCB2|3.0|I have to agree with the people that say they use the same guitar riff. But still, I liked most of the songs on the cd. They made a statement,I think anyways. I would recommend it. However, it does get a little annoying at times, because a lot of the songs sound the same, which was a little dissapointing. All the same, I think it's a good cd.
B00003CYLT|4.0|This was an enjoyable film, but I walked away a bit diasppointed at how few of the stunts that Cirque du Soleil is famous for were in it.  I think I would have enjoyed it more if I had never seen Cirque live because I don't think anything could compare to being there.  It was beautifully filmed and gives a good preview of some of the things you might see in a live Cirque show.  Making it 3-D and adding the IMAX effects make it unlike anything else I have ever seen.<br />I would recommend it enthusiastically for someone who has never seen Cirque live.  If you have seen them live, by all means see it anyway, but be prepared for it to be nothing like a live show. Compared to the price of a ticket to a live show, Journey of Man was a bargain and I didn't feel like I wasted a penny.
B00005ATQI|2.0|Without Stanley Kubrick's name on this picture, it would have disappeared years ago, never to be heard from again, except when some movie critic wanted to point out that not even Jack Nicholson can make horrible dialogue work.  (Heeere's Johnny -- A reminder to myself, should I wake up and find myself a director and  make a horror movie, to include some cheesy line, like &quot;Where's the beef&quot; so I'll forever get credit as a great director.)<br />I got the movie on DVD, though I'd seen it years ago as a kid, and I start watching the movie, and I find myself laughing my butt off right from the start.  Okay, we have some great fly-by opening sequence shots of the Rocky mountains, and then there's this shot with the shadow of the helicopter plainly visible on the ground below.  No one, not even Kubrick, notices this shadow?  Or took the effort to EDIT out the shadow, which would have been oh-so difficult, like snip-snip, it's gone.  Then we get to the hotel, and the whole top half of the screen is a whirl of helicopter blades.  It's so amateur it's almost satire. And the opening credits, what's with them?  Did they run over budget and have to con some freshman film major to produce these gawd-awful credits?<br />Okay, I'm still keeping an open mind.  This is a great thriller from a great director, with a great lead actor, and so what if Stephen King thought so little of this movie (despite the incredibly long list of bad movies based on his novels, novellas, short stories, and other brain-farts) that he made it a point to have this movie remade for TV (of all things--and I can't say I saw it, so can't compare the two.)  Then the movie &quot;starts,&quot; we're past the opening credits, and we see Jack interviewing for the job as caretaker of this old, creepy hotel.  Now any real director knows that the opening scene(s) set the tone for the entire movie, and however much those opening scenes are strictly plot, those opening scenes are the most important of the whole movie to some extent and any director who knows about &quot;story&quot; isn't going to sleepwalk through those opening scenes, but is going to take extra care to make sure they are perfect.  Not Stan, who can't blame Mr. King, as he is in charge of the movie, and is one of the scriptwriters to boot.  That opening scene plays out like a bunch of high school actors nervously auditioning for a part, not quite sure how they're supposed to be acting, and not sure if they just can't act or the lines are just so stilted that they can't be spoken aloud without fidgeting from embarrassment.  <br />There it goes from there, a camera rolling off in the distance, director asleep in his chair, dreaming of how he's such a genius, actors doing whatever they feel like, which in the case of Shelly Duvall means squeaking out her lines like some pathetic whiner, as they rip off The Exorcist and The Omen (kid speaking demonically, kid speeding through corridors on a big wheel tricycle, respectively,) nobody ever asking themselves, are we making a movie with a point?!  <br />Oh, but the kid talks with his finger!  I can't forget that.  It's so classic and scary and avant-garde.  [Please note, that that is sarcasm.]    I could go on, but it pains me.  This is a class-A B-movie, with all the trimmings.  I think I'll go watch Plan Nine from Outer Space now.
B00004WG28|4.0|Although the romantic star power of this version of the film has it merits, the original is so much better.  I am not a big &quot;old movie&quot; buff and generally tend to like modern movies better than the classics, but this is one exception.  The older version lacks the extreme sexual chemistry that was found between Chow Yun Fat (who oozes sensuality) and Jodie Foster, but there are so many more details and interactions that show the relationship and draw you into it.  You grow with the relationship in a slow natural way as opposed to the new version which seems to start the &quot;relationship&quot; from day one.  Anna's influential roll in the politics of Siam and the day to day life of the women and children is much more evident in the older version.  Anyway, see them both, but definately see the older version.  You will appreciate the story even more.
0792151712|2.0|The movie is just so ordinary when I watched it again on the video some time after I watched it in the cinema. The romance is so affected and vain. I wonder what would happen if its title were not Titanic. It's such a tragedy to our humanity that a secondary school romance like that could win so many coarse people's tears and money.
B00000ILOY|5.0|Originally released on one CD (maxed out to the CD minute), this fantastic, seemlessly recorded 'live' CD is one of the finest live recordings to date.  All the hits are showcased here, even if some are painfully short; (i.e., &quot;Nights On Broadway&quot;, &quot;Heartbreaker&quot;).  The second CD contains six tracks that are just as good as any on this set, but were painfully deleted to avoid an expensive 2-CD set.  However, even though these six songs are placed out of order, sound engineer John Merchant dubbed and overlayered the audience applause so well, yo would never know.  Wonderful!
B000002JS0|5.0|hey just take this album out to your car and put it in    your cd plaer you will be amazed at how good it sounds
B000001FND|4.0|This being the Bee Gees 2nd album, they distanced themselves a bit from the previous heavy orchestration and established themselves more of a rock/pop band.  Featuring the #1 UK hit &quot;Massachusetts&quot; and the loud, rocking &quot;World&quot; (UK only), this set contains everything from  plaintive sad ballads to rock and roll standards.  Robin's &quot;And The Sun Will Shine&quot; is a classic tear-jerker and reputably, recorded on the first take.  &quot;Lemons Never Forget&quot;, &quot;The Earnest Of Being George&quot; and &quot;The Change Is Made&quot; are fine examples of late sixties rock and roll.  The Beatles influenced is heard on &quot;Birdie Told Me&quot;, a bouncy McCartney-esque tune and &quot;Day Time Girl&quot; also falls into this category.  &quot;Really And Sincerely&quot; is a tad too melancholy and &quot;Harry Braff&quot; is simply annoying.  However, the album succeeds in the end and finishes with &quot;Horizontal&quot;, a brilliantly simple song with the piano chords reading - literally - horizontally.
0671024256|5.0|I've not been a consumer of King's novels..they usually appear as movies so quickly that I just settled for that (and those movies are excellent - The Green Mile, Shawshank Redemption, Misery, etc).  It was the opportunity of discovering clues to the art of successful writing by one of the most popular writers in America that drew me to this book.  I think I will be reading Stephen King novels from now on!<br />This man has an uncanny way of drawing you into a story, whether that story be bizarre fiction, or a memoir on how he became as well read and published as he has become.  The opening section of the book seemed at first a little self-serving....details of his childhoood attempts to write, his growing into the career, the influences of his Important Reader (his wife) and his break into stardom.  Once this memoir is passed (and it reads so quickly because of his style) it is very clear why he has started this book on Help for Incipient Writers in this way.  All of his &quot;teaching&quot; is so grounded in reality, common sense terms, usuable information. His tutorials in the &quot;dos and don'ts&quot; of writing make such good sense and immediately start to repair previous mindsets and writer's blocks in writers of every degree of experience.  This is pure, no nonsense, practical-as-the-state-of-Maine information that is so digestible and useful: you bond with this man in such a positive way that finishing the book stirs the need to go back and re-read it for a refresher course. I wondered why he chose to end the book by going back to memoirs.  But in that last short chapter he reveals again why he is a writer, why he loves the act of writing, how he overcomes obstacles to continue his craft, and how agian he is able to motivate his reader/student into commiting to the craft of writing.<br />This is a fine read, a practical help to everyone who wants to write better, and an homage to the art of writing.  Feels like I just had a private weekend with Stephen King, in his corner, taking in his interesting life and his intuitive techniques on writing. What a fortunate use of my time!ng, in his corner, taking in his interesting life and his intuitive techniques on writing. What a fortunate use of my time!
B000053VAF|5.0|I loved this movie.  But instead of another glowing review, here are a couple neat hidden goodies on this Special Edition DVD.  Enjoy!<br />Disc 1:<br />Select Scene Selections.<br />Hit More until you're at the last page.<br />Hit the number '3' twice on your remote control.  Sit back and watch 'How Jay Thinks Kevin Directs' as acted out by the Jay and Silent Bob action figure theatre.<br />Disc 2:<br />Select Deleted Scenes. Hit More until you're at the the last page.<br />Hit the number 2 and then 4 on your remore control. See 'How Kevin thinks Jay acts' as acted out by the Jay and Silent Bob action figure theatre.<br />NOTE: You may have to hit 'ENTER' after each number on some DVD players. ...
B00005BJ2O|5.0|If you enjoyed the Moulin Rouge movie, then you will definately enjoy the soundtrack. Some of the major movie moments are caught on track,  of course not _all_ are included, but this only leads me to believe at some point there will be another &quot;music from the moulin rouge&quot; CD with some of the other music used in the movie. Bottom line, did you like Moulin Rouge? If so, you have to have this CD. Truth~Beauty~Freedom~Love forever!
B00003CXP1|5.0|Most of the reviews here have focused on this film's being about a harrowing descent of 4 different, related characters into the nightmare world of drug addiction.  It can be read on that level.  I believe there is also another interpretation.  These characters' lives were empty, hopeless, rootless and without any dreams or goals before they took the first drug. They took the drugs to get out of that state.  But because hopes, dreams and goals must come from inside oneself, not outside, the drugs don't work.  Since they have nothing else in their lives though, they do nothing to break the addiction.  I see this as a movie that mourns characters who have no dreams and hence the title, \\"Requiem For A Dream.\\"<br /><br />Much has been made of Ellen Burstyn's performance in this film and it is truly formidable. I was not surprised by this, however, since I have been a fan of hers since the '70s and have watched her in knock em dead performances decade after decade.  \\"Resurrection,\\" one of her very best films, I've seen countless times. There is another huge talent on this film, equal to Burstyn's, and that is  writer-director Darren Aronofsky.  He adapted the novel for the screen along with its novelist, Hubert Selby.  This is film making talent of the highest order.  Aronofsky puts you into the shoes of the characters, moment by moment, and you are in hell with them instead of being just a passive, voyeuristic bystander.  It is an incredible accomplishment. Jared Leto, Marlon Wayans, and Jennifer Connelly are also able to display their acting chops, as the other 3 addicts, and they each have a lot more talent than I previously imagined.<br /><br />Visit my blog with link given on my profile page here or use this phonetically given URL (livingasseniors dot blogspot dot com). Friday's entry will always be weekend entertainment recs from my 5 star Amazon reviews in film, tv, books and music. These are very heavy on buried treasures and hidden gems. My blogspot is published on Monday, Wednesday & Friday.dnesday & Friday.
B00000K19E|5.0|I bought this DVD and planned on playing it on my Mac G3 (blue and white) and was unable to play the DVD on my machine. I have not heard whether it is a hardware/software issue so, just a word of warning. Buy this DVD!!! You may have problems if the same hardware I was using is your only means of veiwing it.
B00005ASOC|4.0|There is a lot I liked about this movie.  It is very thought provoking, especially in the first half, about our assumptions about a 16 year old black youth from the Bronx who is a star athlete in his public school.  We find it hard to believe that housed in his head is an intellect much more formidable than any other skill of his.  Two big changes take place in his life: being mentored by Sean Connery's character, a reclusive fiction writer, and switching schools to a private one that is better able to handle all of his gifts.  Where it starts getting predictible is with F. Murray Abraham playing the boy's teacher.  Incredibly, Abraham is typecast here as Saleri again (from \\"Amadeus\\") where he is consumed with envy over the boy's gifts, just like he was over Mozart's in that earlier film. Director Gus Van Sant almost ruined the movie for me with this character and the subplot that character brings into the film. Anna Paquin does a nice job as the student the boy comes to know at the private school.  They also have an attraction building. It's a good evening's entertainment and I would recommend viewing it on that basis.<br /><br />Visit my blog with link given on my profile page here or use this phonetically given URL (livingasseniors dot blogspot dot com). Friday's entry will always be weekend entertainment recs from my 5 star Amazon reviews in film, tv, books and music. These are very heavy on buried treasures and hidden gems. My blogspot is published on Monday, Wednesday & Friday.
0312954468|5.0|This is a beautiful book that sweeps you into the ancient land of Eygpt. Smith brings the characters to life in a plot that will keep you reading late ino the night to see the outcome. River God has everything, romance and action blended together to create an entertaining read. A must read for anyone who is interested in this fascinating civilization. If you liked this book read the Seventh Scroll, also by Wilbur Smith.
0060930187|5.0|From the moment I picked up this book and started to read it I could not put it down.  I was not very well informed about Sylvia Plath, the poet, when I began reading this autobiographical, but as I dove deeper into her world of reoccuring madness I could understand what she was going through as a gifted young writer.  Even if you are not a lover of poetry you will still enjoy this well written piece of literature.
B00003CXAR|4.0|OK, I find Richard Dreyfuss (in the years of Jaws, the Competition, Close Encounters etc) to be incredibly sexy, but nevertheless, that doesn't bias my review.<br />Jaws was the first movie my mom took me to see in a theatre, at age 3. It scarred me for life! I have always hated the ocean and been terrified of boats ever since then. I am terrified of large waves and salt water. I blame this all on seeing Jaws at such a young age. It's a super movie, mind you, and I can easily sit through it (and often do), but I can't bear to go to the ocean.<br />I asked my mom why she didn't take me to see Sweeney Todd when I was also 3 - but she said I was too young. I'd rather she took me there - that way I would at least be scared of eating meat and loud operatic theatre - a much healthier phobia, I'm sure.
B00005ASOI|5.0|I had obtained a bootleg copy of this movie way back when (dont ask!!)and it was even better than when i first saw it. People today just dont get it. These days attion spans are short which means low IQ levels!! What im getting at this movie holds up better than the mindless, unnessary cgi and boring horror of today. Even though the effects are a bit dated a little, they can still make your girlfriend squrim!! Unlike the really fake stuff out there now. Yes the story is a little silly (and i mean a little bit!!!) and the acting so-so. But its a horror movie!! From over seas!! Just sit back, relax and enjoy a shining star of this genre. Now its finally comming to DVD. I cant wait!!!!!!!!!!!
0790736233|5.0|Contact is extraordinary. Yes, it has cliches, yes, some plot elements are predictable, but the story is mesmerizing. Special effects are used only to enhance the story line. Yes, the folks at observatories really do things like fish in wading pools. Extraterrestrials are neither demonied nor deified, and it is a deeply spiritual movie. Those who have read the novel will not be disappointed - despite many plot and character changes, it is the same story. I especially recommend it for those who think they don't like science fiction.
B00003CXB6|4.0|This movie could've been so good if they had left out the T-Rex in the city at the end. For that reason, I gave it 4 stars. Special features include: &quot;The Making Of The Lost World&quot;, Deleted Scenes, Storyboards, Production photographs, Design Sketches, Conceptual Paintings, Theatrical Trailors for &quot;Jurassic Park&quot;, &quot;The Lost World&quot;, and Jurassic Park 3&quot;, Dinosaur Encyclopedia, Production Notes, Cast and Filmakers, direct hotlink to the Set of Jurassic Park 3, and DVD-Rom features. One group is sent to site B, where the dinosaurs were originally creted and still live, to keep people out, the other, to take dinosaurs away and put them in a zoo. Who will win?
B000002UAO|3.0|I wrote a review of this album in May. Because I don't think this is album great and I realize that the Beatles are highly overrated (...)There are great tracks on Rubber Soul but let's face the facts. They didn't have the vocal talent of Elvis, the ability to write lyrics like Dylan or could rock like the Stones. Outside of McCartney's talent at writing great melodic hooks the rest is very ordinary. Instead spring for a copy of Highway 61 Revisited, From Elvis in Memphis or Exile on Main Street you'll be very satisfied.
B00003CXAT|5.0|When I originally bought this movie on video, I bought it in widescreen so I have something to compare the picture to. It's perfect. This is one of my favorite films so I was overly excited about its DVD release. Special features include: &quot;The Making Of Jurassic Park&quot;, Theatrical trailors for &quot;Jurassic Park&quot;, &quot;The Lost World&quot;, and &quot;Jurassic Park 3&quot;, Dinosaur Encyclopedia, Production Notes, Cast &amp; Filmmakers, a Direct Hotlink to the Set of &quot;Jurassic Park 3&quot;, and for DVD-Rom, a screensaver and access to Live Web Events! Palientologists Alan Grant and his lover are invited to an island inhabited by dinosaurs fenced in cages. But when the dinosaurs escape, all they want is to survive. This film has great special effects and excellent storytelling and acting. Spielberg is a genius!
B000001E7L|5.0|THis album is the 2nd best album from the group, after Bury the Hatchet!<br />I like &quot;Yeats Grave&quot; the best.  &quot;Empty&quot; and &quot;21&quot; are great too....love the whole album....every song....if i wanna hear one song, i land up hearing the whole album...cant stop after one song!!
B00003CXBK|5.0|I'm not very big on amime. I don't hate it, but I don't like much of it. The only anime show I watch alot is &quot;Lain&quot;. But I love this movie. It's great! And the music is fantastic! You get so caught up in the story that you no longer care wether they mixed computer animation with animation or not. I am glad it was animated because it wouldn't have looked as cool as a live action film. They couldn't have gotten the Spirit of the Forest to look so cool at the end if it wasn't animated! The story is complex and may sound cheesy, but is great when you see it acted out! Ashitaka is a prince of an almost wiped out people in midevil Japan. When he is cursed by a demon, he must leave his people in search of the spirit of the forest. He finds himself in the midst of a war between humans and animals. Because the spirit of the forest lives, all the animals think like humans and some are even considdered gods. The humans are led by Lady Eboshi, ruler of Iron Town where women power over men. The animals are led by the wolf gods, including the wolf Princess Mononoke. Mononoke is a human, but her parents left her with the wolves. Instead of eating her, they raised her. Ashitaka needs the help of the spirit of the forest. Princess Mononoke wishes to save it. Lady Eboshi is determined to kill it. This isn't a cartoon for kids, but anyone over age 12 will love it!
B00005JKG9|5.0|This is one of the most enduring all-star performances from a seasoned cast of veterans of the big screen.<br />Pacino as Roma, truly ignites the screen with the riveting dialogue amongst the other cast members.
0316777722|5.0|I bought this for a beach vacation where I wanted to relax and enjoy my day.  This book was perfect!  It was a no-brainer book that made me smile.   Since I'd never read a Sedaris book before, I didn't know what to expect.  The book was filled with many stories starting while he was a child and funny things that happens with children and their families (well maybe not most families), and then moved into his college and adult life.   I particularly enjoyed the stories he wrote about speaking French... the shopping experiences in France while trying to figure out an objects gender was too funny.   I must say this book was a pleasant surprise.
B000002UAX|5.0|I have the original LP version of this album and it is by far one of the best pieces of work that I have ever heard before in my whole life. My top favorite songs are &quot;Helter Skelter, Long, Long, Long, While My Guitar Gently Weeps, Why Don't We Do It In The Road, Yer Blues, Piggies, Revolution 9, Blackbird, Rocky Raccoon, and Happiness Is A Warm Gun.&quot; These are my top favs all in that order. The whole album is wonderful though. It is a true art form.
0393312836|5.0|Anthony Burgess uses the central character and narrator of the story, Alex, to show the differance in good and evil, and the meaning of human freedom. This book is a philosophical satire on &quot;the distortions of the single and collective minds.&quot;
B000002IGP|2.0|stryper's costumes and hot guitar licks are much cooler than ratt's. i mean, what's up with the lead singer's sissy combover. motley crue and nelson are also more talented artists. save your money on this album and purchase nelson's &quot;after the rain&quot; instead.
0553293397|4.0|This is the second novel in the Robot series and continues the adventures of Elijah Baley and Daneel Olivaw begun in The Caves of Steel.  It's written in much the same style as the first book: engaging, fast-paced, and tough to put down.<br />Baley attempts to solve a mystery on the Outer World of Solaria.  Solarians run what many would consider a Utopian society; they live on massive estates in ease and comfort with tons of robots doing all the labor and necessary menial tasks.  However, due to the extremely low human population, they never see each other and over the generations have even grown to shun physical human presence!  Business is carried out by &quot;viewing&quot; each other through a projection medium.  Asimov makes this unusual stigma quite believable and shows us several interesting facets of Solarian life.<br />I just finished reading this last night!  The plot is well developed, driven mainly by interviews and questioning.  Not as much action as in The Caves of Steel, but there is one tense moment when an attempt is made on Baley's life.  Daneel plays less of a role in this book than in the first one; Baley really does most of the work and makes the decisions.<br />The initial solution to the murder mystery isn't as shocking as in the first book.  But there's a surprising revelation at the very end!  A good read with an obvious hint at a sequel.  That's The Robots of Dawn, the next book on my list.
B00004XOWM|1.0|My Lord.  What has my life come to?  Here I sit at my computer at 11:45 on a Sunday evening with no one to talk to (everyone has to get up early for work, :bah:, I start my shift for the day at 3 in the afternoon) so I come here to bash Fred Durst, yet again.  It seems lately that my nights have been coming to that, although I go other places for my Fred Bashing.  However, tonight I am feeling rather bored, and the few shots of Jack I had earlier tonight have relaxed me enough to calm my nerves, so here it goes.  Limp Bizkit as a band has talent.  Fred Durst, as a vocalist, sounds like a 12 year old whining to his mother about how she can't afford to buy him the frosting treatment for his hair AND the neat-o visor to accompany it.  Ok, take Fred out of this band, take out the DJ and put him in some rap group (I suppose he is a good DJ) put in Sebastian Bach (of Skid Row fame) on vocals, and you have yourself a band worthy of respect.
B000001IPL|5.0|Probably the best album I've ever bought, and ever will. My favorite song on this has to be what happened to you?, which sounds eeriely like why don't you get a job on Americana (also a keeper.)If you buy one Offspring album this has to be it!
0446310786|5.0|This book was written by Truman Capote.  Harper Lee was his childhood friend and he wrote the story as a gift to her and let her publish it.     Don't you think someone that wrote this book would of gone on to write many more?  Well Truman did. Harper Lee never &quot;wrote&quot; another book.
B000002BQK|5.0|I am a huge fan of pop/r&amp;b artists.  Mariah grabbed my interest first in 1995 with Daydream and when I bought Butterfly, I was AMAZED.  It turned me into the hardcore Mariah fan I am today.  The album is filled with eye popping uptempos and ballads that will make you cry.  The songs will take you on an emotional rollercoaster and I cannot wait for Mariah's next project 'Glitter' since Mariah said 'Glitter' might even be rivalling 'Butterfly' for her best album she's ever done.
6300214400|5.0|Star Trek III is my second favorite Trek film, only behind Star Trek II.  The film is focused around Spock, but it is truly William Shatner's film as he is the main mover and heroine of the film, but how else could it be.  In Trek III, Kirk is confronted with saving Spock's Catra (or soul), Mcoy's Life, and defeating bloodthirsty Rogue Klingon's who belive that Genesis is the ultimate doomsday device that will defeat the federation. Brillant acting by Shatner, and the original cast, a tale of one man's quest to save his friend at all costs, and one hell of a Trek film.  I for one don't believe in the odd numbered Trek curse, and here is the proof...Star Trek III.
6305531374|4.0|The &quot;Halloween&quot; saga has always been a favorite of horror film fans.  It began with a ground-breaking, terrifying original, and moved onto &quot;Halloween II&quot; which continued the story on the same night as the original, making it the perfect companion piece.  While not as relentlessly terrifying as the original, it is a scary movie.<br />Then came &quot;Halloween 3&quot; which had nothing to do with the rest of the series.  It could have been an all right movie if they had left off the &quot;Halloween&quot; title.  But it raised so many fan expectations that it fell very short.  <br />&quot;Halloween 4&quot; brought Michael Myers back, and returned to the suspense of the first two films, heralding the 10-year-old original.  &quot;Halloween 5&quot; was a step down in quality, with a good first 20 minutes, and suspenseful second half to make up for the &quot;stupid teenagers and sex&quot; sub-plot.  &quot;Halloween 6&quot; was on the same level as the fifth one--entertaining in parts, but it was so choppy, you could hardly tell what was going on a lot of the time.  <br />Then it came full-circle.  20 years after the original film came &quot;Halloween: H20--Twenty Years Later&quot;, bringing everybody's favorite horror heroine, Laurie Strode--played by Jamie Lee Curtis--back to the screen.  It bypasses films 3-6, and becomes a direct sequel to the first two.  It is an excellent film, very scary and suspenseful, while not falling too much into the trappings of &quot;Scream&quot; rip-offs.  With Jamie Lee Curtis and Michael Myers going face-to-face 20 years later, it brings a successful resolution to the saga.<br />&quot;Halloween: The Homecoming&quot; is supposed to be coming out soon, and I'll probably see it, just because it too has JLC and Michael Myers.  But I have a feeling that it is going to be about as good as &quot;Halloweens 3, 5, and 6&quot;, which is not very good.  &quot;Homecoming&quot; will negate the whole effect of H20's brilliant climaxin which Michael finally meets with his death, and I think it should stay unreleased.  If you want to experience the true story of Halloween, watch &quot;Halloween&quot;, &quot;Halloween II&quot;, and &quot;Halloween H20&quot;.  This trilogy of Michael Myers and Jamie Lee Curtis is super-scary and brings the terrifying story to a satisfying resolution. <br />It begins 20 years after the first two films, and Nurse Marion from the first two finds her house broken into, with files on Laurie Strode missing, before Michael Myers kills her.  Then Michael heads out to California, where Laurie is living under a different name, with her teenage son John, and running a prep school.  But as Halloween draws closer, Laurie must finally face her demons, and goes head-to-head with her masked brother for a final showdown that has an unexpected, yet completely satisfying conclusion--bringing the story of Michael and Laurie to a close. The acting is excellent for a horror film, and it is a beautifully made film.  The music, which hints at John Carpenter's original themes, is very creepy.  The direction is quite good as well.  It is certainly the best of the &quot;Halloween&quot; sequels, follwed closely by &quot;II&quot;. <br />The DVD is an awesome widescreen version.  But there is no commentary as mentioned on the box, and no theatrical trailers.  But there is a neat documentary on the making of the film.  And the picture and sound quality is excellent.  Buy H20 now, before it's too late! You won't regret it.  Now you can see how the horror saga really ends.
6300213803|5.0|Without a doubt the best of the Star Trek films franchise.  I have watched Star Trek for over 20 years, and I have yet to find a film that captures the true essence of Trek like TWOK.  William Shatner, my favorite actor of all time, puts in his usual charismatic and Patton like performance, as well as dealing with the death of his closest friend, which emulates a feeling of empathy with Trek fans.  The battle scenes are fantastic, Montalban as Khan is a magnetic character that remains arguably the best Trek villain ever.  If you are a Trek fan, or a non-Trek fan who likes Sci Fi, or action adventure, TWOK is a must see, buy it, you will love it!
0316777722|5.0|Wow!  I bought this book after reading other people's reviews of it.  There were moments reading it where i simply could not stop laughing... It was so hysterical!  David Sedaris' sense of humor is right up my alley, and i'm sure other people feel the same way! Now my mission is to go get his other books, because if they are even close to as funny as this one, then i'm sure i'll be satisfied. :)
B00003CXSP|1.0|Granted I'm tired with the phrase the book was better.  However, in this case the movie did a grave injustice to the character Clarice.  What happened to her in the book was the best surprise ending I have read or seen in a long time and the movie made sure to change it and ruin the spirit of the novel; in order to ensure that sequels will follow.  But what else should we expect from Dino De Laurentis.  Ridley Scott was shown up in the Alien series and he dropped the ball again here too.
0393312836|5.0|I first read the book upon turning 13, and upon finishing (besides being in a state of complete and utter mental shock) I hurranged my mother to let me see the movie.  Four months later, I had my bar mitzvah, and being a man I saw this movie.  I could go on for hours about the movie, but I'll post a review of that later. Many months afterword, I reread the book, but took care not to read the last chapter.<br />What I wish to do on this review column, is gather some oppinions of the 21st chapter (just please don't give anything away).  After my first reading, I really liked the 21st chapter, and thought it added a nice optimistic twist to the story.  I had known the movie did not feature the events of the last chapter, and was eager to see how that would work.  I later learned that, although the movie was shot in Britain, Kubrick had read the American release and had not known about the last chapter, and upon reading it, said he was not too fond of it.  Kubrick, of course, was a pessimist.  But after reading the book a second time, I really understood his statement.  Although interesting, the last chapter really interupts the feel of the book, and leaves you with a feeling much different than that of the 20th chapter, that of which I prefer.<br />I would like to appoligize for the terrible writing of this review, but would appreciate anyones oppinions on the 21st chapter.
B00005ALP6|5.0|This is a wonderful movie, filled with wonderful characters, wit, humor, actors and actresses, and infinitely wonderful songs. This movie has enchanted me, making me long to see it.<br />This is the story of a \\"street rat\\" or, as Dr. Higgins(Rex Harrison) calls her, a \\"guttersnipe\\", Eliza Doolittle (Audrey Hepburn), who takes up Dr. Higgins's offer to teach her to speak. He bets he could pass her off as a dutchess at the queens ball. And so goes \\"My Fair Lady\\", with memorable songs, \\"Wouldn't it be Loverly\\", \\"Show Me\\", Why Can't a Woman be More LIke a Man\\", and many more.
B00003CXZ4|5.0|If I could control the Acadamey Awards like everybody else wishes, I would definetly put Memento in the Best Picture nominations and possibly as the winner. Why? Because this move gives the audience a big 1-2 punch by filming the movie scenes backwards. At first you'd think it looks normal but the scene before it makes it intense. Guy Pearce does his best role since L.A. Confidential. Carrie-Anne Moss is thrilling since the Matrix. If you want the most suspenseful movie of our time, don' even give a second thought to buying Memento.
B000002H72|5.0|Everything from the twisted pop genius of &quot;Debaser&quot; and &quot;Wave of Mutilation&quot; to the dark moodiness of &quot;Monkey Gone To Heaven&quot; and &quot;Gouge Away&quot; to the bizarre brilliancy of &quot;Mr. Grieves&quot; and &quot;Silver&quot; to the fun-lovin' sweetness of &quot;Here Comes Your Man&quot; and &quot;La La Love You&quot;...and everything inbetween...is just gold. It doesn't get much better than this, folks. This is a diverse collection of tunes, and judging by the influence the Pixies have had on masses of bands that have come out in the last ten years, calling this album a classic is a pretty accurate statement. Definetely good stuff.
0380778556|5.0|A timeless place, a stifling air, a world of fascinating characters, cannot even begin to describe the world of priviledge and forboding that is so masterfully painted by Ms. Du Maurier.  Her descriptive talent for painting words on a page literally breathe life into the Manderly Estate and you catch yourself walking among its misty setting within your imagination.<br />Like a menacing fog, the claustophobic secrets of Manderly slowly reveal themselves and completely take you by surprise.  The story is timeless, the issues could be ripped from today's headlines.  Human emotion is ripe and in full bloom here as the suspense of human drama builds to a shattering climax.  For a novel written so long ago, I was completely engrossed until the wee hours of the morning reading......Pondering......Guessing......Shocked!!
0393317552|3.0|I enjoyed reading this work and reviewed the contained conclusions with keen interest. Even though the author presents many compelling arguments for the diversity and range of social and technologicl evolution of the world's peoples, I believe he provides no proof that these geo-biological circumstances account for all of the disparities betweem cultural and scientific advancements. What mention of the base genetic proclivities of diverse human populations and their resultant adaptability to environmental choices and options???
0060392886|4.0|Its got all the sex, drugs and rock-n-roll you want.  It's a quick, fun read...The \\"eye-opening\\" is more like a re-remebering that this genre of heavy metal was full of post-punk kids who bonded with music full of angst and rage.  It is hard to forget formulaic \\"hair band\\" ... music and its multitude of players, but at its onset it was really touching a raw nerve and actually saying something about the times of these explosive kids.  Then the \\"we'll spray our hair and sound like Quiet Crue or Danger Ratt\\" pawns fell prey to the \\"corporate geniuses\\" and washed it all away with teenage dance-marketability and sterile music.  The Crue certainly became a victim of this themselves later on, but who could blame them for any decisions they made seeing as how they were very rarely sane.  It would have been a wild ride to hang with them at the beginning of this mess, though.  Tommy Lee does need to cut down on the \\"Duuuude\\"s...
B000003CMC|5.0|The album is fantastic from start to finish with MOUNTAIN JAM being a definitive ABB jam full of joy and obvious musical telepathy. If you can't appreciate a long non-repetitive jam, you're looking at the wrong band. There is no band that can jam like the Allmans.
B000002VDW|5.0|Aside from the great hits off this album there are real hidden gems, including The Palace of Versailles and Timeless Skies. I can't understand why he is still unknown for by these songs. Amazing melodies and intelligent lyrics that hook you.
0380788624|3.0|...If a writer seems to feel he is smarter than his readers, then everything is lost.<br />This book is well on its way to becoming as well-loved as Stephenson's earlier \\"Snow Crash,\\" but while the praise for that book is merited (it's excellent, by the way, one of the ten best books I've ever read, and I'm not an SF fan), it's misplaced here.  Often plodding, \\"Cryptonomicon\\" buries its best ideas under a meaningless tide of jargon and concepts that seem designed by the author merely to show off the fact that he did his research.  Do we really need so many pages on the science of digging tunnels into mountains?  Perhaps in a civil engineering textbook; certainly not here.  That's what \\"Cryptonomicon\\" feels like far too often: a textbook, not a novel, and that's a shame--there are bursts of real genius here, particularly in some of the action sequences (the torpedo assault on a Japanese boat is as well written a scene as any I've read).<br />\\"Cryptonomicon\\" merits three stars for its sheer ambition.  But I dock it two stars for having an excessive ego.  Interesting, but not up to the standard Stephenson reached with the superlative \\"Snow Crash.\\"
B00005B4GU|3.0|I've been a fan of Radiohead since the beginning (especially liked The Bends) and it seems as if they have been on a downward emotional spiral through each of their albums.  I think of Kid A as their nervous breakdown and Amnesiac as the first breakthrough after it (before you flame me: Yes, I know they were made together.  But I think there was a reason they were released in this order).  I don't really think there is anything truly groundbreaking on this album; there has been plenty of Electronica/Techno (or whatever) that has tread this territory before.  However, Amnesiac is a groundbreaking Radiohead album.  I just don't think it is entirely successful.  I like Pyramid Song, You and Whose Army? and Life in a Glasshouse. Knives Out and I Might Be Wrong are the standouts.  They are great songs.  But most of the others seem like filler to me.  There's nothing to Pulk/Pull, or Like Spinning Plates.  I just don't get those &quot;songs.&quot;  I guess in the context of the album as the glue between songs they are ok, but they could have been left off entirely.   I am looking forward to what comes next from Radiohead.
078322608X|5.0|One of the most inexplicably underrated films in my memory.  It wasn't that &quot;12 Monkeys&quot; didn't get any praise; I saw it during its theatrical run, and the reviews were all generally positive.  But it just never seemed to catch on in the collective consciousness the way it truly deserved.<br />This is easily as fine a work as Gilliam's earlier &quot;Brazil.&quot;  In fact, I like it better.  The most brilliant stroke is leaving so many questions unresolved--you may think you know the answers, and perhaps you do, but all of the loops are frozen a tantalizing fraction from closure.  Who, for example, is the mysterious woman who claims to be in &quot;insurance&quot; at the end?  Haven't we seen her before?  And just what part of the whole experience is in James Cole's head?<br />Director Gilliam's unique visual sense is wrapped around the entire puzzle like the most well-fit suit you can imagine.  I honestly can't think of a flaw with this picture; I loved it, and it has a well-earned permanent spot in my collection.  Avoid if you have no interest in a challenge; everyone else should devour &quot;12 Monkeys&quot; like the visual and dramatic feast it is.
B00003CY5K|5.0|I saw this movie yesterday, and thought it was great! Its about this highschool girl who's going out with a guy named warner. The night he was supposed to propose, he dumped her, why? Because she was too dumb to be his girlfriend considering he was going to Harverd Law School. So Elle,(the main character) decides to make it her mission to win this guy back. She makes it to Harvard(pretty easily) and finds that Law School is a little harder that she thought. Through hard times, and great times, and many suprises, jokes, and even some great court cases(see the movie, u will understand)! This experience of a big &quot;O my god, like what am I to do, I can't go to the mall today, like o no!&quot; to a Graduate of Harverd, you can imagine how much fun this movie was!
B000001Y5J|5.0|Sometimes, you get extremely upset, and feel like punching something. The best thing you can do is pop in either Broken or Violence by Nothingface, and start punching your pillow. If you like the dance hall ready TDS, or the experimental Fragile, I can't really say you'll like this album. If you like Static X and Pantera, this is your new favorite CD. <br />While some reviewers are disappointed in the short length, I'm not, because the CD lasts about as long as my anger does. I always end up turning off my Nothingface CD after the first seven tracks.
B00003CXB6|2.0|Being a dinophile since birth, I absolutely loved Jurassic Park.  Seeing lifelike dinosaurs was an absolute joy for me and I will always remember the first time I saw the Brachiosaur eating the tree at the outset of the film.<br />Respecting Stephen Spielberg's work, I felt he would do further justice to the original with the sequel ....  I eagerly read The Lost World novel to build up my anticipation for the movie, but was very sadly disappointed ....<br />Had the screenplay been adapted from the book (which was a little fluffy, but very readable), it would have been a perfect marriage of visuals and story.  As for The Lost World movie, I felt it was plodding, uninspired, and redundant.  In fact, I would liken this sequel to Speed 2 or Species 2 ....<br />The dinosaur scenes were uninspired, though the effects were top-notch.  The story was trite, and everyone I watched the movie with laughed at the dialogue.  ....<br />My hope is that the third installment will recapture the kid in me like the first did.  Given my experience with The Lost World, though, I won't be surprised if I'm disappointed.  I'm giving the film two stars for the special effects.
B00005B6C9|5.0|I have been a fan for along time. This album I think is the best they have ever done. They aren't slowing down a bit, and they are not losing their edge. They just get better and better, and more creative all the time! I really like &quot;Man In The Middle&quot; &amp; &quot;Walking on Air&quot;. They are all so good though! A must buy to add to anyone's msuic collection!
B00003CXE6|4.0|Rousing fight scenes(watch out for those tigers);the story well let's say that it is adequate for this kind of epic movie.RUSSELL CROWE is ideally cast,what else can i guy want?Maybe a virtual collesium can convince you that this is actually ROME.I had a hard time to convince myself that JULIUS CAESAR was actually this guy who plays him.Somehow whenever JULIUS is on the scene,i was inclined to laugh.Remember the old saying:they don't make them like they used to do.Well, sometimes they do, but curiously we discover that we didn't missed them that much.If you invite your new girlfriend to watch this,i'm sorry for you, but you may not here from her again.
B00001NFCY|5.0|Basicly this is a sweet cd. Buy it, you'll like it if you have got taste in music.
0385501560|5.0|Thinking of spoiled cat food to keep from ejaculating is one of the funniest things I've ever read. Meet Chuck Palahniuk. His world is sick, twisted, demented, and you'll love every minute of it. This book had me laughing out loud several times. Victor Mancini reminds me of Patrick Bateman from American Psycho without of course murdering the women he sure as hell degrades them. Anyway, this is a good read, the end.
B00004YKUX|5.0|His voice is incomparable and the arrangements are wonderful.  Johnny Cash's version of Nick Cave's The Mercy Seat makes up for his inclusion of Tom Petty's I Won't Back Down.
B0000399WI|5.0|Shawshank Redemption belongs to an endangered species, the \\"real movies\\" family. Frank Darabont creates CHARACTERS. Characters as opposed to types (like the stone-faced-cop/justice-maker, always successful, and who, in the process, ends up with a sexy girl stuck to his prominent pectorals). Tim Robbins, Morgan Freeman and the gang are real actors that, finally, get to do what an actor is meant to: ACT!!! This movie is a pearl born out of the mud and garbage that the American Movie Industry methodically throws at us with increasing zeal. But I would definitely forgive them if, at least once a year, they would give us a movie of this caliber. My advice? Buy it and watch it monthly if not weekly. It satiates the hungry mind, and it's a balsam for the soul!
6305807426|3.0|Let me first say my actual star rating is 3 and a half. Now, after Dario's success with his masterpiece SUSPIRIA he began writing the script for INFERNO. But when i first saw the movie i wondered to myself &quot;what script?!&quot;. While this is certainly not one of Dario's worst it is certainly not his best but it's good enough to keep from being just a mediocre movie. What little plot there is concerns a young woman named Rose (Irene Miracle) who is doing some research on the building she lives in and she disocovers it was built by a man who had some associations with a trio of witches for whom he built three buildings. In the first SUSPIRIA you see the first building which is the dancing academy and in this one the building we are in now is in New York City. Each building for each witch. They are called The Three Mothers. When she begins to suspect something unusual in the building she lives in she writes to her brother in Rome to come and visit her (when the movie switches over to Rome we briefly see the third witch, she is the one holding the cat). Soon after her brother Mark ( a bland Leigh McClosky) goes to New York City only to find out she has dissappeared. Soon after the movie becomes a series of situations that don't really mean anything. While the movie's cinematography and use of primary colors are very beautiful and the sets and special effects are very impressive the movie suffers from two things: a script that does not make any sense (this script is filled with too much nonsense, even for Dario to whom the plot never really makes much difference) and a bland leading man. Leigh McClosky is one of the blandest actors i have ever seen and therefore it is hard for the auddience to really care about him. The supporitng cast is pretty good though. Alida Valli (SUSPIRIA,THE THIRD MAN) returns but to play another role as the building's landlord. And Dario's girlfriend Daria Nicolodi works with him for the second time. She plays a sick Countess who lives inthe building. And the musical score by Keith Emerson is very good. But like my title says, Inferno is long on style but not on logic and subtance. But compared to Argento's other dogs (TRAUMA, THE PHANTOM OF THE OPERA) this seems like a masterpiece. Dario has yet to finish his trilogy about The Three Mothers. Here's hoping the third one is better.
B00005B4GU|3.0|Well - here it is, Radiohead follow up to the nice little Kid A record. Let me first say this, I LOVE RADIOHEAD and I waitied long and hard, giving this disc plenty of airtime in the stereo. Here's what I learned...<br />A. It's not as good as Kid A, The Bends or OK Computer.<br />B. It does have one or two songs that are better than anything on Kid A (Pyramid Song for example)<br />C. It sounds VERY unfinished and rushed, were Kid A sounded a bit more cohesive and done.<br />D. Don't get me wrong, I LIKE IT VERY MUCH!<br />E. (This is a big one not directly dealing with the record but...) I find it hard to continually like a band who seem NOT to like either their fame or their fans. One only needs to read th MOJO interview or see how the band handled both general tickets and fanclub tickets for their current tour. By putting tickets on the net scalpers and ticket adgencies had a field day now charging up over 1000.00 (yes a grand) for decent seats to some shows. NOT ACCEPTABLE, The band is somewhat responsable as well, they should look at U2, Depeche Mode or The Super Furry Animals on how to deal with high demand tickets. but anyway back to the album...<br />F. The limited Edition is nicer than the regualr disc - unlike last time when the limited edition screwed you out of artwork and scratched your disc. (The Amnesiac artwork is better anyway)<br />G. It is definitely worth owning.<br />Thanks for your attention, now go buy some SFA!
B0000584V3|5.0|It's extremely hard to classify Opeths brand of music.  You could call it Black metal but you'd be wrong, you could call it Death metal but there are too many acoustics for that.....The only genre I can give it is Opeth.  Nothing is like them, their music is less metal and more classical.  Maybe you could call it Neo Classical.  While I could go on and on just on that subject I'll go into the actuall music, the important part.<br />For anyone looking at this review that has never listened to Opeth, WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR? If you listen to music because it is good and not trendy then any Opeth album is for you.  But I would start you off on this album or Orchid.  Every musician in Opeth has mastered their insturment.  The only band I can think of that is even close to these guys in talent is Dream Theater.
078401213X|5.0|This movie is NOT for everyone.  Within the first few minutes most people can figure out whether or not this is their type of film.  It is very artistic, painful, frustrating, and beautiful.  I love this movie, and it is a wonderful precursor to &quot;Requiem for a Dream&quot;.  Like requiem, &quot;Pi&quot; is a relentless assault on the viewer.  Not for conventional &quot;Mission to Mars&quot; or &quot;Titanic&quot; movie fans.<br />If you really liked &quot;Pi&quot; (gave it 4-5 stars), I HIGHLY recommend the 1989 Japanese film &quot;Tetsuo: The Iron Man&quot;.  It has much of the same feel as &quot;Pi&quot;...only even more insane!
B000002N3N|5.0|(...)She is one of a kind, and this album only enhances her contribution to musical enjoyment. As always, the instrumental opening sets a mood, followed by the lively \\"Anywhere Is\\", a song which grew on me each time I listened. Each song is exquisite, but for me, \\"China Roses\\" is the most delicately crafted song. However, \\"Once You Had Gold\\" which isn't mentioned as much is another of the highpoints. \\"On My Way Home\\" is a fitting conclusion to the album. I have heard rumors that not everybody likes Enya, and if there is a person who doesn't like her, then he or she shouldn't get this CD, but for everybody else, this is one of the essential CD's for your collection.
0345350499|5.0|Ever interested in the feminine perspective I picked up this book in college but to my discredit was too distracted to finish it. Now at 33 I cannot put the book down! The mini-series, though it was too short and too willing to take liberties with Bradley's plot, was marvelously done. Acting DIVAS played these magical feminine roles and it was an honor to watch their performances.<br />   The women in Arthurian legend are fascinating yet sadly and shamefully overlooked in the traditional telling of the tale. While Morgaine's journey is entwined with thorns of tragedy, betrayal, rivalry, mishap, loss and sadness, she is a powerfully self-contained, strong woman in constant search of peace, love, joy, freedom and a sense of belonging.   <br />It is quite provacative to consider the opposing religious foundations that Bradley relies on as ongoing conflict in her storytelling. Christians would render the views &quot;opposed&quot;; the old ways, however, embrace any reverance to a higher power -- even if it means a departure from their own traditions. Why should women, as the church would have it, deny our inate intuition and mystical power? At what cost? We had it then and we have it now. I honor it in myself and I encourage all women to do the same, in whatever fashion appropriate to the individual woman.    <br />Admittedly I don't know enough about Celtic history to comment on the validity of Bradley's research. I do know, however, that the foreward references quite a number of well known literary references that she used as an impressive basis for her book. In any event, the historical shift of society from a Pre-Judaio-Christian matriarchal paradigm to a Christian patriarchal paradigm has irrefutably left the world ravaged with agression and war. I can only wonder what a matriarchal paradigm of peace and love for our Earth would promise. The Mists of Avalon begs the question beautifully.   <br />Bradley's book is an entirely enchanting tale of Morgaine as she triesto discover/hold fast to who she is and how she struggles to live her life on her own terms. Any woman can appreciate this &quot;everywoman's&quot; journey! Priestess, faerie, or contemporary women alike can relate to her plight.   <br />In the sadly mysoginistic society of today where, for example, the fashionable clothing size for actresses to be is ZERO!!! how delightful it has been to digress with Bradley to a time where women were actually honored and revered. Thank you for this, Miss Bradley. Your story will happily stay with me in a joyful, empowering way!   <br />P.S. My mother loved the mini-series too! She is MY Igraine and luckily, UNLIKE Morgaine, I have been able to enjoy her to the fullest. Will be lending her my book soonest :-)
B00004STPT|5.0|Not since Ennio Morricone's stirring music for The Mission, or Peter Gabriel's spectacular work supporting The Last Temptation of Christ, have I been so deeply moved by a soundtrack.  If art is judged by its balance of complexity and integrity, and its ability to leave a simple, memorable mark all the while, I find Hans Zimmer's Gladiator score to rank with the very best.<br />At once warmly inviting and distantly brooding, the introduction mesmerized me, prepared me, and beckoned me for the immensely inspirational story about to unfold.  Then, the humming rumbles, lifting, soaring, searing.  It's what I imagine the blues might have sounded like 1800 years ago in the Mediterranean region.  That achingly, longingly, poignantly soulful voice bewails Maximus's palpable desire to return to water his roots in the black soil of his beloved home and family.<br />The rich flavor this score brings to singular emotions is balanced by its vivid portrayal of the complexity in other scenes.  For example, the orchestral piece closing the battle stage in Germania seemed to me to capture the ground swell of pride, relief, and fulfillment of mission that the conclusion of a long campaign may bring.  On the other hand, it also spoke of the intense and mutifaceted pain that the dying soldiers felt, and of the great weariness that settles in at such a time of closure.<br />Finally, a hope shared by many of us was illuminated and lifted up, when Maximus prays to his familial saints, and in the movie's tearful, breathtaking closing number.  When I need to center, or to reflect on the chief virtues, or to find courage in facing a challenge, I put on this music, even if only in my head.  It fires my fighting spirit and quiets my fears alike.  Gladiator, and its music, sings in my memory.
B00005BJ9W|1.0|When I first bought this album in 1983, it had an excellent 5:20 version of &quot;Hungry Like the Wolf&quot;, the highlight of the whole album (next to the title track). When the first CD of &quot;Rio&quot; came out, &quot;Hungry Like the Wolf&quot; was much shorter (like they wanted to hurry up and get it over with). This shorter version killed the appeal of the whole CD for me. I hoped someday they would re-release &quot;Rio&quot; as &quot;the original vinyl version.&quot; I thought that day came this past July 3rd, 2001. I was let down again. The same short version of &quot;Hungry Like the Wolf&quot;, but now remastered. Sad! Would anyone like to take this lame CD off my hands AGAIN? Never mind, I'll go trade it for something else somewhere. The closest we're going to get to the original vinyl version of &quot;Hungry Like the Wolf&quot; is on the &quot;Night Versions&quot; collection. Not exactly the same, but close.  Since Capitol created this confusion back then, why didn't they just feature the alternate tracks as &quot;bonus tracks&quot; to make everyone happy?
B00004XQ83|4.0|For the most part, the music on this CD is terrific.  However, it isn't a true soundtrack from the film.<br />To mention one example, &quot;Down to the River to Pray&quot; in the movie featured a Baptist church choir singing the song, and a terrific job they did.  The CD has Alison Krauss instead.  Her version is ok, but when I purchase a soundtrack, I expect to hear what I heard in the theatre.  I preferred the choir version.
0446608955|5.0|I'm 16 years old, and my mom gave me this book to read once she had finished it.  I read 3/4 of it in a day, only stopping because I had to.  It is an incredible story of love and friendship and the trials of being a teenager.  Landon Carter goes through disagreements with his father over student council to the embarrassment of taking his school's so-called &quot;goody-goody&quot; to a dance never even dreaming a wonderful friendship would develop and eventually blossom into a powerful love.  This is definitely a story you'll want to read with a box of Kleenex near!
B000002ADT|2.0|WOW!! I'm sure that there has got to be lots of music lovers like me who just dont see the attraction here. I tried three times to get with this disc, but all it does is make my eyelids heavy. Not terrible music, but nothing to rave about either - simply this music is lullabye stuff that conjures up a serenity which is great for unwinding, but not so great if your impulse is to stay awake. Sorry if I offend, but this is my honest opinion of this.
B000002J20|5.0|I bought this record in college in 1973.  I'm 47 years old and still can play almost the whole record in my head.<br />There's something about it that occaisionally draws me back, I feel the need to listen to the whole thing again.  For some reason, when I'm troubled, this album plays itself for me.<br />It speaks pure peace. Pure optimism. Not everyone gets it. Try it, if you get it it's worth 1000 times the price. If not, it's just a few bucks.
B00005ASIL|5.0|A compilation such as this is quite easier said than done. Nevertheless, Ian and co. have picked out a batch of songs that I absolutley can not stop listening to! All of these tracks have been re-mastered at Abbey Road studios under the watchful eye of Mr. Anderson, and an excellent job was done. Most all of the tracks sound so much better than they do on the original recordings.<br />This CD is PACKED with music... 78 minutes of it! Despite the fact that this album was most likley released due only to contractual agreements with their ex-record label, they didn't skimp on it's contents. I find it a joy to listen to and regard it as the best &quot;best of&quot; cd avalible for this group.
B000002H33|3.0|I expected so much but was left disappointed. This is a good album but if u wanna experience true metal at amazing speed then there is really only one album to buy, MEGADETH'S RUST IN PEACE. Thats all i have to say ;)
B00005BJ2O|5.0|Gosh, I loved this CD so much!  I saw the movie first, and then bought the CD, and then saw the movie another two times.  I guess I won't gush over the film too much, (because I should be doing that in the movie section, the CD area)but I just want to say that it deserved much more attention than it got.  Hopefully many more films of this genre will follow (though this just may be wishful thinking)<br />     In any event, the soundtrack impressed me a great deal.  I have to confess that I only really play the music that evokes a real &quot;musical&quot; (thats mean I left out the uh... &quot;Diamond Dog&quot; and &quot;Because We Can Can Can&quot; tracks).  Though I really do like the &quot;Lady Marmalade&quot;.  I have to agree with everyone else when I say that I really miss some songs that were left out, like &quot;The Spectacular Spectacular&quot; and more than anything else &quot;The Show Must Go On&quot;.  Aside from being an inspiring piece, the lyrics detail a very important theme in the movie, with great impact.<br />     In closing:  Please make a full CD!?!  Pretty please?!?
6304493681|5.0|This is a sleek, dark and intelegent anime. It pulled me in and I still find small details that make this one of my favorite movies.
0679879269|5.0|Well,I have read the series(and they should be read in order in this case) because it kept coming up as a classic.It is not necessarily a recommendation to me - it usually would involve a lot of thinking :).I have not read this as a religious view - I read it as a fantasy using familiar symbols.I think some parts in it are not going to be correctly understood by younger readers;I do not think I would have understood it.It is very well written,and the ending was unexpected until the last few pages.Well,what can I say - it's a classic!
B000056NX5|5.0|Thank God for DVD because i would have worn out a video tape in the first three months i had it! If you like this piece of music, you'll love Gale Edwards' modernized and exquisitely refined production. 30-somethings like me, who remember the concept album or 1973 movie from their childhoods will feel right at home in the 21st Century ambiance this film's stage sets, lighting and costume design. It's loaded with unexpected sybolism to satisfy and fuel the hungriest of minds and most active of imaginations, even after several viewings.<br />The casting is brilliant. All of the actors/actresses give outstanding, Oscar-worthy performances filled with intensity and emotion. Their passion for their work is immediately noticeable, giving the impression that they had a ball making this movie, which in turn gives the film itself an extra spark and plenty of energy to drive the story from start to finish.<br />Glen Carter's pleasingly melodramatic portrayal of Jesus takes a focused viewer on an unforgettable emotional roller coaster ride. The wide range of feeling with which he imbues his character gives Christ a very human and accessible edge without compromising his spirituality. Carter's singing is extraordinary as well, with smooth transition between notes and a tendency to hold a single note unwaveringly. His occasional breaks into a rougher voice add to the intensity of his performance and give it a touch of rawness that compliments Jerome Pradon's Judas.<br />&quot;Raw&quot; is an excellent word to describe Pradon's Judas, but i mean it in a good way. His Yin is the perfect opposition to Jesus' Yang. From the beginning, he sees the dark side of what is happening by viewing the same journey from an earthly, material perspective rather than the heavenly realm of mind that Jesus struggles to maintain. Pradon's acting and singing are just as heartfelt and bold as Carter's, yet necessarily courser and darker, befitting his character. Instead of holding to solid notes, he usually lets his voice fluctuate and sometimes falls into a hardness that beautifully conveys his emotional pain by inflicting it on the listener's eardrums. The result is delightfully heartwrenching.<br />Fred Johanson gives Pilate a wonderful blend of cold and cruel with warm and compassionate, restrained with explosive. He sings in the same manner, his soft, moaning voice in &quot;Pilate's Dream&quot; later contrasted to an extreme with strictness and severity in &quot;Pilate and Christ&quot; and &quot;Trial Before Pilate,&quot; where he places extra emphasis on thorough pronunciation of hard consonants. His style is fascinating and unique.<br />Tony Vincent's wild and punkish Simon is the true leader of the apostles at times, including Cavin Cornwall's reserved Peter, while Renee Castle's graceful, loving Mary Magdalene is at others, creating an interestingly obscure power struggle that never evolves into confrontation. One minute, the apostles follow Simon's battle cries for revolution against the Romans, the next they follow Mary's calls for peace. Both eventually exhibit a deeply rooted frustration over Christ's refusal to take either path in their own understood sense. Their lively, energetic performances and singing are flawless.<br />In contrast are Frederick B. Owens' Caiaphas and Michael Shaeffer's Annas, accompanied by three priests, who are always in agreement, fearful that Jesus is a threat to their politacal power. Annas' skinhead Nazi look and icy, heartless demeanor are matched by Shaeffer's sharp, cutting voice. Annas looks to the more authoritative Caiaphas as a superior and Owens' low, deep vocals help to illustrate his position in the hierarchy. Both portray their characters with a subtle humor that prevents them from being overly dark or evil while maintaining just enough seriousness to avoid being comical.<br />Rik Mayall's Herod, on the other hand, while explicitly vile, is highly comical, a flashy showman who introduces himself on a stage with a group of line dancers. His smartly odd, mocking voice is sure to elicit a smile from the viewer, even as Jesus watches Herod's stage show in silent, thoughtful disdain. Like Johanson, Mayall has a unique style that is highly entertaining and fun to watch.<br />Throughout the film, the ingenious use of lighting conveys moods and transforms the simple stage set into a wide variety of settings, from dark, ominous halls to bright, sunlit streets, a back alley and a crowded marketplace. Graffiti scribbled on the walls contains messages that apply to various aspects of the film, adds intriguing angles to the symbolism therein, and, though it may seem strange, actually fits the type of story being told. This movie is deep, thought-provoking and absolutely fantastic.<br />Now for the negative. Hmmmm... Nope, sorry, i can't come up with anything. Though, it would have been nice if they had included a lyric booklet in the package.with a group of line dancers. His smartly odd, mocking voice is sure to elicit a smile from the viewer, even as Jesus watches Herod's stage show in silent, thoughtful disdain. Like Johanson, Mayall has a unique style that is highly entertaining and fun to watch.<br />Throughout the film, the ingenious use of lighting conveys moods and transforms the simple stage set into a wide variety of settings, from dark, ominous halls to bright, sunlit streets, a back alley and a crowded marketplace. Graffiti scribbled on the walls contains messages that apply to various aspects of the film, adds intriguing angles to the symbolism therein, and, though it may seem strange, actually fits the type of story being told. This movie is deep, thought-provoking and absolutely fantastic.<br />Now for the negative. Hmmmm... Nope, sorry, i can't come up with anything. Though, it would have been nice if they had included a lyric booklet in the package.
B000002AZZ|5.0|This is, I think, Cohen's best album -- from the ubiquitous title to the ubiquitous ky jelly (in &quot;Is This What You Wanted&quot;). Listening to Cohen feels the same as falling in love to me.
B00000IH7P|5.0|One of my all time favourites for sure.This album presents some of  the best Supertramp hits from 1974-1982 Without a shadow of a doubt Supertramp provided some of the best music of the 1970's and early 80's School is a remarkable commentary on the alienation and frustration many feel during their school years. &quot;Goodbye Stranger -which beautifully blends the vocal talents of Roger Hodgson and Rick Davies -is all about quitting drugs and came out at the same time as David Bowies Ashes to Ashes which explores a similar theme at a time when the libertine trends of the 1960's and excess of the 1970s had drawn tio a close and the world was forced to sober up. The Logical Song is my favourite of favourites and deals with the yearning for ones lost childhood -a time of idyllic and beautiful innocence before being forcibly moved into a cold and clinical world-a world obsessed with &quot;reason&quot; and rejecting feeling and intuition Rudy deals with the loneliness and pain of a man who has been ignored by those  around him and has never found love and companionship.Something that is quite common in todays world While Hide In your Shell and Give a Little Bit exhorts people to give and recieve love and thereby bringhappiness to themselves and others Regardless of the message this is great music and also includes wonderful hits like Dreamer,Crime of the Century,Take the Long Way Home,Its Raining Again and  Cannonball
B00003CXRP|5.0|We enjoyed this film as much the second time as we did when we saw it at the theater earlier in the year. The story isn't much, but the performances and direction are first-rate. The DVD features an excellent transfer, great sound and many extras. It is definitely worth the time and money.
B00005J79H|5.0|I have never heard such beautiful arrangements for an acoustic album!! scorps old songs just rules in this album with the new style, and the new ones and the covers are cool!!!! I really like &quot;When love kills love&quot; where the harmonies are soooo great, and &quot;Life is too short&quot; that touches so deep!!! hope it's gonna be the next single!!! the performance is just perfect!!! and the crowd's emotions are amazing!!!
B00003CX5P|4.0|When the world ran out of Fairy Tales, one man set forth to create a legend that would never be forgotten.   In a time when a world needed heroes, he showed us to look within ourselves and use the force to overcome the menacing evil. From the people that shaped an entire culture, George Lucas and the team of Industrial Light and Magic, a new chapter emerges from the shadows of the past.  The beginning to the most famous movie series worldwide, unlocks the secrets of the events leading up to that moment when Darth Vader appears on screen for the first time in '78.   ILM pushes the envelope once more to tell the tale of the Boy Who Would Be Vader.    In an attempt to protect the young Queen Amidala from the attacking Trade Federation, Qui-Gon Jinn, Obi-Wan Kenobi, the Queen and her crew make an emergency stop on Tatooine.  While trying to find replacement parts, they stumble upon this boy genius who is extremely strong with the Force.  After proving his abilities in the Pod Race, Qui-Gon Jinn believes him to be the chosen one and takes him back to Corruscant before the Jedi Counsel so the boy can be taught.  The council rejects Qui-Gon's request so he takes Anikin under his wing in spite.    When the Sith, thought long extinct, return to the universe, they pose a menace to all who oppose them.  The Trade Federation is ordered by the Sith to take over the Planet of Naboo.  To save her people, Queen Amidala and Jar Jar Binks pursuede the Gungan Warriors to fight along side them and save their homeworld.    The 2 Jedi engage a Sith Lord in the bowels of the city for a Lightsaber battle like noneother has seen.  Obi-Wan graduates from student to master and Takes the Boy to train as his student.  This chapter leaves questions in your head and leaves you craving for the Next Epic Film in the Series.  Awesome Visuals, believable CG characters, and City shots that can't be matched.
B000000OAC|4.0|But the cover picture scared me when I was a little kid.
B000002UB3|5.0|This is the album that really showed that these four individuals had stopped collaborating seamlessly and had become four separate creative artists, ( well, maybe that should be three although Ringo does his best on Octopus' garden). <br />George in particular emerges as a serious writer with &quot;something&quot; while lennon and mccartney clearly go their separate ways at times, some of which works like &quot;come together&quot; and some of it doesn't quite make it, like &quot;Oh Daring&quot;<br />The work is a lot rawer and uneven than the earlier albums but still shows the unique enduring quality of this band and every now and then the old formula emerges<br />A must for any serious Beatle collection, buy it, you wont be disappointed
B00004STW3|5.0|From the &quot;Plan 9 from Outer Space&quot; space ship scene to the towering alien temptress, whose bouffanted do hides her large brain stem (in case you didn't know why her hair was so big), this classic sci-fi film is non stop super satire and belly laughs from beginning to end.  If you love Tim Burton, this is a must have for your collection!
B000002UAU|5.0|This takes the Beatles out of their &quot;poppy phase and into work that is more creative and meaningful. I think that the Revolver album was actualy the point of departure and left the Beatles with seveal possible directions. Stg. Pepper shows the option they they decided to take and is undoubtedly heavilly influenced by McCarney who emerged as the driving force in the band at that time Every song is beautifuly produced and the lyrics and themes of the songs cover a wide range of subjects. A great classic !
B00003CXR0|5.0|Critics wailed that the movie put down the &quot;church&quot; but what a shallow critique! This story is powerful in that it contrasted the &quot;real human beings&quot; who were embracing life and accepting others (even ignorant &quot;boat people&quot;) with the &quot;superior&quot; individuals, who were defining who they were by what they didn't do and whom they excluded. It was a delightful movie (much better than the book) that tantalized my senses and stirred my soul at the same time.
006016848X|1.0|I am angry with myself for spending time reading this drivel. Books like this and authors like Gray are part of the reason that American culture is an international embarrassment. Save your time and money, as insightful as an infomercial.
0767827791|5.0|A terrific movie with the stunning and haunting &quot;Moonglow&quot; soundtrack. The cast is wonderful with a standout by Arthur O'Connell and the scene stealer herself, the Glorious Roz Russell!
B00003ETJQ|5.0|Only after viewing this DVD was I told the meaning of the word &quot;Baraka&quot;. Uggh. After sitting through this beautifully filmed sequence, I am all the more aware of the mass of human filth that pollutes this planet. It made me wish for a plague to remove 80% of the scum that inhabits our world. 'Blessing'? No way. What was shown was the scourge of the earth, the over population that is destroying it with its vast over breeding of human leeches. This DVD was an eye-opening view of the absolutely destitute masses of creeping crawling flesh that are devouring our resources.
B00005AUBA|5.0|I've given five a lot stars before, and it seems now I was a bit careless, because it's a time like this when I wish I could give an especially high rating. I would give seven or eight stars if I could.<br />This is Mogwai's most focused and sophisticated album, and shows a lot of progression and maturity for the band, while still retaining the ability to do what made them successful in the first place (check out &quot;You Don't Know Jesus,&quot; in my opinion their greatest piece yet.)<br />There's not a weak song on the album, of course not counting Robot Chant, which isn't really a song. I don't mind that the album is relatively short; it feels just right to me. It's a wide and coherent range of new ideas for Mogwai, and I just can't wait to see what they do next. I think they're the greatest band of our times.<br />Other songs of note are &quot;Take Me Somewhere Nice,&quot; which is just beautiful, and &quot;Dial: Revenge&quot; which is truly inspired. <br />This is one of the most flawless albums I've ever encountered; being short is actually an asset to that, rather than a detractor. Just look at Nick Drake's &quot;Pink Moon&quot;; 29 minutes and every song is unique and perfect.
B000009PNY|3.0|One of my favorite things about covers and tributes is when a band takes a song and adapts it to their own style rather than emulating the original band. In most cases, you are never going to do as good of a job as the band who wrote the song, so you may as well do it your way. But, unfortunately, there are some songs that just should never be covered in the first place and people just insist on doing it anyway. This CD has all three of these scenarios.<br />To start off, Veruca Salt should hang their head in shame for the hack-job that they've done on 'Somebody'. This is one of those songs that no one should ever cover, no one will ever do as good of a job as Depeche Mode. The original features some beautiful piano and an extremely sensual and heartfelt vocal piece. This cover sounds like someone let a 3 year old play keyboard and the vocals sound like a cat in extreme pain. Skip this song.<br />Now, I like Rammstein; but a thick German accent doesn't work with the smooth musical stylings of Depeche Mode. It's much too harsh. Skip this one as well.<br />I was extremely excited when I saw that Smashing Pumpkins were on this CD. Then, when I heard the bland, emotionless version of &quot;Never Let Me Down Again&quot;, I was disappointed.<br />Hearing Locust's disgusting version of 'Master And Servant' makes me want to put on a crushed red velvet suit and become a cheesy lounge singer. This one stinks.<br />Now, that we've gotten the really offensive songs out of the way, we'll work on the snoozers. Hooverphonic, Self, Rabbit In The Moon and Apollo Four Forty should have just stayed home instead of recording these smelly portions of Depeche Mode sacrilege. These songs have been more than worthy of the skip button on my CD player.<br />On the brighter side, Meat Beat Manifesto reworks 'Everything Counts' adding a more modern spin to it; spicing it up a bit. This one is a good track. A track I thought would be a brutal cover was Monster Magnet's cover of 'Black Celebration'. I'm not really a big fan of Monster Magnet, but they've done a pretty good job here, I'm almost impressed. And Gus Gus add a darker, moodier edge to 'Monument'. This one was a success as well.<br />One of the real big winners, are Deftones. They cover 'To Have And To Hold', a song in the same vein as 'Somebody' (but not quite as good). After hearing Deftones' version of Sade's 'No Ordinary Love', I was really unsure what to expect on this track. I was pleased when I heard the ultra heavy guitars kick in; sometimes it works and other times it doesn't, but here they fit perfectly. Chino's wanton vocals really add an aspect of longing that is so essential to a lot of Depeche Mode songs. Deftones have taken a great song and reworked it in their own style and it pays off... this songs rocks!<br />Failure also use some really heavy guitars to crank 'Enjoy The Silence' up a notch. Another example of totally reworking a song to fit your own style with success.<br />Another real bright spot on this album was Dishwalla's version of 'Policy Of Truth'. It is a much more subdued and darker version (thanks to the bassline and heavy guitars in the background) of this wonderful song.<br />God Lives Underwater turns the already killer 'Fly On The Windscreen' into a real smoker. They lay down some very heavy beats and inject some new life into this song.<br />The centerpiece of this CD is The Cure's version of 'World In My Eyes'. They have made this song about 10 times darker with some heavier bass and really intriguing sounds. If you've ever heard their version of Jimi Hendrix's 'Purple Haze' you'll understand why The Cure are stars at covering other bands' songs. They have burned this song to the ground and laid the foundation of the new version on it's ashes. It is great.<br />What you find here is a real mixed batch of songs, the good barely outweighing the bad. If you are anything like me, you'd better have the CD player remote control handy while listening to it though, soyou can save yourself from hearing the eardrum bursting, slanderous hacks who have massacred some truly great songs. But, just enjoy the good covers and try not to dwell too long on the other songs.
6305177473|5.0|I think this remake of THE PARENT TRAP is a lot better than the original, though the original was pretty good, too. This film is based on the 1961 film by the same title. The movie probably could've found real twins for this, but I guess they wanted to try and make it like the original by getting in one actress to play a double role of the twins. In this version, Hallie Parker and Annie James are the twins and they are played by newcomer, Lindsay Lohan. Dennis Quaid plays Hallie's father, and Natasha Richardson plays Annie's mother.<br />Hallie and Annie look exactly alike - they are really twins - and they end up meeting each other at a summer camp. Though they look exactly alike, they are completely different. Hallie is from California, and Annie is from England. When they realize that their parents were once married and they are sisters, they decide to switch places (Annie will go home with Hallie's father and Hallie will go home with Annie's mother at the end of camp) and try to get their parents back together before a snobish beauty, Meredith Blake (Elaine Hendrix) marries Hallie's father for his wealth.<br />This film also co-stars Lisa Ann Walter as Chessy, the Parkers' housekeeper, and Simon Kunz as Martin, the James' butler. THE PARENT TRAP is even funnier than the original, with more laughs and is very lighthearted. A feel-good comedy that you won't want to miss!
0684867621|3.0|This definitely isn't high on my list of great books. It's a big departure from what King usually writes, and I wish he would have just stuck w/ his usual fare. It moves too slow for my tastes...if you want an awesome King book, try Bag of Bones.
B00004U30D|4.0|AMERICAN BEAUTY is a rare, unique and original film that can only be made at least once a decade. It's dark with a lot of twists and yet, at the same time, lighthearted and humorous.<br />AMERICAN BEAUTY takes place in a modern-day suburban American town. It basically revolves around two particular families living next door to each other in a quiet neighborhood. The first family: the Burnhams - Lester Burnham (Kevin Spacey), Carolyn Burnham (Annette Bening), and Jane Burnham (Thora Birch). Lester is the father, and he is going through a mid-life crisis. He has even fallen in love with Jane's new friend, Angela Hayes (Mena Suvari) by her beauty. Caroyln is the perfect mother who has to have everything perfect - everything and everyone. Jane is the rebellious teenager who can't seem to appreciate anything her parents give her or do for her.<br />Family number two: the Fitts - Colonel Frank (Chris Cooper), Barbra (Allison Jenny), and Ricky (Wes Bentley). The Colonel Frank is the father, a retired US miltary colonel who is hard on his son - to the point of abusive - and even though he claims his son is a homosexual, he is actually a homosexual himself, though you don't really find that out until the end. Barbra is mainly silent throughout this film, and doesn't have a lot of lines so you can't really know what her character is like, though she often forgets and is lost in her daydreams a lot. Ricky is the son, and he films everything that is beautiful or interesting to him - which is how he and Jane meet, because he was filming her all the time. He also is very confident and calm about everything, and is afraid of his father, though he never likes showing or admiting it.<br />A beautiful film about a man in his mid-life crisis and falling for the beauty of his teenage daughter's best friend. The ending is very surprising, and the film didn't really live up to all of my expectations.... <br />The bonus added stuff to AMERICAN BEAUTY is really good, but couldn't they havejust added the special edition stuff to the same video tape as the movie itself because then this wouldn't have to be a double video. Oh well. This is still a very good movie, and I really recommend it. But I don't think it really deserved all those Oscars. I really think THE SIXTH SENSE still should've won Best Picture. But all in all this is a great film! A must-see.
0345350499|4.0|This is by no means a brisk read, but there's something intriguing on every page, and Bradley was a fine stylist. I'm especially impressed by her success as an evangelist, so to speak: many readers have described The Mists as life-changing. But by the author's own indirect admission (Acknowledgments, vi), the faith of Avalon has little more to do with the Old Religion of Britain than a horse chestnut has to do with a chestnut horse. Interesting questions present themselves. Was Bradley on a serious spiritual quest, or escaping into an alternative universe, or simply doing what seemed necessary to keep her story moving? Who knows? The novel's lyrical conclusion is virtually a hymn to the Goddess. But significantly or not, the author's burial service in 1999, which she herself prepared, was Episcopalian. -- C. B. Rykken
0380817683|4.0|This book was so far out of my usual genre, I suprised myself by reading it---and suprised myself even more when I finished it and proclaimed I loved it!<br />Rachel's holiday was fabulous! I sat outside in a lawn chair for a weekend, relaxing and absorbing her book. Her book didn't sap brain power--which is why it's called a good &quot;beach read.&quot; It was fun, easy, and a suprisingly light read--considering the subject.<br />Rachel is an out-of-control independent woman. Smart, witty, could-have-been-successful-in-another-life type person. She's also a coke-head and a drunk--which leads us to her holiday--a trip to rehab where she is (predictably) certain she is not at all like the rest of the addicts. We get to know her family, and learn about her friends through flashback-type scenes. <br />The only downside is the aforementioned predictability of the book. Keye's writing style makes up for it though, and while we expect what's going to happen next, we love reading it anyway because we're sure to laugh between takes. There are a few suprises--but not many. Keyes is an excellent writer. She's chatty and intelligently witty. I'll be picking up her other books, and hope for more of the same!
B0000025KI|5.0|The River is a very interesting album, because it seems to draw from everything that bruce had recorded before it, and the two albums he was to record next. This one isn't my favorite springsteen album, because i don't think it hits as hard as its two predeccessors. It shows signs of his next album, Nebraska, and even of the commercial success that was to come in 84, Born in the USA. It has some brilliant, amazing songs. &quot;The River&quot; is one of his best ever, &quot;Sherry Darling&quot; is reminicent of his first two albums, and &quot;Point Blank&quot; is a well written, driven song.  This is a double album, so you get plenty. I'm more of a fan of the early springsteen. This isn't my favorite, because it's kind of a bridge to his later stuff, which is by no means bad, but which I don't think is as powerful. Definitely worth getting though. A fantastic album.
6304039506|3.0|Basically, the only normal person in this movie is Stella.  Stan is clearly bipolar or manic depressive: one minute he's cooing and caressing Stella; next minute he's throwing radios out of the window. Blanche is just kooky and belongs in a loony bin: she's got her 50-cent rhinestone tiara and her worn out Mardi Gras dress to create enchantment with Mitch; on the other hand, she's bringing male victims into her lair.  Even the neighbor upstairs is problematic. One minute her husband is beating her up. Next minute they're walking together lovingly arm-in-arm. Mama's-Boy-Mitch wants a woman but makes bad choice in Blanche. It's all such a mess. It's a pretty good movie though. The lines that made Brando &amp; Leigh are just plain funny to me now.
0783117523|5.0|This movie is graet. Angelina plays great. I recomend it. There is a nice scene with Elizbeth Mitchelle. Check it out..
B00003CXSM|3.0|Just kidding, even though I love that movie! This movie was cute and the sexual tension and attraction was great, but is that just because it's Matthew? I feel that if they kept the Deleted Scenes IN the movie, the movie would have been so much better.  I guess that's a plus for owning a DVD player. Those Deleted Scenes made the movie make a little more sense.  All in all, it was a fairly good movie to pass the time with.
B00004X01U|5.0|I love this album for its music. Continuing the electronic line of Ray Of Light, Music reveals a beautiful addicting set of tracks in which Madonna's voice blends and becomes the leading instrument. Soon you might find yourself signing and moving along or just letting yourself go with the music into a dream world.  Very recommended for any music fan.  Noticable tracks are: Music, Don't Tell Me, What It Feels Like, Paradise, Gone.
0767827716|4.0|This is not a movie that I ever really wanted to see, but I was at the video store looking for a DVD to hire and everything that I wanted to see was out, so I picked this up and enjoyed every minute of it.  The idea of a possessed car is not to my taste, but it is done very well here.  It is a shame that there is no commentary track as John Carpenter has done some very entertaining ones such as on VAMPIRES and THE THING.  The picture quality on the PAL disc in quite unbelievable considering the age of the film and looks as good as many DVD's of current films and should look almost as good on the NTSC disc.  Check it out, you won't be disappointed.
B000002JKA|5.0|I love this CD ... reading reviews that say there's no &quot;heart&quot; in this album confused me. I hear a lot of passion and feeling in this CD. I guess if playing solos that contain notes faster than 8th notes, accompanied by bad wah-wah pedal technique, then they'll never have &quot;heart&quot; to you.<br />That being said, this is STILL my favorite DT CD. I love every one of them dearly (except for Falling Into Infinity), and have been a die-hard Dream Theater fan since I saw them at a club in Philadelphia with about 50 other people - but this is THE quintessential Dream Theater album. There's just something about this record that just sticks with me - not one bad song, not one melody out of place - nothing. It's perfect in every way, and not just from a &quot;technical&quot; stand-point. It's far from &quot;sterile,&quot; as some would suggest, and everything flows perfectly. This is about as far from &quot;spliced together&quot; as you can get - which some bands (i.e. Metallica!) do.<br />Make no mistake: These guys can play, and write, at a level most bands could only hope to achieve. And no matter what the naysayers about &quot;technical&quot; players may post about this band, it still all sounds like sour grapes to me. I LIKE hearing musicians BE musicians. It's not about ego - it's about EXPRESSION. So, sorry if expressing yourself with arpeggios is wrong in your book - it's not in mine.<br />It WOULD be wrong if EVERY solo spot on every song didn't fit what was going on around it - but I can't find one solo, after listening to this CD more than 600 times, that doesn't compliment or contrast the song in an appropriate manner.<br />AWAKE should be in everyone's CD collection. It takes some adjusting to, but that, to me, is a sign of a band who's not afraid to take chances leaping into new musical territories for them.
B00004XONN|2.0|To begin, I love Radiohead. They are my favorite band, BY FAR. However, this album is fairly unlistenable. Also, everyone has been dooped into believing that this is the most orriginal peice of music ever. Wrong. Music like this has been done before, in fact MANY TIMES before, and has been done BETTER. If you don't believe it then you're lying to yourself. This form of music, as you will understand from listening to it, is not very popular. What radiohead did was take a relativly unknown music form and bring it to the people who don't know about it. That's how people labled it as orriginal. The fact is, that it is not. It's much more popular in Asia and Europe. Good for Radiohead for breaking out of the mould completly (hence 2 stars), but sadly that is not enough to make it a good album. No one can sit and listen to something that is unplesant and mark the unplesantness completly inconsequential by the fact that Radiohead broke the boundaries. It is STILL irritating. So don't buy this album, even if you like Radiohead. I own it and i junt never listen to it. Hmmf.
0671027573|5.0|I have read most of this author's books before, and I have to say, this was the best.  The plot, the suspense, the storyline, the humor, the romance--all of it was well-written and perfectly balanced.  I found myself laughing through part of the book, then biting my fingers through the rest of it.  Ms. Howard does a superb job of forming her characters with their own quirky personalities and vocabulary-Jaine was hilarious! I gave this book to a friend at work and now all we do is trade &quot;Jaine-isms&quot;.  A must-read for anyone who likes a great romance thrown in with a great suspense-I recommend it highly!
1556154844|5.0|I consider this the \\"Bible\\" of software development. Period! End of the story! <br />This invaluable ...software book should be a required reading for anyone considering software development or starting a career in software development. A colorful book covering just about everything any programmer should know. It is thorough, fact filled, witty and priceless piece that should be on every software developer's bookshelf. <br />One of our company's first questions for software developers in our hiring process is \\"have you read Code Complete\\" ...
0140434089|5.0|Wilkie Collins is best remembered for two books: &quot;The Moonstone&quot; and &quot;The Woman in White&quot;. Both of them are great achievements in the mystery field. The narration style is unique and the plot is well developed around the tale of the diamond. Keeps you right on the edge until the very end. It is strongly recommended.
B00000JJQK|5.0|Brian Wilson's genius is often cited as being with only harmony, but on this wonderful album, he has such a huge amount of orchestrated madness, it takes a back seat. From the overally optimistic &quot;Wouldn't It Be Nice&quot;, to the simply listener absorbing &quot;That's Not Me&quot;, this album runs the gamut and does so like no other I have ever heard. &quot;God Only Knows&quot; and &quot;Sloop John B&quot; alone make this a classic on par with &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot;. I know I'll never forget hearing Wilsons' pleadingly honest vocal on &quot;I Just Wasn't Made For These Times&quot;. He couldn't have been more right. He was made for all times, and this album is testament to his greatness. Buy it so you have something of intricate value to share with your grandkids.
B00003CXRP|4.0|The last time Tom Hanks teamed up with director Robert Zemeckis the result was \\"Forrest Gump\\".  I can safely say this is no \\"Forrest Gump\\".  FG was a terrific story, further enhanced by outstanding acting.  This is a decent story propped up by phenomenal acting.<br />The initial premise was intriguing.  A Fedex employee is stranded on a deserted island and is forced to use his ingenuity to survive.  At first, it is fascinating watching Chuck (Tom Hanks) adapt to his stark environment.  However, after about an hour of screen time devoted solely to his island exploits, the film begged for a cut to somewhere else.  There were numerous themes that were running simultaneous to his island struggles.  There was the search and rescue, and Kelly's (Helen Hunt) coming to terms with his loss to mention the two most obvious themes that were completely neglected.<br />Instead, Zemeckis decided that we should have all Tom all the time, which despite his gargantuan talent and over the top performance, became just a bit more Tom than I could stand.  Zemeckis did a superb job with the photography and induced one of Hanks best performances.  Unfortunately, the film became one-dimensional and began to bog down.  The ending brought no relief from the drudgery, leaving viewers adrift without the emotional release necessary to bring the story to closure.<br />Tom Hanks was in top form.  He deservedly was nominated for yet another best actor award by the Academy (his fifth).  It seems everywhere I turn lately I see Helen Hunt.  She made four films in 2000 and I have seen them all in the last two months.  This was one of her better performances of the year, though the part was small.<br />The film grossed over $200 million, which shows that for most people just being able to see Tom Hanks is enough.  I rated it 7/10.  The one-dimensional story and flat ending stifled my enthusiasm despite a tour de force performance by Hanks.
B00005BL2A|4.0|Looks like the fans (and haters) have come out of the woodwork on this one!!  Got a nice generational split down the middle.<br />So far:<br />1.  If you discovered Depeche Mode in the early 80's and decided that Somebody was Martin Gore's finest hour, you will probably like this CD.<br />2.  If you found Depeche Mode during their Top Ten run with Violator, and decided that Songs of Faith and Devotion was the pinnacle of their career (of which I beg to differ), then you will probably NOT like this CD.<br />Personally, I've been waiting 15 years for a proper follow up to Black Celebration, arguably the best work Depeche Mode have ever done. While Exciter isn't exactly on par with that classic, it comes a damn site closer than some of their more recent releases.<br />Like all great Depeche Mode work, this album has to be taken on it's own terms.  This is SERIOUS headphone music.  Slip it on and be surrounded by atmosphere.  There's no &quot;Rush&quot;, no &quot;Higher Love&quot;, no &quot;Personal Jesus&quot;, but you will &quot;Enjoy the Silence&quot; taking a trip through such reveries as the sexy, swooning &quot;Shine&quot;, the unconditional love anthem &quot;Freelove&quot;, the almost Bacharachesque &quot;When The Body Speaks&quot; and my two favorites, the trip-hop jewel &quot;I Am You&quot; and ethereal oldies-sounding &quot;Goodnight Lovers&quot;.  Much of this album is spacious, airy and joyously light, like a nice soft pillow, boasting some of the happiest music Depeche Mode has ever made (a result of Mr. Gore's recent relocation to Santa Barbara, CA?).<br />I gotta go with the naysayers, tho' on two  things:  One, Comotose - 'nuff said by others here.  Two, the lyrics- they are not exactly up to par with most of Depeche's work.  One of the reasons I've enjoyed Depeche Mode's music was the obtuse, meaningful and personal lyrics penned by Mr. Gore.  While there are some beatiful passages, much of the sentiment as stated on this CD would not be out of place on a Michael Bolton album, despite the beauty of much of the music (I'm going to forgive them for the Dead of Night, which was obviously written as a joke - you can even hear David Gahan laughing about it toward the end of the tune).  Then again, one could do worse than an album of love songs by Depeche Mode.<br />One thing I have to note is how sick I am of hearing fans obsess over how much they miss Alan Wilder.  Personally, I didn't miss him on this CD.  Yes, he was an integral part of the group (they even admit it themselves in various interviews), but they've moved on to create new avenues for themselves (as has Mr. Wilder).  This is an ever-evolving group, and to expect them to repeat past musical endeavors would be pretty much asking for the impossible.  They are at a point where they can't be judged by what they did before, but what they can do in the future.<br />IMHO, I personally would like them to explore the trip-hop route.  Perhaps Massive Attack could produce their next album?  Maybe have David Gray sit in, and have that fellow chronicler of nihilist angst and perennial sweet talker Dave Matthews help out as well?  Given the Mode's direction as of late, perhaps they might fit in...<br />Nah...on a Michael Bolton album, despite the beauty of much of the music (I'm going to forgive them for the Dead of Night, which was obviously written as a joke - you can even hear David Gahan laughing about it toward the end of the tune).  Then again, one could do worse than an album of love songs by Depeche Mode.  <br />One thing I have to note is how sick I am of hearing fans obsess over how much they miss Alan Wilder.  Personally, I didn't miss him on this CD.  Yes, he was an integral part of the group (they even admit it themselves in various interviews), but they've moved on to create new avenues for themselves (as has Mr. Wilder).  This is an ever-evolving group, and to expect them to repeat past musical endeavors would be pretty much asking for the impossible.  They are at a point where they can't be judged by what they did before, but what they can do in the future.  <br />IMHO, I personally would like them to explore the trip-hop route.  Perhaps Massive Attack could produce their next album?  Maybe have David Gray sit in, and have that fellow chronicler of nihilist angst and perennial sweet talker Dave Matthews help out as well?  Given the Mode's direction as of late, perhaps they might fit in...<br />Nah...
B00005B1EX|5.0|Insurrection is nothing less than an exceptional album, This is Metal played the way it should be.  Do not pass up this album
B00005LB50|5.0|There's nothing to say about this music that it can't say for itself. My only complaint is that they could have earned a sixth star by including the infamous extended &quot;Bluebird&quot; versions...my dub tape is long since gone to dust. Stills, Young and Furay all shine brightly. BTW, it's just as well they did not include any live material, as they weren't that consistent.
6303012140|3.0|Like most Stallone films in the 90s, Demolition Man lacks much of a story.  It also, has some of the worst dialogue to \\"grace\\" a Sci-Fi film.  <br />What saves this movie from the being as bad as say Judge Dread, is two things.  One, is Weasly Snipes.  While Stallone gives his usual, [bad] performance, Snipes does a very good job of the villian.  Second, some of the action scenes are rather enjoyable.  <br />Don't kid yourself into think this is a great movie.  However, if you want some high-paced futuristic action, you could do worse.
B00003CY5H|4.0|Big fan of Ed Norton (Fight Club was brilliant) and Bobby De Niro (want to know why he did Meet the Parents, though.) Anywho, De Niro is Nick, a veteran safe cracker who hits a party in mid-swing and makes a near clean getaway. He returns to Montreal, his home now, to his jazz club and flight attendant girlfriend Diane played by Anglea Bassett (if you're a fan of hers, get your fix early because she pulls a disappearing act of her own the whole middle act.) Nick's boss, I guess, is Marlon Brando's Max, who also happens to be the comic relief. He's got this big job, the mother of all scores (for them anyway) but it requires them to do it in their own town, something which sets Nick off but good. He's eventually convinced by Max and his young friend Jack (Norton) who has taken up a job at Montreal's customs house (where the loot is) under the alias of Brian, a mentally disabled assistant janitor. The middle act is all about how they intend to rob the customs house and steal this jewel-encrusted scepter that can be sold for a large bit of cash. The end, if you've payed any attention to the trailer is quite predictable, but then again you get the feeling through the entire movie that it could really be no other way ... so in it's own sense it is satisfying. Catch it at a matinee, because it's not worth a full price ticket (what movie has been, lately) but it's still nice to see on the big screen. And as it turns out, Yoda ain't a bad director.
6303855474|1.0|Judge Dread was just another stepping stone in Stallones long ride to the bottom.  As must would expect, the film lacks much of a plot and is full of irritating dialogue and some very mediocer performances.  Of course, people who go to see this film are going to go for the action and special effects.<br />In the latter category, Judge Dread is competant if not amazing.  The visuals are fairly good but really nothing that is going to knock your socks off. <br />Unfortunatly, the films main draw, the action sequences, are un-involving and tedious.  If you're expecting anything along the lines of a Face Off or Die Hard then you are going to be seriously disapointed.  <br />I've heard people say &quot;Don't expect Shakespear, just enjoy it as a fun Sci-Fi ride.&quot;  The sad think is, even if you do ignore the lousy script and acting, this is still a weak film.  It's not fun and it's not much of a ride.
6302054982|5.0|This has got to be one of the best gangster films of all time.  I don't think Robert DeNiro has made a better movie.  Also Joe Pesci and Ray Liotta are brilliant.  I don't know why Ray Liotta wasn't in a lot of other movies because I think that he is a genious.  3 decades of Henry's life are in this movie.  First in the 50's when he worked at the cab stand.  Then in the seventies when he was a run around work guy for the mob and then finally in the end where he is living on his own.  This movie I give a 5 out of 5 rating because it has to be Hollywood's greatest movie ever. If you don't agree... I'm going to have to send Henry, Tommy and Jimmy down to talk to you
B00000IIXH|4.0|A bit off an oddball, some good stuff, some average stuff and one or two outstanding tracks.The acoustic version of &quot;Born in the USA&quot; alone is worth the purchase price, but the real showstoppers are &quot;The Fever&quot; and &quot;The Promise&quot;. What must be questioned is why songs of this calibre were not previously released. The album highlights why he is the Boss.
6305078181|4.0|This was a really great movie. ive got some pro's and con's about it. PRO: The dark atmosphere terrified me! even without Frank Langella on screen. CON: There was a character mix up. Mina \\"Van Helsing\\" wasnt in the novel or any other movie; Lucy \\"Seward\\" was the same way. PRO: Donald Pleasance was an awesome Dr. Seward! CON: The movie followed very little of the novel's story line, but it was pretty well written anyway. PRO: Frank Langella was Dracula. He was terrifying and charming all at the same time. Perfect Count. CON: The part written for Harker was a little weak. He wasnt the vampire hunter I had imagined. If he could have been in the castle Dracula like in the novel, he would have been great! PRO: The wolf in the movie is really cool. He has red eyes and it just looks really creepy. CON: Carfax abby is a little too much like what people expect Castle Dracula to be like. Its on a cliff, its huge. kind of stereotypical. Inside, its incredibly good!<br />PRO: The horror is subtle in some parts due to Langella's performance as a suave vampire. also the atmostphere helps alot. CON: Van Helsing dies! that really [wasn't good], because he was such a cool character. PRO: the scenery was tremendous! the DP really did a great job! All in all, this was a great movie! i recomend it highly!
B0000025D0|5.0|An album that is exceptionally difficult to fault, from the obvious tracks such as &quot;Badlands&quot; and &quot;Adam raised a Cain&quot; through to a personal stand out track of &quot;Racing in the street&quot; this album truly deserves the status of a classic album.
B00000IO4J|5.0|The first time I saw this movie I really didn't follow it that much.  I have seen many horror flicks and was able to predict almost everything.  A few days ago I invited some friends over for a horror film fest.  I then watched and discovered that there is more to the film than meets the eye.  It has a great mixture of comedy while keeping the suspense theme strong.  With actors Josh Hartnett playing the troubled bad boy and Elijah Wood playing the nerd/geek it made the movie even better.  I did notice some scenes where the movie could be left open for a sequel.  If there will be one, I hope it will be just as great!
B000009QPE|5.0|Late one night in 1986, I heard for the first time &quot;Angel of Death&quot; on a local metal station.  Life has never been the same since.  The next day, being 16 at the time, I rode my moped to a nearby record store and picked up Slayer's latest release on vinyl.  Rib-cracking guitars, shotgun-like snare drum, and Tom Araya's satan-like pipes...the mix on this record is pure perfection.  About a month later, I accidentally left the LP in the hatchback of a buddy's car, in which he was badly rear-ended, the car was towed away as a total loss with &quot;Reign in Blood&quot; in the back.  It was almost like someone upstairs was telling me &quot;NOT to listen to Slayer, Slayer is BAD.&quot;  COOL!!!  Immediately went out and got the cassette copy.  I must've literally listened to this recording 100,000 times from start to finish over the past 15 years...never disappointed.  My parents thought I was nuts listening to this utter masterpiece.  More the reason to listen again and again, and turn it up while I'm at it.  Its as though this album is just one big opus with 10 parts.  The songs just flow together beautifully.  &quot;Necrophobic&quot; being my favorite (its the fastest).  A friend of mine wants &quot;Raining Blood&quot; played at his funeral.  If you're into metal and you don't have Slayer's &quot;Reign in Blood&quot;, you're not into metal.  All the Slayer records are great, and I can't wait to hear &quot;God Hates Us All&quot; later this summer, but &quot;Reign in Blood&quot; is the best.
0767824571|5.0|British humor, dry but very good.
0345442989|5.0|Apart from this being one of the better tought-out SW books, there is an interesting tie-in with the New Jedi Order.  The avian Jedi Vergere seems to be the same being as the one who saves Mara in book three or four of the NJO.  A great reference (hopefully it will be developed more at a later date- apparently not _all_ the Jedi were killed by Vader, Ben and Yoda the other obvious exeptions) that leaves a nice open end for a future author to work with.  Hard-core fans such as myself can appreciate the tie-in - those who catch it that is!  Enjoy.
B00003CXSM|3.0|I REALLY wanted to see this film when it came out in the theaters, and then anxiously awaited its release on DVD.  the movie looks like something that was perfect for me.  I am a passionate fan of romantic comedies, and I have enjoyed Jennifer Lopez in nearly all her films.<br />The good news is that she was fine in this movie.  She was cute as a button, charming, convincing, and someone you really come to care for and feel with as a character.  The bad news is that the screenplay really hurt the movie as a whole.<br />There is a traditional way of doing romantic comedies.  Boy (or girl) meets girl (or boy).  Boy gets girl.  Boy loses girl.  Boy gets girl back.  In recent years, filmmakers haven't been content with this formula, but instead want to keep us on our toes about that final &quot;Boy gets girl back.&quot;  The film that really solidified this for us in recent years was MY BEST FRIEND'S WEDDING.  And I suspect that the screenwriters of THE WEDDING PLANNING imagined that we had all seen that &quot;other&quot; wedding movie (though FORCES OF NATURE, a much lesser film, also plays a number of variations on the traditional wedding comedy).  Yet another wedding comedy, THE RUNAWAY BRIDE, also engages in some of this &quot;Do the guy and girl really get together in the end&quot; revisionism.<br />This attempt to keep us on our toes seems to be to be a major mistake.  The point of a formula like &quot;Boy meets girl, etc.&quot; is seeing how well the screenplay and director deal with the limitations imposed by that formula.  In the greatest romantic comedies, the ingenuity in dealing with how the couple inevitably get back together is at least part of the delight of the movie.  Compare these recent wedding movies with THE PALM BEACH STORY or THE PHILADELPHIA STORY or THE AWFUL TRUTH or THE LADY EVE or IT HAPPENED ONE NIGHT.  But more recently the trend has been to shake up the genre itself.  THE WEDDING PLANNER, therefore, becomes Girl Meets Boy, Girl Loses Boy, Girl Nearly Gets Boy Back, Girl Decides to Get Another Guy, Guy Decides to Stick with His Original Girl, etc., etc.  The film gets very messy with the result that through the last half of this film, I was seriously stressed about who was going to end up with whom, and was starting to feel pain for whoever was going to get hurt (and the fact that no one gets hurt in this film lends to the overall artificiality of the plot).<br />By the end of the film, I found myself not caring who ended up with whom, but instead just didn't want anyone to get hurt.  And I felt that neither the getting together nor the not getting hurt were handled well.<br />The effect of this film is (1) to make me hope Jennifer Lopez does more, and better, comedies in the future and (2) that those writing screenplays for romantic comedies go back and study some of the old classics, and give some serious thought as to why they were so successful.oy, Girl Nearly Gets Boy Back, Girl Decides to Get Another Guy, Guy Decides to Stick with His Original Girl, etc., etc.  The film gets very messy with the result that through the last half of this film, I was seriously stressed about who was going to end up with whom, and was starting to feel pain for whoever was going to get hurt (and the fact that no one gets hurt in this film lends to the overall artificiality of the plot).<br />By the end of the film, I found myself not caring who ended up with whom, but instead just didn't want anyone to get hurt.  And I felt that neither the getting together nor the not getting hurt were handled well.<br />The effect of this film is (1) to make me hope Jennifer Lopez does more, and better, comedies in the future and (2) that those writing screenplays for romantic comedies go back and study some of the old classics, and give some serious thought as to why they were so successful.
0792839625|2.0|O.K. Picture this... you're a Hollywood director and you're going to make a film adaption of a smash Broadway musical about a Broadway musical and further adapt it so it rides the crest of a bunch of '80s pop culture dance movies... the only problem is, you want the movie to have a bunch of &quot;Flashdance&quot; style crossover hits, and the smash hit tunes in the Broadway musical... well, they're too broadwayish for your taste... so what do you do...?  How about this - - cut 'em out... replace them with a few feeble attempts at'80s pop radio crossover then take other tunes and dance numbers and have them actually written as dialogue or start them for a few seconds and fade to another scene... and voila... there you have it... Friends...if you're buying this film to see your favorite  numbers fromt he musical, flip a coin, they may or may not be there.  A few are...in fact, I'd probably give the film only one star if it weren't for the fact that atleast they left &quot;T*ts and *ss&quot; and &quot;Nothing&quot; relatively untouched... &quot;At The Ballet&quot; is there, but the 0-value production values hurt not help even the best numbers in this film. - - If you really want to experience the musical, either pray for a Broadway revival or go out and get the FANTASTIC soundtrack... and if you happen to be into '80s pop culture, go out and rent FAME or FLASHDANCE... both are infinitely better !...
B00003CY5H|5.0|You can't loose with such brilliant acting.  Edward Norton shows his outstanding capability playing two roles.  One, being a young show off criminal expert who knows he's ready for anything that comes his way, and the other a slow janitor that he uses as an act to scope out the area on the big score. Which he plays so well you'll start to feel sorry for him just as if he really was mentally disabled.  While Robert De Niro plays his criminal role with a little slice of lemon sparking his character one step up from your average jewel thief.  And Marlon Brando's talent takes his character back and forth from a straight shooting serious to often times a comedic old time criminal.      Not only was &quot;The Score&quot; acted by a triple dose of film talent, it was also written by a nice trio of screen writers: Kario Salem (Don King: Only in America), Lem Dobbs (The Limey), and Scott Marshall Smith (Men of Honor).  They really took great characters and were able give them interesting motives which really is what makes this film so much different than other jewel theif type movies. With the directing of Frank Oz giving us a good jazzy sound and a dark feeling sets the overall tone perfectly.
B000001FS3|5.0|This album represents the peak of a group that has since failed to equal the sheer awesomeness of &quot;The Joshua Tree&quot;. Not only is this album U2's best, it is quite possibly the best album of the 1980's. In many ways, it is not surprising that U2 has never equalled or surpassed the quality of this album. But it also dissapoints me that a group who could produce music of this calibre records albums like &quot;Zooropa&quot; and &quot;Pop&quot; which are abysmal. &quot;All that You Can't Leave Behind&quot; is an improvement but still contains some pretty lousy tracks. &quot;The Joshua Tree&quot; is a testament to musical greatness in the field of rock music.
014028009X|1.0|I read the reviews of this book, and saw the ads for the movie. What a disappointment.  This is a badly written book when you look beyond the 'cleverness' of the diary theme.  It has a MAJOR plot flaw, the most unattractive female 'heroine' in history - and not just because she thinks she's overweight, drinks and smokes too much.  She is BORING!!!  Sure, you can laugh throughout the story, but then you could laugh at someone falling down an escalator, or someone with a mental or physical disability.  The characters are shallow.  The story is patchy.  How anyone could find this woman attractive - mentally, physically or philosophically is a mystery to me.  She is bland, self-indulgent, inconsiderate and - quite simply - unbelievably boring.  We've all done things in our lives that make us cringe with embarrassment, but somewhere (hopefully) we've excelled at something, and given something to someone else.  Bridget does ABSOLUTELY NOTHING [...].  I guess you could say that I found this book totally over-rated - and, yes, I do have a sense of humour, but it's not masochistic or centred on self-indulgent navel gazing.  Oops!  Another piece of fluff to put in the bin.
B00005ATQE|4.0|The first half of this Vietnam picture takes place in boot camp and those scenes only last 42 minutes. There is a lot of talk about this film and other war movies, but this is a character-driven masterpiece in smaller way, and it has perhaps the best anti-war plea in the form of Private Pyle and his climatic condition. Ex-D.I. Ermey is no Jack Webb-he is just a whole lot better. A shocking, ironically twisted black comedy that isn't faithful to Hasfard when it doesn't need to be.
0452281881|5.0|What an interesting way to write a book!!  I found this book to be hilarious, and dead-on.  I love that it takes place in London too.  Beaumont paints his characters vividly right away, you love some and hate some.  More catchy than a soap opera or Real World and funny the whole time.
B00005B36H|4.0|A Lyrical masterpiece, but not a musical god.  Undertow had the anger in the music and the lyrics.  Lateralus has angry lyrics somewhat, more meaningful.  I didnt hear anysongs like nema, other than The Grudge, I didnt hear anysongs that were powerful and shorter like Stinkfist, and i didnt hear much stuff like Sober, with the meaningful screaming.  I cant listen to Schism because its overplayed on the radio. Tool was better underground.. Listen to Opiate.
B00003CY5H|5.0|The movie starts a some what slow but moves into high gear.  Get action and  suspense.  Great Acting by both DeNiro/ Ed Norton.  Great acting!!
B000001FY9|4.0|I wouldn't call this a favourite album of mine, but it's still really cool. I like most of the songs, but it is kind of poppy and they're are a lot of other great Marley tunes that he wrote. Definately worth a listen.
0871137380|5.0|Apparently this riveting, exhausting, highly detailed account of the incredible battle between 90 or so Rangers, Delta Force, SEALS &amp; others and thousands of well-armed Somalis in Mogadishu IS required reading in many military circles and schools.  It should be given to every Congressman and White House aid &amp; staffer and consultant as well, before they cavalierly send troops into the 3rd World or elsewhere without really thinking-through what they want them to do when they get there, and what the ultimate cost of such actions becomes.<br />I doubt that I am alone in my ignorance of what an incredible firefight went down in Mog back then.  I saw the ghastly images repeatedly shown of dead Americans being dragged and abused through the streets, but I had no idea of the numbers of troops and enemy engaged and the hellish fight that took place and the terrible toll taken in total dead and wounded on both sides.<br />Mark Bowden brings it incredibly alive in his minute by minute chronological retelling of what developed into an Alamo-like stand in the dust and heat of a large African city.  He captures the intensity and confusion of combat, the constant shift between fear, panic, heroism, paralysis and back again in the ever deepening mess of the operation.  Through extensive research and interviewing of the combatants he brings it all up close and in your face.  And, he had the good graces to go back to Mogadishu and interview the Somalis for their point of view.<br />He presents a stirring tribute to the men who did the fighting.  He justly brings to our attention the courage and sacrifice, as well as the screw-ups, of the men on the ground in the thick of it.  He has no axe to grind and his effort is true reporting, presenting the facts vividly and as accurately as possible.<br />In the Epilogue and Afterword, Bowden gives some opinions about the lessons to be learned from this disaster.  I pretty much agree with them, and applaud his avoidance of tarring theleadership or anyone else with a broad brush of blame and bad motives.  On the contrary, he sees that in the effort in Somalia, everyone was basically trying to do the right thing, but things went terribly wrong anyway.<br />The short lesson from this venture is an old adage we should try to remember in the future &quot;The road to Hell is paved with good intentions&quot;.  These boys knew they were part of the most awsome military might ever created....but they and we learn in this account that even that great power has its limits.  Pray we remember this.
0790738139|5.0|And no, that's not hype. It's a truism. The look, feel, and soundtrack that the movie emplores is so rich period detail and flavor that those elements alone sold the film to me. However, riveting action scenes, super performances (all around, I like all of them-well, especially, Basinger, Crowe, and Spacey), a good dose of mysterious suspense, subtle black humor, and a large array of convoluted plot turns were equally excellent. The film curiously avoids gore, racial slurs, and sick male humor (a la RESERVOIR DOGS and GOODFELLAS), but that just makes it more unique and authentic. Easily the finest crime film ever and I don't mean to bash the classics like MALTESE FALCON, DOUBLE INDEMNITY, or CRISSCROSS. Yet those classic gems had a large influence on this modern movie with a lovingly nostalgic feel-and everyone should see it. The film is rated R (appropriately), for partial nudity, adult situations, suggested sex, torture, adult themes, drug content, sexuality, profanity, and extreme graphic violence and murder (everything those classics wanted to show but couldn't). WARNING: I've never seen this many on-screen murders and torture scenes in my life.
0743200799|5.0|I first learned about this book after I saw Apollo 13. I was inspired by Kranz's (Ed Harris in the movie) zealousness to bring our asronaughts home. I then purchased this book. As I got into it I found that I could not put the book down.. There is NEVER A DULL MOMENT.. somthing always seems to go haywire.. and when it does, The good ol boys at mission control with the skill of the astronaughts do their damnest to fix it. a Truly awe inspireing book not only for space buffs but for any one who needs a good pick er upper. A true tribute to our Space Program. Kranz inspired by Kennedy's words &quot;ask not what your country can do for you .. ask you can do for your country&quot; and &quot;We choose to go to the moon - in this decade and do the other things, not because they are easy but because they are hard.&quot; A true Patriot Kranz is. I wish there were more people like Gene Kranz out there. I salute you Gene Kranz!
B00003CX8V|4.0|The question that comes to mind after seeing this is... why is it such a good movie? The plot is fairly predictable and a bit stiff. The setting has, in some ways, badly dated -- it's been a long time since people who knew each other more than five minutes still said &quot;Mr.&quot; and &quot;Miss.&quot; The office tribulations of white alpha-male wanna-bes don't get much sympathy these days. The secondary roles (nosy secretary, brassy switchboard operator, Oy Vey Jewish doctor, rough cabbie) are exaggerated &quot;Character&quot; parts with a capital C. The office sequences look as though they were lifted from New Yorker cartoons: the Christmas Party, the New Office (complete with handlettered door), etc. And how Baxter disposes of his hat definitely wouldn't cut it today.<br />But this is a sneaky movie, that turns from light comedy to surprisingly hefty drama and back again with ease. Its saving grace is the interaction between the leads, as written and especially as performed by Lemmon and MacLaine. I was never a big fan of either, but both have real range here, and it isn't the funny moments that you'll come away with. Lemmon in particular shows malleability by taking a dweeb and slowly revealing his depth of character. The loneliness of living in NYC is conveyed perfectly (some things don't change). (One little wince for New Yorkers is that &quot;cozy&quot; brownstone bachelor pad &quot;in the West 60s.&quot; You can bet C.C. Baxter isn't living in it now, and I wonder if he would have had it then.) <br />The other star of the movie is Wilder's cinematography, which wrings every bit of composition possible with a wide screen and black and white film, and uses it directly to the purpose of the story. Forget color -- when you have as sure a hand behind the camera as in this movie, the results are absolutely captivating. I'm not sure why there are complaints about the DVD transfer -- it's crisp, with a full tonal range and good detail on a demanding LCD screen. There are no extras, but you won't miss them with a movie this good.<br />Neither a hyper-realistic drama nor a knee-slapping comedy, but satisfying because of its humanity. Even if you see it coming, you'll be surprised how the ending can grab you.
0345350499|5.0|This is an amazing tale of the women behind the scenes of the Authurian legends. Not only does this book give these women substance and strong characters it also defines the characters of the men behind the legends. All in all the book makes the legends seem less fantasic and more painfully real. The book is full of magic, love, loss, and hope. This book has been one of the best books I have ever read!
B00003ETJQ|5.0|What is this a 2 and 3 star review!!! Obviously the world has a lot to learn before they can give this masterpiece the credit it deserves.  Ladies and Gentlemen I cannot stress enough the urgency with which you must purchase this dvd if you haven't already done so.  This is simply one of the most awe-inspring things I have ever come across in my 19 years on this planet.  It is on repeat in my household.  In a just world Baraka would be more widely known and praised.  But as is it remains a concealed jewel to be uncovered at your leisure.
0060925000|4.0|I loved this book, but I do feel it would have found a wider audience if it had been cut by its editor.  The book gives a wonderful survey of the first years after Independence.  It follows several families from different communities.  I often had to look back to see who belonged to which family.  The author describes India's growing pains with intelligence and stays unbiased, something unusual in this large, multi-religous country. I do think it would have benefited by cutting some of the Parliamentary debates and the long explanations on manufacturing shoes. I also think a glossary would have helped.  I lived in India for a few years and there were words I was not familar with. An explanation of what some of the holidays are would also be helpful.  I was not familar with all of them.   It is very welll written and I am glad I perservered.
B000002H2H|5.0|Before the Balck Album, before ...And Justice for All, before Mster, there was Ride the Lightning a dark album filled with apocolyptic visions and haunting scenes of death.  Dave Mustaine who was ousted from the band prior to this record's release wrote two of the songs on this one : the title track and Call of the Ktulu.  You'll know right away if your into this album by the opening minutes of the classic Fight Fire with Fire, by that time I was hooked.  Metallica really matured between Kill 'Em all and Ride the Lightning not just lyric wise but musically.  They dared to write an  acoustic tune : Fade to Black that still  freezes my blood after all these years.  The album also contains the great For whom the Bell Tolls, a song wich alot of bands have covered but have never really matched in pure intensity.  Metallica clearly wouldn't limit themselves to being juts another thrash metal band and quickly broke that label with this album, more mature yet just as heavy as they're debut.  This was a deep breath before they unleashed a monster upon the world...
B000002BE9|4.0|i love sleep to dream, criminal, and nothing is a promise! the other songs i don't really care for though....
0553277472|5.0|This book is great if you are on the edge of a great depression. If you want to spend some time on your own and investigate the innerworkings of your own mind, try giving a shot to ZaMM. The novel is about man taking a journey with his son and friends. However, the background of this journey is decorated with philosophical motifs, and the autobiographical nature of the novel gives the reader a chance to take a look at the background of the author. At some point throughout the book, philosophical approaches and definitions make the book very hard to read. At those times, leave the book aside and try reading it at some other time. I believe that the book is somehow about the second chances, thus give reading it a second try. It does WORTH the pain!!!!
B00000DFSK|5.0|This is one of the greatest CD's of all time. It has a lot of the songs from the 80's that made U2 stars. Some of my favorites are &quot;Pride&quot;, &quot;Sweetest Thing&quot;, &quot;Bloody Sunday&quot;, &quot;Where the Streets Have No Name&quot;, &quot;Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For&quot;, and my all time U2 favorite &quot;With or Without You.&quot;<br />If you buy this CD you will not be disapointed. Nowadays many CD's only have 2 or 3 songs that people actually like, while this one has at least 6.<br />If you like U2, this CD is a must have!
B000002H33|5.0|One of the best metal albums of all time, Master of Puppets is the album that would best define the genre.  After releasing Ride the Lightning, Metallica decided to team up with Flemming Rasmusen yet again to produce Master, and quite litteraly took over the world.  This is a metal fan's dream come true, I mean this album opens up with Battery : a thrash classic that begins with a beautiful classic guitar intro.  Then onto the title track, an eight minute long epic filled with enough solos and crunshing guitar work to put a permanent smile on any metal heand's face. My favorite song off here is Sanitarium, wich tells the sad tale of metal patients who are locked up in cells rather than treated or helped.  The only breather you get on this album, to soothe the pounding in your head is track 7 : Orion, an instrumental that stands the test of time as beeing one of the most incredible pieces of music ever written.  This song was played at Cliff Burton's funeral, after he died in a car accident.  The song brings tears to my eyes whenever I hear it.  There really is no bad track to be found on this work of art, and believe me you get a great record that you will enjoy till the end of your days.  You don't have to love metal to love this album, though it would help if you are into heavy music (I don't mean Limp Bizkit).  This is the best album to buy if your new to Metallica, great introduction to a band that changed the face of heavy music.  (RIP CLIFF!!!!!)
B000002KHH|5.0|I LOVE this album and recommend it to any metal heads, young or old!
0393038912|4.0|I'm cynical about everything, but Diamond proposes good thoughts all  Still there are leaps in logic not sufficiently explained.  If we take his facts as given, his arguments why some cultures readily absorbed more advanced culture's advantageous factors, while others did not is thin at best and lacking any empiricism.  His explanation is that such cultures either were resistant to change or preferred their own cultures limited state to the other cultures advancements.  ????  For my rebuttal I defer to Mrs. Gump: &quot;Stupid is as stupid does.&quot;  While the author's goal is to discount genetic differences for causation, he immediately contradicts himself saying that natives of New Guinea are genetically smarter than Europeans due to two factors: 1] In populous societies inferior intellects are able to breed diluting the racial genetic intelligence, while in small primitive societies only superior intellects breed, and 2] Westerners further diminish thinking skills by watching so much TV, while primitive societies must think constantly [p 18-20].  Thank you Mr. Diamond!  You just proved natural selection for Homo sapiens and negated your premise for the whole book in the first chapter!  Maybe advancement has nothing to do with creating a factor for advancement, but having the common sense [intelligence?] to recognize a good thing and improve it?  The Japanese may be the prime example.  In the past millennia they've snookered Eastern and Western societies.  Things that make you say hmmmmm...  Good book, but find an editor that won't let you invalidate the whole thing:-)
1577311523|5.0|The most profound &quot;How To&quot; book on meditation I have ever read. Mr. Tolle speaks from personal experience as he guides the reader into a deeper encounter with one's own spiritual essence.  Then, he lays the groundwork for both reaching a higher conciousness, and bringing hightend awareness into everyday living. Reading this book and listening to it on tape, have been wonderfully powerful and, most rewarding.
B0000028M7|5.0|C'mon people when Layne asks the question : What's my drug of choice in the song Junkhead were we really surprised to hear him answer: well what have you got?  This is just a sample of the dark and tormented cries you'll be subjected to while hearing this recording, I think I'm right to say it was the darkest album of the decade, maybe ever.  Dirt gives you everything a great rock or metal record should : amazing guitar work, powerful drum beats and that pounding bass.  Layne's voice is unique (just like OZzy's heh heh) and listening to him sing about his heroin addiction song after song touches me deeply and it hurts.  The album opener is Them Bones, a heavy track that will get you banging your head in no time, followed by Damn that River another great tune, hold on a sec this album is about to get awhole lot darker.  Rain when I die, Sickman, Rooster, Junhead just by reading the titles you know these guys have hurt especially Layne. These guys cam write great songs, just listen to an extract from such songs as Down in a hole :&quot;See my heart I decorate it like a grave&quot;, very haunting yet distrubingly beautiful and poetic.  Listening to Dirt is even sadder nowadays, Layne's ongoing heroin abuse continued and later on destroyed the band, wich makes the irony of Would? (the album's closer) even greater.  The final track asks a simple question, is response to Layne's :&quot;Have I run too far to get home? &quot;(during Would?) my answer is yes, and every AIC fan wishes you the best of luck.
B00005AFVR|5.0|I watched the HBO special and thought it was the best televised concert i had ever seen....Hard to believe they can still crank out that kind of power and energy after all those years, but then again, they could probably do it in their sleep....The song, Land Of Hope and DReams has to be one of the top songs Springsteens' ever done....That song is Bruce Springsteen!!
0393038912|4.0|I'm cynical about everything, but Diamond proposes good thoughts.  Still there are leaps in logic not sufficiently explained.  If we take his facts as given, his arguments why some cultures readily absorbed more advanced culture's advantageous factors, while others did not is thin at best and lacking any empiricism.  His explanation is that such cultures either were resistant to change or preferred their own cultures limited state to the other cultures advancements.  ????  For my rebuttal I defer to Mrs. Gump: &quot;Stupid is as stupid does.&quot;  While the author's goal is to discount genetic differences for causation, he immediately contradicts himself saying that natives of New Guinea are genetically smarter than Europeans due to two factors: 1] In populous societies inferior intellects are able to breed diluting the racial genetic intelligence, while in small primitive societies only superior intellects breed, and 2] Westerners further diminish thinking skills by watching so much TV, while primitive societies must think constantly [p 18-20].  Thank you Mr. Diamond!  You just proved natural selection for Homo sapiens and negated your premise for the whole book in the first chapter!  Maybe advancement has nothing to do with creating a factor for advancement, but having the common sense [intelligence?] to recognize a good thing and improve it?  The Japanese may be the prime example.  In the past millennia they've snookered Eastern and Western societies.  Things that make you say hmmmmm...  Good book, but find an editor that won't let you invalidate the whole thing:-)
B00005B36H|5.0|Tool, in the first place, cannot be described merely in a few words. They are the most artistic and opinionated heavy metal (i say heavy metal because that is the only genre of music that they are even close to being) band in the history of rock and roll so far. Tool's first three albums have shown this and Aenima marked their acceptance into the big music scene. Now, finally, after a 5 year wait, here is Lateralus---their masterpiece. THe packaging was unique, but I wanted to hear the music before any judgements were made on my part. It starts off with The Grudge, a powerhouse of heavy riffs and towards the end, a scream filled with primal rage coming deep from within Maynard. The rest of the CD continues to flow beautifully, even though the songs all contrast (except Parabol and Parabola) in texture and meaning. Schism is much different than any of the songs Tool has ever recorded because it has a lot of bass and guitar interaction and Maynard's voice takes on a new form and seems to be far more mature than it was on any of the songs on Opiate. Tool has finally made a landmark for themselves and for rock history---Lateralus is the Dark Side of the Moon of the 21st century, no questions asked.
6303481272|5.0|Ninja scroll is a great movie, a pure classic. IT has a great story and a good character history.  The main character is the Japanese Legend Jubei Kibagani, who is going up against the 8 devils of Kimon.  While traveling while wonderingJubei stumbles upon a woman who is being raped. Jubei teams up with her and an old talented goverment spy, to kill Jubei's nemisses Gemma.  And stop a shipment of gold  to spain.
B000000WF0|5.0|What a display of human emotion, if you can't relate to the pain of the song writer in some way or another you either don't have a brain or a heart!
B00000DFRS|5.0|I grew up on her music so when I saw this album I just had to get it it's her best since the amazing bodygaurd album every song on here except &quot;Heartbreak hotel&quot;.She has hired Rodney Jerkins to help give her a new sound but she did not abandon her old sound she had Diane Warren write 3 songs and babyface wrote 1.<br />it's not right but it's okay-wrriten and produced by Rodney Jerkins this is pretty good with a nice beat<br />heart break hotel- i don't like this 1<br />my love is your love-wrriten by wycleaf jean this 1 is nice it's not slow but it's relaxing to listen to<br />when you believe-this is a beautiful song mariah carey's 7 octave voice gives this song exactly what it needs they both sound great here <br />if i told you that-this has the best beat I love this song it's great to dance to<br />in my buisness-this is a great song missy gives it the raw edge it needs she wrot and produced it to missy did a good job<br />i learned from the best-this is a great song Diane Warren who is the greates wrriter of all time did great on this<br />oh yes-missy elliot wrote and produced this song this is a nice ballad <br />get it back-wrriten and produced by rodney jerkins this song is good but there's nothing speacial about it<br />until you come back-wrriten and produced by her old partney babyface this the old whitney this is a beautiful ballad i love this song<br />i bow out-Diane warren wrote this 1 also and did a good job on it it has a great beat<br />you'll never stand alone-the best song on the whole cd wrriten by diane warren she did a beautiful job this is a beautiful ballad<br />get this cd you will love it
B00000IQC8|1.0|I got this movie with the intention of seeing a comedy classic.  The ridiculous amount of praise it received persuaded me into it.  Not even a $27,000 budget is a good enough excuse for this piece of garbage.  It's amazing that Smith wasn't permanently outcast from the film-making industry.  I can't even begin to fathom a producer seeing this and thinking &quot;Wow, I'd like to give this genious more money to make another movie.&quot;  <br />You know, folks, just because a movie is low-budget and avant-garde, it doesn't necessarily mean its good.<br />Hey, its not Smith's fault that his actors have the all the pizzazz of my introductory drama class in middle school, right?  It is his fault, however, that he wrote a script that could have been pulled off by a fifth grader who was just taught a lot of dirty words.<br />Please, PLEASE... avoid this movie like the plague.
