B001W63DXC|5.0|If you're an Iron Maiden fan, you'll love this CD.  The band sounds great.  It's also a great value considering it's a 2-disc CD.
B0029O08WA|1.0|This CD is a festering turd of a soundtrack. I'm very ecclectic in my music tastes, but felt the selections on this soundtrack were awkward and reminiscent of the score from 2002's 'Punch-Drunk Love' starring Adam Sandler. Ick! If you loved the Twilight soundtrack, do yourself a favor and don't buy this one. I'll probably sell my copy for [...] on Craigslist to some over-obsessed 13 year-old and cut my losses.
B002VKE1K2|3.0|This movie is about a night invisible demon stalker. Young woman confides she has had previous experiences of paranormal activity in other circumstances at other locations, so this is not a haunted or possessed house story. Couple decide to catch the evil in action by letting the camera run at night when everyone is asleep in bed. There is an exploration of what the entity could be and how it is to be defined. But we never see it.  We do hear it and see it's trails, but the action is induced by the young couple and things that could easily be explained by effect work. There is no sighting of any kind, and the only clue is from an illustration in a book of research in demonology. The scares are there for those who want to be scared, but it does not drag you in, and unless you are in the mood, it probably will not scare you, whatever happens.<br />The concept is cool, but the filming looks staged rather than spontaneous true caught on tape photography we would hope. The major downfall is the lame ending, as if they didn't know how to end it, but give it one last bang by ultimate violence. The only thing that was slightly creepy to me was the demon tracks made in the night by powder carefully placed on the floor prior to sleeping. At this point, however, if were me at this place, I probably would not still be in the bedroom.
B000YRY8BG|5.0|This is one of the best things I've seen on television- ever.  The story, the acting, the action, the filming- all first rate. I have to admit that I thought the end was a little contrived, but when I gave it more than a moment's thought,  I realized that a man could be \\"a woman scorned\\" and end up shooting himself in the foot while trying to get revenge for the wrong done to him by others.
B00110K62U|4.0|If you know the music of Les Mis, and want to appreciate the songs themselves, only, this is a superb buy. But it is NOT the play. I have made this mistake twice. I do think that the \\"10th Anniversary Dream Cast in Concert\\" could easily be taken to mean that this is a film of the play itself which it is NOT. Perhaps they should change the wording. I feel a bit duped, and now can't seem to find this performance on DVD anywhere; a pity, it's a long way to London for us!
0307266303|5.0|Born to Run is a not a book-book.  It is a revelation in less than 300 pages -- equal parts adventure tale, brilliant display of critical thinking, anthropological fascinator, and how-to-manual not just for life, but life with purpose, awareness of other cultures and our place among them, and pure, primeval joie de vivre.  You need not be a runner or athlete to enrich your life with these tales, larger-than-life characters (all of them real, and supremely alive), and chilling insights into how far we have come from what we are supposed to be.  But if you are one, it would be especially sad for you to miss it.  If the book does not make you want to get out of you carrel, hit the \\"off\\" switch on your remote, and RUN --and run on dirt, like an Indian chasing his next meal -- you may well already be dead.  The book will change you.  If that is scary, do not begin reading it.  Because, like the sirens' song, a few paragraphs in, and you'll be sucked in for good.  Truly, for good.
B000001ELB|4.0|Peter Criss, Ace Frehley, Gene Simmons, and Paul Stanley, collectively known as KISS, found themselves at a crossroads in the late 1970's.  The band had achieved amazing success, but they were beginning to lose focus as a group.  In order to keep all parties involved happy, it was decided that KISS would take a break after releasing \\"Double Platinum\\" in April of 1978 and then four solo albums in September of that same year.<br /><br />\\"Double Platinum\\" features a new recording of \\"Strutter\\" that is entitled \\"Strutter '78\\" and a collection of tracks (some remixed) from all of KISS' studio albums recorded between 1974 and 1977.  Many KISS fans argue over whether or not \\"Strutter\\" and the remixed tunes should have been messed with for this greatest hits package.  To be quite honest, the new recording of \\"Strutter\\" is actually pretty good and only loyal KISS fans will be able to pick out the changes in the remixed songs.<br /><br />Personal favorites included on this album are \\"Love Gun,\\" \\"Beth,\\" and the remix of \\"Black Diamond.\\"  Also of note is \\"Makin' Love.\\"<br /><br />I like to tote \\"Double Platinum\\" with me on the road because it's one of the best collections of KISS music found on one disc.  I really do not mind listening to the remixes since most of them include only minor changes.  I also feel that if current fans have friends or youngsters who are showing interest in KISS, then they should buy them a copy of \\"Double Platinum.\\"  It gives new listeners a glimpse at KISS at the top of their game and reminds loyal fans just how great the original group sounded.<br /><br />Highly recommended to new listeners.  Older KISS fans probably already have this album.  As I've already stated, though, older fans like myself will probably enjoy it for the simple fact that it has twenty of KISS' best tunes on one disc.
6304712499|1.0|Great if you like random special effects that almost lead to nowhere, overblown production, alot of noise, and a bothersome unfunny clown that laughs at his own clueless jokes. One sickening pizza scene will make you think twice about when to eat when you decide to watch this movie. Even the dialogue seems forced. Spawn fans may be ultimately forgiving, one way or the other.
0783225547|5.0|Watching Dante's Peake is like watching the Wizard of Oz.  People snuggle down on the couch with a batch of popcorn and watch at least once or twice a year.  It is a simple enjoyable movie plot about a town in denial, a single mother with children who falls in love with the geologist come to save them all.  There are funny, romantic, and scary scenes and even though we memorized the plot, our hearts still speed up at the frightening parts.
B000W04S6U|5.0|Purchased the Halo 3 soundtrack for my son's 13th birthday.  He loves the musical arrangements and listens to the CD's frequently....very frequently...He will probably want me to look for sheet music next :)
B001ED7C58|5.0|I rarely buy soundtracks, but this one turned out to be better than I hoped for.  Nearly every song on the CD is above average.  This is not just for teenagers; I'm 56 years old, and found all the music very appealing and high energy.
B000KJU1HI|5.0|...worth the price of the set. Believe me, you will get as much enjoyment out of the performances on the 2nd DVD that you did the movie on the first.
0439023491|4.0|Catching Fire, the second installment of the Hunger Games series, may be even more riveting than the first novel in the series. The story continues as heroine Katniss and her boyfriend Peeta embark on a victory tour following their unprecedented success in the last annual fight-to-the-death contest known as the Hunger Games. A threatening message from the Captitol's diabolical President Snow and evidence of growing civil unrest in some of the twelve Districts, however, convince Katniss that her and Peeta's lives depend on their ability to continue posing as lovers and negating the Capitol's perception that they are catalysts for a coming rebellion. Complicating things are Katniss's unrequited love for childhood friend Gale, and the irreconcilable conflict between her desire to fight back against the Capitol on the one hand and her obligation to protect Peeta, her friends and family on the other. The plot thickens when the rules for the seventy-fifth Hunger Games are announced, making it inevitable that Katniss and the past victors from the other Districts will be summoned to the arena one more time.<br /><br />Suzanne Collins continues to display a mastery for rendering heart-and-mind-rending ethical dilemmas, and, except for a few slower chapters in the middle, manages to sustain the same high suspense that made the The Hunger Games so compelling. The clear, unadorned writing style, while accessable to teens, is sophisticated enough for older readers. As proven by Harry Potter, the ability to connect with such as wide audience is a winning formula. And this trilogy has the creative post-apocalyptic setting, likeable characters, and intellectual substance to make it a worthy candidate for a movie franchise and legion of devoted fans of all ages.
B001VPJZOK|3.0|A mystery comes back from the grave in this funny comedy about a<br />young reporter trying to prove an English Lord is a serial killer.<br />The spirit/ ghost of a newsman comes back from the dead<br />after meeting a dead secretary who says she was poisoned by<br />her employer.<br />The young blond American falls for the Englishman<br />and thinks until the end that<br />he is innocent...<br />Woody Allen is a ham and one wonders how a silly fellow like him<br />keeps getting clunkers filmed?<br />Some of the laughs actually come off,<br />Woody Allen can't stop making side comments about the leading lady<br />that just detract from the film.<br />Still this is a better film than [[ASIN:6305291470 Mighty Aphrodite]].
B002P7UCMC|5.0|Finally, a Rammstein album that doesn't disappoint.  Reise, Reise had its moments, but ultimately fell short (but the songs sounded better on Volkerball).  Rosenrot may have had fantastic cover art, but that was about it.  Because of these shortfalls and the lackluster sound of 'Pussy,' the first single, I was close to not buying the album without hearing it.  However, I bought it anyway, hoping for the best.    From the opening moments, this album hits you like a brick to the face.  It has all the punch and swagger of Sehnsucht and Mutter, combined with Rammstein's fantastic ability to add operatic, over the top depth to make this the best album the band has put out in years.    Liebe Ist Für Alle Da starts out with 'Rammlied,' a heavy punchy song reminiscent of 'Rammstein.'  It begins with an eery choir track, but quickly punches the listener in the ear with driving bass and guitar.  This song takes the sound of many Herzeleid songs and takes it to a heavier place.    The album moves on to what can be considered the peak of the album, 'Ich Tu Dir Weh.'  This song is heavy, operatic, and makes 'Sonne' sound like a whisper.  This is, most likely, the best song on the album, and should be considered one of the better songs Rammstein has released.  If you only download one song from this album, make it 'Ich Tu Dir Weh.'    The rest of the album contains some very heavy industrial sounding tracks, which will take the listener to the days before Reise, Reise.  The highlights of the Liebe Ist Für Alle Da are 'Rammlied,' 'Ich Tu Dir Weh,' 'Waidemann's Heil,' 'Haifish,' and 'Frühling in Paris,' which provides a break from the driving industrial sounds of the rest of the album, without losing the overall bite of the album.    If you've given up on Rammstein because of their past two albums, give Liebe Ist Für Alle Da a listen.  It's a rewarding experience for any Rammstein fan who has been waiting since Mutter for another gem from the German sextet.
B002KVSJ64|1.0|Was really stoked for the album yet when listening to it I got bored really quickly. There is maybe one or two songs that are worth listening to but even then I can't get myself to listen to this album.
1592242863|5.0|Charles Darwin found his voice in this book. For all his tangled sentence structure and use of the passive voice, in the \\"Origin\\" his is a voice as one crying in the wilderness: a voice which desperately desires to be understood.<br /><br />While it is true that Darwin largely developed his theory within a vacuum, (Thomas Henry Huxley and Charles Lyell, and later, of course, Alfred Russell Wallace, among other sympathetic figures were let into the game) it is clear from reading his treatise that many hypothetical critics loomed large in Darwin's imagination during the entire period of its long gestation, beginning in 1838 with the analysis of the specimens collected by the Beagle and ending with his hasty rush of this \\"Abstract of an Abstract\\" to print November 24, 1859 (it was a Thursday.)<br /><br />For a confirmed bibliophile, it is a pleasure to read the serifed type font in which Victorian readers first thrilled (or were outraged) to the ideas therein contained. As if in a Jack Finney time-travel novel, one can find oneself transported back to 1859, when the first 1,500 copies of the Origin first pressed themselves into the Victorian mind. In such a reverie, one can cheer on Darwin in the pages of the Origin as if he were a contemporary of the modern reader. Which, from the point of view of deep evolutionary time, he is.
B000LE1GVW|5.0|Why isn't this young man a Superstar??? His voice is so unique, his songs so original, and he's ADORABLE!! I suppose he's a big star in his native Scotland, but I'm almost embarrassed that America hasn't embraced this guy in a huge way - he's that refreshing and fun and soulful. I also bought his new CD which has several songs that definitely reflect Paolo's roots. I strongly recommend this artist to any fan of the Singer/Songwriter genre.
0385504225|5.0|If you are fimiliar with \\"A Course in Miracles\\" you will probably get many \\"aha\\" moments like I did.  Well done, Dan. Keep up the good work.
B0029O08WA|3.0|I really, really wanted to love this.  Honestly.      To be fair, I have to say first that I am not at all a fan of indie music.  For that reason, this cd was incredibly disappointing for me.  It's bland, largely uninteresting, and all but a handful of tracks sound almost identical.  As a long time fan of the series, I do not feel that this cd captures the feel of New Moon at ALL.  They would have done much better to pay more attention to Stephenie Meyer's playlist and go with more actual thought provoking, interesting music rather than lots and lots of generic unemotional acoustic.  The Twilight soundtrack did a fantastic job of covering a wide spectrum of musical tastes while still connecting with the spirit of the story, and I guess I got a little spoiled by that because I expected the same high quality this time around.      The only good songs on this cd, in my opinion, are Meet Me On The Equinox, White Demon Love Song, I Belong To You, and the instrumental New Moon(The Meadow).  For a Twilight fan, the Muse song alone is worth the price of the cd in my opinion, so I DO recommend this cd.  However, don't expect it to be like the first soundtrack or you'll be seriously disappointed.      All in all, worth it for Twilight fans or fans of indie music but drastically disappointing in comparison with the first soundtrack.  I wouldn't hesitate to give it two stars if not for the fact that this is Twilight, and I hope that a couple of the songs at least will grow on me after I see them in the context of the movie.
1416523359|1.0|From this day on I swear that    1) I will never eavesdrop the couples and try to understand their private language  2) I will never be curious about the thoughts of a recently widowed wife.  3) I will finish all the books that I have started reading (If I can finish Lisey's Story, I can do it with any reading material)     For this moment of enlightenment let me express my gratitude to Mr. King. Thank you for taking back with Insomnia and Lisey's Story what you had given me with It and The Stand.
3527406018|5.0|There's not much to say, really. The package arrived in perfect conditions at the nearest post office.  As for the item itself, it's a good book on the subject.
B001XRLWPQ|5.0|I LOVE this show!!! Nathan Fillion and Stana Katic have great chemistry on screen, and their characters are quirky, funny, accessible, and intelligent. The story lines have drama, mystery, comedy, with the touching parental/family moment thrown in the gamut every now and then.     Fans of Firefly will enjoy seeing Fillion in this role. His comedic timing shines through.    The series centers around famed crime novelist Richard Castle (Fillion). Castle, a man's man, lives the charmed life with his 15 year old, straight-laced daughter and his good time-loving actress mother (Susan Sullivan) in their Manhattan apartment. Circumstances cause him to shadow, then team up with Det. Kate Beckett (Katic) and two other homicide detectives from the NYPD (Jon Huertas and Seamus Dever), and they solve the murders that come their way. Castle and Beckett butt heads, but Beckett can't deny that Castle's unique perspective as a crime novelist and his random collection of contacts (the NYC mayor, who he has on speed dial, mobsters, an expert in VooDoo, an appropriately evasive CIA agent, etc.) help solve crimes when the trail would have otherwise gone cold.     The clever and biting dialogue between Castle and Beckett brings to mind scenes from Hepburn and Tracy movies. Romantic tension does underlie the story lines, but for those of you who hate romance between the lead characters, don't worry the writers seem to understand that any actual romance would ruin the series. What's shown in episodes/story lines is snark and two people who are too proud to even admit they find the other attractive.    All in all, watch this show. If you don't want to invest in this whole season (yet), buy the pilot from Amazon on Demand and/or watch new episodes, Mondays @ 10/9c on ABC.    Thanks ABC and all the Castle cast and crew for such a refreshing and entertaining show!
B000A0GP4K|5.0|Loved it.  Loved the way it used film footage to show progression of Bob Dylan from early career to when he was just sick of everyone's bull crap.
B001PR0YBM|5.0|\\"Ponyo\\"<br />Directed by Hayao Miyazaki  (2008)<br />-----------------------------------------<br />I had the good fortune to see this film in a large, modern movie theatre, with a lot of little kids in the audience for a mid-afternoon matinee showing. It was a great movie, totally \\"age appropriate\\" for the enchanted five- and six-year olds, as well as their appreciative adult attendants. Miyazaki's films can sometimes be a little too weird or sinister for this age group, but this time he managed to temper his dark side a bit and make a film that still celebrates nature and respects its dangerous side, while not also creeping the bejeezus out of little viewers.<br /><br />The film is set by the oceanside, and this wave-washed setting affords Miyazaki many opportunities to evoke the power of the natural world, as well as to frequently overwhelm the viewer's senses. (It was gorgeous and evocative on the big screen; I wonder how much of this will translate to video...)  Although some of Miyazaki's older fans may grumble about him babying-down his material, \\"Ponyo\\" is clearly a great film, probably better than naysayers might think, and certainly one of the best films made for small children in the last twenty or thirty years. The character animation is a bit rough, but the backgrounds and overall design of the film are rich, sensual and majestic, and Miyazaki's key themes come through loud and clear. Highly recommended!  (Joe Sixpack, ReadThatAgain children's film reviews)
0810983915|4.0|My son loves this series, so I bought this one as soon as it came out.  I handed it to him at 5:30 pm and by bedtime he had already finished it!  That is a testament to how interesting and great these books are.  He told me that he thinks this one is the best in the series so far and that the dog is \\"really funny\\".      This book would probably be ideal for kids who don't really like to read.  The silly drawings are fun.  For my son, who devours books, I only wish these would last a little longer!
B002MAQSAC|5.0|This is a great book for teenagers.  It has an exciting plot that takes unusual turns.  It has terrific characters, some noble, some funny, some wierd.  It has some violence, as you would expect of a book with the word \\"battle\\" as its' middle name, but it is nerver over done nor put in unecessarily.  And no sex. I hate to doom it by saying I (a parent) approve of it, but I certainly do.  Well written and literate, it is a book I would recommend unhesitatingly to any teen or tween that loves to read.  Oh yes, one thing:  start with book one: the minute you get involved with the Olympians you'll want to read them all anyway.  You might as well read them in order.
B0028K3192|4.0|Maxwell never disappoints.  He represents what is missing from mainstream radio, someone with actual talent and the ability to put forth a project that is worth purchasing.  He is an artist that gives you a project that you can listen to with anticipation of what is coming next.  I am sure he has  responsibilities like all adults; however, I appreciate that he is not willing to compromise his art form for a buck.  If you haven't purchased this CD I encourage you to get it now or put it on your wish list.  He will continue to be a staple in my music collection.
B0029O08WA|4.0|I had preordered this, and was really looking forward to, I listened to song samples on Amazon yesterday, and was a bit disappointed, I guess I was expecting more of the first CD.  I received my CD today and have been playing it all morning, I do like it, right now I don't love it.  It is more darker in tone, which is because the book is darker.  It is not a real good idea to listen to the song samples on this one, the CD is better as you hear the whole thing.  I had read a review yesterday where someone said to let it grow on you, the comment was made why buy a CD to let it grow on you, in this case, I think this is true, let it grow on you, it really is not bad, and I like it more and more as I listen to it. Regardless, I will buy all music related to the Twilight movies.
0882709194|1.0|This is not the full version of the Origin of Species! This is an abridged version with a forward by infamous creationist Ray Comfort. It is intentionally deceptive in an attempt to discredit the actual science behind Darwin's now famous theory.    Do not purchase this, buy an unabridged, unaltered version.
0316017922|5.0|Outliers looks at the reasons why people are successful.  Mr. Gladwell goes behind the curtains and shows that while IQ is important, there are other key factors such as upbringing, culture, practical (or emotional) intelligence, and historical timing.  Along the way, he tells stories in a highly engaging and enjoyable style and makes you look at things just a little differently.
0882709194|1.0|This edition of The Origin, abridged and with an illogical and anti-scientific introduction, seeks to hijack the combined 200th anniversary of Darwin's birth and the 150th anniversary of the book which changed the field of biology forever. Ray Comfort believes the world is 6000 years old, in the face of scientific evidence that predates Darwin's work, that has been tested and re-tested for nearly two centuries. This is not science. It is science denialism. The only value this volume has is as an insight into the minds of those who would reject the reason that has brought us the modern technological age in favour of unquestionable dogma.
B000002IJO|4.0|Iluv this cd , its unique in thats its probably the sexiest sleasy album ever produced  by anyone , but still rocks . The first 4 albums of RATT  are great , everyone raves about out of the celler (its a classic), but i enjoy this the most out of all the first 4 . It runs perfectly together , Starting off with DANCE which is anthemic n a great way to start , luv De martinis guitar in this one. Then continues amazinglt with ONE GOOD LOVER , classic   ratt,DRIVE ME CRAZY  rocks along a bit quicker , SLIP OF THE LIP  is my least fave , but seems to be everyones fave . BODYTALK! one of my alltime faves by any band , classic , demartinis riffing is brilliant ,LOOKING 4 LOVE  start off side 2 , the second side is all classic rock, nothing brillant but it just rocks along in typical RATT stylr , pure slease ENOUGH IS ENOUGH ends the cd with a tad easy but very unique ending .Its a great cd n rates in my top 20  of all time . The first 4 cds r all classic , detonater didnt do it 4 me , i did luve  theRATT cd but its a differant ratt , great but not classic ratt
B002B44KDG|5.0|I have been a fan of Neil Young since the days of Buffalo Springfield, and enjoy virtually everything he did from the mid/late 1960's through the 1970's. This collection of songs in my opinion is timeless and shows some of Neil Young's best work from that era. From Tell me why to Cripple Creek Ferry there isn't a miss, every song in this collection works well together. The LP is also balanced reflecting great dynamics from somber mellow songs like After the Gold Rush to a 60's Civil Rights song like Southern Man which still brings to mind the KKK and the radical changes this country went in those years. I know some might find Southern Man a little critical and harsh, but if that you find that one tune offensive, don't play it and judge the rest of this collection for what it's worth.    If your an older Neil Young fan this is gotta have, and you probably already own it. If your getting into Neil Young's earlier work this is a shinning example of his talent.    Again in my opinion one of Neil Young's finest.
B000JQU4TW|4.0|Perhaps I'm jaded by modern science fiction conventions (ala The Twilight Zone), but I felt Dorian Gray ended predictably.  Given a magical portrait that protects the subject from the consequences of immorality, Rod Sterling would have ended it the same way.<br /><br />Still reading through a contemporary lens, Dorian Gray provides rich imagery of life in the 19th century.  Wilde disadvantages this strength of the novel by exhaustively listing image after image while Dorian immerses himself in sensory experience.  These passages read like mildly interesting dictionary entries.<br /><br />Overall, the pithy dialogue, imagery and wonderfully gothic story wins out and Grey entertains.
1439157383|5.0|Sent this to my mother-in-law for her birthday; she received it quickly and reported no problems with the book.
1400079179|4.0|This is a very great book.  Although it is fiction it does make you think.  But on the flip side to that I didn't really care for what it ended up suggesting once revealed.  Dan Brown sure has a very strong imagination and works so well for the book.  Too bad hollywood destroyed a great book.  The book is something that rivets you to keep on reading.  I lost many hours of sleep at night because it was so riveting.
B00138KKDA|5.0|A great collection of clean crisp Johnny Winters slide guitar work at the top of his game.     If your looking to add Winters to your collection this in my opinion is the one to get. Every song in this collection is classic Winters, and in my honest opinion this is Johnny Winters at his best. Every song is a joy and some of the songs show off some of Johnny Winters best slide guitar work.     There are ther J.W albums that deserve credit but this and Saints and Sinners are my two favorites just my opinion, but if I only had one to buy?
B0029LHW4U|5.0|This is the best rock album to have come out in long time! Please give it a listen!
B001UJ6IJC|4.0|This cd is not un-abridged as amazon states it is. It has skipped 2 chapters and  several parts. I know as I am reading the book and listening to the audio at the  same time.  And the voice actors are awesome. I'm just going by ear, but so far i'm pretty sure  I have heard Jurgen Prochnow, Alan Alda, and Rob Reiner. What a treat.
B002I9Z89Y|5.0|Just like the original series except in 7.1 surround and great enhancements to the picture.
0143038419|5.0|This is a fantastic book about one woman's journey across Italy, India and Bali.  It is a detailed account of her search for God and finding the balance in her life between enjoyment of life and devotion.  She is funny and witty and very descriptive.  I really enjoyed finding out who she thought she was and who she was in the process of becoming.  I also enjoyed learning about each country that she visited.  I would read this book again.  I have already given copies of it to two friends, and will continue to recommend it to people I know.
0307716988|5.0|I loved this book.  It was as if I could hear him telling his story.  It's his words not someone else making up stories just to collect money from his name.
B001GCUO16|3.0|You know, Wolverine really impressed me within the first hour of the film.  They didn't try to cram too much in and overaction the film.  The weren't making the same mistake they did X3.  We got to see a lot of characterization, which is my favorite quality of superhero films.  I want to see the story and the journey, don't just blow up stuff and throw in riduculous fight scenes to sell movie tickets.  I want reality within the surreal.  The first half of the film really did justice to some of my favorite comic characters.  And the new non-comic book characters (John Wraith and the electric mutant) complimented the film just fine.  Everyones performance in the beginning of the film was fine by my standards.<br /><br />Then something went wrong in the second half.  They tried to put in a bike chase scene, but it ended up being way over the top.  I think everyones a little tired of seeing action heroes walk out of a flaming ball of fire.  The action in general isn't smooth and they didn't pay enough for better CG.  If you rewind before the chase scene we see a bathroom scene where Logan comes to terms with his blades.  This scene takes the cake as the most useless scene in the movie, because the whole time the audience is distracted by just how badly they animated his blades.  They look opaque for christ's sake.<br /><br />So going on we finally end up at Strker's island.  This whole last part of the movie does not sit well with me.  Wolverine learns the truth and then wants to cry and walk away instead of killing stryker.  I'm not saying he should kill stryker, but WHAT WOULD WOLVERINE REALLY DO?  So he walks off and cries and then hears a scream and comes back.  How many times have I seen someone get upset and run away and then come back right before someone dies to save the day? Anyway, by the end we've totally ruined deadpool, and yes I know I can't beg Fox to keep everything the way it is in the comics, but guess what?  Even the producer of this film and all the X-men films says  I regret what happened to Deadpool, I want an entire reboot, I hope we can do that.  You made a beloved killer an indestructable villain, who definately can't make another appearance the way he is right now.  They would have to erase everything they've done to make a Deadpool movie now.  Ok, enough about the film.<br /><br />SPECIAL FEATURES: I think we were sold a little short.  We get a few short clips and about 6 commentaries/picture in picture tracks that play throughout the whole feature film.  Please, I think everyone would rather have more behind-the-scenes segments and less commentaries.  I like both but I don't want to watch the film 6 times to get my moneys worth.  More lengthy behind the scenes, and less \\"Fun Facts while your movie plays\\".  Trust me close to no one watched the X-facts or the Previsualizing tracks that play througout the movie.  It's just cheap special features.  The first three films have great special features on their blu-rays.  I don't see how this can be so difficult.<br /><br />So all in all, Wolverine isn't bad, but it definately has it's flaws.  It was more of a dissapointment, but it was definately better than X3.  Hopefully, since one of Brian Singers friends is writing the Wolverine sequel, Singer might return to do justice to the franchise.  But this for now is a rent-before-buy as opposed to a must-buy.I regret what happened to Deadpool, I want an entire reboot, I hope we can do that.  You made a beloved killer an indestructable villain, who definately can't make another appearance the way he is right now.  They would have to erase everything they've done to make a Deadpool movie now.  Ok, enough about the film.    SPECIAL FEATURES: I think we were sold a little short.  We get a few short clips and about 6 commentaries/picture in picture tracks that play throughout the whole feature film.  Please, I think everyone would rather have more behind-the-scenes segments and less commentaries.  I like both but I don't want to watch the film 6 times to get my moneys worth.  More lengthy behind the scenes, and less \\"Fun Facts while your movie plays\\".  Trust me close to no one watched the X-facts or the Previsualizing tracks that play througout the movie.  It's just cheap special features.  The first three films have great special features on their blu-rays.  I don't see how this can be so difficult.    So all in all, Wolverine isn't bad, but it definately has it's flaws.  It was more of a dissapointment, but it was definately better than X3.  Hopefully, since one of Brian Singers friends is writing the Wolverine sequel, Singer might return to do justice to the franchise.  But this for now is a rent-before-buy as opposed to a must-buy.
B0029O08WA|2.0|I probably should have waited until the movie came out before I bought this CD.  While I really love \\"Meet Me On the Equinox\\", and a couple of other songs are pretty good, I probably wouldn't have bought it.  I really love the Twilight soundtrack, but this one is just such a downer.  Yes, I know, New Moon itself is a total downer, but seriously, if you listen to this CD very much you're gonna be looking for a sharp razor and a warm tub of water.  It's that depressing.
0765348276|5.0|Old Man's War starts with 75 yrs old John Perry, who gave up everything on Earth to signup in the army. Humankind has started colonizing the stars, and found the universe to be quite unfriendly (well humans are kinda nasty to everyone, basically).  We need more recruits to protect the colonies. The space organization promises to rejuvenate the old people - giving them a 2nd chance in youth, so long as they serve the army for 10 years.    This series is a 'saga' in a very loose sense. This first book \\"Old Man's War\\" was all about John Perry. The second book \\"The Ghost Brigades\\" focused on other characters loosely linked to the first book. The third and last book \\"The Last Colony\\" concludes the saga with John Perry. There's a fourth book called \\"Zoe's Tale\\" that tells the story from the perspective of John's daughter.    Unlike some other scifi books I've read, John Scalzi writes in a very conversational tone. The books are easy to read; funny at some parts, touching at others. Best of all, there ARE some really cool concepts in the novels that's a bit different from the usual scifi tones.    After reading the series, I've a nostalgic feeling for the old scifi games I've played, like Master of Orion and X-Com. I'd say any books that does that to me is a good series. :)
B002P7UCMC|5.0|Because they just don't age! I was a little apprehensive in regards to Rammstein's new album when I had first heard P***Y, which is a mediocre song by Rammstein standards, about two weeks ago. I purchased Liebe Ist Für Alle Da anyways as I have been a fan since they first blessed my stereo in the 90's and have yet to be disappointed with any of their work. Their newest album continues in this same tradition of unapologetic vocals and aggressive instrumentals. While not Rammstein's best album, it is one of their better albums. I highly recommend spending the few extra dollars necessary to purchase the two disc version as the bonus disc contains two of the best songs on an overall hard hitting and solid album.
B002MW50KO|2.0|This is brutal. Props to those fans out there that can handle Dylan's new gurgling style of singing since Together Through Life. 'O Little Town of Bethlehem' is probably the best example on this album. I get nauseous listening to it.    I loved [[ASIN:B00005NI5Y \\"Love and Theft\\"]], liked [[ASIN:B000GFLAI0 Modern Times]] and a few from [[ASIN:B001VNB56I Together Through Life]] such as 'Beyond Here Lies Nothing', 'My Wife's Hometown' and 'I Feel A Change Coming On'. But oh man...this album is gurgle city.    Some pluses:  'Here Comes Santa Clause' is nice...his voice sounds good. 'Little Drummer Boy' is quite pleasant and 'Must Be Santa' is fantastic!! I laughed the first time I heard it but it is fun...polka-style! I liked 'Christmas Island' as well.    I think it is great that Dylan has donated all proceeds to charity. It's a shame that the album is just not that good.    Still love ya, Bobby...keep putting out records!
B00006AUIG|5.0|Session 9 was quite a surprise.  So many movies talk about the scares but so few deliver.  The creepiness of Danver's rivals the Overlook Hotel in the Shining.  The slow disintegration of these five men allows the tension to build.    By casting with good actors instead of those with bigger names but half the talent the director has made a movies that keeps you discussing it well after the credits roll.
B00005JLEU|5.0|Hayao Miyazaki works wonders in this spectacular film. It is a little spooky at times, but it is an amazing film out of all I've ever seen. I do not reccommend it for children under seven to eight years old, yet it is wonderful for every other age. I understood it perfectly and believe that the plot is at the perfect place between dramatic and simple. I have seen other Miyazaki films, but this one truly took my breath away and is amazing beyond amazing. If you want a perfect example of a major motion picture, choose this fantastic movie for you and your family. It's Academy Award is truly well-earned and, I believe, that this is easily one of the best films ever produced.
B000V86OKG|5.0|Dexter Season 2 builds upon Season 1 and is more action packed and is definitely worth purchasing considering the more  than reasonable price
B000M343BM|3.0|I liked the movie as well as it's sequels but there is a difference.  The sequels are family fair.  The original film is superior but it is filled with profanity.  There are over 150 uses of profane language in the film.  I do not disagree with the use of profanity completely, but when it is used just to fill the air and not for effect, I do not agree with it.  The finest films ever made CITIZEN KANE, CASABLANCA and GONE WITH THE WIND, do not have profanity, unless you consider the word DAMN.  I do not think it has damaged their appeal.  I imagine if they did a remake of GWTW, the famous line would be \\"Scarlett, you B...h, I don't give a mother F.....k.  I guess there are those who would assert that the film would be superior with a few Fs filling the air.  I like the Major League movies and I do not think the absence of vulgarity hurt the quality of the sequels.  I would have like to see less in the original.  Major League is certainly not the worse film for this, it is so common place that soon the F...word with be heard regularly in prime time.
B0018M6J90|5.0|I was pleasantly surprised by this unobtrusive little comedy.  It is reminiscent of Hollywood's heyday films of the period.  Miss McDormand is truly delightful, and Miss Adams plays the ditzy gold-digger to perfection.
B000M3452Y|2.0|Aside from \\"North American Scum,\\" the beats are boring and repetitive, and the rhymes are nothing special.  \\"North American Scum\\" is a five-star song, but \\"Sound of Silver\\" is a two-star album.
B00008CMR6|4.0|This John Wayne is as great as the rest he does. I would recommend it to anyone that is a John Wayne fan.
B001ET0826|5.0|I just listened to this CD and in my opinion it is one of Prince's best albums. Great jazz influence and traces of James Brown funk. Love every track on the CD. Highly recommend!
B000BTC5LW|4.0|Amazing! Just wish it was in 14x9 not 4x3 standard. Other than that it great.
B000683VI4|5.0|Cassandra Aminto  Block 3    \\"If your a bird, then I'm a bird\\"-Noah, The Notebook. The Notebook is a story of how true love has it's up's and down's but if it's real then it can overcome anything. Our story begins with Noah, a boy whose family isn't the wealthiest, and Allie, a girl who comes from money, sharing a beautiful summer romance. Unfortunately, good things don't always last, and it all works out UNTIL the end of the summer. Allie is going away too New York to college and Noah says he will wait for her. But in that time span, Noah was recruited for the Military and sent off too war. Allie volunteered to be an assistant for wounded soldiers, and she meets another man. They fall in love and plan to get married, but Allie finally see's Noah has kept a long promise. What is the promise? And what will Allie do, be with her true love Noah or go a separate way? This is defiantly focused towards females, but it keeps your attention with the love and passion. If a couple watched this together you could pull males towards this too. That is why The Notebook is a fantastic movie.
0810994739|5.0|I didn't personally read this book but I can say that my son loves this series. If you're thinking about getting your child a first real book to read on his own, this is a great start. He has read all of them and now needs the new one. Actually he read each of the first three in about a week per book!
1920885102|5.0|Julian Carax was once heard to say that we only exist as long as there is someone to remember us. According to all reports Julian Carax had died many years ago, but thanks to a small boy, Julian Carax is about to exist once more amongst the living.<br /><br />Awoken in the night by the cries of his young son Daniel, a father makes a decision that will change his son's life forever. Daniel is introduced to the Cemetery of Forgotten Books, and it is within these numerous dust filled shelves that Daniel discovers Julian Carax, and a mystery that will haunt him and bring danger to everyone he loves.<br /><br />From the moment Daniel picked up the book The Shadow of the Wind at the Cemetery of Forgotten Books, he became enthralled with the author Julian Carax. The only problem was that no one seemed to know much about how to locate any of his other books, if they still existed, and even less was known about the man himself.<br /><br />Determined to discover all he can about the man whose books mean so much to him, Daniel embarks on a journey into the past. Hidden beneath secrets and around dark corners, Daniel is slowly able to put together the life of Julian Carax, a life that is not so different from his own, but will he live long enough to see it through to the end of the story.<br /><br />This is a story about first loves, and true loves, and loves of literature. This is a story about danger, and murder, and wars; a story of secrets and mysteries. In this story madmen roam the streets with all authority and characters escape the confines of their pages to walk amongst their readers. This is a story about The Shadow of the Wind.  In this, you will be taken in, unable to escape the mystery that burns within; a brilliant and unforgettable read.
B000002JB8|5.0|Took me years to find this music again. Made me happy when I first heard it way back when, as it does now.
B002GZQYMA|3.0|As someone who liked Muse's darker, heavier side (Showbiz, Dead Stars, Stockholm Syndrome), this album was a grower for me.  There are some good songs here, and the Exogenesis Symphony is beautiful, but there are also songs that have that annoying bit that don't quite fit in otherwise good songs that just spoil those songs a bit for me - Resistance and I Belong To You being the main ones here for that.  However, there is nothing flat out bad here either - they are still very talented musicians after all. It's their most overblown, over the top and theatrical album (though they have some of that in all of their albums), and their most pop album but also feels short, though perhaps that because there is again a feeling they should have included a few more tracks before the Symphony section, or perhaps made it a mid section but with this, I would have like to have seen a 13+ track album, even though Exogenesis is the best bit of it.   A quick personal ratings of tracks is something like this:  Uprising 8 - Upbeat bouncy guitar pop song  Resistance 6 - Would be great except for the 'could be wrong' prechorus bit  Undisclosed Desires 7 - For their first tract where Matt only sings, this is a good chart friendly pop song with a good beat  United States of Eurasia 7 - A big theatrical song, some will hate it, especially where matt's vocals play up to the theatrical style at times.  Guiding Light 6 - An 80's stadium rock ballad complete with melodic distorted guitar solo - very well done, if you happen to like 80's stadium rock ballads.  Unnatural Selection 7 - the first song that could be describe as rock really and not just because he rinds me of SOAD's singer when he say's 'ocean'  MK Ultra 7 - One of the 'rockier' ones and I really want to like this one a lot more than i do maybe it's the 'breaking through' section kills the tempo a bit  I belong to you 5 - Almost a happy chirpy Keiser Chiefs meets Madness kind of song but for the awkward fill every 6 bars. Shame aboutthe second half.  Exogenesis pt 1 9 - love the strings and the way they swirl around before crescendoing to the lyrical bit where i love to let the sound wash over me.  Exogenesis pt 2 8 - The most dramatic part of the Symphony, from solo piano to full on guitar driven mid section, to beautiful piano outro.  Exogenesis pt 3 9 - A quiet piano and strings opening eventually crescendos beautifully into a call for reconciliation and forgiveness.
B000W7JWUA|5.0|Want a game that everyone can play?<br />want a game that everyone can play and the adults won't get bored?<br /><br />well then look no further exploing probilty odds between 2 dice this game is very simple and yet so complex. the gist of the game is easy roll a dice if your building is buy the number you roll you get resources. use the resorces to buy more buildings, which get you more resorces. one might call this a never ending good cycle. there are a few exceptions to make the game more fun though. if a player rolls a seven they get to rob resorces from an opponet. :) and/or place the robber on a hex that blocks an opponet from a potentialy needed resource. The only other exeptions are development cards. deveopment cards get you bounus (resources)that help to develop buildings. buildings must be 2/3's of a hex appart and touching a road(roads are build with resources) the object of the game is to reach 10 pts. pts are given for buildings and special development cards that can be occasionly found) aka building cards that are dispersed throught the development cards. although the rules are realy easy to get down. there are many complex players. the game can take a long time to complete espicaly if you have the expansion pack and are playing with 6 people. (normal game plays 2-4 people) aveage game takes 1-2 hours depending on the dice rolls. try it, I guarentee once you get started you won't be able to stop.
B0000CC5CS|5.0|I always enjoyed the Terminator series.  Terminator 3 is great, but Terminator 4 just wasn't the same without Schwarzenegger.  Get the first 3 DVDs.  I prefer full screen over wide screen.  Just my opinion.
0061914177|5.0|garyvee,<br />I finished reading your book. Quick read, easy to understand and apply. Great job!!! I recommend this book to all people in business or going into business. I also think its an essential book that should be used in a College Marketing Course on the \\"must read list\\". Thanks Gary for sharing your expertise and your enthusiasm! :)
0618918248|4.0|This is one of the most articulate and well reasoned pieces of logic I have read in a long while.  I have no real burning desire to resolve these questions in my own mind but agree with him Dawkin's logic is impeccable. I didn't see this as anti religion rather than putting an evidence based alternative on the table. I didn't find his discussion vitriolic it was an animated read though and I didn't find it boring. I will say this though I agree with Richard in an evidenced based world but understand the place of religion.  There are aspects of religion that Darwinism can't give us and I guess the best way to put this is to say that I know of no instance of where understanding the evolutionary theories got someone through internment in a concentration camp. This is not an argument for religion (I'm one f those who gets the evolutionary process and agrees with it)it is an understanding of some of the good it can offer. I acknowledge there is also an awful lot done in the name of religion that disgusts me. I'm not necessarily convinced they balance each other out either.<br /><br />A most striking analogy he uses is to describe a poster entitled \\"Imagine a World without religion\\" which depicts the New York skyline with the two World Trade Center towers still standing. This is a book that engages really deep thought, I enjoyed it.
0882709194|1.0|Do NOT buy this version, even if you intend to tear out the disgustingly dishonest anti-Darwin smear campaign that is Ray Comfort's introduction.  This version of Origin of Species is heavily abridged.  Entire chapters are missing from the book, despite Ray Comfort's claim on his blog that: \\"It's now heading for 100 universities and 100,000 copies, and it will be the entire book (every jot and tittle).\\"   These are Ray's own words, directly quoted from his blog.      As you can see, this is the \\"Origin of Species: 150th Anniversary Edition [ABRIDGED]\\"  When Ray Comfort says this will be: \\"the entire book, every jot and tittle\\" what he really means \\"Please believe my lie that this is the full version, and ignore the fact that I removed four chapters, the introduction, and the glossary.\\"      Clearly Ray Comfort has no problem with bald-faced lies as long as they serve his insipid Young Earth Creationist agenda.  If you want the real version of Origin of Species, the one that isn't missing several chapters, go with ISBN: 0451529065.
0882709194|1.0|Beautiful! First fifty pages are absolutely brilliant, HILARIOUS. However, the content doesn't flow very well. Goes from illogical, unscientific blabbering to a logical, scientific masterpiece. The two just don't seem to complement each other.    My advice? If you're looking for a real knee-slapper, go ahead and buy this version of the Origin of Species. If you respect science in any way, however, you might find a more serious, concise version more fitting.
0307266303|4.0|Interesting book by an obsessed runner.  His advocation for barefoot running makes me think of boxing.  It seems like when boxers started using bigger gloves, the result was more injuries.  If a boxer hits his opponent with bare knuckles or a thin glove, he has to hold back somewhat to prevent injuring his own hand.  With the big glove there is no holding back, and the guy being hit often suffers severe brain damage.  Similarly, running barefoot, one has to run smoother and with less impact, there by protecting the body from injury.    It would have been nice to have some photos in the book, no?    McDougall claims that the Indians of the book by Carlos Castenada were actually the Tarahumara.  The tribe uses peyote but McDougall doesn't mention this.
B000002UAX|5.0|In spite of the band falling apart at the seams, I find this CD to be the Beatles at their best.  Eccentric, ecclectic,and oh so creative.  Its o hard to pick a favorite tune on this masterpiecec.  Somedays its the upbeat Back In The USSR, other days its the passionate While My Guitar Gently Weeps, and sometimes its the oddball Happiness Is A Warm Gun.    Truthfully if I was stuck on a desert island, this would be among the ten discs that I would take with me.  It has it all.
B0018GCIDC|4.0|first 3 songs great (of which first two long), last one just ok. the remainin 4 good, (w/ 7 being 3rd/last longest). most popradiod in apx order are tracs 8,3,6,5,1,2,7,4. 4 airplay-nnnaaaaahhh. no. zep pretty commercial anyway so on hear for less comm. are tracs in order of 1 2 7 5 4. least commercial of zep lps that is best is zep6-phy. graf-and its a dbl lp.
B00005MNP8|5.0|Definitely one of the most memorable CD's of the late 70's New Wave phase.  Slick catchy rhythms, nice keyboard touches, super drumming, and oh so cool singing by Deborah Harry, a true diva.  Those first three songs Hanging On The Telephone, One Way Or Another, and Picture This just grab me with delight.  11:59 is another winner laoded with great keyboard touches.  The bonus tracks rule as its nice to hear the origins of Heart of Glass in Once I Had A Love.    Truly a keeper peeps.  Make sure its in your collection.
0307341569|5.0|This book isn't for the timid. There's a lot of nastiness. I mean, I love Michael Connelly's books, but they never make me feel as dirty inside as this book did, and I mean that as a complement to Dark Places. Not that I enjoy feeling like my insides need a good scrubbing, but that the book could affect me as strongly as it did.     I wish I could give examples but they'd spoil the story. I was fortunate enough to read this without even a glance at any plot outlines, with no inkling what the story was about. It took me on many surprising twists and turns, revealing each new element with a delicious pace and unblinking eye at the horrors that inhabit our world.    Chilling. Riveting. And very intense. Like a really amped up roller coaster ready to beat you up before bringing you to a dizzying stop at the end of a harrowing ride.     This book will haunt me for years. Yum!
B000001FS6|4.0|When U2 first came out I just was not crazy about them.  Too much politics and too darn angry.  Something about this Rattle and Hum really caught my attention even more so that the Joshua Tree.  I think it was simply that these guys are really good musicians and Bono has a very powerful voice.  And you know what the political toned lyrics are quite reasonable in this setting.  Because truly its all about rock n roll.  Angel of Harlem is the song which really grabbed my attention.  Great horn arrangmeents.  Love Rescue Me is a real stunning keeper to my ears.  God Part 2 with its stunning guitar tones also rocks my world.  I could go on further, but the point is these guys are creative, talented, passionate, the whole nine yards.
0439023483|4.0|The Hunger Games or should I say The Awesome Games is well an awesome book. There is a girl who lives in the seam of District 12 who wakes up screaming every morning. Can you guess who this is? Her name is Katniss Everdeen. Her father died in a mining accident, which District 12 is mining district Panem. North America has changed through wars and Mother Nature has turned into Panem. Panem which is ruled by the Capitol which is just like NYC (New York City) nobody's poor everybody lives it up. District 12 let's just say the only way they live is to do illegal hunting in the woods. There is a sign on the fence that says all hunting is illegal but everybody hunts there. So during the drawing for District 12 Katniss sister Prim gets selected, but Katniss being the good sister she is to volunteer. Then for the boys, baker's son Peeta Mellark gets selected. When they are being taken care of by the peacekeepers Peeta's mom gives Katniss a cookie maybe it was on purpose maybe it wasn't I don't know. Then on the train to the capitol Haymitch who is taking care of Katniss and Peeta who won The Hunger Games is his normal self the drunk. Then Katniss says \\"Your advice doesn't help us, you're too drunk to help us.\\" So Haymitch promises to stay sober long enough to help them. Then during the parade Haymitch tells them to get along and Peeta says \\"Can you hold my hand I am getting dizzy?\\" So Katniss does. Then during the viewing for the sponsors to watch the contestants bonehead Katniss shoots an arrow at the sponsors. Or was it a bonehead move I don't know. Katniss makes a friend named Rue during the games which is weird because the goal is to kill the other contestants. They really get along they blow up the big group of killers. Then sadly something happens Rue died and Katniss only hope is to kill the others. This is an awesome, action packed, suspense filled book. It may get violent, but it is excellent.
B000002J0B|4.0|Not a big time Zeppelin fan but somehow the band strikes big time gold on this release.  Maybe because I am a keyboard player and I love the tones on this one.  No Quarter is absolutely my number one favorite tune by these guys.  What a spooky synthesizer effect, ultra cool piano solo, killer guitar riff, and solid drumming.  Not a big fan of Robert Plant but his vocals are a keeper on this tune.    And the two songs before, Dancing Days and Dyer Maker are winners too.  Love that reggae beat on the later.  Zep really pulls out all the creative stops with the funky The Crunge, the gentle Rain Song, and the many rockers on here.  Others may love Zeppelin 4 and 2, but this one b pos the best for me.
B000ZELISO|3.0|Many of these reviews are spot on. I felt that too much of the book was left out and that the effects were underdone.   My big disappointment is a small thing that just indicates that the care to create the feeling of the magic world was not there in this episode. The pictures in Hogwarts were just, well.... pictures. They did not move, they had no life. This is something that the entire movie lacked.  As far as buying this one, I just hate to do it only to find out there is an extended version coming out in six months. Because this seems to be a pattern for the greedy movie industry I will wait.
B000002UB3|5.0|Abbey Road just might be a desert island disc to my ears as well as the stunning White Album.  In spite being the near the end of their relationship, the Beatles put it all together once again.  Come Together is such a cool song with ultra cool drumming by Ringo and crazy lyrics by John.  Its fun to jam on this tune and make it even more creative.  Something is an all time classic tune by George.  And the suite of mini songs mostly contributed by Paul is stunning.  Just take it with you when you live civilization.
0345345061|5.0|This is the only book that has Leaf by Niggle, which is the best short story ever written by anyone, anywhere.<br /><br />It also has some poems that are not found anywhere else, such as Errantry, Princess Mee, The Man In The Moon Stayed Up Too Late, and The Mewlips, all of which I memorized as a twelve year old, because I liked them so much.<br /><br />The rest of the book is also very good if you like Tolkien's style and/or are interested in his thoughts.  As a child, I also memorized his letter on page 74, which begins \\"Although now long estranged...\\" and which encompasses topics which challenge the oldest among us.<br /><br />As an adult, I still find Tolkien's works and thoughts compelling, though perhaps for somewhat different reasons than those of my childhood.<br /><br />The book is worth the price, if only for Leaf by Niggle and the letter on page 74.
B0009K8L5W|5.0|This was just the music that I was yearning for!  Fabulous and very passionate!
0783230079|4.0|It is an ok movie for me. My wife and my sister in law loved it. So i figure it must be a chick flick...
0385504225|1.0|What a silly book!  I like escapist reads as much as anyone, but this one was painful.  I only continued reading it because my husband \\"kind of\\" liked it & my daughter found it engaging.  It engaged my gag reflex.
B0009MAO46|5.0|DVD was in wrapper, so it ws new. As promised. Great buy, for the limited new one available.
B0009Q0F5U|5.0|This CD is absolutely fantastic and the price is right.  It pulls the best music from Season 1 so you have it.  Just have to flag The Shape of Things To Come, its related Passacaglia and Destiny as the cream of the crop in the CD.  Brings back images from the series flooding through your head as you listen.  The music casts such a wide net in instruments and type - its just wonderful getting to listen to it.      If you think you might want this, get it while its still in production - unlike DVD's, CD's production lifespans often are short (couple of years) and don't come back into production very often.
1416594787|5.0|This book has such a great way of explaining the complex process of evolution in a easy to understand format. Dawkins is smart, but he keeps the language down to earth. Everyone should read this book, especially those who are still uncertain of evolution, but still have open minds. (Hardcore non-believers will not like it, and will therefore never except facts, no matter how obvious and proven they are!)
B002P7UCMC|5.0|Of all the \\"highly anticipated albums\\" released this year, by the likes of \\"Alice in Chains\\" (don't even get me started there)... by Pearl Jam... and so on... which were TERRIBLE (and yet somehow each has reviews stating \\"album of the year\\")... THIS album, Really does fit that bill.      Rosenrot (their last album) was a bit of a mis-step for the band, in my opinion.  I didn't like it anywhere near as much as \\"Mutter\\" or \\"Reise, Reise\\"... but with this release, Rammstein is back to showcase their true ability & talent.      The 1st track, \\"Rammlied\\", can be best described as \\"Rammstein\\" (from \\"Herzeleid\\"), on Steroids!  Seriously, it's what that song would've sounded like, had they written it during \\"Mutter\\" instead of \\"Herzeleid\\" (their 1st album).  So literally, they start the album off strong... and it just gets better from there.      I was pretty nervous about this album... not only because of the direction \\"Rosenrot\\" took; but because I've been SORELY disappointed with EVERY release this year.  Thankfully, they delivered... and did so in typical Rammstein fashion.  Melodically & Lyrically, one of their best albums (though Mutter will always be my Favorite, as \\"Ænima\\" will always be my fav. Tool album)....      You should definitely get this album... especially the Deluxe 2 Disc edition!  There are 5 non-LP Bonus tracks (1 instrumental)... none of them are crappy \\"Remixes\\", which Artists so frequently these days, include as \\"bonus tracks\\".  Nope... full fledged, well written songs, that for whatever reason, didn't make the actual album.   It's definitely refreshing to see that Rammstein \\"still get it\\" in that regard... as too many Artists just \\"throw away\\" their unused album songs because they feel they're \\"not up to par\\"... and then stick the fan/customer with crummy remixes, or Live versions, as \\"bonus tracks\\".  (most of which aren't good, or of good quality)  Again, thankfully, Rammstein \\"gets it\\"... and has rewarded us yet again, with some awesome \\"B-Sides\\"!    Also, Vocally, Till just sounds MUCH better on this album than he did on most of Rosenrot & (some of) Reise, Reise.  I really can't say enough good things about this album... & it's a shame I can't give it 10 Stars... because like I said earlier, after all the JUNK that's been released this year... this one truly Towers above the Rest.  And while I know they'll Never get \\"album of the year\\" by any US Awards Show... they sure as heck deserve it.      *side note*:  This album is Not edited.  The Track List on the back does \\"asterisk\\" out the words P*ssy & another (which I'd have to assume is the b.s. word?)... but the music isn't edited By any means.  (also, it's weird that the Lyric Insert, also \\"asterisks\\" out the \\"B*********\\" word... everywhere it's stated (title & chorus); but doesn't do so for P*ssy?... found that, weird, to say the least)     Anyway... Get This (Deluxe) Album, I promise, you wont be disappointed.   (and if you'd like to read my reviews of Alice In Chains' \\"Black Gives Way To Blue\\", or Pearl Jam's \\"Backspacer\\"... click on \\"read my other reviews\\".  Those albums were SO terrible, & yet the reviews SO Pro-Biased, I had to speak up!)   Cheers... and Enjoy!     PS: maybe it's just me; but (to me), \\"P*ssy\\" comes off as a regurgitated \\"Te Quiero Puta!\\" (from \\"Rosenrot\\")... just w/o the Tex-Mex 'flavor'... & I wasn't a big fan of that song to begin with.  That's my only \\"complaint\\" about this album... though technically it's not a \\"complaint\\" as P*ssy is far more enjoyable to listen to.
B001NESPHC|5.0|I stumbled onto Melody Gardot totally by accident.  I was doing a general search of jazz on Amazon and was intrigued by this selection.  Listened to the samples, was impressed.  I'm not a jazz snob nor an aficionado but i do know what i like.  Expecting the smarmy undertones of Kenny G or Michael Buble, I was pleased to find a warm sultry voice backed by strong musicianship.  The strings on the tracks that contain them enhance the romance of love, the loss of love, and do not detract from the vibe of the album.  Love the bluesy jazz feel of Melody's voice. Reminds me of early Ella Fitzgerald and Billie Holliday.  I have become a fan of this woman and hope that she will continue to put out excellent jazz albums such as this.
B002MW50KO|2.0|Perhaps Dylan would have been better to do it a la Cash (the last two Johnny Cash recordings). Sometimes contrast works, and sometimes its intent gets lost. The production values might have worked better in a stripped-down, barebones style, as were Cash's last two efforts. That seems more suited to such gravelly vocals than does the too-smooth arrangement employed. Imagine the difference in impact if using no more instruments than a single acoustic guitar and violin (and possibly a quiet bass in the background), without reverb or backing vocals, had been the direction taken. Oftentimes less is more; in this case, it definitely would be an improvement. Unfortunately, I can see this being parodied for years to come; I'm sure this was not his intent. As a collector of Christmas music and Dylan fan, I'll probably get it anyway.
0385504225|2.0|I am 3/4 of the way through this book and at this point I am sorely disappointed. The story is stuck in the midst of the most macabre, cold-blooded and disgustingly brutal scenarios since Silence of the Lambs. This is not at all what I expected from Dan Brown and I am seriously considering whether or not I even want to finish the book. The murders and torture methods are beyond disturbing and don't really add anything to the story except the strong desire to have it over with. At this point I don't even care what the damn Lost Symbol IS! I have to say that, sadly, I wouldn't even recommend this book to anyone that I know. Gruesome does not appeal to me.  Just for the record: Loved DaVinci Code and Angels and Demons despite the fair amount of brutality.
1416594787|5.0|Beautifully written as most of Dawkins books. Provides new insights and ways of viewing how evolution works as you go back in time to common ancestors and then forward again along a different pathway.
B0002TJGQS|5.0|Excellent price for the pack - and promptly delivered too. Used them on my bicycle computer for an eight-hour ride and still going strong.
B001V9LPWQ|5.0|In 1937, Walt Disney changed cinema forever with a little animated film called, \\"Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs\\", the first feature length, hand-drawn cartoon. It's the classic Grimm Brothers fairytale of a beautiful young princess who escapes a murder plot by her jealous stepmother, the queen, and is taken in by seven kindly dwarfs who live in a forest cottage and spend their days mining for precious jewels. One fateful day, after the wicked queen has discovered through her magic mirror that Snow White is still alive, she uses her talent for witchcraft to create a cursed, poison apple, disguises herself as an old hag, and journeys out to finish Snow White once and for all. The only flaw in her plan is that true love's kiss can break the apple's spell.<br /><br />Simply put, \\"Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs\\" is a masterpiece. This is in no way an exaggeration. It may take a look at this Blu-Ray release's vast bonus features for much of the modern audience to truly appreciate how and why this film is such a masterpiece, but it is nonetheless. Even though this was Disney's first animated feature and the style reflects it, the amount of love, sweat, and tears poured into its making give it a unique and  enchanting richness only Pinocchio and Bambi even come close to. Snow White transports you to another world as only a few films can do. It is an old European storybook come to life. All the character designs and hand painted settings are glorious and an amazing advancement for the time. The Queen is one of the greatest screen villains ever, ruthless in a frighteningly believable way. All the songs are unforgettable classics, and while some have mocked Snow White's high-pitched voice over the years, Adriana Caselotti was the perfect choice for the sweet and innocent lead role and always sounds much better when viewing the film than we remember between distant viewings. And to guys like me who LOVE animated girls, while it is hard to compete with the modern Disney girls like Ariel, Belle, and Kim Possible, Snow White is truly a classic beauty and still very gorgeous. I always remember her as my first cartoon crush, alongside my first non-cartoon crush, Dorothy in MGM's Wizard of Oz. Funnily enough, it was the success of this film that allowed Oz to get the green light. Snow White not only has influenced films and filmmakers to this day, it also paved the way for a variety of types of films we have all loved so much, especially by earning respect for the fantasy genre.<br /><br />This new Diamond Edition Blu-Ray/DVD release of Snow White comes to us just in time for the Halloween season, and it's one of those Disney features that is just perfect for it! Old witches and poison apples just scream Halloween! We get 3 discs in the set: A Blu-Ray which holds the feature and a few bonus features, second Blu-Ray disc that holds the bulk of the bonus features, and a third disc that is a standard DVD of the feature film. It's a wonderful package that Disney is doing with all their Blu releases now, it seems, and I wish other studios would follow suit. Those of us who love buying Blu greatly appreciate getting standard DVD copies too for our other TVs in the house that maybe aren't upgraded yet, or for travel or computer use. For some reason, most of us DVD collectors just continue to be resistant when it comes to those pesky (and wasteful) digital download discs; nothing there to collect, really. I'm glad we aren't plagued with one of those things here.<br /><br />The feature film just looks and sounds incredible here, like never before! Truly gorgeous on Blu-Ray. Even if you own the previous DVD release, it's worth upgrading just for that. The Bonus Features are wonderful too, and there are tons. The previous (Platinum Edition) release of Snow White did hold much of what we have here, but there's lots of new stuff too, especially the Hyperion Studios Tour feature that showcases most of the Bonuses on Disc 2. There's a wonderful audio commenel, Belle, and Kim Possible, Snow White is truly a classic beauty and still very gorgeous. I always remember her as my first cartoon crush, alongside my first non-cartoon crush, Dorothy in MGM's Wizard of Oz. Funnily enough, it was the success of this film that allowed Oz to get the green light. Snow White not only has influenced films and filmmakers to this day, it also paved the way for a variety of types of films we have all loved so much, especially by earning respect for the fantasy genre.       This new Diamond Edition Blu-Ray/DVD release of Snow White comes to us just in time for the Halloween season, and it's one of those Disney features that is just perfect for it! Old witches and poison apples just scream Halloween! We get 3 discs in the set: A Blu-Ray which holds the feature and a few bonus features, second Blu-Ray disc that holds the bulk of the bonus features, and a third disc that is a standard DVD of the feature film. It's a wonderful package that Disney is doing with all their Blu releases now, it seems, and I wish other studios would follow suit. Those of us who love buying Blu greatly appreciate getting standard DVD copies too for our other TVs in the house that maybe aren't upgraded yet, or for travel or computer use. For some reason, most of us DVD collectors just continue to be resistant when it comes to those pesky (and wasteful) digital download discs; nothing there to collect, really. I'm glad we aren't plagued with one of those things here.    The feature film just looks and sounds incredible here, like never before! Truly gorgeous on Blu-Ray. Even if you own the previous DVD release, it's worth upgrading just for that. The Bonus Features are wonderful too, and there are tons. The previous (Platinum Edition) release of Snow White did hold much of what we have here, but there's lots of new stuff too, especially the Hyperion Studios Tour feature that showcases most of the Bonuses on Disc 2. There's a wonderful audio commentary by film historian John Canemaker and Walt Disney himself via archival audio clips on Disc 1 and several art galleries on Disc 2(I love the character design ones and the live-action reference stuff; also love promotional galleries). Disc 1 also holds a new music video for \\"Someday My Prince Will Come\\" as sung by the Disney Channel's Tiffany Thornton (not one of my favorite, current Disney Channel stars, but she does a good job with the song), a delightful look at the opening sequence of the upcoming \\"The Princess and the Frog\\", and an amazing look at two deleted scenes that were once planned to be used for a Snow White sequel short cartoon! I really found that last thing intriguing, and it's too bad they don't go ahead with that project today making use of the existing animation! After all, it's been long enough I think that it wouldn't hurt the integrity of the original (I mean, it's not like writing some new sequel that is totally focused on modern sensibilities and pandering to a toddler audience). It'd be wonderful to go to a new Disney feature and see that lost Snow White short playing before it. Also on Disc One are some games that are surprisingly fun, and a special feature that allows you to insert yourself into clips from the film using BD Live. There's also a how-to for using Disneyphile copies (the digital copies, ugh), even though Snow White didn't come with one. Oh, and before I forget, Disc One is also equipped with the \\"Disney View\\" option, so if you have a widescreen TV, which Blu-Rays are basically made for, you can activate to have the black bars on the side of this properly fullscreen film replaced with artwork meant to blend in with the film's backgrounds. Frankly, I tried this and found it distracting. Beautiful artwork, but in some scenes it didn't look right to me, like the forest stuff.    As for more of what Disc Two holds in the Hyperion Tour section and beyond, as I said, there are galleries, but there are also tons of audio clips and featurettes that really do an amazing job of taking you back to the days Snow White was being made. You really get a feeling you're exploring the old Hyperion Studios with Walt and the animation legends; or more often, sitting in a room with them and listening to them reminisce. The stories are fascinating. An important thing to note here is that the story of the making of Disney's Snow White is very much the story of the early development of Disney animation and animation as a film medium in general, and the Bonus Features on Disc 2 do an amazing job reflecting and focusing on that. This is all about the beginnings of Disney animation. It's in depth, touching (if you're a Disney fanatic like me and your childhood dream was to be one of these great animators), and so much fun to explore, though there is thankfully an Index for when you don't feel like getting to things the long way.     There are many classic Disney shorts on Disc 2 as well, emphasizing the importance of Disney's previous works in leading up to the masterpiece at hand. The Old Mill, Playful Pluto, The Goddess of Spring, Flowers and Trees, Babes in the Woods, Musicland, Steamboat Willie, and The Skeleton Dance can all be found on Disc 2. And a final couple of bonus features ported over from the previous DVD release are the delightful retrospective \\"Disney Through the Ages\\" and the \\"Dopey's Wild Mine Ride\\" game. The game is pretty fun, and the retrospective is very fun. It also includes many Snow White theatrical trailers to break up each of the decades talked about, each hosted by a different \\"Disney\\" personality. I must admit that I was a little miffed that my disc kept skipping during the Fess Parker/1950's section though. One always hopes the newest technology will leap the hurdles of flaws like skipping. It seems Blu-Ray isn't the technology to leap that hurdle, and I was watching it on a PS3, which are darn good players. Unfortunately, it's not as simple as saying I can watch this featurette on my old DVD if I really want to, as this Blu-Ray features an updated version with new segments hosted by John Ratzenberger, including a new decade! Well, it's a good feature anyway and I envy those who get to watch it unflawed. Oh, and there is one more bonus feature: a Heigh Ho sing-along. I don't get much use out of those as bonus features though. Can't we just turn on the subtitles during the film?     All in all, this new Blu-Ray release of Snow White is outstanding and definitely a must own, even if it's a double-dip for you. I won't say it's without flaws though (and I'm not just talking about my skipping Fess Parker segment). There was a nice chunk of wonderful bonus features that were not ported over from the previous release, and there is just no excuse for that. Every new, grandiose release of a film on home video should include all the bonus features of its predecessors. That should be understood. Okay, games and things of that nature I can understand leaving off, but not deleted scenes, alternate songs, live action reference footage, and so on... This just means the true fan must hang on to his or her older release too, and that doesn't do much to encourage double dipping. But, again I say, this release is well worth it. It's a must have. But DON'T toss out your old Platinum Edition if you care about bonus features. The Diamond Edition has great ones, but it lacks some too. Most importantly though, the film itself has never looked better and belongs on the shelf of every film aficionado and Disney fanatic.    Also recommended for fans of Snow White: Pinocchio, Bambi, Cinderella, Sleeping Beauty, The Little Mermaid, Beauty and the Beast, The Black Cauldron, and all other Disney animated films! And go see The Princess and the Frog in theaters! More recommendations: Fantasia, Enchanted, Disney's Silly Symphonies (and the Walt Disney Treasures Collections in general), Snow White: A Tale of Terror, and all the Cannon Movie Tales, but especially Snow White in this case. There's also a Hallmark Snow White TV movie, but I only recommend it if you are entertained enough just enjoying the beauty of Kristen Kreuk (as I am known to be at times). Also often recommended to me is the mini-series \\"The 10th Kingdom\\", though I've yet to see it, and I know Filmation made a Snow White Christmas Special and their own Snow White feature sequel. I can't comment on those. I recently acquired them (they are available in one DVD set with Journey Back to Oz) but haven't gotten around to viewing them.
B001YYQ9SS|4.0|Great images, great sound and a nice movie for gamers and Blu-Ray lovers!  Have Fun!
B001TH16DI|5.0|I'm just now upgrading to the big flat panel TV and blu-ray player.  And I'm using this box set to introduce a new generation to the original Kirk and Spock (now that they've been hooked by the JJ Abrams version).  I haven't watched all the discs in the set yet, but those I've used play great on my Samsung blu-ray player.  How can you beat watching the famous Kirk line, \\"Get ready Kahn... Here it comes!\\" in high quality on a big screen at home?    I've also enjoyed the bonus features on these discs.  It's fun to watch cast interviews and learn behind-the-scenes facts about the production.  I wish I had time to go through them all.
0385504225|5.0|I received this book even faster than I expected.  It was new and arrived in excellent condition.  Plus, if you are a Dan Brown fan I think you will want to read his latest.
B000031WD8|4.0|Ok, don't take me wrong... I didn't LIKE the movie, I only rate it high because it does genuinly deal with the issues 16-17 year olds deal with in the USA (believe it or not). The movie does have a few moments that made me laugh, but although I was not a participant in such nonsense during my highschool years, I couldn't stop pairing up the events next to those that I did see happen at school.    However, in real life, these things aren't as funny. Quite the opposite.    If you're a parent in the USA with kids in highschool, you must endure the pain to watch it. It's your duty.
0439023491|4.0|`Catching Fire' has been on my 'get' list from the moment I learned that there would be a sequel to Hunger Games. The story of Katniss and Peeta and the world first introduced in `The Hunger Games' is so unusual and compelling that I knew I needed to hear more.<br /><br />My initial assumption about Catching Fire was that Katniss would be inexorably drawn into leading, or at least serving as a catalyst for, a revolution. I envisioned her, like Moses, leading the people of the districts out into the wilderness and setting up a resistance movement along the lines of 'Red Dawn'. As the story begins, though, that outcome seems very unlikely.  The rumblings of revolution are ever-present but Katniss finds herself ordered by President Snow, a character as chilling as his name implies, to use her influence as hunger games champion to quell the discontent that is rising in the 12 districts. The cost of failure is the lives of all those she cares about.<br /><br />Also, the next hunger games will correspond with the 75th anniversary of the capital's crushing defeat of the rebellion and each 25 years they plan an especially brutal hunger game to impress on the districts who is in control. With discontent rising all over the country President Snow has planned something extra special for the 3rd 'Quarter Quell' to demonstrate once and for all where the power lies.<br /><br />The second book of any trilogy is almost always the least compelling of the three, having neither the originakl premise of the first book nor the closure of the third. Its raison d'etre is to move the story forward and to provide as seamless and entertaining transition as possible from book one to book three. While Catching Fire does suffer from 'book-two-itis' it does entertain us and definitely moves the story forward. In this Susan Collins succeeds. She answers some of the questions readers of Hunger Games had and poses some more for book three.
B000002UAX|5.0|This was their best ever. It shows the depth of their creativity. \\"Rocky Raccoon\\" will stay in your head all day. Appreciate it for what it is. A magnificent production,superior composition and merger of technology.\\"Today is your Birthday\\" is a classic as well as \\"Revolution #9\\", and after 22 yrs.of marriage, I do agree \\"That Happiness Ia A Warm Gun\\". If you weren't born in the 50's you may not get it, but for the old heads this is a must have. Still have my original vinyl LP. I'm sure many other do to also.
B002SJIO54|5.0|The movie begins with an idiot bureacrat serving eviction notices to the alien prawns. He's so oblivious to the violence going on around him that I wanted to reach into the screen and slap him. As he transforms into one of \\"them\\", his whole demeanor changes. Excellent performance! The special effects were great, very believable. Aliens looked real. The film was artistically pleasing with vibrant colors and great action shots. The fast-paced plot leaves little time to think about the movie's theme until afterwards. Best big screen scifi I've seen in a while!L.W.
0307266303|5.0|I had been recommended this book by a friend of mine who runs regularly. I told her she was crazy for running and that it played havoc on your legs and joints. She said I should read this book. After seeing so many positive reviews, I figured I'd give it a try.    Chris McDougall weaves an amazing story of the history of the running shoe, running physiology, ultra-marathoners, and cultures who run in a more \\"natural\\" way. After reading this book, I bought a pair of Vibram FiveFingers and have started to run mornings before work. I've been virulently against running after hearing so many stories of injuries. This book convincingly outlines the author's thesis, namely: It's not running that's unnatural, it's the way we run that is.     Even if you have no interest in running (I had almost none!), this book is a page turner and the people's lives he narrates are worth the read in itself. The fact that your view of the act of running will be forever changed makes this a must read.
0385504225|1.0|This book is not very good.  Mr. Brown continually goes off on side bars that are not very informative or entertaining.  They just serve to slow the book down.  He clumsily presents the villian and 1/4 of the way through the book you know exactly who he is.  The biggest disappointment is that we are expected to believe that there are invisible forces out there that can be tapped into.  Great idea for a fantasy book.  Very weak for a piece of fiction.  His foreward tries to tell you this stuff is real, but the story just gets more and more into the fringes.  Yes there are people who believe they get super human strength from making blood sacrifices.  They also walk around with their underwear on their head.      Very disappointed in this book!
B000AXWV40|5.0|Why this album and this band are so overlooked is beyond me. Funkadelic were the forefathers of the funk metal genre, and their influence is heard on bands like Faith No More, Rage Against The Machine, Soundgarden/Audioslave, and so many more. To think that this music was made in the early 70's is astonishing. These guys were far ahead of their time.<br /><br />The title track is an acid-fueled guitar solo that brings to mind the most inspired Hendrix solos put on tape. A slow minor key dirge with some incredible guitar soloing by Eddie Hazel, it is a feast for the ears.<br /><br />The next track, Can You Get To That, is a soul-influenced psychedelic number with everyone taking turns singing. Quite a happy little tune. The next two songs really showcase the metallic side of the band, with Hit It & Quit It built around a jerky heavy riff, and Super Stupid sounding like the best of Cream and Stevie Wonder.<br /><br />You and Your Folks, Me & My Folks increase the funk side of the album, but still retains that metallic edge throughout the album. Back In Our Minds is just a goofy number, showing that the band can be silly when they want to.<br /><br />The last track, Wars Of Armageddon, show the band at their most expiremental, a sound collage of percussion and strange sounds. Very interesting stuff.<br /><br />All in all, this is a great album and a foreshadow of the funk metal genre. I love it.
B002P7UCMC|5.0|Rammstein released another good album.  It sounds like nothing they've ever done before, except for Rammlied, it's a little reminiscent of their older songs.
0553381695|1.0|I am so glad that I was given this series (up to Feast of Crows) and did not buy it myself.  I am not happy about starting a series based on the number of good reviews from other people.  I WILL NOT MAKE THAT MISTAKE AGAIN.  This book is so bad in my opinion that I stopped reading Clash right in the middle of the book.  I am still debating with myself whether I will ever finish the book based on the new information I researched regarding Mr. Martin.  My concerns are below:    1) I personally believe that he will never finish the series.  Mr Martin is in his 60's and from his pictures, he doesn't look like he is physically fit.  Why start a series when there is no ending? I know this is a little harsh, but from what I read in this series, Mr. Martin understands harshness.    2) Too many boring characters.  I don't want to read anymore about Sansa, Catelyn, or Bran.  I almost want to skip over the boring characters and just read the passages with Tyrion, or Jon    3) Too darned depressing.  Can the good characters get some POV time.  Why isn't Robb POV included in the books?    4) Main Characters are too young or are women.  Grown men are following children and women.  Too many instances where the leaders of whole kingdoms are women or children.  Does Mr. Martin have something against MEN!!    5) Fiction not Fantasy.  Please explain how this is fantasy and not just plain fiction?    6) Politics, Politics, Politics.  I wanted to read a fantasy novel with some fighting action.  I was sorely disappointed.  I am not a fan of politics which is what this novel and a Game of Thrones are about.    I am going to rush out and get the new novel by RA Salvatore (Ghost King) so I can get this bad taste out of my mouth.  I wasted time and energy with this crap.
B000062XFG|1.0|I purchased this item in late September 2009. I never got my order delivered to me. I contacted the seller several times, but so far have yet to hear from them how the situation can be resolved.I am not confident I will ever hear from them again. From now on I will find a seller that offers option that requires a signature from the buyer at the time the package is delivered. Without it the buyer has little or no proof that an item got delivered properly to them. I would give this purchase experience zero stars but that option was not available , Hence the single star.
B001BTG3OQ|5.0|The Nikon SB-900 is an excellent flash that is very easy to use.  The menu and controls are about as straightforward and intuitive as they can be.  I like the ability to switch the camera to on, remote, and master with a single switch.  An advantage of this flash over the SB-600 is that it has the \\"old fashioned\\" auto capability via a sensor on the flash itself.  This yields more consistent results than Balanced TTL flash for outdoor shots.  Just set the flash to Auto Aperture or Auto and dial in -1.0 to -2.0 flash compensation for consistently outstanding outdoor fill flash shots.  I recently used the SB-900 to shoot a fair during the day.  With the flash set to Auto Aperture and flash compensation set to -1.0, every shot was well exposed.  The fair organizers were blown away with the results.  I used the high speed FP function with a shutter speed of 1/800 to shoot skateboarders catching some air.  With this function you can use the flash all the way up to the camera's maximum shutter speed.    The wireless flash function works as advertised.  I have used it both indoors and outdoors in the shade using the D300's built in flash as the master (trigger).   I haven't used the color compensation filters, but they will be valuable for shooting indoor events to match flash color with ambient light.  Regarding the thermal cutoff feature mentioned in some reviews, I haven't used the flash to shoot multiple full-power shots in rapid succession.  However, with Nikon's current pro DSLRs you can increase the ISO to 1000 or higher without degrading image quality.  Higher ISOs require lower flash power.  Lower flash power means less heat.  Less heat means a reduced likelihood of triggering the thermal cutoff.  Your flash batteries will also last longer if you increase ISO.         I don't find the size or weight of the flash to be an issue.  During the fair mentioned above, I carried the SB-900 attached to a Nikon D300 with a Nikkor 18-200mm lens and Op-Tech neoprene strap forover 5 hours without complaint.  The only drawback to this flash is that it's a bit pricey.  In my opinion, a price point under four-hundred dollars would be good.
1573300403|5.0|This DVD in its totality contains important work by Michael Jackson.  For me, Disc 2 is very impressive, entertaining and contains a lot of what will be considered contemporary classics.<br /><br />For a listing a its contents see the review on July 21, 2009, by JJ Chistensen \\"Crazy4Faith\\".
B002KQ6BT6|2.0|I was very disappointed with Dan Brown's latest novel. The storyline was weak and the plot \\"suprises\\" were predictable. I kept getting the impression that this book was written according to a formula based on his last two novels. He was simply capitalizing on his prior efforts.
B0000029LG|5.0|The price on this 2-CD set seems high, and I do not understand the reason for the pricing strategy.  The word is his ex-wife from his first marriage gets 10% of the royalties on this product, but that is not a good reason for its price.  Following Mr. Jackson's death, there was some indication that the price on this set might increase so after listening to samples of the songs I do not have, I purchased it in anticipation of a price increase.  As it turns out I could have waited to purchase a quality used set if I waited.<br /><br />The only five songs that are new to me out of its 30 tracks are:  D.S., Come Together, Tabloid Junkie, Little Susie and Smile.  The first three songs are funky and complement the artists' singing style, \\"Little Susie\\" parallels the circumstances of Mr. Jackson's life and death, and \\"Smile\\" has a melancholy mood similar to how his life is described in print and it is also sad like \\"Gone Too Soon\\".  Since I have the DVD for History on Film Volume 2, I already had exposure to \\"Childhood\\" and \\"They Don't Care About Us\\" as well as \\"Scream\\", \\"Stranger in Moscow\\" and \\"You Are Not Alone\\".<br /><br />Nine of the songs on Disc 2 are the original (non-remix) versions of what appears on the Blood on the Dance Floor:  History In The Mix album:  Scream, Money, 2 Bad, Stranger in Moscow, This Time Around, Earth Song, You Are Not Alone, and History.  This is a reason to purchase the set even if you already have the remixes.<br /><br />Assuming Michael Jackson selected the songs for Disc 1 (History Begins) and Disc 2 (History Continues), makes History:  Past, Present and Future Book I a statement about the history of his music and the development of his style.  I hope it is not just about marketing; \\"it's about making history\\" as he has said.
B002DKGWSE|4.0|I thought it was a great remake. The story was changed a little but for the good. I just thought it should have ended with the boat. Trying not to ruin the end of the story for anyone. But the last sceen for me was silly. Otherwise a very good movie, of a horrible act. I would have given 4 1/2 stars.
0882709194|1.0|In addition to the 50 page screed of idiocy at the start, according to some sources, Comfort has also seems to have edited out a few inconvienent chapters:<br /><br />9: On the Imperfection of the Geological Record<br />11: Geographical Distribution<br />12: Geographical Distribution - continued<br />13: Mutual Affinities of Organic Beings: Morphology: Embryology: Rudimentary Organs<br /><br />And of course he altered the chapter numbers to adjust for the missing sections.<br /><br />This is fairly typical of Comfort.  At one time he engaged in a \\"Creation vs. Evolution\\" debate promising that he would win the debate without citing the Bible.  He broke his own promise within the first few minutes of his time, and had the gall to crow about winning the debate afterward.
0385504225|2.0|I'm a fan of his other books; all had great plots, page turners, the historical stuff was there, but the Lost Symbol took it too far. Barely a plot...well its there but nothing that's not predictable. There's were parts that did not really play an important part in the overall story. Landgon skeptisism was taken way to far, and why was repeated every few pages something to the effect I know you don't believe or open your mind. Got quite old. To be honest, I lost interest, and the last few chapters I was skimming threw.<br />A true dissappointment, and this is one of those books that will end up in the Spring Garage Sale next year. And one more thing: please, please, please don't make this book a movie!!!!
055380684X|3.0|Disappointing. Having read [[ASIN:0316017922 Outliers: The Story of Success]] (Malcolm Gladwell) and [[ASIN:1591842948 Talent Is Overrated: What Really Separates World-Class Performers from Everybody Else]](Geoff Colvin), there was little new in this book.     To summarize, Coyle suggests that Deep practice, Ignition, and Master Coaching are what make people great. He adds little to the concept of deep practice and glosses over ignition (there is no real depth about how to spark ignition). Master coaching was perhaps the most interesting section, but was fairly superficial and anecdotal.     Coyle's fascination with and repitition about myelin is narrow sighted. While it may be an important part of the picture, it is by no means the whole picture. An axon can be wrapped in 100 layers of myelin, but if 100 other things aren't going on properly it means nothing in terms of performance. He only mentions some of these in passing.    Overall I'm annoyed that Coyle, having just written a book that evangelizes the rule of 10,000 hours of practice, pollutes the domain with his own \\"theory\\" about talent development. Just like learning to play the cello requires developing neural circuits to get it right, so does talking about a domain. If you're just going to compile recitations of other people's work, then keep your own theory and terminology out of it. Inventing a B#+ doesn't make for better Bach.
0312427646|4.0|I started this book without knowing anything about it. It's one of these books you will not want to put down until you finish it. And when you finish it, your mouth will fall open. I found myself enjoying the company of the main character, who happens to be the Queen, and wanting to know more about her.<br />It's well written and made me laugh a few times. If you love books, you will enjoy this one.
B002S4KMM2|2.0|I am an avid Nip/Tuck fan and have all the seasons on DVD. I have been really sad that this will be the last season, but after seeing the season premiere, it might be for the best. This was the worse Nip/Tuck episode I have ever seen. Who is this evil Liz and these OLD, tired, worn out doctors? Who is this new actress playing Teddy? Why does Teddy's character go from a mysterious wild child to a woman who wears $150,000 earrings?    This episode had hardly any substance... just smidgens of Christian and Liz fighting, Sean having trouble sleeping, Matt not knowing what he wants to do with his life, etc. The tiny bit of drama with Sean and sleeping pills in the last fifteen seconds is nothing compared to Kimber being kidnapped by the Carver, Matt finding out Ava was a man, or Gina being f***ed off a balcony.    This episode was nothing like Nip/Tuck normally is, and this time it was not a good thing. I'll watch the whole season, but here's hoping it gets better from here on out.
B0012284US|5.0|Seriously, one of the most brilliant albums in the past 20 years. When you have a song like \\"Time Goes Back\\" preceding \\"In Relief\\"......you know you have something special.     \\"........you know time goes on in reverse.........\\"
B00127RAJY|5.0|There is a great project that this blog is working on. It looks like it will be pretty cool to see how she turns out after doing it. It is this woman doing workout DVDs for 10 days to see if they work. She just started with this DVD. It seems like it will be interesting to see how it goes for her.  Here is the website. Cut and paste it into the search bar.   [...]
B000Q6GUW0|4.0|I must admit that I had doubts when my ex-husband said I should purchase this series...I did and at first I had doubts but I became a fan and I'm now watching season 2. the caracters all have their quirks and intermingle well with each other, well written, well directed, BRAVO!!
B0029O08WA|5.0|Although I enjoyed a few of the cuts on the original Twilight soundtrack-this is much better.  As a fan of the books I could really see how the music flows with the story and it only whets my appetite for the movie.      I like all of the songs but \\"Equinox\\", \\"Friends\\" and the final piano piece.      Highly recommended!
B000BW7QWW|5.0|I had trouble figuring this out so I wanted to make this clear.  This is a terrific movie that came out after the series [[ASIN:B001EN71CW Firefly: The Complete Series [Blu-ray]]].  You want to watch the series and then the movie.      I have to say that this movie and my DVD collection of Firefly are the most borrowed DVDs I have.
0882709194|1.0|This is a disingenuous attempt to pollute one of the greatest ideas in the history of science.  The religious drivel that has been added to Darwin's book is intended to be a counterpoint to the theory of evolution by natural selection.  The problem that Comfort, his buddy Kirk Cameron, and other creationists have is that they are trying to use dogma based on the stories of desert tribemen living in the Middle East 1,500+ years ago to argue against science.  Science is an evidence-based, self-correcting method of discovering reality.  It is an endeavor that has led to the modernization of most human societies and has produced knowledge about the natural world that easily surpasses all of the \\"knowledge\\" found in all religious tomes combined!  For example, the knowledge scientists have produced regarding evolution and natural selection has far surpassed what Darwin envisioned.  He got the basic idea correct and since then science has expanded upon and refined his idea.    If you want one of Darwin's unpolluted editions don't buy this book choose another.  If you are a creationist and want to see Comfort's \\"argument\\" you can save yourself some money and just stick your head in the sand, I mean, the bible for this is the source of his \\"argument.\\"
B002RDGR2I|4.0|With only two studio albums under their belt prior to \\"In This Light and On This Evening\\", Editors have proved themselves to be fairly consistent in their sound.  When I heard they were working on a third album, I had high expectations and wanted it to essentially pick up where the previous two albums left off.  Then I heard that Flood was slated to produce the album and my expectations immediately went away, leaving me wondering what direction the band was going.  Upon first listen, Flood's influence is plainly obvious.  This is not the Editors we've come to know and love and I was not impressed with this album after the first listen.  That said, after multiple listens, I have found a new admiration for this band and the direction they've taken.  Lyrically and melodically, not much has changed.  Substitute their familiar guitar sound with synthesizers and that describes \\"In This Light and On This Evening\\" in a nutshell.  The first single \\"Papillon\\" does not try to ease listeners into the band's new sound at all.  Instead, it starts with the synthesizers up front and personal.  The hammering melody that kicks off this song is instantly infectious and definitely \\"kicks like a sleep twitch\\", as the lyrics state.  Editors have always tended to keep their albums fairly short and the 9 tracks on this one prove no different.  The new direction may take some getting used to, but spend some time with this album and try not to judge it on 1 or 2 listens.  I think bringing Flood in to produce was a risky move, but the reward is well worth it.
0394818237|1.0|I have the original print of this awesome book.  This print is missing about 30 pages from the original. Not at all acceptable.
B000002UJQ|2.0|I usually like this genre of music, but there is just so much better stuff out there.  A few of the songs on here, like \\"Karma Police\\", \\"No Surprises\\" and \\"Exit Music for a Film\\" are OK, but I find Thom Yorke's singing voice to be really irritating.  The lyrics are for the most part flat and obscure, and I don't find any \\"deeper meaning\\" behind them.  The actual instrumental parts of the songs aren't bad, and I do like the experimentation with different sounds, but it often fails epically, like in \\"Fitter, Happier\\".
B001V9LPWQ|1.0|I was stunned by the age of this movie.  Clearly there was attempts to make it look more modern, but they just look bad.  Very boring.  Even boring for the five year old.  Much better films today.
0767802470|5.0|I hadn't heard of this film until recently, I guess it doesn't have the same popularity in the States as abroad.  Compared to the average Hollywood crap like U571 and Windtalkers, it's on an entirely different level.  You really notice how the suspense and realism in this film make it an excellent portrayal of U-boat warfare.  The characters are memorable as well, and the sound and visual effects are top-notch for a 1980's film (pre-CGI).  It is a long, slow-paced film but definitely worth a watch.
1416585710|3.0|This one just doesn't measure up to the other King novels, a pale comparison to the Dark Tower, in my opinion. It took me a while to get through it and while it is well written, the story never really grabbed me or made a horrific impression on me. I have been truly scared by several of King's novels, It, Pet Sematary, and Duma Key, and inspired and drawn in by others, The Stand, The Dark Tower Series. But this one just didn't do it for me like those other's did.
B000006045|5.0|I love the vast spectrum of sound and tempo in this album, it goes from intense songs like \\"Angel\\" to soft, slow songs like \\"Black Milk\\", which are both excellent songs in their own regard.  I still prefer the first two tracks, but after a few listens the album grows on you.  The guest vocals are a good addition as well, and there is a large variety of instruments used, especially in \\"Inertia Creeps\\", which supposedly was influenced by Moroccan music.  Del Naja's vocals are ominous and monotone, which I feel fits in most of the songs, while Elizabeth Fraser adds a great female counterpart to the album.
B000YRY8BG|5.0|Forget the lame 2009 movie of the same name; the 2003 BBC miniseries that inspired it is the keeper. Think of this as an updated and sexier version of All The President's Men, but with an ending you can't guess at.<br /><br />I first saw this excellent six-part political murder mystery in the UK, where it enthralled everyone for weeks. It totally deserved the gaggle of BAFTAs it won. I'm delighted to have it now on DVD, especially as it features commentary for the first and last episodes.<br /><br />The extremely complex story starts with a bang, literally: two supposed drug-related shootings and the apparent suicide of a House of Commons researcher occur on the same morning in modern-day London. The plot thickens as these disparate incidents appear to intersect with the private life of a rising MP. We tag along as two newspaper investigative journalists assigned to cover these stories dig to expose the truth while navigating through a sea of lies and top-down opposition.<br /><br />State of Play is a dizzy roller coaster ride that requires a tight seat belt and rapt attention. On the technical side everything works superbly: the writing, direction, production design, camera work, editing and music are all first rate. But oh, the acting! Simply stellar.<br /><br />Whoever assembled the British cast for this show deserves a thank-you note for making some inspired choices. John Simm and Kelly MacDonald are spot on as hard-working reporters following an obscure trail that seems to point to  government corruption. Bill Nighy is a delight as their tough-minded, tart-tongued editor; he gets the best lines and pitches them perfectly. James McAvoy is the charming, scrappy outsider invited to join the team, and Marc Warren is hilarious as a weasily lobbyist with the IQ of a light bulb (love the coat, darling). Polly Walker is the cuckolded politician's wife who is attracted to Simm's character on the rebound; and David Morrissey (be still, my heart!) is splendid as the tall,attractive MP caught in the maelstrom.<br /><br />In summary: Like All The President's Men, this miniseries will never get old. Indeed, IMO it should be seen repeatedly as the years pass. Why? Because while politicians may change, their quest for power never does. Caveat emptor.
0545123267|5.0|This is one of those books I really wish carried into a series.  It doesn't need to; the story is well-ended in the last chapter.  I just enjoyed the characters and their story all so much I hated for it to be over.  The various summaries are accurate in terms of the plot of the book.  (A strange pack of wolves are only in the forest near the main character's home during the winters, but they are always there during those months.  Even though they had dragged her away from her own yard and attacked her as a child, she feels connected to them.  Now something inexplicable has happened and she has met a guy who has the eyes of one of them.  Could he be what she thinks he is?  What is really going on?  Has she only found these beautiful friends in time to lose them to the fury of a frightened town?)      I purchased the book for a classroom shelf for 8th graders and it has been passed from hand to hand so many times that my check-out has completely lost track.  Several students got tired of waiting and talked parents into taking them to spend their own money to buy a copy, too.  The girls are especially interested in it, but there are a number of boys who have enjoyed reading it due to the focus on the guys in the book. Lots of students in our school's demographic identify with the mundane family struggles that the main character experiences and the social dynamic of the school.  I personally love the fact that her parents' less than perfect approach to parenting opens the possibilities for the resolution of the story.  It's also way more teen-appropriate than many titles of this genre that are currently available.
0385504225|2.0|I've read all Dan's books (even the one on cryptology \\"Digital Fortress\\" - BTW, I think that was his best) and did like the Da Vinci Code very much. But the Lost Symbol has moved away from some of his best writing and seems to be more of a platform to expound upon his personal beliefs.  In fact, from chapter 125 on, the remainder of the book is just a story form of a manual on Noetics. I believe Dan is trying to push a bit of his personal views in a fictional book - not the first time, of course, but more blatantly then ever before.    If you read it, then you will read the entire book.  But you will look back and wonder why the last 8th of the books was even included, other than for Dan's rantings.
0688014291|5.0|I read this book in less than an hour. The presentation was great and illustrated the points the author wanted to make. I would definitely try the techniques that the authors presented.
B00003CWPR|4.0|I have no intention of plowing my way through all the reviews of \\"Eyes\\" to see if anyone caught the De Sade element in this movie.  The scene of the so-called orgy is in fact a literal representation of the high-literary sex scenes in the novels of the late-18th-century novelist Marquis De Sade.  These scenes occur in all versions of \\"Justine\\" as well as in that novel's \\"twin\\" namely \\"Juliette.\\"  A catalog of Sade's personalized deliberate insult delivered to religious believers and 18th-century worshippers of \\"reason\\" alike would include the following list, all of which items appear in \\"Eyes\\":    (1) a mimicking of a religious edifice, normally a monastery of monks.  Here, the monastery fuses with another element in Sade, namely, the isolated fortified castle.  (2) monks who systematically assault all Christian religious values.  The red-cloaked \\"monk\\" who wields a incense censor (drawn from Roman Catholic religious ceremonies) which is juxtaposed against the near-naked females who form a kind of religious circle around him.  (3) The black cloaks worn the \\"watchers\\"--lots of voyeurism in this sexualized religious ceremony, including those figures who were brought in supposedly to mask the sex scenes--are in fact direct reference to the monk's robe worn by Sade's libidinous monks.  (4) Hints a torture practice--something much more explicit in Sade's fictions--as well as of some mysterious power that can reach outside the monastery/fortress and attack enemies on the outside: a plot factor realized in the incompletely developed harrowing of Dr. Hartford after the ceremony.    All these elements are very \\"literary\\" in the sense of \\"literary allusion\\" to be accidental on Kubrick's part.  Whatever \\"moral\\" theme the movie possesses or pretends to (and it does this sporadically throughout the film), it is clear that Kubrick was trying to bring an updated of a Sadian (and \\"sadistic\\" if you will) version of how late 18th-century \\"rationalist\\" France's literary world was deep-sixed by its own involvement in the French Revolution.  De Sade himself made up a part of this revolution until finally imprisoned for life by Napoleon, but much of his work is satirical in the mainstream tradition of 18th-Century French and English satire.    One of the things Kubrick--for whatever thematic issues he wanted to hawk abroad publcly--was doing was mimicking the view of \\"ordinary\\" people about the absoluteness of the separation between human holiness and human depravity.  Sade scholarship and literary analysis has advanced sufficiently far today for us to recognize that much of his \\"blasphemy\\" is a mirror-image presented to the sentimentalist believer in the goodness of human nature.  For Sade, such a simplicity is mirrored back to the sentimental reader in his rendering of a world consisting of nothing but villains and innocent victims.  Dr. Hartford gets a whiff of this dialectic and then retreats back into his marriage.
0007189958|3.0|Hi    I really enjoyed this book but I don't understand the time frame thing. I am nearly 40 and when I was in primary school there was no instant messaging or emails. At the end of the novel Rosie was 50 so surely email didn't exist in the 70s? I am wondering if Cecilia Ahern is so young she didn't envisage a life without email. Was I too old to have read this book????    I have tried to read as many reviews about the book and no-one mentions this. Perhaps the target audience is younger than me- I can remember a time when we didn't have computers and the only options were letters and phones (born in 1970). Is anyone with me on this? Would welcome anyone's comments.    Cinds
B0010VXOXS|5.0|Era Vulgaris is an album that took a while to grow on me.  I bought the original CD when it was first released.  I bought this 2 CD \\"Tour Edition\\" for the two remix songs and the live material on the bonus disc.  I'm glad I made the investment, this new live material is good stuff.  The high price means this is mostly for die hard fans of the band like me, but if you put yourself in that category, it's well recommended.
B001PPLIEG|3.0|the writers/driector or this one thought, \\"Well, let's just do one chase scene after another and forget about substance.\\"  Lessee, we start out with cars chasing car, then man chasing man, then on to motorcycle chasing car (assault on the motorcyclist and steal the bike) for more motorcycle chasing car. On to boat chasing big boat then little boats chasing little boat....do you see a theme here?  I swear to you it seemed like the entire movie was merely a collection of various chase scenes with a little bit of story squashed in for filler.<br /><br />I like Daniel Craig as the new Bond. The addition here of Olga Kurylenko was pleasant as both she and Craig know their jobs and probably did the best they could with what was offered. Judi Dench has been the best thing that has happened to the Bond series in years and hopefully she will stick around to the bitter end.  Ah, speaking of which, we're back to the movie.  I've spoken of the lack of substance as the negative in this review. For the postive aspects, we do indeed have Ms. Dench, we have a great new Bond, and we have a more serious tone rather than the tongue-in-cheek of Roger Moore or the boring Timothy Dalton.  I really did like Brosnan and thought he suited that type of Bond film.  Craig is perfect for the rough hewn, far from perfect agent. There does appear to be tendancy to kill everyone with no regard for any kind of law (yes, I'm fully aware of the meaning of \\"licensed to kill\\", but still!)<br /><br />Honestly, I'm really hoping the next Bond will rely more on storyline and less on mindless action. Ms. Dench and Mr. Craig have a lot to offer and will a little help from the writers/director I'm sure we'll see a much better Bond film next time.
B002AOWXO0|4.0|When i first heard \\"Relator\\" on TV, i was automatically hooked so buying the cd was a great idea. Do it!
0977476073|5.0|I found it to be very easy to read and understand. The historical and analytical notes in the text were very helpful and made the information much clearer. The book Mein Kampf a translation controversy was also helpful in understanding this translation and it was amazing to see how many errors this edition corrected when compared to earlier translations. Overall, very impressive.
1419359827|5.0|Great book and my husband loved the audio and being able to listen in the car, on a plane after loading in the IPOD.
0307277453|4.0|This is a totally new approach to and further unequivocal proof of Darwin's \\"The Origin of Species.\\"  An original & spellbinding story. Well written & easy to understand. Who, with a modicum of common-sense, can doubt Evolution. Complimentary to Richard Dawkin's \\" The Ancestors' Tale\\"
6305882592|4.0|This movie is just as good as, if not better than I remembered it!  It's funny that a movie which takes such an odd look at death can be so life affirming.  It makes you feel really good.  Maude gives us all permission, no, encouragement to live full out.  I love it!   I tried to give 5 start but the computer wouldn't let me.
044654146X|5.0|How great is the one true God. This book demonstrates His awesome-ness.    It shows the world that Israel is the example of His willingness to bless.   It also points to how amazing it is that even though they are so despised, yet so small, and still exist.   It is an example that hatred from so many in the world is no match for God's love for them.   This book exemplifies why so many are jealous.     Great book to open your eyes.
B002GU5V24|3.0|Like others here I have been looking forward to this release.  But upon receiving it I have the same complaints as others.  The other box sets had a wealth of \\"bonus materials\\"  such as videos, interviews and all had 5.1 versions mixes.  We don't get hardly any of that here!!  No interviews with band members discussing the releases (which I found particularly interesting on the previous sets).  In addition not all of the individual releases in here contain 5.1 surround.  AS a matter of fact just 3 of the albums came with the additional 5.1 mix.  And kind of cheap to not include Live Over Europe.  (\\"Here is a slot for you to put it in!\\"  woo hoo how generous).  And since Live Over Europe was not included there is definetly no 5.1 mix there.  REALLY???  After such great releases with the other three box sets this was a huge let down.  (I personally was hoping for footage from the Seconds Out tour).  I have heard that there is a set coming out called \\"The Movie Box\\" which I will think long and hard about before plunking down my cash.
B001BOA2M0|5.0|This movie shows that men and women in high places can do with absolute no oversite anything.   People can drift in to the deapest levels baste on the marques de sade. Pier Paolo Pasolini   drew on the darkest aspect of man kind it proves with total power what man is capable of and what perversions are able  to proseed when you have no empethy for fellow people i think it is perhaps the most inprtant movie  in modern history it shows what even the nazis would not do morality is a nessery good for the world  we need are barings the sadom and gomora movie mabey or mabey not   watch the movie on your risk with a open mind  weird for the age it was filmed in
B001UV4XL0|1.0|I can't believe people actually like this. This movie is HORRIBLE! First of all why would anyone cast Mila and Steve Zahn as a couple. They have no chemistry. Mila is more of an action star and Zahn is a comedic actor. This movie has a really bad cast including the guy from the tv show Las Vegas. The characters are not believable. Am i really suppose to think Steve Zahn is a serial killer. Theres a reason he does mostly comedy. He's a complete goofball. I don't see how anyone can love this movie. It's quite possibly the worst movie of 2009.
B002R2K6LC|5.0|Calling this band a new generations Simon & Garfunkel would be the easy route to take for any review trying to analyze their music. The similarity exists, but I think that's actually being unfair to this group (not that the comparison itself is insulting). Simon & Garfunkel defined folk rock but this band has demonstrates clear sparks of creativity that causes them to be worth listening to over and over again on their own merits - even within an incredible folk-rock \\"Simon & Garfunkel\\" style this is a group that has managed to find a distinct voice in music, which causes them to rise to the top of bands worthy of being discovered. I've been a fan since Quiet is the New Loud, and each album from Kings of Convenience has offered something new to listeners, slightly different, and always equally amazing. As someone who loved their first two albums, having listened to 'Declaration of Dependence' I am confident enough to believe that fans will not feel any disappointment.  This is a musical journey worth hearing - much more than once! Declaration of Dependence is bliss.
B0029O08WA|1.0|I loved the first Twilight Soundtrack this one not so much. I only like one song. It was a waste of $10 :(.
B000G73UEU|5.0|The artists singing Cohen's music make it come to life.  Much better than listening to Cohen himself (no offense Leonard if you happen to read this).
B0002KQNL8|1.0|I had not seen this film in years! I remembered it being okay, however after 19 years have passed, it has aged tremendously. The score is bad, bad acting, stupid zombies that look like extras from Thriller, and funny scenes that are not even funny. Stick with the first one.
B000RPTQ1C|3.0|I took a chance on Coldplay.  i love the song (Viva La Vida) but the CD is BORING!  They sound like U2...
B0029358GM|2.0|Wilco is one of my top favorite bands. I have been following them since the release of AM. However, I feel really let down by their new CD. The fact is that it is really not good. I do not know how you guys can like this one. Only 2 or 3 tracks are memorable, Bull Black Nova, One Wing, and I'll Fight, the rest is bla bla bla... I really wanted to like this one however, I just hope Wilco find their way to being reborn with their next CD. If you don't believe me listen to Summerteeth or A Ghost is born, then listen to this stuff and you will agree. Sorry
0061914177|5.0|I bought the book on Saturday evening and finished it within a few hours.  Gary's written voice is as lively, straightforward and authentic, as he is in his videos.  I was completely new to Twitter and had not used my Facebook contacts to their full potential.  Within a few hours, I made several connections and implemented strategies that I would not have otherwise used, or even known about!    I am a certified personal trainer and online coach for Team Beachbody (makers of P90X, Turbo Jam, Insanity and Shakeology).  I also have a lifestyle coaching business that I'm about to launch.  Gary has revved me up and shown me what to do to make my businesses successful!  Thanks Gary!      Check me out at [...] and follow me on Twitter @fitnessbyaudrey    [[ASIN:0061914177 Crush It!: Why NOW Is the Time to Cash In on Your Passion]]
B00049QNMG|5.0|Boy does this album bring back memories.  I was a teenager when this album came out.  Since they have remastered and expanded the Alan Parsons Project catalog I jumped on the opprotunity to get all of them!  This album is great.
B002L5GQGY|5.0|What a fabulous document of the pinnacle (thus far) in Joe Bonamassa's career.  Great performances from Joe and the band, plus an amazing version of \\"Further On Up The Road\\" with guest Eric Clapton.  Despite his technical brilliance, the thing that sets Joe apart from all but a few musicians is his ability to really move you with his music.  Great rockers include \\"Ballad of John Henry,\\" \\"Lonesome Road Blues,\\" and \\"Just Got Paid.\\"  Great, emotive Blues include \\"So Many Roads,\\" \\"Stop,\\" \\"Sloe Gin,\\" and \\"Blues Deluxe.\\"  \\"Woke Up Dreaming\\" is a tour-de-force in lightning fast acoustic insanity.  It has been a joy to watch Joe blossom over the last several years from a fierce fretboard phenomenon to a complete musician with all of the tools in his musical toolbox.  He just plain delivers like nobody else out there.  As good as the dvd is, make sure you see him live as his passion is on full display when you see him in person.  Also, check out the iTunes only audio of this concert.  It sounds great cranked in my car!
0887307280|2.0|I just don't get why this book is so popular and gets so many great reviews.  There was a lot of useless fluff in it. The only good point was about the three types of entrepreneurs - and that's been covered by many other reviewers here.  And that's the only reason it got 2 stars instead of 1.
B000050FEN|5.0|One of Brad Pitt's best, and of course the ever talented Morgan Freeman. I definitely reccomed it to any one who enjoys crime drama's or Fight Club.
0061537969|5.0|I just finished Garth Stein's, The Art of Racing in the Rain and, I have to admit, I was left a little misty. This was a wonderful book. As a pet owner, and as someone who recently lost a cherished pet, I found this story very uplifting and comforting. Anyone who has ever loved an animal would do themselves a favor and read this book. I can't wait to share it with others in my life that I know will be touched by it as well. In Enzo (the dog), Mr. Stein managed to capture the true essence of being a dog and a human all in one. His insight was uncanny. I have to wonder if Mr. Stein himself was not a dog in his former life. I'll never look at my pets the same. Also, I feel inspired to put a little Enzo in my life. There is a lot to learn from this kanine observing our world. I think I'm going to try to listen more and be more of an observer like Enzo. Thanks Mr. Stein. I look forward to your continued success. Be brilliant!
0375413405|5.0|I purchased this book for my husband because we had seen Julie and Julia a couple weeks before.  He loves to cook and is good at it. If our family wants more than just your basic meal, we ask Jim to cook; he has requests coming from church friends because of the wonderful contributions he has made for Church Suppers.  So I guess it won't come as much of a surprise that for his own birthday meal he made: Roti de Porc Grand' Mere (page 382), Puree de Pommes de Terre a l'ail (page 520), and Tarte auz Pommes (page 635).  It was a meal to die for and it only took all total about 3 hours to make.  I would highly recommend this book to those who are tired of ho hum food all the time and don't mind taking a few hours in the kitchen to really bless your family and friends.
1416594787|5.0|The best part about this book was it answered any question I have ever though of about how evolution works and how we know what we know.  I have been reading science/evolution books for over a year and was getting bored of reading the same things.  This book is completely different, by not assuming the reader accepts the methods used to prove evolution, Dawkins goes through and explains just how we know what we know.  I have never doubted the evidence for evolution, but I never looked into answers on the little questions about dating and DNA comparison.      Aside from the context of the book the way in which it is written makes it an easy read.  Dawkins interest and excitment over the topic is clear and makes it a joy to read.  I would recommend this book to people who don't think evolution happened to those who accept it and just want to expand on that knowledge.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|The DVD came in timely manner. It was package just like it would have come if I ordered it from [...]<br />I fell in love with the 2nd season of True Blood, and wanted to rent the first season, so I could find out what led up to the events in the second second. My local video store never had the DVD's in stock.
B000006NPY|5.0|For Billy to go from his unique hard rock style to piano / acoustic / electronica and do it this well is actually really scary. This record is every emotion rolled into one, it is perfect. People do not know what they are missing.
B001DWNUCO|1.0|Save your money, don't buy the blu-ray version. This was the worst transfer I've ever seen. It looks worse than a VCR copy.  I know it wasn't filmed in hi-def and I didn't expect hi-def.  But I've bought plenty of movies on blu-ray from old films, and this is just junk. Their was absolutely no remastering at all.
0385504225|2.0|I read for enjoyment, to be taken on an adventure of some kind. While I was taken for a ride, it certainly wasn't an enjoyable one.    It's an annoying read. A chapter ends with a buildup and a question that leaves the reader hanging. As a literary device, this works to build suspense. But when this type of cliff-hanger approach seemingly occurs in every-single-chapter, it gets old, and fast. What little build-up there is, is a let down as the mysteries are revealed and questions are answered. As far as revealing secrets, when the \\"big bomb\\" is dropped, there is little satisfaction and, like the previous novels, we feel duped. The revelation just isn't revelatory. While we may be gotten by a gotcha, it's cheap. This is probably the most consistent failure in all of the Robert Langdon books.    There's no sympathy for any of the characters, nor do we care about the climax or if the protagonists succeed in thwarting the eminent disaster. The character's actions just aren't realistic; it seems they, that in the microcosm of Dan Brown fiction, everyone must act a certain way in order for the plot to unfold as the author would like, regardless of logic (or lack thereof).    What worked in Angels and Demons, worked to a lesser extent in the DaVinci Code, and even less so here. Instead of the author leading us through an adventure, Dan Brown, by the time we're half-way through The Lost Symbol, has to drag us kicking and screaming.    Oh, and let's not forget the post climax denouement in which everything that has been built up through the preceding five hundred pages is torn down. As an author, I must say, it's a talent to be able to restore order, overcome the story's conflict, and yet have the characters grow not a bit.
B0028K3192|5.0|I bought this CD on the strength of \\"Pretty Wings\\" alone.  But after seeing this sexy man in concert recently (in Houston, TX)...OMG, I haven't taken the CD out of my car for a week...His voice, the horn section make this a CD not only to purchase, but to listen to again and again!!!! (Oh, and did I mention how sexy he is?)
0882709194|1.0|If you enjoy scientific illiteracy, well you have the right book. For the rest of us the intro written by Ray Comfort is either a disgrace to intellectual honesty or a gleaming sign of ignorance on an unheard of scale. I do recommend the book, just not Ray's self published version. Go check out the version with the intro by Huxley. That man knows what he is talking about.
B0028R3NCU|5.0|This is the littlest micro SDHC card reader I've come across. It's very well made. It reads & writes extremely fast. The casing is metal, NOT PLASTIC! Way to go Kingston on a very amazing product.
0439023491|3.0|Good read, a bit disjointed and felt rushed at times, but overall a good story.<br /><br />The romance feels rushed and thin, with a cold and calculating heroine, and a gushy Peeta completely devoted to her.<br /><br />The action and suspense is good, although at times seems overly dramatized.<br /><br />If you liked the first, you'll like this one.
B000A59PMO|5.0|I liked this show a lot. The lead character is very winsome and engaging. The plots kept you guessing and the story lines were exciting and fun. It is a great set to get for the family - a lot better than renting 8 out of 10 that are lame, bad and boring DVD's from the store. Each episode you know will be likable. Buy it to keep it.
B002GYVRRI|5.0|This is a fantastic release that sounds amazing.    The surround mix is top-notch and does not sound the slightest bit gimmicky.  The 5.1 mix of \\"Providence\\", which was my least favorite song on \\"Red\\", is now a song that I no longer skip.   The \\"Fallen Angel\\" guitar solo overdubs send chills up and down my spine.  Even the red book CD is an improvement over the previous reissues of \\"Red\\".      In addition, the 4 videos are worth the price alone.  You can tell from the first video that Robert Fripp is not a big fan of being filmed, although it does appear that the camera man was up close and invaded Fripp's personal space.  It is amazing to me that a live recording of \\"Starless\\" from 1974 has been in the vaults all this time and never found its way to Youtube or anywhere else.    My only gripe is with the packaging.  The discs are contained in a slip case that is very difficult to remove.  The slip case fits too tightly.  Hopefully, this will loosen up over time because these discs is going to get a lot of usage.  (I also ordered \\"In the Court of the Crimson King\\" from [...] and received it last week.  The slip case on \\"In the Court\\" has the same exact problem.)     Regardless, all other aspect of the packaging are an improvement over prior reissues.   I cannot recommend this enough.   \\"Crimson King\\" and \\"Lizard\\" are next.  I hope we get all Crimson releases from 1969 - 1975 (and \\"Discpline\\")
B00005UKKF|5.0|Britney always has known how to put on a concert. That is one thing that she will always be known for, is her amazing concerts. She doesn't she stand up on stage and sing, she is the definition of putting on a show. If you looked up \\"show\\" in the dictionary you'd see Britney's picture. Every concert from this one to The Onyx Hotel, to The Circus, have all be amazing and people can't resist Britney's charm and stage presence. If you are a true Britney fan you know what I'm talking about.
B002M3SOWO|2.0|This book said that the condition was new, but it had a big sharpie mark across the pages.
B000BNI90O|3.0|I purchased The Complete Recordings of the Fellowship of the Ring essentially because I wanted to hear the rest of the music that was not included on the single CD version of the soundtrack.  Like most of the LOTR products, I find them pricey and with a lot of premium packaging that I find unnecesary.  I would have preferred a Super Audio CD (SACD) stand-alone option with better sound quality (88/96khz/24-bit) or better yet, a Dolby True HD or DTS Master Audio option as a stand-alone product (no CDs) with lossless audio than either the CDs or DVD-A (only 48khz/24-bit) recording provided in this product.  Could also skip most of the premium packaging to lower the cost.      A couple SACDs or one Dolby TrueHD or DTS Master-Audio disc with a basic case and booklet for about half the price would be much better alternatives for audiophiles more interested in high-quality recordings of music they like rather than the premium packaging.     I wouldn't be surprised to find another version of these recordings from New Line (such as I suggested above) but for an even higher price.  New Line seems especially intent on soaking LOTR fans for every last dollar.
B0029O08WA|5.0|First off, I have to say I love the soundtrack.It includes a mix of relatively unknown artist and also the more mainstream artist.This mix blends so well.Comparing to the Twilight soundtrack, the New Moon soundtrack is much more slower pace and mellow.There's only about 2 moderate pace songs in the entire cd.Some of you might not like this,but really,it fits the mood of the book.My favorite song is 'Roslyn' by Bon Iver & St. Vincent.Overall, I think they did a good job with the collaborations and everything fit well into what I think New Moon represents.
B000V6BE6M|3.0|I purchased The Complete Recordings of the Return of the Ring essentially because I wanted to hear the rest of the music that was not included on the single CD version of the soundtrack. Like most of the LOTR products, I find them pricey and with a lot of premium packaging that I find unnecesary. I would have preferred a Super Audio CD (SACD) stand-alone option with better sound quality (88/96khz/24-bit) or better yet, a Dolby True HD or DTS Master Audio option as a stand-alone product (no CDs) with lossless audio than either the CDs or DVD-A (only 48khz/24-bit) recording provided in this product. Could also skip most of the premium packaging to lower the cost.     A couple SACDs or one Dolby TrueHD or DTS Master-Audio disc with a basic case and booklet for about half the price would be much better alternatives for audiophiles more interested in high-quality recordings of music they like rather than the premium packaging.     I wouldn't be surprised to find another version of these recordings from New Line (such as I suggested above) but for an even higher price. New Line seems especially intent on soaking LOTR fans for every last dollar.
0385504225|3.0|My title pretty much sums up my review.  Dan Brown continues on his page-turning, multiple twist, sprint to the finish line form.  The book is fun and served it's purpose.  But if you're expecting to be blown away like you were with his previous two pieces, I advise you take a step or two back.  The riddles and mysteries surrounding the \\"objects\\" Langdon has in his possession keep this book from deeply falling into the realm of pure science fiction. Though I must admit, I feared this book would spin out of control at the end, but Brown did a good job bringing it together for a semi-realistic and unforgettable ending through a very spooky villain and his fully unveiled plans. My other huge problem with the book, and this is a slight spoiler so beware, the book climaxes 40 pages before the actual end.
B002C6K7N0|5.0|This album rocks from start to finish.  The drums hit hard as well as all the bass and crunching guitars.  Dave hit the mark with this one and it's their best since Cryptic Wrightings.  Keep the faith and spend the money.  You won't be disappointed.
0385504225|1.0|...when Langdon came back to life.  I don't even care what the ending is.  What a waste!!
B000JLPMPS|3.0|There are a plethora of reviews of the movie, but my review is mostly a comparison of the BD vs DVD version. I won't discuss its merits as a western, which is a classic and worthy of 5 stars.  This BD disk is 3 stars for its technical quality.<br /><br />The BD version is worth buying if you don't own the 2 disk special edition, which has the better DVD transfer, and cost more, even after discounts! But if you own the better DVD version and are looking to own the best version for home viewing, hold on.<br /><br />While the audio is crisp and clear, there is no magic in its mastering or imaging, its just clearer sound than the DVD.<br /><br />The BD transfer is generally sharp, but there are moments so dull, I thought I was running the DVD version.  The high resolution of BD removes jaggies seen in diagonal lines and pixelation revealed by DVD resolution projected into a large HDTV, but this BD's colors are often washed out, and edges of objects blurred.  This lack of resolution is much worse in the night scenes including the finale scene, and is 80% less during daylight shots.  Some of the daylight shots do appear as blurry as the night shots. Unlike better BD out there, overall the background elements do not have more striking detail over the DVD. By comparison, a stellar transfer exists even in old movies.  If you are a fan of WWII airplanes, see the 1969 'Battle of Britain' or the classic 2001: Space Odyssey.<br /><br />However, if you don't own the 2 disk set, this BD disk incorporates all the extras of the 2 disk set into one disk, and a better buy than the original DVD release.
B0025KVLT2|5.0|I remember thinking when this album first came out that it was something very different and I really liked it.  The Beatles were taking their fans in a new direction.  This wasn't just music to dance to, but to listen to, to absorb.  As difficult as it is to pick a favorite Beatles' album this one could very easily be at the top of my list.
B0013FSL3E|5.0|My experience with Amazon has been phenomenal!  Every item purchased came on time or before in excellent condition.    I purchased several items for my grandson's birthday Wall-E was in the package deal.  When I saw the beginning of the movie I said he wouldn't like it but to my surprise he loves it askes to watch it over and over.    When all hope seems lost and you find a spark to say it is worth living that's what Wall-E says to me.    Excellent family movie.
B0025KVLSI|5.0|Though I couldn't really pick a favorite Beatles' album this one is right up there in contention as it contains some of my favorite Beatle songs.  The remastering enhances the efforts of the most influential rock and roll band ever.
0061914177|5.0|I really enjoyed this book. Ton's of information but short and to the point. Life is too busy to read bloated books these days and this one really cuts the fat. A true Fillet Mignon here and you will be salivating to get your hustle on. This book is for everyone!!
B001FB4VXU|5.0|This show is really awesome and if you understand it... maybe you are a little bit geek!
B002NXSRX4|1.0|Gave me a vision of what Power Rangers would have been like on crack.  Terrible film, poor acting, decent action, poor writing, and the visual effects in many places make Jurassic Park look state of the art.
B002LFIZDG|4.0|Ever since I first heard them at a Honolulu Tower Records listening booth in 2004, I've been hooked! So how is the new record different from the others? Though some say it's their most mature to date, truth is, it picks up exactly where \\"Riot\\" left off.    Who would have ever thought a modern day acoustic duo could make it so far up the music food chain? Just two guitars and dos duders, who so happen to have the smoothest vocal harmonization and cleanest string tone...Ever! Seu Jorge and his acoustic English to Portugese \\"Bowie\\" rendtions are also on this list.    \\"Declaration of Dependence\\" is a 5-year collective of songs Kings created while both on the road and during sound checks in large, empty concert halls (taken from their lyric booklet. The main reason why I still like CD's over downloading albums). Months before the release, random tracks off \\"Declaration\\" leaked onto the internet. \\"Freedom and it's Owner\\" sounded like could pass as a really catchy \\"Riot on an Empty Street\\" B-side. I'm glad the rest of the album doesn't fail in comparison. Though \\"Declaration\\" is very good, don't be surprised if others say they like their first two better. And while the songs still (thank god) have that signature melancholy beautiful-but-sad people appeal, \\"Dependence\\" has smiley-faced tracks as well. I'm assuming a Scandanavian happy pill fill is in order? AND...one for the doctor! *gulp*    Like French-pop sensation Air, there's something about Kings's music that takes you to a place of both mood and imagination. Though not so much a late 50's Sinbad claymation creation but think more: the changing seasons. Watching water ripples from a window of a summer lake home? Dead trees come winter time? If the KOC could be a color, I'd Crayola a reddish-brown within and outside their guidelines.     No complaints about \\"Declaration\\" cept I personally think they could've done with a better the photo for the cover. I get they were trying to be candid but maybe a more chic and loosley posed portrait (like on their website) would have worked better.     4 stars  \\"Declaration of Dependece\\" by Kings of Convenience
0446581348|5.0|This was my 1st purchase on the site.  I am very pleased with the condition of the book--and the book itself is definitely worth keeping as a reference.
0882709194|1.0|This is not a good edition of Darwins book 'on the origin of species'.  Firstly it contains a 150 page propaganda based introduction written by a young earth creationist.  Secondly, there are 50 pages of on the origin of species missing from the book along with the original introduction written by T.H. Huxley.
B00004UFTU|4.0|PLEASE NOTE that the original recording remastered DOES NOT contain Disc Two with bonus material even though the second disc is listed under this product description.
B001AQTWF2|5.0|The CD came on time as promised in perfect condition. No problems at all. Love this CD. All my best to Whitney in her recovery.
B001M2604U|5.0|This movie was not only a great price, but it arrived in perfect condition.  Nice to have this classic movie on DVD to add to my collection
0316017922|5.0|What a great read! I've recommended it to several people who have enjoyed it equally.    Out of Gladwell's books, I've enjoyed this one the most.    This book generally focuses on education- why some kids are more advantaged than others based on the year he or she is born, why some very famous people became so successful... even how many hours are required for a person to become an \\"expert.\\" The book gives us insight into our educational system- why some practices work and others don't. Very informative, but while he carefully connects the dots between one anecdote to the next, the reader is surprisingly entertained.
B002HWRYJE|5.0|This movie was really more than I expected.  I think this movie is actually two movies.<br /><br />a) If you've never seen Star Trek, you get a first rate action adventure movie that stands alone as one of the best movies (if not the best) of 2009.<br /><br />b) If you're a fan of Star Trek, you get so much more - so many tie ins to the mythology of Star Trek:<br />-How Captain Pike Got Hurt<br />-Why there are so few Vulcans<br />-How Kirk and Spock become great friends<br />-the Kobayashi Maru maneuver history<br />-Where Kirk found Scotty<br />-Where McCoy found Kirk<br />-How Uhura fits into the picture<br />-The wonderful interplay between Chekov and Sulu<br />-Sulu's samurai roots<br /><br />It's all fantastic. The movie is fast paced, exciting, fresh, and has a wonderful comedic flair to it that just had me with a giant grin from ear to ear throughout the entire show.<br /><br />This one is going into my collection - its been preordered and I'm going to watch it again and again.
B001AQTWF2|5.0|This is a great cd,  by the greatest artist ever,  whitney houston proves that even after a long absence she is still has that wonderful voice that made her famous.
B000B5IPDI|5.0|I love this movie! Its my favorite Tim Burton film! It not only has a fantastic cast, but a brilliant story. Its also a lot of fun. It captures the relationship between a father and son and how the son tries to decipher fact from fiction of his father's life. Ewan MacGrower was just fantastic and the rest of the cast delivered great performances. There a million reasons why I believe that this film was Tim Burton's (besides Beetlejuice) best film. Its totally recommend!
B000024ZYP|4.0|On the ECM album THIMAR, released in 1998, the Tunisian oud player Anouar Brahem collaborates with bassist Dave Holland and saxophonist and clarinetist John Surman on eleven tracks where the European jazz tradition and traditional North African music meet and mingle.<br /><br />The instrumentation of oud, bass and saxophone/bass clarinet is rather novel. Although Brahem gets top billing here, often Surman's woodwinds which seems to carry the melody, and the two string players flank him. There are then a couple of tracks like \\"Talwin\\" where Surman sits out, or \\"Waqt\\" where Surman alone appears. But sometimes even when the full trio is present, Brahem can be surprisngly assertive. In \\"Al Hizam Al Dhahbi\\", for instance, Surman gets two long solos, but it is Brahem's brief but fiery one that really wows you. The music is contemplative and relatively slow, but it's not just another album of ECM crystalline, minor key stylings, for the array of timbres and unusual harmonies here is vast.<br /><br />The interplay of the musicians is confident, and the recorded sound quality is amazing. This is definitely a good bet for fans of the ECM label. If I cannot give this album an unqualified recommendation, that's only because a few moments of Surman's playing here and there get a bit too easy-listening. The Amazon reviewer mentions Kenny G, but I recalled more Nightnoise, those mainstays of the new-age label Windham Hill.
B002KVSJ64|1.0|I'm very shocked being a Breaking Benjamin fan that this album was not very good. Breaking Benjamin is one of my favorite bands and I was expecting something great. With a a couple good songs I don't know. Oh well there is always next album
B001FB4W0W|5.0|This is the absolute pinicale of all of the current \\"Vamp\\" series. The show is great and the DVD set is even better. The seller (I bought a used version) was absolutely great and I would gladly recoment them. The DVD set came before its estimated delivery date and the condition was above average. I unreservedely recomend the product and can not wait for the next season!
1440471045|5.0|This is one of the most thoughtful books that I've come across. Siddartha is a Brahmin Hindu who is well liked and appreciated by everyone in his village. He has a great future as a spiritual leader of his community. But he has a restless heart that is in search of a deeper meaning of life. So he leaves his father and travels into the woods and lives a monk like existence for a number of years. Then he and his friend Govinda meet Gotama, the Buddha. Govinda becomes a follower of the Buddha, but Siddartha is too restless to be the follower of any one philosophy. He travels into town and becomes entranced by a beautiful woman named Kamala. They carry on a long intimate relationship, and Siddartha becomes rich and fat and lethargic. He feels like a caged bird, longing for more. So years later, he leaves Kamala and his business associate and heads back into the woods where he befriends a wise old ferryman. Years later, he chances upon meetings with Govinda and Kamala, and even finds out that he has a son through her, which she conceived right before Siddartha left her.    Siddartha loves his little boy, but because of his rebellious attitude, even this does not bring Siddartha fulfillment. I think the main message of the book is that you can acquire all the knowledge you want, but the only way to become wise is by trial and error. You have to live your life, follow your heart, make your mistakes, and someday, you will have the wisdom to know what is best.    I found the book to be deeply touching, but it was hard not to evaluate it through the matrix of my own Christian faith. The Bible tells us that God gives wisdom to those who sincerely ask for it (James 1:5), and you don't have to make tons of mistakes before you become wise.    But the story was enchanting and meaningful and I will probably read it again. Highly recommended.
B00028HBKM|5.0|Timeless, memorable epic on the final moments of the historical Jesus of Nazareth who was called the Christ (\\"the anointed one\\"). Opening scene starts off with Jesus praying in the Garden of Gethsemane at the Mount of Olives, and ends with him walking out of his tomb. No spoilers here about everything else in between.<br /><br />If you're a visual person, watch this movie and appreciate its artistic message, as gruesome as it is portrayed. Flashback technique is used very well. For me, watching this DVD once is enough. I can't stand the sight of all the blood and gore, but know that to be true to reality as the Director would have it to be. Jesus wasn't whipped with just a few strokes as revisionists would like to imagine it to be. If you yet don't understand how Jesus suffered and died, this is THE film to watch. If you want to live in a fantasy world where Jesus' death was a painless one (no one talks about it these days!), whitewashed through quick verablizations at Sunday school at some vague notion of \\"death\\", then this film will shock and terrify you into numbness. This is not recommended for feeble minded kids.<br /><br />If you know little or nothing about Jesus except hearsay, start by reading the Bible first, specifically all the 4 Gospels and the Acts of the Apostles in the New Testament. Next, read \\"The Dolorous Passion of our Lord Jesus Christ\\" by visionary Anne Catherine Emmmerich. Director Mel Gibson used this book as a reference to his movie. Once you're done reading the entire, watch this Mel Gibson movie. Things could be clearer to you then. Stop succumbing to sloth and go read the above first.<br /><br />Jesus' miracles, life, suffering and death would only make sense if viewed in a strictly religious and/or deep Christian spiritual sense. Without understanding these first, I don't know how else you can see Him. How you will react or perceive this movie depends on how much you know about Jesus, or how much you believe or know Jesus, to begin with. This Passion movie doesn't dilute the truth of Jesus and tells it like it is. If not for his false accusers, Jesus may not have died the way that he did. These false accusers happen to be his fellow Jews and other power-hungry politicians of his day. Strangely, most people would prefer to believe in lies elsewhere and cannot appreciate the social, religious, or spiritual tones to Jesus' Person, and his life and death. No one likes to talk about death and the cross these days, but Mel Gibson shows it like it is. Kudos to Director Mel Gibson and this graphic film about the final moments of Jesus' life on earth!<br /><br />If you're Christian, whatever your denomination, perhaps this film could make you appreciate what it means when the Church and Bible say that \\"Jesus died for our sins\\". Of course, this has to read in the context of the cosmology/theology of salvation history.<br /><br />If I had walked with Jesus before he entered Jerusalem and knew of the spiritual significance of his mission, I might tell him not to sacrifice his precious life for this putrid human race! Remember that until today, 5/6 of the world still refuses to understand Jesus. In my opinion, He has wasted His Precious Blood on ingrates!<br /><br />This DVD contains:<br /><br />- subtitles in English/Spanish<br />- commentary<br /><br />Recommended reading:<br /><br />[[ASIN:0486439798 The Dolorous Passion of Our Lord Jesus Christ]]sn't dilute the truth of Jesus and tells it like it is. If not for his false accusers, Jesus may not have died the way that he did. These false accusers happen to be his fellow Jews and other power-hungry politicians of his day. Strangely, most people would prefer to believe in lies elsewhere and cannot appreciate the social, religious, or spiritual tones to Jesus' Person, and his life and death. No one likes to talk about death and the cross these days, but Mel Gibson shows it like it is. Kudos to Director Mel Gibson and this graphic film about the final moments of Jesus' life on earth!     If you're Christian, whatever your denomination, perhaps this film could make you appreciate what it means when the Church and Bible say that \\"Jesus died for our sins\\". Of course, this has to read in the context of the cosmology/theology of salvation history.    If I had walked with Jesus before he entered Jerusalem and knew of the spiritual significance of his mission, I might tell him not to sacrifice his precious life for this putrid human race! Remember that until today, 5/6 of the world still refuses to understand Jesus. In my opinion, He has wasted His Precious Blood on ingrates!     This DVD contains:    - subtitles in English/Spanish  - commentary          Recommended reading:    [[ASIN:0486439798 The Dolorous Passion of Our Lord Jesus Christ]]
B001V9LPWQ|5.0|Snow White was one of my favorite Disney movies as a child, so I was thrilled to get the DVD. Previously I had the VHS, which has aged considerably. If you love Disney movies, don't pass up the opportunity to pick up this gem. Once gone, it will be some time before Disney releases it again.    The extra features are quite interesting, a great addition to the movie. The refurbishment they've made to the movie is fantastic. The colors are cleaner and the movie much lighter than my VHS. I can really see the difference.
B002KQ6BT6|2.0|I enjoyed Dan Brown's other books, but felt that this one was way too formulaic; it felt so similar in pattern to The DaVinci Code that I was very put off.  However, I kept reading and hoping for it to improve.  As with his other books, I got caught up in the story of the power of that one insane individual who ends up controlling so many people and threatening so much danger.  The rapid pace, intensity, and unknown dangers make you anticipate a spectacular ending, which you cannot imagine yourself, so you read as fast as you can to end the suspense.  The problem is, Dan Brown could not imagine that ending, either.  The letdown is huge.  I don't think I'll be reading Dan Brown in the future.
B001P06GX4|5.0|I bought this game for my 9 year old son because the Math Club was going to be playing it and I wanted to learn about it.  We played it as a family and even my 5 year old was really into playing it.  We try to play it now on a regular basis as it is a lot of fun and educational at the same time.  Ended up buying two more to give as gifts.
B0025KVLUQ|5.0|THE CD AND THE TRANSACTION WENT PERFECTLY. I DON'T HEAR ANY DIFFERENCE IN QUALITY FROM THE ORIGINAL
6303029027|5.0|One of the best movies I've ever seen.  Robert DiNero and the rest of the cast are excellent.  This movie has violence, drama and the plot is absorbing.  It's about a young boy trying to find himself in the streets of New York.  The actor who portrays DeNiro's son is riveting.  I bought this movie just to watch his acting.  He's that good.  He gives a powerful performance you want to see over and over again.  The one who plays him as a younger boy is also excellent.  This movie deals with racism and love between a young black girl and Italian boy. It's well done.
B0025KVLVA|5.0|I ENJOYED THIS CD BUT, IT SOUNDS LIKE IT ALWAYS HAS. I DON'T KNOW WHY IT'S NEW OR DIFFERENT. SOUNDS FINE TO ME; AMAZON ALWAYS A ASSET.
B000WS4QJG|5.0|I would have been happy if this had been nothing more than the original Thriller recording. In addition to the original material I got new material and a great DVD that my kids love. This is the version to buy at the right price.
0385504225|1.0|I was expecting a work of art, a museum piece like the \\"The Da Vinci Code\\", instead I purchased a drawing hanging from a refrigerator, also know as the \\"The Lost Symbol\\".  After awaiting the arrival of this book with anticipation of a few nights of terrific entertainment I find myself sorely disappointed.<br />There is not much that I can add that has not already been well hashed out in the other reviews other than SAVE YOUR MONEY ON THIS ONE.
1416972242|4.0|Don't get me wrong, the book is very different from other books that I've read. No let me refrase that; Its a great book, with a great plot and well written characters. Downside you say? Well I still don't feel comfortable that the brother and sister fall in love! I am thinking that the author will change it in the third book (Have not read it yet), but still, you just feel uncomfortable that they are brother and sister! I am to the point that when Clary thinks about Jace or kisses him my reaction would be aaah, they love each other...but then reality is that they are BROTHER AND SISTER.....then I think to myself, what the heck am I saying! I don't know whether or not they are brother and sister (my guess is yes cause thats nasty..) but honestly, when I told my little sister about the book and told her she has to read the series she was like, \\"oh, well I don't have time, what makes this one different than the rest? I know, girl falls in love with boy, something happens and they cant be with each other..\\" then I told her, \\"you have to read it, its a good book...by the way, you are right, but what you dont know is that they are brother and sister...\\" And she picked up the book right away.....so yes, its a good book, but the author totally needs to change that part!!    I am not giving 5 stars just becasue of that issue.....
B00140PK6O|5.0|The village of \\"never changing\\" Cranford is about to be beset by many changes.  New generations, with differing aspirations, sometimes in conflict with the more established citizens, nevertheless treat one another with due respect.  The producers of Cranford have done a magnificent job of re-creating for us the scenery and, most of all, the characters that make up this complete little society, complete with aristocracy, gentry, and the laboring poor.  The stellar cast composed of so many of our favorites greatly enhanced our enjoyment.  Thanks, again, BBC!
1416914307|5.0|Gosh! finally...I dont have to feel guilty about the boy falling in love with the girl! Gosh, it took her a while though! Overall, it was a satisfying ending. A very good good read. I enjoyed it very much and WILL reccomend it to my friends, although I have to tell them to tuff it out in the first book (sister and brother affection) but other than that the book was great! Can't wait for sity of falling angels!
0375413405|5.0|This was a gift to my gourmet cook daughter-in-law.  She couldn't put it down!
B002RHL8DC|3.0|I just finished watching this.  Its nice to have the VOD version as there are no ads.  I haven't read any other reviews yet.<br /><br />I knew a little about the show from a co-worker.  I knew it was dark and I understood about the ship.<br />I love the way the did this episode with flashes back to the history of the different characters as the current events are happening.  My first question of why they would send people through if they didn't know where it lead to was covered.<br />I like Eli.  I am not sure how I feel about the others.  Honestly, I can't recall their names.<br />The episode kept my attention the entire time, which is a good thing.  I did not feel the urge to check my BlackBerry or fast forward.  However at the end, I wasn't sold on the show yet, but I did want to watch the next episode to see what happens.
1416550542|5.0|The Forgotten Garden is that best and rarest type of book:  a story skillfully written and clean.  By clean, I mean none of the foul language, graphic sex scenes or sordidness that is all too common in today's books.  Kate Morton tells her story in a way that is lyrical and gentle -- almost like one of the fairy tales that are a recurring theme in the book.  Although she includes some truly warped characters in her book - namely Adeline, Linus and Mrs. Swindell -- she conveys their demented-ness in a way that draws a very clear picture for the reader without being disturbing.  She had plenty of opportunities to descend into the sordid -- Eliza's childhood in London and Linus' obsession with his sister and later his niece offered opportunities that most of today's writers would have taken full advantage of.  And yet, Morton never did.  And her novel is so much the better for it.<br /><br />What appealed to me about this book was the connection and empathy I immediately felt for each of the main characters:  Nell, Cassandra, Eliza and even Ruby (who wasn't a main character).  Each of them suffered loss, isolation and loneliness in a way that I could identify with.  And the very best line in all of the book was that uttered by Ruby to Cassandra:  \\"You make a life out of what you have, not what you're missing.\\"  Wow.<br /><br />What is best about Morton's story is the creative way in which she tells it.  She weaves back and forth between 2005, 1975 and 1900, between Australia, London and Cornwall, and gradually reveals the story, peeling back the layers as it were to reveal the truth a little at a time.  It is like a journey through the garden maze that is another central theme of the book.  I will be careful here, so as not to spoil it for those who haven't yet read the book, but as she gradually reveals bits of the truth your mind will race ahead and leap to conclusions, then as the end draws near you will be disappointed that it wasn't as you thought but was only the obvious, then at the very end you will discover that you actually were right all along.  Only Morton adds a little twist of her own to surprise you.<br /><br />What is worst about Morton's story is the insipidness of all the male characters.  They never emerge much from the shadowy background, and are controlled by the women.  Nathaniel seemed particularly weak -- I wanted to slap him.  Although I think the book would have been even better with stronger male characters, still Morton's crafting of the story is successful -- because this is a book about women written for women, after all.<br /><br />Seldom do I venture outside of books by Christian authors and Christian publishers.  In this case, I'm glad I did.  This is wonderful writing.  The book is over 500 pages long but is fast reading, especially as I picked it up at every opportunity.  If only there were more books like this!  I look forward to reading more works by Kate Morton.t the very end you will discover that you actually were right all along.  Only Morton adds a little twist of her own to surprise you.    What is worst about Morton's story is the insipidness of all the male characters.  They never emerge much from the shadowy background, and are controlled by the women.  Nathaniel seemed particularly weak -- I wanted to slap him.  Although I think the book would have been even better with stronger male characters, still Morton's crafting of the story is successful -- because this is a book about women written for women, after all.    Seldom do I venture outside of books by Christian authors and Christian publishers.  In this case, I'm glad I did.  This is wonderful writing.  The book is over 500 pages long but is fast reading, especially as I picked it up at every opportunity.  If only there were more books like this!  I look forward to reading more works by Kate Morton.
B002RHI4T8|3.0|One thing is for sure, this is not the Stargate I knew and loved.  I watched this episode tonight directly after the 1st one.<br />This looks and feels a lot like Battlestar Glatica.  I did not like that show.<br />So far, this show is much darker, both in the show and literally.  I guess being on a really old ship in outer space lends itself to darkness.<br />I figure it is too early to really know the characters, I am not feeling most of them.  I still can only remember the name of one person, Eli.  I thought he was amusing.<br />Overall, I will probably watch the next episode, but I am still unsure about the show.
B000A7DVR2|4.0|Director: Joel Coen<br />Writer: Ethan Coen, Joel Coen<br />Starring: Jeff Bridges, John Goodman, Steve Buscemi, Julianne Moore, David Huddleston, Philip Seymour Hoffman, John Turturro, Sam Elliott<br /><br />Joel and Ethan have been making fantastic movies for a while now, but The Big Lebowski will always be their most popular. It's one of those films you immediately think of when the words \\"cult classic\\" come up. With so many memorable characters and a story you won't soon forget (if you can follow it), The Big Lebowski deserves most, if not all, the underground hype it has gotten over the last decade or so.<br /><br />A bizarre case of mistaken identity sends our slacker hero The Dude on a mission to replace his soiled rug. He and his bowling buddies Walter and Donny subsequently get mixed up in a high stakes kidnapping-for-ransom plot with another, wealthier and more successful Lebowski in early 1990's Los Angeles.<br /><br />It's hard for me to not give this movie a higher score. There are so many hilarious and quotable moments that you can watch it over and over and never get bored. Performances by Bridges and Goodman are classic, and the characters themselves take on a life of their own by the end of the film. However, there are too many times where the story either lags too much or surges forward without giving you time to comprehend the new information. There are a few too many plot twists for me to take it seriosly as a crime/detective story.<br /><br />It's a decent merger of black comedy and neo-film noir, but many times I found myself laughing through important plot information. I finally got the story down cold on the third time through. On some level this is a compliment, and a testament to how funny it is, but it's an odd experience to laugh your way through a movie, then be unable to describe what it was about five minutes later.<br /><br />Final Score: 8/10
0307716988|4.0|I don't think anyone will ever truly, 100% know what made MJ \\"the greatest entertainer that ever lived\\"; what fueled his creative process and musical genious, or how he could truly feel love and compassion towards complete strangers he didn't know and why he felt compelled to help them however he could. MJ was a very private person (and with all the salicious lies and outrageous stories printed by the tabloids it's no wonder!), but in this one book, in his own words, he opens up and shares with us a little tiny bit about what he, Michael Jackson the man, is truly about. In the same way that Paris' speech at the end of the Memorial Service humanized him in the eyes of the public, this books makes you realize he is human, with feelings, wants and needs just like the rest of us. This book is a \\"must read\\" if you really want to know the truth about MJ. I give it 4 1/2 stars (but only 4 stars can be selected) because I really wish there had been more pictures; there are only a very few photographs. Then again, maybe that was his intent- to allow us to focus on his words instead of his physical image, and to see him as a person instead of a personality.
B000050FEN|5.0|Director: David Fincher<br />Writer: Andrew Kevin Walker<br />Starring: Brad Pitt, Morgan Freeman, Gwyneth Paltrow, Kevin Spacey<br /><br />This film is a great example of how every aspect of film making can come together to create a stellar drama in a brilliant and visceral world. David Fincher directs a stellar cast in this modern crime classic.<br /><br />Big city detectives Mills (Pitt) and Somerset (Freeman) find themselves investigating a serial killer who chooses his victims based on the seven deadly sins.<br /><br />I think this is David Fincher's best film. While the acting comes up just short of perfection (with the obvious exception of Spacey, who is brilliant in what little screen time he has), the story and visual feel of this movie will keep you ensnared the entire time. I especially enjoyed the non-traditional aspects of the character development. Many of the characters could easily have devolved into predictable stereotypes, good cop/bad cop, crazy killer, etc. However, so many scenes and characters evolved differently than you would expect, but still very logical. It's as if to say \\"we know how you would expect this to go, but here is an alternative. Didn't expect that, did you?\\" The unpredictability of the story is the hook that won't let you go.<br /><br />Between scenes of brutal and often horrifying killings and witty dialogue, the world of Se7en had me from start to finish. And speaking of finishes (and without giving anything away), the ending hit me in the gut with a sledgehammer. I never saw it coming. I would rank the final scene of Se7en right up there with the best of them. It's as shocking as it is brilliant.<br /><br />Final Score: 10/10
0786838655|5.0|\\"Harry Potter\\" and the success of the \\"Lord of the Rings\\" films touched off a massive revival of children's (and adult's) fantasy literature.  \\"Lord of the Rings\\" is the inspiration for the high fantasy genre, while Rowling's writings have become the most famous example of urban/low fantasy (the interaction of magic with our world).  \\"The Lightning Thief\\", the first of what would eventually be five books by author Rick Riordan, is perhaps the strongest of the post-Rowling books.  Eschewing standard European wizarding tropes, Riordan bases his fantasy world on Greek mythology, one of the great treasure-troves of Western literature.  Some spoilers follow.<br /><br /> Our main character is Percy Jackson, a 12-year-old New Yorker who has been dogged throughout his young life by strange occurrences.  He eventually finds out that he is a half-blood - a demigod child of one of the Olympian pantheon.  Whisked from the pursuit of monsters to a special summer camp for children like himself (who are magnets for monster attacks), he gains the expected group of friends, mentors, and rivals (and a disinterested camp counsellor).  But sinister forces are on the move, appearing in Percy's dreams, and, per the title, Zeus' master-bolt is missing, threatening to touch off a war between the Thunder God and his brother Poseidon.  If many of these plot elements strike you as familiar, there are indeed a lot of parallels between this series and J. K. Rowling's template.  The similarities between Hermione Granger and Riordan's Annabeth Chase, say, are inescapable.<br /><br /> In a lot of ways, though, that's hardly a fair knock.  The heroic trio was not Rowling's invention; you can observe a very similar grouping in, for example, \\"Buffy the Vampire Slayer\\", which debuted at the same time as \\"Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone\\".  Riordan is making use of various tried-and-true literary tropes.  Of course, one doesn't doubt that Rowling's example is on the mind; how could it not be?<br /><br /> The good news, regardless, is that Riordan takes these familiar elements and spins them in an entertaining way, one that also manages to seem fresh and surprising.  For adults who are fans of Greek myth, there's quite a bit of fun to be had here.  \\"Percy Jackson and the Olympians\\" joins a corpus of literature that integrates the Olympians into the modern world, dealing with issues of how the changing times affects the former gods of the world (see also:  the novel \\"Gods Behaving Badly\\", Marvel Comics' \\"Incredible Hercules\\", and Greg Rucka's run on \\"Wonder Woman\\").  Whereas Tolkien and Rowling's novels were marked by a distinct Britishness, Riordan's stories are quintessentially American.  There's a great deal more irony and the like.  This first book is at times a bit choppy, but it's very much worth reading.  There's an undercurrent of mature subject-matter that is at times quite surprising (the resolution to Percy's problematic stepfather, for example).<br /><br /> Overall, this is an excellent fantasy novel.s, regardless, is that Riordan takes these familiar elements and spins them in an entertaining way, one that also manages to seem fresh and surprising.  For adults who are fans of Greek myth, there's quite a bit of fun to be had here.  \\"Percy Jackson and the Olympians\\" joins a corpus of literature that integrates the Olympians into the modern world, dealing with issues of how the changing times affects the former gods of the world (see also:  the novel \\"Gods Behaving Badly\\", Marvel Comics' \\"Incredible Hercules\\", and Greg Rucka's run on \\"Wonder Woman\\").  Whereas Tolkien and Rowling's novels were marked by a distinct Britishness, Riordan's stories are quintessentially American.  There's a great deal more irony and the like.  This first book is at times a bit choppy, but it's very much worth reading.  There's an undercurrent of mature subject-matter that is at times quite surprising (the resolution to Percy's problematic stepfather, for example).     Overall, this is an excellent fantasy novel.
1594488916|1.0|As a collector of several decades, I was interested in this book.  I know some of the dealers, and could speculate on others, and I have had some experience with at least two book thieves.  So I anticipated with some excitement, this story.  It was a mistake. This book is terrible. The author clearly identified with, and romanticized the thief.  This thief is a petty criminal, and his problem is not even worth the time. She has no patience with Ken Sanders, the person who identified him, and did his job trying to stop him. And if she has an interest in the reasons for these thefts and the the concerns of the bookdealers, she ends up confused and muddled.  What I would like to do was return the book, but the store was too smart for that.
0740785508|4.0|First, let me say that the content of the book is beyond excellent. It surely delivers on its premise, of showing you how to paint what doesn't exist.     What I dislike however is that the content of the book is basically lifted straight out of James Gurney's blog([...]). A lot of passages are copied directly from it, and all of the things discussed can be found on the website. Not only that, but the website features much more information then the book does and it's free.     Since I have read the entire blog, I was disappointed when I started reading the book.     All considered, I don't think I can say \\"save your money, and go read the blog,\\" since some of the money from the sale of the book will go towards supporting the website.     But I would suggest going through the blog once you finish the book.
B001WCN23W|5.0|for some reason, this album seems to hold a lifetime of teen memories.  for me, it's one of best ever.
B000002GBD|4.0|4 1/2 Stars = Minor Masterpiece<br /><br />1975's \\"Hair of the Dog.\\"<br /><br />Now here is an album that breath's 1975 through the speakers. It was not the heaviest album of that year, but it sure did & does rock! The self titled song is \\"Hair of the Dog,\\" featuring the classic line, \\"now your messing with a son of a bitch,\\" was a minor hit, & we used to count how many times \\"son of a bitch\\" was sung. I can't remember now for sure, but it seems like over thirty times. Hey, that is mild by today's standards, but 1975? Next \\"Miss Misery\\", rocks with authority & has a hooky riff you won't forget. \\"Love Hurts\\" is almost as syrupy as the original cover by the Everly Brothers in 1960, but for some reason it fits here, & was Nazareth's biggest radio hit. Maybe I liked it because I was 15 at the time & had visions of true love, LOL! \\"Changin' Times\\" was & is one of the best Nazareth's riff rocker's that I've ever heard, good stuff here! \\"Beggar's Day\\" is another riff rocking treasures. \\"Rose's in Heather\\" is just a beautiful instrumental, it seems as Nazareth had a real talent for this type of song. \\"Whiskey Drinking Woman\\" is a bluesy little jewel about a girl friend (wife?) who just likes to imbibe a little too much, a favorite here of mine, it brings a smile to my face every time I hear it. The last song is \\"Please Judas Me,\\" & is with no doubt my favorite of the album, it's ethereal & exotic, & has very potent lyrics about treachery in friendships, & just people making judgments of others they really don't understand. A good song to take to heart as any.<br /><br />All in all \\"Hair of the Dog\\" is probably Nazareth's best effort. It still sounds good 34 years later, & that is saying something. It is a record that brings back many memories of the days of my youth, & a time where things were simpler & to some extent purer than they are today, at least in my life.
B001MYIXAC|4.0|I just finished John Ajvide Lindqvist's novel yesterday and was interested to see how the story was captured on film so I watched the DVD last night. I have to say this is one of the rare cases where I actually liked the film better than novel, but I have to qualify that by saying that if I hadn't read the novel, I wouldn't have enjoyed the film as much as I did. Does that make sense?<br /><br />The basic storyline is that 12 year old Oskar is an outsider, bullied at school, living with an overbearing mother and he fantasizes about killing his classmates. Eli is a young girl who moves in next door to Oskar and the two strike up a friendship. But Eli is an outsider as well...for much darker reasons.<br /><br />Because I'm not into spoilers I won't say any more. I do recommend you read the novel before viewing, you will get much more from the film that way. Also, if you are hoping this is another \\"Twilight\\" keep looking. \\"Let the Right One In\\" is actually more of a drama than a horror film.<br /><br />I think the movie clicks for so many reasons, Lindqvist adapted the novel himself and wrote the screenplay. The novel is so melancholy, and Lindqvist adds a few touches to the story that help lighten it up a bit. Don't get me wrong, this isn't going to be \\"the-feel-good-movie-of-the-year\\" no matter how you cut it, but it's not steeped in the morose tone that the novel is. Simply becuase of the 2 hour running time, quite a few aspects of the original story are altered, glossed over, or left out altogether. I have to say I was disappointed Hakan's story was cut short and altered and I would have liked to see Eli's back-story included. But I understand the reason for their removal.<br /><br />I think the reason the film worked so well, and why I enjoyed it so much was simply the acting performances turned in by the two young stars. Kare Hedebrant as Oskar does a great job! The young actor's expressions, the emotions he conveys with simply looks were amazing, you really felt for Oskar. And to top it off, Lina Leandersson as Eli is equally as good. I was very interested to see who the cast as Eli. She had to be sympathetic, but also have that edge of danger and mystery that make the character so enjoyable. Lina captures Eli perfectly, at times seeming much older than 12, yet still maintaining a child-like quality. The two young stars do such a great job, I can't picture anyone else attempting these roles.<br /><br />Which leads me to this, watch this version of the film. From what I understand, Hollywood has gotten their hands on this thing and you just know it's going to be watered down pap. The title is even being changed to \\"Let Me In\\"...is this the Big Bad Wolf story??? Knowing how Hollywood works, they will probably cast a couple kids from the Disney Channel, pack the soundtrack with crap by American Idol contestants, and have the kids wearing all black to show how \\"deep\\" they are.<br /><br />Pick this up, make sure you get the corrected subtitles, and simply enjoy., Lina Leandersson as Eli is equally as good. I was very interested to see who the cast as Eli. She had to be sympathetic, but also have that edge of danger and mystery that make the character so enjoyable. Lina captures Eli perfectly, at times seeming much older than 12, yet still maintaining a child-like quality. The two young stars do such a great job, I can't picture anyone else attempting these roles.    Which leads me to this, watch this version of the film. From what I understand, Hollywood has gotten their hands on this thing and you just know it's going to be watered down pap. The title is even being changed to \\"Let Me In\\"...is this the Big Bad Wolf story??? Knowing how Hollywood works, they will probably cast a couple kids from the Disney Channel, pack the soundtrack with crap by American Idol contestants, and have the kids wearing all black to show how \\"deep\\" they are.     Pick this up, make sure you get the corrected subtitles, and simply enjoy.
0882709194|1.0|As a literary connoisseur of sorts, I am thoroughly nauseated by the way in which this contrivance has been regurgitated upon the reading public. I am likewise disgusted with the unabashed parasite that would sully such a beautiful work as the \\"Origin of Species\\" with what can only be described as an atrocious attempt, resulting in an indigestible goulash of ill-conceived thoughts. Only, for the likes of Ray Comfort, this is by no means the worst. For, not only does this poster child for inanity attach a fifty page diatribe of the typical creationist misconceptions, delusions, and outright lies masquerading as a foreword to Charles Darwin's unassailable work, these repugnant cretins (Comfort, Cameron, and Publishers) also removed many important sections from the original work in an attempt to hide the very evidence contradicting their claims.<br /><br />Ray Comfort attempts, in his typical egregious fashion, to disparage Darwin by portraying him and his theory as racist in nature. When in fact, any light perusal of any of Darwin's letters, his, \\"Voyage of the Beagle\\" or even an unbiased reading of 'Origins' would give ample evidence of the opposite, he was in fact an overly kind and unassuming \\"Victorian Gentleman\\" and loving father. Please, Google Darwin's interaction with the natives of Tierra Del Fuego for an example of his humanitarian character.<br /><br />It would seem to me that if you want to read \\"The Origin of Species\\" search for ISBN-10: 0451529065 with an Introduction by Julian Huxley. If you are a creationist, why would reading interest you? All you need to do is ask a man that believes in talking snakes about science.
B000YO5PJ8|3.0|I was disappointed when I received the album--The packaging was ripped, which damaged the album sleeve.  The big rip in the sleeve was a big letdown.  More secure packaging may help prevent this kind of damage in the future.  Since this came from the UK, I can't send it back.
0618918248|4.0|The value of this book for atheists isn't so much what it reveals as what it signifies. It is really a milestone in the development of a socially acceptable atheist community. For theists it also has some value, both in terms of knowing thine enemy and in terms of understanding theism better. As per usual this book displays some great Dawkins writing.
0307716988|5.0|This is an absolute must read.  Mr. Jackson in his own words.  I finally found this book after it was out of print.  I had been looking for the book for years.  I just wish that Michael could've written another autobiography later in life.  I love you Michael.
B002GZQYMK|4.0|Absolution is my favorite Muse CD. It is the essence of their style. The Resistance takes a different turn and I think dissapoints true Muse fans who love them for their turn on music. If it wasn't Muse I would of given this CD a five because it is excellent but since it has changed so much .... a four.
0882709194|5.0|It's not often I'm lost for words, but this is one of those rare occasions.    This is a truly stunning achievement from Ray Comfort, a man with no obvious understanding of science or reality, and a fellow who can be seen on camera as describing the humble banana as being \\"the atheists' nightmare\\", simply because he did what most Creationists do when \\"debunking\\" the theory of evolution, and didn't bother with anything so trivial and inconsequential as actually checking the facts.    The reason I've given this book the 5 stars it so clearly deserves is because I think it's important to ensure as many educated, intelligent and free-thinking people as possible show this book to their children and say, \\"look kids, this is what blind dogma does to you -- it turns you into a complete moron\\".    -- Jon
0689878451|1.0|I was not happy when my first grader brought this book home from the class book bin as part of the reading incentive program.  It is not a science/research book as it was supposed to be.  Be careful what your children bring home as incentive reading.
0385504225|2.0|I have read all of Dan Browns books so far and this one just felt a little limp. It's not horrible but there are some issues for sure. With several small details that don't add up and Professor Robert Langdons character feeling a bit inconsistent throughout it really ended up being a small let down for me. Overall it was 'okay' but the story built up to a conclusion that didn't really seem to be all that important. More of just a fizzle at the end. It really felt like it was written with a movie producer hovering near by as well...
B001GCUO1Q|5.0|I AM VERY HAPPY WITH MY PURCHASE BECAUSE ARRIVED WITHIN THE PROMISED TIME AND CONDITIONS. PRICE WORTH IT
0061703257|4.0|When I saw the preview for the movie coming out next year, I was intersted in reading the book.  I picked it up at the library and started reading it that night. The next morning I was still thinking about what a creepy and horrifying story it was. The images that Lehane is able to produce using his words are so tangible, the images that nightmares are made of. I enjoyed this book very much, I did not give it 5 stars, though. I felt that the ending was a bit predictable, and seemed almost anti-climactic. I noticed a lot of people mentioning the dialogue being a bit stale and kind of cheesy, but if you understand the ending, you should be able to grasp that there is a reason why the dialogue sometimes plays like a bad cop movie. If you take the time to really read this book, and understand how everything fits together, I would think that you would enjoy it very much, as I did. I'm very curious to see how the book will be interpreted into the movie.
B001UV4XUG|5.0|One of those rare films where style and originality don't take away from heartfelt poignancy; `(500) Days of Summer' is a beautifully composed and constructed love story.  Yes, I know that it makes you painfully away in the first few seconds that it is NOT a love story, but if you believe that then you're a sucker for a tall tale.  This is not a conventional love story, sure, but when all is said and done, `(500) Days of Summer' is one of the most splendidly accurate depictions of love put to film.<br /><br />The film jumps sporadically through the 500 day whirlwind romance between Tom and Summer.  The film actually begins in the middle, after a nasty breakup, and then jumps back to when they met and so on and so forth.  This filming style has been used by quite a few filmmakers and it's a style that either works extremely well or completely butchers a movie.  This is one instance where the style is almost necessary.  Sure, this tale could have been told in a straight forward canonical fashion, but the film really drags us in by teasing us with future events, keeping us completely engaged as we contemplate what led up to what we are witnessing.<br /><br />It was a smart move that I applaud.<br /><br />One thing that I really admired about the film is that fact that Summer Finn is basically presented as a blank canvas.  One of my friends noted that the film fails to really give us any reason for Tom to become so obsessed with her.  In the film his sister Rachel even comments that Tom only loves her because they like the same band.  The thing to remember is that the story is being told from Tom's perspective.  We are not getting two sides of the story here, and so what we see is what Tom sees, and not all of it is accurate.  Even the film acknowledges that, as can be seen from what Rachel says to Tom.  This is a story about how we can blind ourselves to the faults and missteps of the ones we love.  Tom thinks everything is perfect, everything is wonderful and so we, the audience, see everything as wonderful.  Summer's outbursts and significant `pulling away' seems almost out of place and unwarranted because all we can see are the blinders that Tom has put up.  It's a very bold and brutally honest move, and I really admire the film for not taking the generic route of creating a faux love hate relationship.<br /><br />Nothing about this film feels `done before'.<br /><br />One aspect of the film that really embraced me was the beautiful way in which it was shot.  The film feels so crisp, with beautiful lighting that gives the film an almost sun drenched appearance.  It's a nice compliment to the fanciful idea of everlasting love, which Tom entertains throughout.  In particular is the scene towards the end, where high expectations and bitter realities are delivered side by side on split screen.  The sequence is probably my favorite in the film.<br /><br />The performances are all very good, Joseph Gordon-Levitt once again delivering a stunning performance, one that is much different than anything he's ever done before.  He proves that he can fuse the funny aspects of his acting style with the dramatic and make it believable.  He is the perfect love-sick puppy here.  Zooey Deschanel (who has always been one of my favorite actresses) is the perfect doll to dote over.  She is beautiful and charming and witting and interesting, and even here, when playing a near figment of Tom's imagination, she is stunning and completely commanding.<br /><br />`(500) Days of Summer' has it all.  It has romance, drama, comedy and it even sports a sublime musical scene that just gives the entire film a facelift.  It is a very, very smart film that never sacrifices honesty for art.  This is certainly one of the best films of the year, and maybe even the decade.thing as wonderful.  Summer's outbursts and significant `pulling away' seems almost out of place and unwarranted because all we can see are the blinders that Tom has put up.  It's a very bold and brutally honest move, and I really admire the film for not taking the generic route of creating a faux love hate relationship.      Nothing about this film feels `done before'.    One aspect of the film that really embraced me was the beautiful way in which it was shot.  The film feels so crisp, with beautiful lighting that gives the film an almost sun drenched appearance.  It's a nice compliment to the fanciful idea of everlasting love, which Tom entertains throughout.  In particular is the scene towards the end, where high expectations and bitter realities are delivered side by side on split screen.  The sequence is probably my favorite in the film.    The performances are all very good, Joseph Gordon-Levitt once again delivering a stunning performance, one that is much different than anything he's ever done before.  He proves that he can fuse the funny aspects of his acting style with the dramatic and make it believable.  He is the perfect love-sick puppy here.  Zooey Deschanel (who has always been one of my favorite actresses) is the perfect doll to dote over.  She is beautiful and charming and witting and interesting, and even here, when playing a near figment of Tom's imagination, she is stunning and completely commanding.      `(500) Days of Summer' has it all.  It has romance, drama, comedy and it even sports a sublime musical scene that just gives the entire film a facelift.  It is a very, very smart film that never sacrifices honesty for art.  This is certainly one of the best films of the year, and maybe even the decade.
B000TGJ8AS|5.0|We are collecting each season and re-watching the episodes as a family;  it's a fun series to own.
0882709194|1.0|Mr Comfort has deliberately set out to mislead readers about the true nature of the science of evolution. Don't waste your time or money on this piece of garbage. Get the real product instead. It says something about the intellect of creationists that they have to resort to these tactics (ie., they know they have lost the intellectual war).
B002A4Q652|5.0|Before I start this review, let me make one thing clear: I love this album. It is so much fun to listen to.    Now, the first I heard of this band was when I heard they were founded by the former keyboardist of Within Temptation. Then I heard this album had Marco Hietala doing some guest vocals on a couple songs. After hearing these things, I was greatly intrigued. After buying the album and listening to them for a good month or so now, I can pretty safely say that they're not really like either band. I'd more closely equate them to a darker version of Visions of Atlantis or Edenbridge, although they still have a unique enough sound to be distiguishable from all the other Symphonic Metal bands.    That's probably because they seem to place more emphasis on the \\"Metal\\" part of that label than most other bands of the genre. The vocals are your standard-fare alto female combined with various male vocal parts, both growled and sung. They are much heavier than most Symphonic Metal bands and are not shy with the breakdowns (hence the title of this review), and when combined with the epic choir/strings played on the keyboards, it all combines to create some really powerful music. The breakdown in \\"Go Away\\" especially lends itself to this point; I could listen to that one part over and over for a long time.    Which brings me to my first complaint with the band. It's more of my own personal preference, but I would love it if these songs were longer. I've been inundated with Nightwish and Epica, which makes me really used to an average of six or seven minutes per song. Delain only has one that's over five minutes, and it's the slowest one (not that that's a problem). Again, probably my own preference, but I think they'd do a lot better if they could lengthen some of their songs.    My main problem with the music, though, is that it seems to lack maturity or range. Delain seems content with bringing you the adrenaline rush more commonly associated with the heavier sub-genresof metal, without looking to evoke a wider range of emotions. Say what you will about Nightwish's Dark Passion Play, but you can't really deny that it can take you from tension and suspense, to anger, to sadness, and ultimately to triumph. Delain just doesn't do that. They almost perfectly mix heavier metal stylings with symphonic elements to create amazingly powerful music, but it lacks the depth of most Symphonic Metal.    That said though, this is still some really great music and is absolutely worth the purchase.
B002C6K7N0|1.0|Let me preface this by saying that I'm a HUGE Megadeth fan. Rust In Peace, Peace Sells, Countdown to Extinction...all amazing albums. I enjoyed the newer ones as well. Both TSHF and UA had many great moments. Endgame however, is just a mess of thrashy riffs and dull going-nowhere solos. Broderick can shred with the best of them, but sweeping really fast does not make for a good solo. Completely missing from his playing is phrasing, which to me is the key factor that makes a guitar solo memorable and exciting...resolving melodies, ending on that certain note, etc. Marty Friedman was fast as hell too but he knew where to slow it down and where to change up the rhythms. And that's why you'll see youtube guitarists covering his solos for years and years to come.     I really wanted to love this album, and gave it over a dozen listens all the way through. Unfortunately nothing on it grabbed me at all. It's just not interesting or exciting to my ears. Many of us metalheads will dig it because it's fast and heavy and headbang-worthy, but those of us looking for a little more than that from Megadeth will likely be left sorely disappointed.
B002P7UCMC|4.0|I hope that the video for the first single from this latest album doesn't overshadow the CD as a whole.  I say this because that particular tune, \\"Pussy\\", is definitely not the best track on Rammstein's latest, \\"Liebe Ist Für Alle Da\\".    There is a good mix of heavy hard hitting tunes, creative arrangements, and memorable melodies.    I would say that while I think the CD is a very good one the fourth track, \\"Haifisch\\", is truly a stand-out.    I've listened to \\"Liebe Ist Für Alle Da\\" about 4 times now and it gets better with each listen.    Now for those who have never liked Rammstein much I don't think that there's anything about this latest work that will win them over since it is most definitely more of everything that the group has always been about and there are few surprises.    But for Rammstein fans this is a must have.  I think that some of the tunes on this one are among their best.
B001FB4VXU|5.0|As always the Big Bang group entertains. I wasn't able to watch the entire series before I left the states so this is highly entertaining as a break from the Paraguayan ordinary (and the Simpsons in Spanish).
B000UJ48O0|4.0|The product is something I have wanted for a very long time.  The only problem I have with the product is the outer case.  When I received this product the outer case was cracked but still usable.  My suggestion to the vender is to pack your shipments with more care and more safety.  Thank you.
B002KDUDG6|5.0|I Love this album.  I have been a Michael Buble' fan for a long time.  This is one of my favorites.  I really enjoyed the remakes.  His version of Crazy Love is one of my favorites.  You will not be disappointed.  the mellow, soul and silkiness of his voice is definitely represented in this album.
B001V9LPWQ|5.0|Although \\"Snow white\\" has never been a personal favorite of mine, I cannot deny its charm or its influence on animated films in general.  The last time I watched \\"Snow White\\" it was when I was about 15yrs on my mom's old VHS copy, that was 9yrs ago, and I fell asleep half-way through it. However, considering \\"Snow White's\\" universal praise, I figured there must be something wrong with me, so I decided to watching it once again and see if it held my interest or not.<br /><br />  For me, this movie still remains an oddity, for me it is dated in its feel a lot more than any other major Disney Film, and yet it still holds great treasures and beauty in it.  The animation at first look seems to be extremely dates and grainy, but when taking a closer look, I realized the grainy aged look of the backgrounds were intentional.  Much like the artwork in \\"Sleeping Beauty\\" is fashioned after renaissance paintings, so \\"Snow White\\" is fashioned after paintings, in this case water color paintings.  The back drops have the distinct grainy look of water colors on water colors paper.  When I realized this, I began to appreciate this movie a great deal more because I now could see how much work really went in to the animation.  The rest of the animation for the most part looks like standard 1930's animation in its style, and especially in the movement of the animals resembles many cartoons of the times, but it rises far above those cartoons to become a cultural icon.<br /><br />  As for the story, it is very simple and follows for the most part, the traditional folk tale of Snow White (with some obvious changes).  Instead of trying to expand too much on the story and create a heavy drama, rather a sweet story of first love reminiscent of many other movies of the era is penned.  The pacing is quite slow even though the movie itself is only 78minutes and I am sure this is what made me fall asleep before and why it still at times fails to hold my attention; it is due to the slower pacing on of the 1930's and is not s fault of the writers I feel, if anything its a testament to the short attention spans of today.  The characters are little more than stock characters, but they are created in such a fun way that it almost feels like they originated from this movie.<br /><br />  The music and singing in the movie is very much a product of its time, but this adds to the charm of the film.  Every time I hear Snow White sing I am reminded of many other 1930's films and shows I've watched, and how the art of true singing has died away and given way to the popular belting/yelling technique.  The singing here is georgeous and the music is catchy and delightful!  Making things that could be mundane such as cleaning, washing faces, and working in to fun and memorable musical sequences!<br /><br />  The story, animation, and music work together to create a movie that will no doubt be loved until the end of the world, and this transfer does it great justice.  I did not have the opportunity to purchase the previous Platinum edition on DVD, and had only seen it ever on VHS, so this transfer on Blu-ray really allowed me to see its true quality as an animated movie.  The more I watch it the better and richer it gets, its astonishing and the clarity of the transfer and touch-ups is perfect!<br /><br />  I am not really one for extras on DVD and Blu-Ray, I generally just watch the movie, but there are some fun extras on here such as a fun gem game, deleted scenes that include the cut \\"Soup\\" scene, what was the possible sequel to \\"Snow White\\" and a lot more I haven't even gotten to yet.<br /><br />  If you're wondering if this is worth the money, I give it a resounding YES!  Take it from the girl who went went from Sleepy to Happy when it comes to how they feel about Snow White.<br /><br />  God Bless ~Amyof the 1930's and is not s fault of the writers I feel, if anything its a testament to the short attention spans of today.  The characters are little more than stock characters, but they are created in such a fun way that it almost feels like they originated from this movie.            The music and singing in the movie is very much a product of its time, but this adds to the charm of the film.  Every time I hear Snow White sing I am reminded of many other 1930's films and shows I've watched, and how the art of true singing has died away and given way to the popular belting/yelling technique.  The singing here is georgeous and the music is catchy and delightful!  Making things that could be mundane such as cleaning, washing faces, and working in to fun and memorable musical sequences!          The story, animation, and music work together to create a movie that will no doubt be loved until the end of the world, and this transfer does it great justice.  I did not have the opportunity to purchase the previous Platinum edition on DVD, and had only seen it ever on VHS, so this transfer on Blu-ray really allowed me to see its true quality as an animated movie.  The more I watch it the better and richer it gets, its astonishing and the clarity of the transfer and touch-ups is perfect!         I am not really one for extras on DVD and Blu-Ray, I generally just watch the movie, but there are some fun extras on here such as a fun gem game, deleted scenes that include the cut \\"Soup\\" scene, what was the possible sequel to \\"Snow White\\" and a lot more I haven't even gotten to yet.           If you're wondering if this is worth the money, I give it a resounding YES!  Take it from the girl who went went from Sleepy to Happy when it comes to how they feel about Snow White.         God Bless ~Amy
B0002EXH4A|5.0|This albums kicks A$$ from start to finish. A thrash masterpiece. The only problem before was the terrible production. Now that this album has been re-mastered it is perfect. The drums sound 10X better than the original. SFSGSW is Megadeth's most underated album. It is awesome a thrash masterpiece
0385504225|5.0|This book, as usual per Dan Brown, grabs you at the first page and keeps you up at night until you finish.  The characters were well developed and the surprise at the end I did not see coming.  His writing is wonderful and the scenes he paints puts you in the middle of the book.
B001LRJH0U|2.0|This movie was a disappointment. Ed Harris was not a very good cowboy which was a surprise to me because I usually like his work. Maybe it was his lack of tough guy facial hair or maybe my real problem came down to the character he was playing who had a weakness when it came to women which made him seem weak overall. Viggo did well in his role, but I think both actors were hampered by the story which was a poorly recycled version of High Plains Drifter. Renee Zelweeger was also very annoying. On a positive note, Appaloosa did have realistic gunfight scenes that reminded me of \\"Open Range.\\"
B0008KLVCS|5.0|I love the Saw series, and I noticed that this was a really great price on the UMD format of the film.  Overall I am satisfied with the product and I would recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys an intense, gruesome movie experience with a shocking ending!
0375826726|5.0|I received this product in a timely fashion.  I was thrilled w/ the whole process and would definetly not hesitate to use this seller again.  thank you!
0385504225|4.0|I purchased the book for my father. He is a Mason, and he lived and worked in Washington, D. C.I knew he would enjoy reading this book.
B000IMMR1U|5.0|I remember this movie, this soundtrack from back when it was brand new. And I was a small kid, did not understand really what was going on, but dug the music and this musical cat thinking outside the musical box that I knew.    Years pass and I forget (through no conscious decision, rather other music and life factors move me other directions) about this epic album. Then along comes a friend of mine, into DJing who excites me into joining him in the world of spinning, of vinyl. So now that I have plunked down a few hundred on equipment and a few hundred on vinyl from local record stores (please continue to support local vinyl as well as Amazon \\"big box\\" efforts), what is an aspiring DJ to do?    Listen to music. I tracked down every CD, every MP3 I could find and combined this with vinyl. Listening to music was literally like homework and I would race home after work and listen to at least a few hours of music a day. After a music marathon (and operation credit card reduction) month, it was time to select various classics that basically every music owner should own (and especially own on vinyl for any DJ work). First two things that popped in my head, were Purple Rain by Prince and Thriller by Michael Jackson. Both albums influenced me earlier in life, were pivotal in my musical (and therefore perhaps life) decisions and have influenced even who I am today.    Purple rain, purple rain... The only thing that could have sounded any better then that was the intial needle touching to the vinyl (MAN, I LOVE THAT SOUND). I usually run around and do other stuff while I am listening to music (I bought wireless headphones, see my other reviews), but I literally had to just sit. And listen. And love. Again. Listening to this album inspired me to see the movie again, and BOY, did I miss alot when I was young. This is not a movie or record to play for children, not sure how this one slipped passed the parents exactly. But buy it, in some form, appreciate its musical pageantry,its history and its epic status as one of the (comic book guy from the simpsons voice)... best... albums... ever!    So yeah, bought it off a Amazon Seller, shipping was fine, condition was alright, music and experience = priceless!
B000WCBPOG|4.0|This was a fantastic and world class film, Julie Taymor is a master of matching images to music to evoke emotions, thought, and keep your attention.  One of the most fantastic examples of this is the song \\"She's So Heavy\\" from the movie.    \\"She's So Heavy\\" is one of the best musical numbers in the film, and certainly a visual and auditory feast I will not soon forget.  Its brilliant recontextualization of the song's lyrics will stay with me for years to come.  However, it won't stay with this album.  It is not a part of this album.  Although countless songs you probably did not even notice being in the movie are included, things that had been background music (and very good as it was) and not particularly memorable.    However, \\"She's So Heavy\\" was removed from this soundtrack.  The only way to get THAT song is through iTunes.  While I use iTunes and am a big fan of it, I am rather perturbed that it has the power to remove music from an album to make it exclusive content for themselves.    Admittedly, after buying the CD I also bought the song on iTunes in order to complete the album, as there is by no stretch of the imagination any way you can call this album complete without it.    That is the only reason I give this 4 stars rather than 5.  This is like a the best of the Beatles album given a fresh new spin with a remarkably talented cast.  I highly recommend it.
B001DUKHXQ|5.0|I remember this was the greatest thing ever when it came out. It still might be. Michael's passing, may he R.I.P., (& quick side bar, whatever you think of the man, the music is some of the best of its kinds ever, not negotiable) brought this imagery and passion within this particular album and video right back into the forefront of American musical culture.    Another quick sidebar, recently along comes a friend of mine, into DJing who excites me into joining him in the world of spinning, of vinyl. So now that I have plunked down a few hundred on equipment and a few hundred on vinyl from local record stores (please continue to support local vinyl as well as Amazon \\"big box\\" efforts), what is an aspiring DJ to do?     Listen to music. I tracked down every CD, every MP3 I could find and combined this with vinyl. Listening to music was literally like homework and I would race home after work and listen to at least a few hours of music a day. After a music marathon (and operation credit card reduction) month, it was time to select various classics that basically every music owner should own (and especially own on vinyl for any DJ work). First two things that popped in my head, were Purple Rain by Prince and Thriller by Michael Jackson. Both albums influenced me earlier in life, were pivotal in my musical (and therefore perhaps life) decisions and have influenced even who I am today.     Thriller is literally an opus, a magnum, an epic, the Iliad and the Odysey of musical craftsmanship. The usage of Vincent Price, equal parts genius and creepy, the costuming, makeup, the entire production show on this was top of the line, completely began a new field (music videos) and set the bar so high, that few have even come close sense. This album has everything, Billy Jean, PYT, I could literally name every track and likely you know many of the words to most of these songs. This is truly the epitomy of what music can be, and should aspire to be. A great album, not a patchwork ofsongs, but a story, something that will draw any listener to the same place.    Be thrilled/awed/inspired/frightened again and get this album. Last note on this, I own this on mp3 (to listen to), on vinyl (I have a copy to spin/play) and I bought this picture disc to display on my wall. It is literally art.    Thanks
B000003CKH|4.0|Solid album.  Its got some great songs on it, in fact is pretty much all great songs.  For a Cake fan this is a must own.  For someone who is not a Cake fan, well, buy it anyway, this will make you one.
B000JQWH24|5.0|[From Thriller Picture Disc Review]  I remember this was the greatest thing ever when it came out. It still might be. Michael's passing, may he R.I.P., (& quick side bar, whatever you think of the man, the music is some of the best of its kinds ever, not negotiable) brought this imagery and passion within this particular album and video right back into the forefront of American musical culture.     Another quick sidebar, recently along comes a friend of mine, into DJing who excites me into joining him in the world of spinning, of vinyl. So now that I have plunked down a few hundred on equipment and a few hundred on vinyl from local record stores (please continue to support local vinyl as well as Amazon \\"big box\\" efforts), what is an aspiring DJ to do?     Listen to music. I tracked down every CD, every MP3 I could find and combined this with vinyl. Listening to music was literally like homework and I would race home after work and listen to at least a few hours of music a day. After a music marathon (and operation credit card reduction) month, it was time to select various classics that basically every music owner should own (and especially own on vinyl for any DJ work). First two things that popped in my head, were Purple Rain by Prince and Thriller by Michael Jackson. Both albums influenced me earlier in life, were pivotal in my musical (and therefore perhaps life) decisions and have influenced even who I am today.     Thriller is literally an opus, a magnum, an epic, the Iliad and the Odysey of musical craftsmanship. The usage of Vincent Price, equal parts genius and creepy, the costuming, makeup, the entire production show on this was top of the line, completely began a new field (music videos) and set the bar so high, that few have even come close sense. This album has everything, Billy Jean, PYT, I could literally name every track and likely you know many of the words to most of these songs. This is truly the epitomy of what music can be, and should aspire tobe. A great album, not a patchwork of songs, but a story, something that will draw any listener to the same place.     Be thrilled/awed/inspired/frightened again and get this album. Last note on this, I own this on mp3 (to listen to), on vinyl (I have a copy to spin/play) and I bought the picture disc to display on my wall. It is literally art.     Thanks
B00003XAQ5|4.0|I purchased this album because I've heard that it's one of Miles Davis' best. After listening to it I agree. This is simply a great album.
B002KDUDG6|2.0|Michael has so much more potential than what he put down on this record. The choice of most songs which have been done hundreds of times before and the arrangements of them make me wonder what they were thinking. It's time to dump David Foster and go his own way, only then can he become as good if not better then the entertainers he emulates.
B00005QDW5|5.0|This is a great album. It contains most of my favorite Pink Floyd songs, plus some that I haven't heard before. Some of Pink Floyd's early work on this album is great. I didn't know what I had been missing.
B001XJEKGC|5.0|Steve and Eric performed in a band called Blind Faith in the 60s.  This performance includes numbers from that band as well as songs from their solo careers.  I wish I could have been there to see this concert in person!  Fantastic!  It makes you want to get up and dance...
B000H6SXMY|2.0|ships quickly, however the items were NOT new...i went to the store and the box is totally different, the inside products weren't clean cut, they were sloppy and looked used and put together. discs didnt play well sometimes too..
0316069906|5.0|As someone who loves Foer's previous work, but isn't usually interested in non-fiction, I wasn't sure what to expect from Eating Animals. I got so much more than I ever bargained for. Eating Animals made me laugh, and cry, and think. Seriously think. The horrors Foer depicts are as impossible to ignore as is the fact that this book goes far beyond a simple journalistic consideration of the issue. It's a non-fiction book like no non-fiction book I've ever read.    Foer's point is simple: Virtually all of the animal products we consume come from factory farms. Regardless of where each of us ultimately land on the larger philosophical questions about meat, we have no choice but to recognize that factory farming is utterly reprehensible. And, whether we like it or not, we can't avoid making decisions about what practices we are going to support. Foer reminds us that we need to make those choices deliberately without assuming that farming practices haven't changed since biblical days. He asks us to ask ourselves what kind of \\"eating animals\\" we want to be.    Foer helps us remember that our food choices mean more to us than simply taste; the food we spend our lives eating is a meaningful part of who we are. While giving up all animal products doesn't sound terribly simple for any of us, this book has left me thinking for the first time that such a choice is not just necessary, but possible, and most importantly, completely worth it. Because facing the issues in our lives that are the least palatable, and dealing with them head on, is what truly makes us human.
0887307280|5.0|If you are thinking about or even currently operating a new business, this is a must read! Even with previous business experience, the E-myth book forced me to step back and refocus my career goals, approach and style towards my business. I am more effective in my professional career and more importantly, the quality of my personal life has increase significantly. I often found myself very entertained with funny stories and instances that were very true and telling. This book gives anyone on the entrepreneur path a great tool and guide for success.
0061537969|4.0|I was amazed at how well Stein captures the \\"soul\\" of a dog. I believe I've known dogs just like Enzo!  As a dog lover, I thoroughly enjoyed this book and would recommend it to anyone, dog-lover or not.  I always knew dogs contained profound wisdom!
B00008G7UJ|1.0|The acting:good, but..the movie is just horrible. I can't believe my english teacher from last year would show this when we were doing Romeo and Juliet. anyway, it is a bad movie in my opinion.thats all i got to say.END-
1591391105|4.0|இ Fuzzy Wuzzy's Summary:<br />ѾѾѾѾ Recommended with warm fuzzies.<br /><br />This was a good business book to read.  At times, it does tend to focus too much on concepts without providing enough concrete real-world examples, anecdotes, and practical advice that I felt like I could take into the workplace.  A book like this should help stimulate my \\"what-if\\" thought processes and make me want to try applying more actionable ideas to my own situation.  Instead, it tends to iterate around conceptual notions of management and leadership.  But at various points in most of the chapters, I also found information that would be relevant to all employees who are either starting a new job at a new company or transitioning to a new position at their existing company.  Regardless of whether you are starting a new work role as either a leader/manager or non-management employee, the first 90 days at a new job or position is often crucial in determining how you will fare further down the road.
B000PKX2KA|5.0|Item works right out of the box.  Load the drivers first, then plug it in.  That's all there is to it.  I use in conjunction with Microsoft Map Point 2006 and the software easily identified the GPS on Comm 5.  Made several road trips and it accurately depicted my location, speed and direction.  I would recommend this receiver to anyone who already has mapping software and wants a reliable GPS receiver.
B001RCD2DW|5.0|Source:<br /><br />CD<br />IMHO all are beautifully recorded, mastered and played<br />Ottmar Liebert: Nouveau Flamenco<br />Sting: 10 Summner's Tales<br />La Quattro Stagioni: The English Concert, Trevor Pinnock<br /><br />DVD Player<br />SONY DVP NS45P<br /><br />Surround Sound Receiver<br />Pioneer Elite: VSX 09TX<br />This unit was a big dog in its day and does an excellent job of accurate reproduction. It is neither bright nor warm, whatever distortion exists is inaudible. The digital to analog conversion was done with the VSX, not the inexpensive SONY DVD player. I jacked the headphones directly into the VSX with no extension cable to eliminate connectors and cables.<br /><br />Speakers<br />Klipsch La Scalas<br /><br />[[ASIN:B000EI3TZ6 Klipsch La Scala II Three-Way Horn-Loaded Loudspeaker, Subwoofer, and 2-Inch Composite Cone (Single, Walnut)]]<br /><br />Break in time<br />Five hours<br /><br />Headphone construction<br />Large comfortable ear cushions, large ball joints where they marry up with the visible speaker assembly, the headband is high quality leather, the spring for the sling is plastic and hopefully will not fatigue with repeated bending. All of the assemblies are plastic, I suspect to keep the weight down. The ear cups are connected with the silver plastic tabs and travel on a threaded cable system that appears to wind into the headphones as an auto adjustment.<br /><br />My noggin is XL, these fit beautifully, my 10 year old is a small they fit her too.<br /><br />If you are looking to block the sound of co-workers, the dishwasher, jet engines, or your significant other these won't do it. If you crank the volume up, you won't annoy anyone around you as the leakage is minimal. If you have someone in the cube next to you that needs absolute silence, these may not work for you.<br /><br />Storage<br />I would not hang them from the sling considering the threaded adjusters. There is no factory storage case. I will be going out to one of the stores that sells lots of decorated wooden boxes from India,  purchase one, and pad the bottom. I suspect that my last pair of headphones died in a dusting accident, pushed not jumped. So far, no witnesses have come forward, the investigation continues.<br /><br />xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx<br /><br />Review<br /><br />I played the music over the La Scalas, then listened to the same songs on the K702<br /><br />Excellent clear undistorted detail in low, med and high range even with the volume cranked up.<br /><br />Excellent low, but could not match the punch of my La Scalas. Nothing else can either, so no surprise. Two 15 inch woofers in 2 foot by 3 foot cabinets with the horns.<br /><br />Sound Stage<br />There was definitely a L R and Center, and the sound was relatively seamless between them which has a lot to do with the mixing and original studio recordings. You can't put the quality into the sound after its recorded and mastered, only hope to reproduce it on your sound system.<br /><br />IMHO these headphones will accurately reproduce the sounds that your amplifier source is feeding them with no audible distortion, the word \\"reference\\" is accurate as a description.<br /><br />If I had a place to unpack and set up my McIntosh stack, and jacked the headphones into the pre-amp; I believe, that I would have reported the K702 as warm, replicating the sound of expensive tube units. Again, the K702 will reproduce what you feed it, no more no less.<br /><br />Summary<br />These headphones very closely approximate the sound of $15K worth of high end stereo equipment.<br /><br />If you have neutral source they will sound neutral, if warm they will sound warm. Again reference is an accurate description.<br /><br />I don't know a lot about I-Pods, but the more compressed your sound is the more quantization error you experience which expresses itself progressively metallic sounding music with fading details.<br /><br />If you were startingfrom zero and love music, I would suggest looking for a DVD player that does the D to A conversion on board and offers a headphone jack with volume control. I'm not familiar with the headphone amps out there but if they make a good one that does the D to A conversion and has a volume control I would buy it. Actually just took a peak elsewhere, and the amps run from $100 up to $1600 with reviews.<br /><br />For $500, your music would sound like $15 to $20K; great way to start out at an affordable price. Plus your landlord won't evict you for cranking the stereo at all hours<br /><br />[[ASIN:B001RCD2DW Akg K702 Reference Class Open-Back Headphone]].<br /><br />xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx<br />My first impression<br /><br />When I jacked these in last night and played Sting, my feeling was that if I had my McIntosh set up, plugged the K702s into the pre-amp, and turned the lights down, I would have been moved to tears (figuratively speaking).<br /><br />xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx<br /><br />Update Nov 2011<br /><br />HEADPHONE AMPS<br /><br />What are my choices?<br /><br />* Headphone jack on my Integrated Amp<br />* Headphone jack on a pre-amp<br />* Dedicated Headphone Amp, portable or fixed<br />* Headphone jack on my PC sound card<br /><br />I get tired of searching for amps to drive headphones with so I decided to put most of them here to at least give you a running start. I wish Amazon would create a category of Headphone, amps, cables, and accessories like cases and stands etc.<br /><br />I noticed that several of the reviewers of the V-Can Headphone Amps mentioned that they also own Audiophile equipment and AKG 701s and 702. They were very positive on the sound quality of the V-Can (MK2 Just released)<br /><br />[[ASIN:B001P6BSM2 Musical Fidelity V-CAN Headphone Amplifier]]<br /><br />What is a class A amp?<br /><br />\\"In class A, there is one output device. It is always on, or conducting. During quiescent conditions, it is biased on so that the output terminal (plate or collector) is at about 50% of the supply voltage. This offset voltage must be removed with a transformer or coupling capacitor so the output of the stage is 0V with no signal applied. As the input signal varies, the device conducts harder, toward saturation, or less, toward cutoff. As long as the stage is not driven into clipping, class A amplifiers can have very low total distortion, and NO crossover distortion, since they never turn off. Many audiophiles consider class A to be the best possible arrangement for audio reproduction. The biggest drawback is since the device is about half on even with no signal applied, the power dissipation is huge! You can always spot a class A amp by its mammoth heat sinks or its size. I've seen class A monoblocks about a cubic foot in size that only put out 15 watts!\\"<br /><br />\\" Also, many audiophiles believe that class A gives the best sound quality (for their absence of crossover distortion and reduced odd-harmonic and high-order harmonic distortion) which provides a small market for expensive high fidelity class-A amps.\\"<br /><br />REASEARCH WEB SITES (that don't sell products)<br /><br />Blogs on all things Headphones: Head-fi org<br /><br />Also check articles out wikiphonia on: wiki faust3d<br /><br />Amplifiers Explained: See Wiki Electronic_Amplifier\\"<br /><br />User Boards: AudioKarma (excellent owner reviews)<br /><br />User Boards: AudioAsylum (excellent owner reviews)<br /><br />User Boards: ReviewCenter (excellent owner reviews)<br /><br />User Boards: DIYAudio (excellent owner reviews)<br /><br />User Boards:  hificollector.blogspot(stories behind the equipment)<br /><br />Product features to consider:<br /><br />* Class A (or AB etc)<br />* Tube, op amp, solid state (more than one type of tube design)Part tech part religion.<br />* Cross-feed (blending the channels together)<br />* Integrated DAC (which chipset, in or out of the amp)<br />* Meters<br />* tech specs for the amps like distortion, and separation at low power and up.<br />* Portable or not portable<br />* Is my high end amp's headphone jack good enough?<br />* What is my source? I-Pod etc, PC, CD player, record player?<br /><br />Review Web sites that don't sell products, all appear to be funded by manufacturer ads.<br /><br />* dagogo (forthright reviews)<br />* AVguide<br />* Headphonista<br />* Headfonia<br />* Stereotimes<br />* audioholics<br />* Audio Review<br />* digitalaudioreview<br />* 6moons<br /><br />**************************************************<br /><br />PC BASED SOLUTIONS (if you have a terabyte of music on your PC stop here)<br /><br />My final destination will probably be using my PC as my:<br /><br />* BluRay player (HDMI to Plasma, Optical to 7.1 Receiver)<br />* CD player<br />* Headphone Amp<br />* Digital Equalizer<br />* 1TB of loss-less music on hard disk<br />* DAC possibly front ending a Headphone Amp via RCA jacks<br />* DAC front ending my 1980's Mac Stack via RCA, driving Klipsch LaScalas<br />* Pioneer Elite 7.1 Surround Receiver via Optical driving my Klipsch surround speakers<br />* And possibly a Class A Tube Amp via RCA, driving the LaScalas<br /><br />* For under $200, Creative and Asus have two good options for your PC<br /><br />[[ASIN:B0041OUA38 Creative Sound Blaster X-Fi Titanium HD Internal Sound Card with THX SB1270]]<br /><br />PCI version sold by Amazon<br />http://www.amazon.com/Xonar-Essence-24-bit-192KHz-Interface/dp/B002UVME88/ref=cm_cr_pr_sims_t<br /><br />PCI Express<br />[[ASIN:B001OV789U ASUS PCI-Express x1 Sound Card XONAR ESSENCE STX/90-YAA0C0-0UAN00Z]]<br /><br />**********************************************<br /><br />HEADPHONE AMP MANUFACTURERS (no particular order)<br /><br />* Musical Fidelity: V-Can, V-Can MK2, M1-HPA integrated dac model. UK company<br /><br />* PS Audio: GCHA Headphone Amp. RCA, Bal, USB inputs. Class A solid state. PSA makes lots of high performance stuff. Bolder Colorado (like Grace) Made in USA Currently 12/2011 at fire sale prices.<br /><br />* Qinpu - A3, A-6000 MKII - Tube Integrated /Headphone Amplifier. Made in China<br /><br />* ROLLS - Bellari HA 540 Class A Tube Headphone Amp. Made USA,  company also makes professional studio recording equip.<br /><br />* Creek - distributed by Music Hall, OBH-11 Headphone Amplifier.UK Design, China Mfg.<br /><br />* FiiO - Several models. E9 Desktop Headphone Amplifier and Dock for E7 USB DAC<br /><br />* Grado - same company that makes the headphones and best headphone cable. 3 models USA company and mfg.<br /><br />* Firestone Audio - Cute BEYOND  Lots of headphone amp products. Dutch Company, doesn't say where made, Holland?<br /><br />* cayin - Makes lots of tubes amps, inc headphone. Made in Germany<br /><br />* HiFiMan - EF5 Tube Headphone Amplifier, several models. Made in China?<br /><br />* Rega - UK based mfg of full line of audio equipment.<br /><br />* nuForce - several models<br /><br />* Schiit Audio - Class A Headphone Amplifiers 3 models. Solid state and Tube Hybrid. DAC in the pipeline. Manufactured USA.<br /><br />* Vincent Audio - Hybrid Headphone Tube Amplifier (expensive with good reviews) German company that makes lots of tube amps.<br /><br />* Dared - Manufactures high end tube amps. EF-99 Headphone Tube amplifier & Preamplifier. Made in China.<br /><br />* Wu - Tube Made in China?<br /><br />* Head Room - Loyal following, has cross-feed capability. $350 several models. Mfg USA?<br /><br />* Beyerdynamic - A1 Headphone Amp. German made.<br /><br />* SPL (Sound Performance Lab)- Auditor and Phonitor (Industrial Headphone Amp) with all of the meters and knobs $2000. German made. Definitely read the manual before buying.<br /><br />* Meier Corda - Symphony.2 Headphone Amp $1400. German?<br /><br />* Grace Design - M903 (Industrial) Reference headphone amplifier, DAC, monitor controller $1600. Made USA<br /><br />* McIntosh Labs - Lots of high end pre-amps. None are identified as Headphone Amps. Mine always sounds pretty good when I jack in. $3000+ Like Mercedes Benz, the factory will always refurbish the unit for you. Mine went to the factory for their 30th birthday gift. Made in USA.<br /><br />* Peachtree - Music Bob, Integrated Headphone amp with I pod dock. $700. Made in Germany?<br /><br />* Ray Samuels - Full line headphone amps. Made USA<br /><br />* Tektron-Italia - OTL Tube Amp $2249, squeaky<br /><br />* Burson Audio - HA-160D DAC / Headphone Amp / Preamp Made in Australia. I hope to get back to Melbourne someday.<br /><br />* Headamp - several models of Headphone Amps. Made USA<br /><br />************************************************<br />PRE-AMPS<br /><br />For some reason, my searches always bring me to looking for an inexpensive (transportable) pre-amp with multiple inputs and tone controls.<br /><br />If you search, there are a lot of pre-amps out there. Solid state and tube. New and used.<br /><br />There is still the issue of a DAC.<br /><br />This inexpensive Gemeni unit gets excellent reviews and keeps popping up. Does it sound like a $3000 pre-amp, probably not. But for $90 it may be a good start. Could be a good little headphone amp, solid state. Could also be used to front end an inexpensive class A tube amp with efficient speakers like Klipsch (check out the Klipsch Web site to identify more efficient models) most sold on Amazon.<br /><br />Read the Amazon reviews, some have interesting uses for this unit including using it to front end inexpensive, but powerful solid state mono-block amps.<br /><br />Gemeni (and others) also offers an inexpensive equalizer and crossover marketed to DJs. All have the rack ears built into the face plates. All are sold on Amazon.<br /><br />* [[ASIN:B0000C8CFU Gemini PA-7000 Professional Preamplifier]] Professional Preamplifier<br /><br />Pyle and Behringer also sell a lot of inexpensive solutions. Or more upscale like Rolls, DBX (equalizers) and others that are used in recording studios. Most sold on Amazon.<br /><br />XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX<br /><br />If I were on a budget, college student or just low budget, I would definitely look at this stuff.<br /><br />For CDs<br />Buy a factory refurbished (or new)top of the line 3D Blu Ray player that supports 96 KHZ, you get a great player and a pretty darn good RCA audio feed for $90. The million unit manufacturers (Panasonic Samsung) are in a death match for control of the Blu Ray 3D space, so these players are as good as it gets bang for the buck. You also get multiple feeds RCA, toslink, HDMI.<br /><br />Multiple sources?<br />A. switch cables from unit to unit<br />B. mechanical RCA switch, one with a good switch<br />c. Get a pre amp (Gemeni $100 up to a Mac $5K) or other high end.<br /><br />Digital sources (I-POD)?<br />If you need an D to A converter, you need one. The question is then what do you do if you need multiple source D to A?  External USB bridge or DAC with built in bridge?<br /><br />Headphone Amp and or Pre Amp<br />Jack into one of the good, but inexpensive, class A headphone amps (tube or solid state, you decide); Some of these have RCA pre-amp out capabilities and can be used to feed an amplifier. I would get one with the pre-amp out feeds for future expansion to a high-quality low-output (20-30W) amp and buy some very efficient speakers like Klipsch. 2 watts on the good Klipsch 95db or better speakers will run you out of the room.<br /><br />The amps and speakers might be my first job, or first decent paying job, gift to myself.<br /><br />I still own and maintain equipment I purchased 30 years ago, the good stuff lasts forever if you are nice to it.<br /><br />Audiophile on a Budget<br /><br />AKG 702  $250<br />DAC  $150-300<br />H Amp-pre $150-500<br />Blu Ray  $90<br />I-pod  $40 - 300<br /><br />Total  $650 and up<br /><br />Or just drop $200 on a killer sound card for your PC and use it as the amp, dac, equalizer, and doc for your I-POD. Total $450models. Made in China?  * Rega - UK based mfg of full line of audio equipment.  * nuForce - several models  * Schiit Audio - Class A Headphone Amplifiers 3 models. Solid state and Tube Hybrid. DAC in the pipeline. Manufactured USA.  * Vincent Audio - Hybrid Headphone Tube Amplifier (expensive with good reviews) German company that makes lots of tube amps.  * Dared - Manufactures high end tube amps. EF-99 Headphone Tube amplifier & Preamplifier. Made in China.  * Wu - Tube Made in China?   * Head Room - Loyal following, has cross-feed capability. $350 several models. Mfg USA?  * Beyerdynamic - A1 Headphone Amp. German made.  * SPL (Sound Performance Lab)- Auditor and Phonitor (Industrial Headphone Amp) with all of the meters and knobs $2000. German made. Definitely read the manual before buying.  * Meier Corda - Symphony.2 Headphone Amp $1400. German?  * Grace Design - M903 (Industrial) Reference headphone amplifier, DAC, monitor controller $1600. Made USA  * McIntosh Labs - Lots of high end pre-amps. None are identified as Headphone Amps. Mine always sounds pretty good when I jack in. $3000+ Like Mercedes Benz, the factory will always refurbish the unit for you. Mine went to the factory for their 30th birthday gift. Made in USA.  * Peachtree - Music Bob, Integrated Headphone amp with I pod dock. $700. Made in Germany?  * Ray Samuels - Full line headphone amps. Made USA  * Tektron-Italia - OTL Tube Amp $2249, squeaky  * Burson Audio - HA-160D DAC / Headphone Amp / Preamp Made in Australia. I hope to get back to Melbourne someday.  * Headamp - several models of Headphone Amps. Made USA  ************************************************  PRE-AMPS  For some reason, my searches always bring me to looking for an inexpensive (transportable) pre-amp with multiple inputs and tone controls.   If you search, there are a lot of pre-amps out there. Solid state and tube. New and used.  There is still the issue of a DAC.  This inexpensive Gemeni unit gets excellent reviews and keeps popping up. Does it sound like a $3000 pre-amp, probably not. But for $90 it may be a good start. Could be a good little headphone amp, solid state. Could also be used to front end an inexpensive class A tube amp with efficient speakers like Klipsch (check out the Klipsch Web site to identify more efficient models) most sold on Amazon.   Read the Amazon reviews, some have interesting uses for this unit including using it to front end inexpensive, but powerful solid state mono-block amps.  Gemeni (and others) also offers an inexpensive equalizer and crossover marketed to DJs. All have the rack ears built into the face plates. All are sold on Amazon.  * [[ASIN:B0000C8CFU Gemini PA-7000 Professional Preamplifier]] Professional Preamplifier  Pyle and Behringer also sell a lot of inexpensive solutions. Or more upscale like Rolls, DBX (equalizers) and others that are used in recording studios. Most sold on Amazon.  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX  If I were on a budget, college student or just low budget, I would definitely look at this stuff.  For CDs  Buy a factory refurbished (or new)top of the line 3D Blu Ray player that supports 96 KHZ, you get a great player and a pretty darn good RCA audio feed for $90. The million unit manufacturers (Panasonic Samsung) are in a death match for control of the Blu Ray 3D space, so these players are as good as it gets bang for the buck. You also get multiple feeds RCA, toslink, HDMI.  Multiple sources?  A. switch cables from unit to unit  B. mechanical RCA switch, one with a good switch   c. Get a pre amp (Gemeni $100 up to a Mac $5K) or other high end.  Digital sources (I-POD)?  If you need an D to A converter, you need one. The question is then what do you do if you need multiple source D to A?  External USB bridge or DAC with built in bridge?   Headphone Amp and or Pre Amp  Jack into one of the good, but inexpensive, class A headphone amps (tube or solid state, you decide); Some of these have RCA pre-ampout capabilities and can be used to feed an amplifier. I would get one with the pre-amp out feeds for future expansion to a high-quality low-output (20-30W) amp and buy some very efficient speakers like Klipsch. 2 watts on the good Klipsch 95db or better speakers will run you out of the room.  The amps and speakers might be my first job, or first decent paying job, gift to myself.  I still own and maintain equipment I purchased 30 years ago, the good stuff lasts forever if you are nice to it.  Audiophile on a Budget  AKG 702  $250  DAC  $150-300  H Amp-pre $150-500  Blu Ray  $90  I-pod  $40 - 300  Total  $650 and up  Or just drop $200 on a killer sound card for your PC and use it as the amp, dac, equalizer, and doc for your I-POD. Total $450
0618918248|5.0|I am a recovering theist. As a Christian I always knew that all the other religions had it wrong don't ask me why they just had it all wrong and the Christians had the truth no doubt if I had been born in Saudi Arabia I would have said the same thing about Islam.      I read this book at a horrible time in my life a number of tragedies had befallen myself and my family and one day I simply stopped believing no lighting bolts were aimed in my direction and my friends and family did not abandon me while I thought answers  to various questions that I had long been perplexed by.  Questioning of various items in Christian Dogma was never discouraged at the various churches I attended but one was expected to arrive at the theologically correct interpretation namely humans were inherently sinful and we all needed the lord's presence in our lives.  I began to have doubts and thought other explanations.     In the midst of the search I found Dawkins, Hitchens but also Dan Barker's excellent Losing Faith in Faith.  I have respect for the conclusions reached in all books essentially people trying to grapple with deep questions about faith and the meaning of life that religion, God, Gods or any other type of belief structure can no longer provide.  I no longer say with certainly that there is a God and yet part of me desperately and always will want to believe in him or her of course God could soothe my doubts and restore my faith by a simple 5 second appearance this has unfortunately not transpired as yet.       If it comforts any Christian readers to think that I am simply angry at God so be it.  My challenge to you is read this book using the power of your own intellect and decide for yourself you're not going to bust into flames or burn in hell because you read a book.       Since reading this book it shocks me how many people I run into that don't consider themselves religious balanced, normal people who have a problem with the need for absolute faith in anything.  This runs contrary to everything I had ever been told about Atheists and Agnostics essentially that is the point of Dawkin's book that life is possible without religion.      Overall-The most basic question Dawkins poses to all of us is this \\"Why should faith in any form be held to a higher standard then reason\\" and remember because the bible tells me so is a supporting argument.
1401323820|3.0|The first paragraph immediately pulls you into the scene and at once you start to get a feel for Det. Beckett, the kind of person she is, the kind of cop she is.  The pace is fast and her character comes alive.  The rest of book?  I don't know yet:  But I'll be buying the full version and reading every delicious word!    Okay... bought it and read the rest of it.  I don't think the bulk of the story quite maintains the energy and vivid imagery of the first chapter, but the flow is good and you can visualize it as another episode very easily. Great literature it's not.  This isn't Sherlock Holmes or The Maltese Falcon, but it's still worth a read because it's just plain fun.
0385341008|4.0|Interesting, informative and delightful! I was a bit uncertain if I would like a story told completely in letter form but as I progressed through the book it became so entertaining and such a wonderful story developed that I was hooked.
0393327345|5.0|Though I have read many books, Fight Club was probably the quickest I've read a full length book. If you had to measure out the amount of time I spent reading it, it would measure out to about 170 minutes! That mainly seems to be because Fight Club is a book that moves at a rapid-fire pace right from the get-go.  And I'm sure those who are more than familiar with the movie will probably be able to have read it in the exact amount of time that I did.<br /><br />Like many others, I had only heard of the book after having heard of the movie. I didn't get around to seeing the movie till late December 2006... and I can't believe what I was missing out on this whole time! I loved it so much that I bought it just a matter of time later. I have seen it so many times, each time it feels completely new and like something I've never seen before. So anyways, after about a couple years, I eventually found the book in my local bookstore. I was more than familiar with Chuck Palahniuk before, I had seen \\"Choke\\" earlier this year and LOVED it. I hadn't read the book (which I eventually will), but Fight Club was on for 25% off, so I bought it.<br /><br />Fight Club is perhaps one of the best books I've read. It moves at a rapid fire pace, and like the movie, is told from first person perspective. It is also told in present tense, as if it feels like a tragic character reflecting on memories of his past. However, I will admit that I enjoyed the movie more, but the book was a quick and definitely entertaining read. Also evident here is Palahniuk's unique writing style- his writing style is done in a way which I had never seen any other author do it.<br /><br />The story is told by an unnamed character, which is in a hostage situation by a man named Tyler Durden, on a rooftop. In about 10 minutes, the building will explode and eventually collapse, as with other buildings in the vicinity. While this happens, we get flashes back to his memory. He was once an IKEA obsessive; he always had the best furniture.  And then that unfortunately came to a stop while on a business trip. Who does he go to live with? A man he met on a nude beach named Tyler Durden. Tyler is by far one of the most eccentric characters you'd ever meet in a book. The way he acts is very strange- but he has a cool belief. He thinks that material possessions leave to an unnecessary life. The unnamed character sooner-or-later adapts to this and he and Tyler form an underground shocking new form of therapy- Fight Club. A club where men can vent their anger... simply by fighting each other. However, while this is happening, the unnamed character has to deal with several things- such as crazy-as-hell Marla Singer, his constant \\"I am Joe's...\\" references, and the ever-changing state of Fight Club that soon turns into a vortex of chaos.<br /><br />Fight Club is by far one of the best books I read. At 216 pages, it may seem a tad rushed to people who are not used to the writing style that Palahniuk adapts to. He writes this in a unique manner, the kind of manner that is very humorous but very serious at the same time. He manages to fit lots of humor, lots of seriousness, and tons of suspense into a short book. Now of course, what I also found interesting was Palahniuk's views on sexuality. Palahniuk is a homosexual, as he has been very open about, and what came as interesting were his views on Homo-eroticism. There is quite a homo-erotic banter between the unnamed protagonist and Tyler Durden. You can notice it, especially in the scenes that do not involve Fight Club or Marla. Sexuality is one of Palahniuk's views that he expresses most in his novels, and it comes off in a totally non-Catherine Breillat way (Take that, Cathy!).<br /><br />In short, this is a book I recommend to people who are fans of the movie, and fans of literature. It's something different, and in a good way, and you may just end up enjoying it as much as I did.then that unfortunately came to a stop while on a business trip. Who does he go to live with? A man he met on a nude beach named Tyler Durden. Tyler is by far one of the most eccentric characters you'd ever meet in a book. The way he acts is very strange- but he has a cool belief. He thinks that material possessions leave to an unnecessary life. The unnamed character sooner-or-later adapts to this and he and Tyler form an underground shocking new form of therapy- Fight Club. A club where men can vent their anger... simply by fighting each other. However, while this is happening, the unnamed character has to deal with several things- such as crazy-as-hell Marla Singer, his constant \\"I am Joe's...\\" references, and the ever-changing state of Fight Club that soon turns into a vortex of chaos.    Fight Club is by far one of the best books I read. At 216 pages, it may seem a tad rushed to people who are not used to the writing style that Palahniuk adapts to. He writes this in a unique manner, the kind of manner that is very humorous but very serious at the same time. He manages to fit lots of humor, lots of seriousness, and tons of suspense into a short book. Now of course, what I also found interesting was Palahniuk's views on sexuality. Palahniuk is a homosexual, as he has been very open about, and what came as interesting were his views on Homo-eroticism. There is quite a homo-erotic banter between the unnamed protagonist and Tyler Durden. You can notice it, especially in the scenes that do not involve Fight Club or Marla. Sexuality is one of Palahniuk's views that he expresses most in his novels, and it comes off in a totally non-Catherine Breillat way (Take that, Cathy!).    In short, this is a book I recommend to people who are fans of the movie, and fans of literature. It's something different, and in a good way, and you may just end up enjoying it as much as I did.
1405204265|5.0|My book arrived within the time period promised.  The book was in good shape.  Great job.
0061148512|5.0|The Bell Jar is an accurate and soulful story of a brilliant woman who fights constant psycholoical battles. The writing is spectacular and the story itself is thoroughly captivating. Worth a couple of re-reads!
B001FB4VXU|5.0|Without a doubt, this is the best show on TV.  A sitcom for people who can read and think.  Warning, however, that there is a risk that you may laugh so hard that you require oxygen!
0316069906|5.0|When I received an advanced copy of Eating Animals, I wasn't going to read it. After reading an excerpt ran in the New York Times Magazine (called \\"Against Meat\\"), I had to check it out. I've never been a vegetarian. I did read Michael Pollan's Omnivores Dilemma, though, and it's hard not to question whether one should eat meat after reading him. While Pollan made me more intellectually interested in food issues, Eating Animals shook me.    This book is loaded with incredible facts about animal agriculture, but it is more than anything a deeply personal (and often hilarious) meditation on what it means to consume animal products. Foer doesn't make, in the end, a firm case for vegetarianism, rather he provides a heartfelt and moving account of his own exploration into these issues. He makes it impossible not to care about what you eat without telling you exactly what you should eat.    Whether you enjoyed Foer's previous books, whether you're an omnivore or vegan, whether you've wondered about these issues in the past or never gave it a second thought, Eating Animals is a must read. You might be enraged or inspired, but you won't be disappointed.
B000PY52EU|4.0|I've got to admit, I got this for less than noble reasons, perhaps even prurient ones. Christina Ricci running around near-naked for the whole film? That's something I have to see...<br /><br />OK, enough of the dirty old man act.  EXCEPT, that's what the film is aiming at, isn't it?  The poster -- the ads -- the first scene -- this is going to be an exploitation film, and an over the top one at that:  nubile, waifish nymphomaniac Rae (Ricci) ends up bloodied and beaten, on farmer and ex-bluesman Lazarus' (Samuel L Jackson) doorstep, just at the moment when Jackson seems about ready to go 'round the bend.<br /><br />So Lazarus, after nursing the physically sick Rae back to health over a couple of days does what any rural farmer in the south would do with a woman half his age and of another race -- he chains her to a radiator in some odd misguided effort to cleanse her of \\"evil spirits\\" or some such nonsense; it's never spelled out very explicitly just what Lazarus believes, or doesn't believe, he can do.<br /><br />There's plenty of sleazy, trashy fun to be had here; our heroine does indeed run around in next to nothing for nearly the whole film, and Jackson's tortured musician Lazarus embodies a whole lot of fun southern black stereotypes -- and I do mean fun; this is certainly a film that tries to avoid racism at all costs.  If anything, it's saying that sure, blacks and white are a little different -- they're just messed up in different ways, and we'd best try to understand that, because we're all in it together.  They certainly are in director Craig Brewer's vision of the mid-south -- this small town has to be the best-integrated place in America.<br /><br />But never mind all that.  The film moves, the dialogue is mostly crisp, the acting (especially, and surprisingly, by Justin Timberlake as Ricci's rather confused boyfriend Ronnie) is solid.  The biggest problem that it has I think, is that it doesn't know whether to continue down the sordid route, or attempt a little morality play and make nice at the end.  Unfortunately it goes the latter route and ends up feeling too nicey-nice, but there was enough realistic local color and heart to the whole thing that I still found myself enjoying it.ke nice at the end.  Unfortunately it goes the latter route and ends up feeling too nicey-nice, but there was enough realistic local color and heart to the whole thing that I still found myself enjoying it.
B002LVVCIK|2.0|I've seen several of Mike's films, found them interesting or amusing though sometimes deceptive.  This one I found below par, not because I totally disagree but because he didn't seem to know the subject well enough.      I can surely sympathize with people losing their homes, jobs, etc.  But it's sort of a quantum leap to go from that to Capitalism Is Evil.  He interviews his local priests, people being evicted, a Socialist, etc. to back himself up.  Fine, now what about the other side?  Well, we get comical shots of Bush, hints of a Great Evil behind the bank bailout, and people having trouble explaining a financial term to Moore.  To his credit, he at one point suggests that democracy is the most important standard to maintain in seeking solutions.  But you can have democracy (or corruption, even totalitarianism) in either capitalist or socialist societies.  Also, you can have socialist-type institutions in a capitalist society (fire dept., public library, etc.), as well as private business to different degrees in socialist countries.  In this film, unfortunately, any deeper consideration of capitalism falls victim to Moore's stunts, emotionalism, and intrusive music.      I went to see this film out of curiosity, because I'd seen others by him on serious subjects, but I now think Moore should leave these subjects to serious makers of documentaries.        I should add that I found the footage from Mike's childhood rather amusing, and the part on FDR's \\"Second Bill of Rights\\" was worth seeing.  So there is some wheat among the chaff.
B0012Z361C|5.0|I purchased a CD named Vivere with Andrea Bocelli and other stars. It was in perfect condition and it was delivered in 24 hours. What a nice surprise. Thank you!
1416594787|5.0|I have read all of Dawkins books and expected this to be another interesting but redundat book. However, it was significantly different and I learned many facts concepts and methods that I was aware of, but this book expanded on them (e.g. Detail of methods of dating, genes and thier effect on embrionic growth, etc.).
031286504X|5.0|Brrr.  Horror stories are not my cup of tea.  I did enjoy the strangeness of Will Smith in the movie production of [[ASIN:B0013FDM7E I Am Legend]].  Often books read after the movie give the reader a deeper understanding of the plot.  So I tackled this one.<br /><br />In this case, it's almost a different story.  I won't say anymore about this, except that the finale is quite different.<br /><br />This volume is a collection of the \\"I Am Legend\\" novella, and a number of short stories.  Some of these stories are quite suspenseful, in particular \\"Mad House,\\" \\"From Shadowed Places,\\" and \\"Person To Person.\\"<br /><br />Matheson has a written a number of books.  Are they all horror books?<br /><br />Brrr.
0140282688|5.0|What an amazing book!  I haven't read anything I've enjoyed this thoroughly in at least a year.
B0013TTLDE|5.0|Truly loved this book so much that I bought The Forgotten Garden and was just as satisfied. I would highly recommend both of Kate Mortons books.
B00000G3AZ|3.0|Emma Woodhouse is well-intentioned, but her efforts at playing Cupid are comedic, if not totally misdirected.  This wealthy young woman is determined to live alone with her elderly father.  Along with painting, Emma is working assiduously to find husbands for her friends.  She good-naturedly gossips and interferes and ends up making matters worse.      While no film could be as well-done as Miss Austen's novels, I cannot compare this version to my favorite versions of \\"Pride and Prejudice\\" (BBC) and \\"Sense and Sensibility.\\" While I enjoy Ms. Paltrow's performances in most films, I felt she played the role as more of a contemporary woman rather than one of 19th Century Britain.      Rebecca Kyle, October 2009
B002S0OBFK|1.0|If you're expecting any true paranormal scares or thrills like you expected from the trailer than pass this piece of sewage away because at the end it's just a Blair Witch copy.  I cant's really say much because there wasn't much in the movie to really tell all it's about is the couple seemingly being haunted by some unknown spirit or other and them tapping the situation which happens only at night it seems.  The whole movie is pretty much seen through the video camera the couple use to tape their haunting which in itself is so reminiscent of Blair witch it just feels you're watching a sequel to that crap-o-rama movie, whether or not the couple were professional actors or not it just was so pathetic to watch them for an hour and a half and you were just waiting more to see something paranormal happen to them rather than what they're going through.  All I can say is that the ending itself was also very reminiscent of Blair Witch that this movie felt like deja vu all over again,  I saw that after the crappy movie was over more than 90% of the viewers along with myself were asking for our money back but unfortunately it follows the saying let the buyer beware(The theater of course gave no refunds).  So if you're expecting anything big out of this movie the most I can say is what you'll get is annoyance and frustration for wasting an hour and a half of your time for this garbage...
B0024F08RO|5.0|Seller did a great job with packaging and shipping. Amazing show... had to own the sets.
0307454541|5.0|There is one word to describe this book, and that word is \\"EXCELLENT.\\" The writing was superb, the plot was intense, and the characters were interesting (especially Lisbeth Salander). I can't wait to read \\"The Girl Who Played With Fire.\\" I definitely recommend this book to anyone thinking of purchasing it.
B001AQTWF2|5.0|Whitney Houston is a masterful performer. She has always been known for her vocal ability to the point where her technique dominated over artistry. Well with I Look to You, the artistry shines with a mature and poignant vocal style. Of course age brings on a huskiness which she uses to good effect but she does not disappoint when required to reach higher notes. Her lower range allows her to bring depth to the songs so rather than marvel at her artistry we share the love. The songs are all joyous but not frivolous. The rhythm of \\"Million Dollar Bill\\" is infectious and gets the album off to a great start. The beats used throughout are just right so you can groove to it without feeling overpowered. A Song for You,a classic, is a surprise with the change from ballad to uptempo and ulitmately works! All the arrangements are well balanced between Whitney's strong vocals and the background elements. Even her duet with Akon \\"Like I Never Left\\" seems well suited to her strength which is to sell a song. Her voice and Akon's blend nicely despite their difference in tone. My favorite track is \\"I Look to You\\" which not only brings her an expanded lower range but is an inspiring piece by R. Kelly whether the message is directed to God or to a loved one. Most of this release does not seem too autobiographical, maybe because of her recent frank revelations about her personal life. My Love is Your Love is probably much more so, though she was not so revealing about her personal life then in 1998. \\"I Didn't Know My Own Strength\\" is the most personal just because she is a survivor, both in her personal and professional life.  This album is clearly a labor of love and I thank her for sharing the joy.<br /><br />Recommended Tracks:<br /><br />Million Dollar Bill<br /><br />I Look to You<br /><br />A Song for You<br /><br />I Didn't Know My Own Strength
B00000IQW5|5.0|From the opening scene to the final credits, an outstanding Movie based on the WWII Spencer Tracy Classic, \\"A Guy Named Joe.\\" \\"Always,\\" does what a great movie is supposed to do. It makes you laugh and it makes you cry. That's Entertainment.
B00005JN8Z|5.0|This movie is still a classic and does not get old at all.  Peter Ustinov deserved his oscar
B000ENWKN8|5.0|There are people split on this album are split into two camps    They either love it and usually think it's Rob's best solo work or they strongly dislike and think it's the worst thing Mr.Zombie has done    And idk why honestly Rob literaly has one of the best Guitarists in the world at his hand's    JOhn 5 Is one of the best guitarists on the scene right now check out his solo stuff if you don't know how good he is    John's also been a studio and live guitar player for Rob Halford, David Lee Roth, Marilyn Manson Of Coarse, Paul Stanley, Robin Zander, Ozzy, Lita Ford, Lynard Skynard, KD Lang, Two, Garbage, Meatloaf, Scorpions, Staic X, Skid Row    John has been around the block and he show's his stuff here the rest of the backing band is great Tommy's a great fast paced drummer, And Piggy D Offers some good armospheric bass lines          1. Sawdust In The Blood- An intro a pretty good one just piano and guitar playing set's the mood for the album 5/5    2. American Witch- Starting off with a great guitar rift and killer bass line this became a big hit for Zombie in 2006 and in my books it's already a classic Zombie track 5/5    3. Foxy, Foxy- There were people who we're very mixed on this song I like it cause it is different from Rob's other stuff kind of a sexual groove to it and it sound's like he's having fun on the track as well 5/5    4. The Scorpion Sleeps- A Great intro by John 5 lead's to a killer drum intro from Tommy then we are on to one of Zombie's most unique song's the Arabian vibe that the song has is very interesting and I love the guitar solo 5/5    5. The Scorpion Sleeps- Now this track did take me awhile to get used to cause yes it does have a very similar beat to Rock N Roll Pt.2 I love Tommy's drumming on this track show's he is a very good player, But the song took some getting used to cause it's like a sports anthem ZOMBIE style 4/5    6. Let It Sleep- A Pretty good guitar instrumental but I wish it we're an actual song with only 11 tracks Idon't think it was necessary for another filler 3/5    7. Let It All Bleed Out- Fantastic hard rock track! With a great drum beat lovely bass line and John's great guitar playing this is one of Zombie's best tracks just fantastic and John's solo and breakdown is beautiful I love it 5/5    8. Death Of It All- A Very interesting Zombie song it has the first acoustics there's been on ANY Zombie song since White Zombies I Am Legend.  The song's about Bonnie & Clyde and  the guitar rifts from John is very atmospheric and gives a creepy vibe and the bass also gives it a dark vibe a very good song 5/5    9. Ride- My least favorite track it's not bad it just took me awhile to get into it it's a good hard rock song the guitar is pretty basic as is the drumming and bass, It's a good song just not great it doesn't have good rifts and is just very blah but I give it a 4/5      10. The Devil's Rejects- Great bluesy song it has an old school vibe to it and the piano also make's it very dark  I love this song it's dark and has many different styles incorporated into it 5/5    11. The Lord's Of Salem- The best song on the album! This one was recorded live it is fantastic the band is in top form here!    John give's a mean rift as does Piggy and john get's the drumming going into this twisted song that end's with a great breakdown from the band also check out the video! 5/5
B002P7UCMC|5.0|Good news to everyone, this album is better than Rosenrot (not that Rosenrot was horrible, it just was not good enough to compare to other works) this album shows Rammstein going back to their roots mainly, while still experimenting and making new creative music. Till's voice sound perfect, and the band sounds metal again. I highly suggest people get the version with the additional disc so you can get five more songs to carry with you, and these are good songs. Not songs that the band decided to throw in the trash then grabbing it out and selling it to you for $5. Good stuff all the way around.    ALl the **** does not mean the album is censored that is just how it looks, and from I understand so far, the track B******** = Buckstabu= german slang for \\"whatever you want\\"    enjoy
B0007939NO|4.0|Brigadoon - the force of the love makes Gene Kelly returns to the place where would be the supposed asleep city of Brigadoon and miraculously the loved of his awakes of a sleep that would have to last one hundred years.
B000002LGA|5.0|It's one of Lou's best albums, period. BUT...there are two songs that prove conclusively that Lou is the genius he's always claimed to be: \\"Strawman\\" and \\"Dime Store Mystery.\\"    Listen to those two tracks and you'll hear a performer who has no peer. Plain and simple. The only other musician I regularly compare to Lou is Neil Young, and that is because they are both \\"feel\\" players, and if graded on their TECHNICAL expertise as musicians, both might receive a C+, but in terms of blowing every \\"technically skilled\\" musician out of the WATER, Lou and Neil get an A+.    Their music is visceral, it's a gut-punch, it's the life you're living right now...whether you're willing to admit it or not. Life hurts and life is a gas and that's what they write about...those extremes and all points in between.    Lou's injected \\"UHHHHHHH\\" during the solo in Dime Store Mystery (@ the 2:13 mark)...\\"UHHHHHHH\\" indeed. \\"I wish I hadn;t thrown away my time, on so much human and so much less divine...\\"    Boys & girls, welcome to the genius of Lou Reed. He's like a garage sale...the true gems are surrounded by mountains of garbage...but the gems are true, and well worth the search. Let's face it...Lou is, was, and will always be a high-maintenance diva. But he's worth it. For everyone else, there's [[ASIN:B000002UH2 Poison's Greatest Hits 1986-1996]]...an album I would not wish on my worst enemy.
B002BSHXJA|1.0|Amazon ships this VERY-Expensive Box Set in a padded envelope...  Yes, a padded envelope...  It's like they are asking for their shippers to destroy it in transit.  I give this one star, because I can't believe Amazon could be this stupid.  Buy it from a store if you are a collector and want your box to be in good condition when you get it.<br /><br />UPDATE: Spoke to Amazon Customer Service, and they are sending me another mono box at no cost, but they cannot guarantee how it will be packed or where it will be shipped from...  They did put a note on the \\"re-order\\" stating that this will be a replacement order for one that was damaged due to poor packing, and also to pack the new mono box securely.  Also, they are shipping it 2-Day Air (from when they get re-stocked on Oct. 25th), at no additional charge.  So, they are at least trying to do the right thing...  I am still a bit annoyed, but we will see how it goes... and I will keep my fingers crossed that the new one arrives in better shape.
1853260339|5.0|Sherlock Holmes has long been a favorite of mine.  Nothing's changed.  He still is.  Excellent book, both in contents and appearance.
1416594787|3.0|This book has quite a polemical tone and presents invalid microbiology.   The examples and tone will not convince the people who do not believe  in evolution. Here are a few reasons why the book fails.    1) The analogies used to explain evolution are misleading and tend  to prove the opposite of what evolution is. Evolution, by definition,  is undirected at the genotype level, but again and again Dawkins'  analogies use directed mutations.    2) The local rules principle proposed by Dawkins to describe the  development of organisms is factually wrong. Organisms have   central controllers to develop and live (regulatory network  to express genes at the right moment under the right conditions).   In particular, this is true for unicellular organisms (e.g., E. coli).   Without master controllers to direct the function and growth of  a bacteria, all known bacteria would die.  Dawkins appears  to have a weak knowledge of microbiology.    3) Dawkins speculates on the essential elements of evolution rather  than showing clear evidence. For example, that undirected random mutations  plus selection creates new organisms. This is the crux of what evolution  is. For example, Dawkins' presentation of Lenski's experiment (the LTEE)  is speculative and is not evidence.   The LTEE experiment has not proven anything to support random  mutations towards more complex organisms: the paper by Blount et al  have not shown that a double mutation has occurred for E. coli to  adapt to citrate in an oxic environment. Actually, this particular experiment tends  to prove that random mutations is unlikely to create  new organisms:   It took 30000 generations before seeing any adaptation of E. coli and it  has not been determined by the researchers what exactly happened.    More details:    Point 1) Dawkins approach to explain evolution using analogies  often proves the opposite of what evolution is. For example, his  computer experiment based on a target sentence is just the opposite of  whatevolution is: undirected random mutation. His example just proves that  direction is required for random mutation to reach its target. This  is contrary to evolution which claims that random mutation is \\"blind\\"  and selection occurs on the phenotypes (not the random mutations  themselves!).    Point 2) Dawkins claims that the development of a human, or almost any  organism, is exclusively controlled by local (biological) rules. This  is not the case at all.  In prokaryotes, it is well known that some  genes regulate the transcription of large number of genes. These  regulator genes act as master controllers, or leaders, to direct cells'  development and growth. Actually there is a complex network of  transcription regulations in all known organisms where some genes act  on others which act on others, and so on. The \\"local rules\\" described  by Dawkins are not in contact with reality. They are completely wrong  biological models of how organisms grow and develop.     Point 3) The LTEE experiment (lead by Lenski, see PNAS, June 10 2008, vol. 105, no. 23)  has not proven that a favorable double-mutation occurred during the experiment for  E. coli to grow on Citrate in an Oxigen environment.  So Dawkins  rhetoric around this hypothesis remains very speculative, although at some  point Dawkins appear to take this for a fact. The favorable double-mutation is  an hypothesis in the paper so all Dawkins' rhetorics are in the domain  of speculation.  And 31000 generations to simply express a  gene that has always been there anyway does not show great evolution  capability from random mutations. Note that E. coli can grow on  Citrate, it just needs the gene corresponding to it to be expressed,  and this could done by removing Oxygen in the flasks. And this could be  due to a cryptic gene, as Blount et al states as a possibility in the  PNAS paper. To understand what the LTEE experiment really  proves you need to read the PNAS paper, Dawkins' explanations are too  biased and full of rhetoric hiding the fact that the experiment  has not shown the \\"creative power\\" of random mutations and selection.    Dawkins is fabricating evidence.    Bottom line: The authors of the LTEE experiment do not really know for sure,   at the nucleotide level of the genes, what caused E. coli to suddenly   adapts itself to Citrate in an Oxygen environment.    Many other authors have provided a much more precise, correct, clear,  and readable account of what is really going on in microbiology and  evolution compared to this book. I am thinking of writers such as  Christian de Duve (Nobel laureate). If I wanted to understand real  microbiology, I would steer clear of this book which presents  a distorted view of it.    As Sir Peter Medawar wrote (and Dawkins tangentially refers to him) about  Pierre Teilhard de Chardin's book \\"The Phenomenon of Man\\" : \\"We must  not underestimate the size of the market for works of this kind.\\" It  applies well to Dawkins latest book.    Finally, a most appropriate conclusion (quoting a review of Publisher Weekly):   \\"perhaps Dawkins is aware that demagogic ranting that displays confidence in the face   of counter-evidence is the way to sway unlearned masses.\\"
B002ODEJYE|5.0|One thing that Pink has never been accused of is being repetitive or boring. Bringing her show straight from the stage and into your lounge room is the DVD of her latest tour which was filmed in Sydney on the 17th and 18th of July 2009.<br /><br />From the opening where you see Pink waking up on the couch after a big night, you know that you are going to be in for a visual feast and a truly theatrical performance. A pantomime starts the show by running around the stage exciting the crowd and turning a gear to lift our favorite performer out of a trap door.<br /><br />The costume changes show more and more of Pink's athletically toned body and enough sequins that any drag queen would be jealous. From the flowing skirts through to the red leather pants, she looks quite at home in each outfit.<br /><br />The best thing about the entire DVD is that she looks like she is having fun on stage. Some live shows, even some DVD releases of live shows, the artists look bored or like they're just going through the motions of their performance. Pink is vibrant in her performance and captures the viewers attention with effortless ease.<br /><br />Watching her songs come alive is nothing short of phenomenal. From Ave Mary A with its powerful lyrics and rocking sounds, right through to the emotional vulnerability of Babe I'm Gonna Leave You and Family Portrait with their raw delivery. Pink is a dynamic powerhouse with each of her songs, throwing herself 100% into each and every number.<br /><br />Surprising in its inclusion though stunning performed is I Touch Myself where Pink drapes herself over a red velvet lounge. The performance is seductive and sensual. As she cavorts on the lounge, hands appear through the lining and caress Pink while she sings. It's amazing and spectacular viewing.<br /><br />Her sense of humor is certainly not without mention and shines through in both the audience interaction and the performance of Leave Me Alone (I'm Lonely) with her quest to find bad dancers and her own efforts at terrible dancing. It all carries through into the following track So What. Her poses to inside with the lyrics of having rock moves and the pillow fight between her dancers and one more hapless man who ends up in very little and tied to her on-stage bed.<br /><br />The piano interlude between So What and Family Portrait is breath taking a breath taking piece and with the clips of her show flashing beside the piano, it's also stunning to watch. The determination and sheer majesty of the culminated effect is worthy of the applause and cheers the audience provided.<br /><br />Her performance of Sober with the acrobatics is nothing short of show stopping. The camera catches several audience members with worried and concerned looks on their faces. Pink shows her true diversity as a performer and not just a singer as she executes each move perfectly and drags more cheers from the crowd at the spectacle that they have just beheld.<br /><br />The show stopping moments don't stop there. Also included is Pink's own version of Bohemian Rhapsody. The way she takes to the song, it could almost be that it was written especially for her. Her performance is without flaw and with her delivery is purely electric from the deep sentiment to the fun of the music as the song progresses. Masterfully, she manages to pull it firmly back to the heartfelt conclusion of the song.<br /><br />It would certainly be remiss not to mention the tour's title track Funhouse with it's electric delivery and kitsch performance with the dancers in costumes that look like circus performances reminisce of the wild, wild west times complete with the bar maid outfits. The routine is heavily choreographed  but all the performers have obviously put a lot of effort into it and the piece comes off with a wonderful dynamic that captivates the eyes.<br /><br />To introduce the cast members, the last cover song is the Gnarls Barkly classic Crazy. From the outset it's going to be a great performance and her humor again shines through as she talks about the different cast members. There is obviously a great relationship that has built up between of the members. After introductions, she goes back into audience interaction mode getting the audience to help sing the chorus before disappearing offstage.<br /><br />Not content to leave the show there, the encore kicks in with Get The Party Started and more acrobatics sure to captivate, amaze and entertain the audience. Even if you don't like the song, it's worth watching for the athletic ability of both Pink and her performers.<br /><br />The real finale kicks in with Glitter in the Air. The subdued tones almost at odd with the previous song but it's masterfully done and the performance is nothing short of stunning. There is a lot to be said about this woman's talent and none of it can be bad.<br /><br />For anyone who saw the show, this is a fantastic keep sake and for anyone who didn't see the show, this is a must have for any fan who had their partner forget to buy their tickets in time for Christmas like they were meant to. It had to be one of the most exciting shows and musical events to have happened in the last few years. Now you can relive it again and again from your own lounge. This is a must have for any fan or anyone who went to the concert. This is Pink live and at her best.rs. There is obviously a great relationship that has built up between of the members. After introductions, she goes back into audience interaction mode getting the audience to help sing the chorus before disappearing offstage.    Not content to leave the show there, the encore kicks in with Get The Party Started and more acrobatics sure to captivate, amaze and entertain the audience. Even if you don't like the song, it's worth watching for the athletic ability of both Pink and her performers.    The real finale kicks in with Glitter in the Air. The subdued tones almost at odd with the previous song but it's masterfully done and the performance is nothing short of stunning. There is a lot to be said about this woman's talent and none of it can be bad.    For anyone who saw the show, this is a fantastic keep sake and for anyone who didn't see the show, this is a must have for any fan who had their partner forget to buy their tickets in time for Christmas like they were meant to. It had to be one of the most exciting shows and musical events to have happened in the last few years. Now you can relive it again and again from your own lounge. This is a must have for any fan or anyone who went to the concert. This is Pink live and at her best.
B000001FTJ|2.0|It's hard to imagine that a vocalist with a voice as bad as Tom Waits can make a career selling records. Thankfully (mercifully) many of the cuts have long long instrumental introductions such as 'Dave The Butcher'. The opening cut, 'Underground', will be enough to frighten most listeners away to begin with. To call this 'music' cutting edge progressive alternative experimental is like dropping a can of paint on the sidewalk and calling it modern art. The 'music' (noise) on this disk is different. But that doesn't make it music. I generously gave it 2 stars for the high pain threshold of the backup band.
B000VDDDY6|2.0|I can appreciate the fact that they took it upon themselves to repair the film where it was damaged. However, they overstepped their bounds and violated this classic by adding effects and shots that were not in the original.
0393320928|4.0|Richard Feynman must have been a very interesting fellow!   Too bad we all didn't get a chance to have a conversation with him in person. However, reading his books is the next best thing...he writes like he's in your living room.
B0000793ZC|5.0|What a fantastic concert CD.  I feel like I'm there!  The band is amazing!
B000WQW988|5.0|Let me tell you something important before I start the review: I've been waiting to buy this DVD (with my own money) an *excruciating* period of time. I already had [[ASIN:B000003TB9 MTV Unplugged in New York]] and it was - as you guess - indescribably good, and I could spend hours and hours listening to the album over and over, over and over and again.<br /><br />Seeing Nirvana, seeing Kurt performing on a tape for more than 3-4 minutes (one song) - was not something I experienced ever in my life. This DVD left me completely speechless and made my heartbeat stop just to capture a a simple moment, like one of my greatest wishes came through.<br /><br />This is Kurt singing with his deepest emotions, with the saddest look on his face and the best, the best performance Nirvana ever did. It's also worthy to say that is not only completely amazing to see Kurt sing, but also it is very agonizing (at least for me) to see Kurt in this light. He looked very sad, not to my delight I must say.<br /><br />Anyway, it doesn't get any better than this, an *absolute* must have for any Nirvana fan.
B001F0VHEM|5.0|I am really enjoying this CD by Pink......she doing her thang. I love her voice I've always felt she could sing and on this CD she is showing her stuff, I have her CD on BlasT as I'm driving around the Metro Area in Detroit. I love it!!<br /><br />Sober...the syht, it's my ringtone.<br />Please don't Leave Me...I love<br />So What....lol, she's a ToOl!!<br />I Don't Believe U..it reminds me<br />It's All Ur Fault...I like<br />Bad Influence...it's my msge ringback tone<br /><br />U go Pink!!!
6304493681|5.0|The DVD extras: making of, in japanese with subtitles, loads and loads of text information on various topics related to the feature, the feature trailer, and a rather caffeinated preview of other products from Manga-video.    The DVD has two languages: Japanese with subs being default, but the subs can be removed, or the film played with the english dub.    The film:     The protagonist is a cybernetic denizen of the uncanny valley who is working for the government looking for hackers.  These are not the sort of hackers that invade company home-pages and replace them with random images, and turn out to be overweight 14 year old kids when they are caught.  These have a much cooler evil scheme.    The story goes about in the future, which happens to be rusty and used up, but unlike so many live action cyberpunk films the sun does shine in this one.  Which is how we can see the rust.  Then the sun goes down sowe can see the neon.  Can't have cyberpunk without neon.  Or at the very least a creepy guy called Neo.    Creepy things happen, stuff blows up, there is spectacle.    In the oriental style, the film states its message and ends.  That makes the film feel cut off at the end, but it actually said what it came to say, and didn't bother going into fireworks or other showmanship to do it.  It is more of an idea movie than an action movie - on the bright side it is an amusing idea you may have considered yourself or seen it on Star Trek.  In which case this can add something new, or just a different point of view.  Afterwards you could watch the series.  They are good, if different in many ways.
159448385X|5.0|This was heart-breaking....but such a great read.  A bit of understanding into the muslim world.
B002SJIO5E|5.0|This is a testament that shows with a low budget, no major Hollywood backing, a movie can be made that has the power in story telling, character development, and action. I believe this film was budgeted at 30 million? That is what I had read. Peter Jackson was going to have this new comer Neil Blomkamp direct the Halo movie then that fell apart, he felt bad and basically told this young maverick I'll back your next movie... low and behold we have District 9.<br /><br />I couldn't believe the production values here, if this movie were made for 30 million, it looked like 100 million on film, top notch special effects, no name actors, a great story that pulls in the viewer, and the Aliens, giving them almost a Human element. So the film starts off with an alien race stranded in Johannesburg South Africa for like 30 something years, where the Aliens known as Prawns are herded into these slums and kept under a watchful eye of the MNU, a UN type agency. Then there is the protagonist named Wikus who at the beginning of the film, you get a sense he's a man way over his head, but yet a nice guy, never associate him to be the hero type but your average Joe. He get's a promotion at the MNU (MultiNational United) Wikus is a man who just follows orders, kinda nerdy, xenophobic, has a fear of the unknown, maybe too ambitious, selfish, conniving, his job is to relocate the  Prawns to a new location away from human population, being more isolated from human contact. Wikus is a character the audience would balk at... In the film we see him going around District 9 evicting the Prawns using intimidation, force, lies, one particluar scene he discovers a shack with dead cow carcasses and prawn eggs, which is illegal to have. So he demonstrates an abortion and he doesn't feel sorry, he doesn't view the prawns as an equal. So Wikus doesn't think twice as he kills the prawn eggs, and they torch the shack and hear the eggs popping and he casually says, \\"You hear that, that popping? It's the eggs, sounds like popcorn\\" one would argue he is just doing his job for the MNU.  BUT then as the film progresses Wikus is being hunted by the same Company he worked for. He holds the key to what the MNU really want from the Prawns---- their futuristic weapons. I think it is believable that any Nation who would come in contact with another race and they had the technology and advanced weaponary we would want it. Let's face it, Humans have been at war for 1,000s of years, it's a natural order, of course a Government would want to harness that power and use it on their enemies and show who is the Super Power. Anyways Wikus still seems manipulative, conniving as he transforms, his DNA bonding with Alien DNA thus metamorphosing into a Prawn, and his only hope is the Prawn Christopher. I think we would all do the same thing if we were in Wkius' shoes. He's desperate, scared and really just thinking about himself and how to turn back to human again. What drives him is the fear of the unknown.<br /><br />Then there is Christopher the alien Prawn who has found a power source that can ultimately send his race home--- what they had always wanted to do in the first place. Ironically it is Christopher even though being \\"alien\\" has human traits, has emotions. He wants to help Wikus. There is a nice scene in MNU headquarters where Christopher finds out what really is happening to his race, they are being dissected, tested on, being used essentially as guinea pigs. Wikus never knew that this is happening, it's MNU's dirty little secret being kept under wraps. Wikus realizes the Prawns never meant no harm, they ultimately didn't do anything to the Humans, it was the MNU cleverly disguising their real intentions in the form of supposedly Humanitarian efforts. One scene Wikus tells Chris and his young Prawn that the reolcation spot would be worse that District 9.<br /><br />The last 30 mins or so is astounding not just visually with the special effects but the action sequences. There is one scene where Wikus who towards the end runs away and we as the viewer feel a sense of anger maybe because he Leaves Chris to his fate which is certainly death but then Wikus comes back.... his ultimate redemption. He Realizes his fate is sealed and he must live with it now and that it's not about him, and ultimately finds sacrifice, he wants to help Christopher get to the mother ship, ultimately Wikus knowing that it's the right thing to do.<br /><br /> This is what drew me into this film, the humanity, it wasn't just mindless action, if you want that go see Transformers II. I think we know that under the surface there is the allegory of Apartheid in which happened in South Africa, The War on Terror, the War in Iraq happening now. All cleverly disguised in a Sci/Fi movie.<br />A splendid movie that must be watched.e is one scene where Wikus who towards the end runs away and we as the viewer feel a sense of anger maybe because he Leaves Chris to his fate which is certainly death but then Wikus comes back.... his ultimate redemption. He Realizes his fate is sealed and he must live with it now and that it's not about him, and ultimately finds sacrifice, he wants to help Christopher get to the mother ship, ultimately Wikus knowing that it's the right thing to do.<br /><br /> This is what drew me into this film, the humanity, it wasn't just mindless action, if you want that go see Transformers II. I think we know that under the surface there is the allegory of Apartheid in which happened in South Africa, The War on Terror, the War in Iraq happening now. All cleverly disguised in a Sci/Fi movie.<br />A splendid movie that must be watched.
B002KQ6BT6|1.0|Way too much description and history.  If I wanted to read history I would have chosen a different book.  I skipped page after page trying to find some action.
B000021XS0|5.0|The title really says it all, and the abounding positive reviews do the rest. One of DT's best, if not their altogether best. Not a weak moment on the entire record, which is exactly what anybody should expect from a concept album, much more a DT concept album.    Thanks for reading.
B0002XNSY0|5.0|Stanley Kubrick was a director of many faces. His films always had that distinctive look. His films dealt with the consequences of war (Full Metal Jacket, Paths of Glory), human evolution & alien intelligence (2001: A Space Odyssey), a descent into madness (The Shining), and an analysis on humanity & free will (A Clockwork Orange). While most of his films are based off of novels from Stephen King, Anthony Burgess, and others, Kubrick mostly moved away from the primary sources and put his own artistic qualities into them. Out of all the novels, I have read only \\"A Clockwork Orange\\" (which is ironic since I've never seen the film just yet, but I hope to see it as soon as possible), and judging from author's reactions (the most obvious being Stephen King), it's quite clear that Kubrick had a different vision with each of the novels that he adapted onto the big screen. With Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying And Love The Bomb, it's yet another loose adaptation, but I'm not here to complain about the director's calculated and eccentric process.<br /><br />Inspired by the novel \\"Red Alert\\" by Peter George, this black comedy was created in 1964, and was seen as a daring attempt to bring humor into the thought of a nuclear war. Knowing that this film was made in the middle of the Cold War, it's even funnier forty-five years later. This is not toilet humor. This is dark political humor that's incredibly ironic and satirical. There are so many classic scenes (\\"Be careful, Mr. President. I think he's drunk.\\"), that it's simply hard to describe all of them in just one review. Straight to the point, this is one of Stanley Kubrick's greatest films, and one of the greatest comedies of all time. It has a great ensemble of actors (Sellers, Scott, and Pickens steal the show), a bold script, amazing black-and-white cinematography, and, as I've mentioned earlier, numerous memorable scenes. Now granted, this film isn't for everybody. Those who are not into politics may not be interested, but those who are willing to see a 60's black comedy that's fantastically modern would no doubt find this one entertaining.<br /><br />Grade: Anterested, but those who are willing to see a 60's black comedy that's fantastically modern would no doubt find this one entertaining.    Grade: A
B001GZ6QC4|4.0|Christopher Nolan returns for this sequel to Batman Begins.    The story pretty much picks up where Batman Begins left off. We see Bruce struggling with his normal life and his life as Batman. However, now he has a new villian on his hands The Joker. The Joker is a sick and twisted character who tells everyone he wants Batman to take off his mask or innocent people will die. This turns the city against Batman. The story also involves Harvey Dent (Two-Face), Gothams District Attorney, who Bruce sees as the person that Batman can never be and believes in Harvey Dent to bring order to the city.     Like most Batman films, this film is very uneven with its plot and a lot of it is rather tough to keep up with. I really felt they should have saved Two-Face for a sequel because there was already so much story with the Joker and it just felt way too crowded when they brought in Two-Face.    From an acting standpoint, this is probably one of the best Batman movies in that department. The acting is very oscar worthy with actors like Michael Caine, Gary Oldman, Aaron Eckhart, Morgan Freeman, and of course Heath Ledger dominanting the screen. I have to be honest, i had my doubts about Ledger playing the Joker because his track record in film didn't really inspire a lot of confidence for a character like the Joker but Ledger performance is absolutely legendary. Aaron Eckhart is also very good as Harvey Dent/Two-Face, he does have his moments when he can be over the top but for some reason that works very well.  But some bad acting does manage to hit the screen and this is mainly from Christian Bale. Bale, on his own, is a very good actor but for some reason his acting ability seems to fall straight south when it comes to playing Batman. It also doesn't help that his voice sounds absolutely retarded.      This movie displays simply the best action scenes in the history of the Batman films. While action was very good for the rest of the series, The Dark Knight takes it to anotherlevel.     CGI is also best in the series mainly because you'll have trouble telling which part is real and which part is CGI and that is always cool.    Overall, The Dark Knight is one of the best Batman films ever made and while the movie does have its flaws it will still keep you on the edge of your seat.  [...].
B001G7G5U0|5.0|I have been a devoted fan of his work since early on. As in all of his works, there are times when he seems to be able to perfectly transfer human emotions into musical form. Also, as always, there also may be a few moments that are not nearly as inspiring. This just goes with the territory of trying to make different types of musical ideas flow together into a larger work. Is he a musical genius? There has never been any doubt in my mind for 30 + years. Thanks Mike for making this life a little more enjoyable and interesting. S. Camp
B0029O08WA|5.0|I received this soundtrack for my birthday and I am a huge Twilight fan. The soundtrack is great! As you listen to each song you can envision what scene it will be used in. It makes me even more eager for the movie to come out. I listen to the cd everyday in my car and at home on my laptop. I just love it!
B002NUULNG|5.0|The CG reworking done to the 2.0 version of this movie is probably not needed.  A good comparison is what George Lucas did with the original star wars trilogy.  Things were added here and there, some made things look better other times it made the movie itself worse.  It's also very similar to the limited edition star wars releases on dvd a few years back.  Like those discs this also includes the original theatrical release.  So if you are a purist and much rather watch the movie as originally intended you are able to do so.  I watched 2.0 once through but I imagine any further rewatching will be done with the theatrical version included as a special feature.    Anyway,  With how this disc was handled I can't help but highly recommend it to any fan of Ghost in the shell.  Even if you already own the original dvd this is a worthy upgrade even if you only watch the theatrical version for the higher bitrate.  The original GITS movie had some severe macroblocking issues that this disc does not have.  I never saw the re-release done a few years back so I can't compare but it's a vast improvement over the original.    If it wasn't for the inclusion of the theatrical I would have given it 4 stars instead of 5.  Even with the all the issues I have with the 2.0 remake, I still feel this is the definitive release of the movie for now.
0061438294|5.0|This is really a good book for understanding body language. The pictures make it easier to learn and remember. It is very well written.
B002GZQYMK|4.0|the pruduct purchased by me,a C.D.it had a good price,,in few words I like Amazon to make deals...I'm sorry,but a don't speack English very well,thanks....
B001VPJYZK|5.0|The best-kept secret on Wisteria Lane is that Season 5 is the best of the entire \\"Desperate Housewives\\" series.  Like everyone else, I couldn't get enough of those early seasons.  Even the pretty crummy Season 2 was on my must-watch list.  By the time Season 5 rolled around, and in spite of the fact that I owned the box sets of Seasons 1-4, I'd lost interest in the show.  I didn't catch a single episode of Season 5 as it was broadcast, and didn't intend on buying the Season 5 box set, especially given the steep price.  And then one night, I happened to catch a rerun of an old \\"Housewives,\\" and--I guess I was feeling nostalgic--I bought the Season 5 box on a whim, using 1-Click ordering.  I bet if I hadn't used 1-click, I would have never gone through with the purchase.  And I would have missed out on what was for me the most enjoyable of any of the \\"Desperate Housewives\\" seasons.  The central characters have never been sharper.  Or funnier.  Or more touching.  The guest appearances by Lily Tomlin and Beau Bridges are absolutely fantastic.  And the stories surprised me at every turn, just the way I expect this series to do.  I'm sure some will disagree with me here, but I have to say, I loved every minute of all seven disks in this box.  This show may be past its heyday in the eyes of the general public, but for those in the know, Season 5 is a secret worth passing on.  Don't say I didn't tell you.
B000002H6C|5.0|This was my first Metallica album way back in the mid 90s when I first got into music. It is still probably my favorite. Yeah, there is no bass but who cares? This is probably the best and tightest collection of songs Metallica ever put on a single album. It doesn't have my favorite song by the group on it (Unforgiven and Nothing Else Matters) but it does contain classics. My favorite songs from ...And Justice For All are the title track, One and the (almost) instrumental To Live Is To Die.     If you're new to Metallica this is a great place to start.
B002A9OJ0Q|5.0|This album is simply amazing and quite a return to form after the mildly lackluster Analogue. A-ha has been a long time favorite of mine and I have pretty much everything they have released with some good, some not so great but mostly amazing. This is one of the best ever for them and it is kind of return to their roots. I love the mix of synthesizers and guitars and the melodies are still extremely strong. \\"Foot of the Mountain\\" is such a great single and one I keep playing over and over.     It is sad that this return to their roots album is going to be their last. After 27 years they are calling it quits and going off to pursue other interests. One can only hope they will have a change of heart someday but... This is a fitting send off for such an amazing group who have endured almost three dacades of musical change and done it with such style and grace, sounding even better today then they did way back when, in their first efforts.     Yes, \\"Take On Me\\" will always be on the top of my favorites list from them, but I think they are much stronger and more complete as a group today. I will continue to follow their solo eforts and can only hope for some kind of A-ha feel from them. I also will be looking to see them on their fairwell tour this coming year. Thanks for the wonderful parting gift.
B000000WA4|5.0|When I first got into music in the mid 90s this was of my first albums. I never listened to Siamese Dream and don't care for it even now, but this was a great album and still sounds better than most junk on the radio today.     Mellon Collie opens with the soft title track and then goes right into the best song on the album, Tonight, Tonight. Other stand outs for me were Zero, Bullet with Butterfly Wings, 1979, Bodies, and the closing song.     There's really a little of everything on this album. Hard rockers, acoustics, different singers, all kinds of sounds and great lyrics that fit the music perfectly.     Brilliant album and the best thing Billy Corgan ever did. If he never made another album after this one, it would have been perfect.
B0024RIMBG|5.0|This is a wonderful DVD of the Celtic Woman group.  These ladies can sing like angels and the backdrop of Slane Castle is great.  The orchestra, percussions, and backup singers blend with these wonderful singers to make a once-in-a-lifetime performance an everyday event with this DVD.  If you liked Riverdance, you will love Celtic Woman.
B000NU2CY4|4.0|I've been waiting for this movie to release in High Def and it's finally here.You get the orginal and extended edition on 1 disc sweet deal. I forgot how long this movie was but it's still Awesome!!!! There's so many education clips after you watch the movie on the Extra Disc which I found very fascinating.
B001DHE9KG|4.0|The cast of this production deliver sublime interpretations of this evergreen opera by Puccini. They all work very hard to bring the music to us superbly.    I was disappointed in the visual direction. Too many close-ups which exaggerate the stage demands of the leading cast members and not enough wider angles to take in the spectacle of Franco Zeffirelli's amazing concept. I wish the directors would assume an audience seat rather than a camera seat.
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|Coldplay's fourth studio album, \\"Vida la Vida or Death and All His Friends\\", was released on June 11th, 2008 and was an immediate success both with the critics as well as with the public.  The album went to #1 in numerous countries, and eventually won the Grammy award for the Best Rock Album.  Though a relatively short album for these days, only 47 minutes, it is nonetheless large in message and scope.  Some have criticized it because it lacks an edge, which often great albums have, but in spite of that, or perhaps because of it, it is noteworthy.  In any case, it is true to what the group has always been.    It opens with \\"Life in Technicolor\\" a very pleasant instrumental introduction to the album which sets the tone for the whole album.  There is a longer version of the song that has lyrics titled \\"Life in Technicolor II\\" which appears on the 2008 EP \\"Prospekt's March\\".  \\"Cemeteries of London\\" is a beautiful song, with intriguing lyrics.  \\"Lost!\\" follows along the same lines as a slow melodic piece.  \\"42\\" starts off along the same lines, but then transitions into a higher-energy piece.  \\"Lovers in Japan/Reign of Love\\" continues to play to the strength of the band, with a strong melody and interesting lyrics, the first half having a good driving rhythm, and then transitioning into a very slow a melodic second half.    \\"Yes\\" opens up the second half of the album and is another example of how the band can produce similar pieces, and yet make them sound completely different.  There is a hidden piece at the end of \\"Yes\\" called \\"Chinese Sleep Chant\\".  The title track \\"Viva la Vida\\" is next, and is a piece destined to be around for a long time as a classic.  \\"Violet Hill\\" is next, the first anti-war piece from the group.  \\"Strawberry Swing\\" is next, a nicely crafted piece which leads well into the closing piece.  \\"Death and All His Friends\\" is a nice simple closing to the album, though it doesn't actually close the album as there is a hidden instrumental piece called \\"The Escapist\\" which forms a nice bookend with the opening \\"Life in Technicolor\\".    Coldplay is Chris Martin (lead vocals, keyboards, guitar), Johnny Buckland (lead guitar), Guy Berryman (bass guitar), and Will Champion (drums, backing vocals, other instruments).  \\"Viva La Vida\\" is a very melodic and thoughtful album, which is well-crafted musically and lyrically.  From their start, Coldplay was a highly thought of musical group and this is their best album to date, and that wasn't an easy goal to achieve.
0307155102|5.0|All I can say is my daughter (just 2) insists on sleeping with this book or the Best First Book every night.  And in reading one of them every morning and evening.  She loves being able to identify things that she and her family and friends do everyday, and the things she sees in her emerging world.  I will give these as first Birthday presents from now on.
0765340798|4.0|This book isn't the best in this 3-book window that is reserved for House Harkkonen, but this is a good informative and interesting addition to the tale of Dune.  Worth reading for background and character understanding.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|This series has been brought to life by the masters at HBO. The casting is fabulous!!!!!<br />If you are a fan of the books, you will love this series!
B001FB4W0W|5.0|If you're already a Fan of the program, this is definitely a \\"must have\\" DVD set for you to own.  I've already preordered my Second Season and am anxiously awaiting it's release.
B002LMV7TS|5.0|My friends and all LOVE this movie, despite all the scathing negative reviews from so-called \\"experts\\" here and on other movie sites who constantly trash it. Of course it's not 100% \\"true\\" to the original (20-minute) cartoon or the book. You gotta fill a 2-hr+ movie with something, so they came up with a lot more material and a back story... we all adore the mildly adult and sometimes twisted humor, anti-Christmas dialog, great effects, and some of the funniest lines I've ever heard in a movie. I generally hate Jim Carrey, but in this role, he truly cracks me up. I am ordering the Blu-Ray version to replace my regular DVD... It's a holiday staple at our house, and will continue to be forever.<br /><br />For those who expected a charming, nostalgic full-length children's book movie version of this classic tale, I suggest you settle for the original cartoon... This takes the story to a new, (and funnier) level, and I for one, think it's great entertainment!
B001IKKMCW|1.0|I'm going to be quick and direct with this review by saying:    You are not getting anything more from this Blu-Ray edition than from buying the much cheaper DVD version. The video in this product is simply upscaled from the DVD and is not actually remastered.    Do not experience the loss of money lost by people who have been scammed by these liars who release The Mask and Terminator movies on Blu-Ray which are not actually in high definition as one would believe.
0810983915|5.0|My son loves this series so of course I pre-ordered this book for him.  It just arrived today and boy did he gush when I surprised him with it after school.  I even got a hug and an \\"I love you!\\" before he disappeared with it for the remainder of the evening.  He's about halfway through with it already and stopped himself so he would have more to enjoy tomorrow.  He rereads them all anyways.  I also flipped through it before he came home and chuckled at the parts, the boy reminds me of my own and is probably why he loves this series so much.  It is very relatable to kids without being a bad influence.  I love the humor and that it keeps my son reading!
B001M5UDGS|5.0|Joss Whedon does it again (and I imagine he knows it and had already complimented himself immensely)with Dr. Horrible's Singalong Blog. Neil Patrick Harris is awesome, and a very good singer, and Nathan Fillion is also surprisingly good.  Having never heard him sing, I was skeptical, but he proved that he's not only a talented (and gorgeous) actor, but can carry a tune.  Too bad the Buffy the Vampire Slayer Musical didn't have him in it.
0385504225|1.0|I fell let down after enjoying DaVinci Code and A&D.   Those were page turners.  Symbol was a real \\"Yawner!\\"  In all honesty, I should have given up after the first 100 pages.  Sorry Mr. Brown!  You've seen the last of my money.
B001AQT0RC|4.0|An exceptional looking Blu-ray, \\"Contact\\" tells the story of Ellie Arroway (Jodie Foster)and the impact that her discovery of a message from an alien race impacts society. In essence \\"Contact\\" acts as both a literal title and a pun--the film is about contact between science and faith, between a woman who loses her family at a young age trying to reconnect in some little way with what's she lost and her unending faith that she will discover there IS life out there.<br /><br />Working with authors Carl Sagan and Anne Druyan director Robert Zemeckis has refashioned the tale adding the character of David Drumlin (Tom Skerrit)as an adversary who dogs Ellie every step of the way pushing her further and further away from her opportunity to embrace her discovery. Featuring a terrific supporting cast \\"Contact\\" focuses more on the humanity rather than the hardware but deals with a number of complex themes in the process. Rather than focusing on a team that goes to meet the Vegans Zemeckis and screenwriters James V. Hart & Michael Goldberg elect to make one person go throwing the finale into question--again, it comes down to a matter of faith and Ellie believes.<br /><br />The Blu-ray has all of the original extras that were on the 1997 DVD. While the transfer looks extremely good with nice detail, color and clarity. It appears to be digitally scrubbed though with a bit too much digital noise reduction used reducing the level of the detail in the process. Nevertheless, it does blow away the original DVD by leaps and bounds particularly the opening sequence as we look at the Earth following the radio waves as they leave our planet moving further and further away from our solar system.<br /><br />\\"Contact\\" is a very good if flawed film. The faith vs. science themes that were so prevelent in Sagan's book are still here but presented in a bit of a muddled fashion. There's zero chemistry on screen between Foster and McConaughey. David Morse brings a strong, quiet presence to his role as Ellie's father. The ending although it is touching and does provide a sense of closure (and while it does make sense in many respects) may feel like a cheat to some. I thought it worked quite well within the context of the film. Some of the story elements like the subplot involving a terrorist attack on the \\"Machine\\" and NASA are deftly handled--they could have been blown up (pardon the pun)into soap opera spectacle but Zemeckis plays it low-key. The other flaw is the time compression from discovery to execution; while it was essential to keeping the film moving forward it also makes everything seem as it it happens rather quickly.<br /><br />Over all this is a exceptionally good looking Blu-ray and the fact that Warner has ported over all the DVD extras (something that many studios have chosen not to do)is a big plus as well. Highly recommended.The ending although it is touching and does provide a sense of closure (and while it does make sense in many respects) may feel like a cheat to some. I thought it worked quite well within the context of the film. Some of the story elements like the subplot involving a terrorist attack on the \\"Machine\\" and NASA are deftly handled--they could have been blown up (pardon the pun)into soap opera spectacle but Zemeckis plays it low-key. The other flaw is the time compression from discovery to execution; while it was essential to keeping the film moving forward it also makes everything seem as it it happens rather quickly.     Over all this is a exceptionally good looking Blu-ray and the fact that Warner has ported over all the DVD extras (something that many studios have chosen not to do)is a big plus as well. Highly recommended.
B002TOJOVG|4.0|\\"Law Abiding Citizen,\\" the new thriller with Gerard Butler and Jamie Foxx, is an interesting revenge thriller that takes the viewer to some unexpected places and provokes thoughtful conversations and introspection. Regardless of any drawbacks that the film may have, and it is certainly not perfect, it makes valid points about the sometimes arbitrary nature of the criminal justice system.<br /><br />Gerard Butler stars as an engineer whose seemingly peaceful life is shattered when two men break into his house, injure him, and kill his wife and daughter. Grieving, but obviously believing that his case is clear cut, he is stunned when the young assistant DA prosecuting the case, played by Jamie Foxx, makes a deal that allows a reduced sentence for the killer of the wife and child in exchange for his testimony against the other man.<br /><br />Ten years later, as the man convicted of murder is facing lethal injection, Butler's long-planned revenge plot begins to unfold. We find out that Butler is not who he has seemed to be, and that the now senior assistant DA Foxx has his hand full with a clever resourceful advesary.<br /><br />This film is not for the squeamish, has several shocks and surprises, and is meditative and thoughtful. It is a suprisingly good thriller considering how bad it could have been with a lesser cast, script, and direction.
B002KAJ0AO|5.0|I pre-ordered the album and I was so happy when I received it. The past 2 albums were just not very good to me and I have been a fan since I was 13 (I am now 24.) So, I was very happy when I listened to the album b/c it sounds like the old Backstreet Boys! I listen to it all the time and never seem to get tired of it. Here is my song review break down:         1. Straight Through My Heart: This is a GREAT song that the rdio stations just didnt get a chance! If this was anyone else's song it would have been a top 10 hit.        2. Bigger: This is the only sing produced by the great Max Martin that is responsible for most of BSB's past hits. This song was    good, but it wasnt up to Max or BSB's standards. Not one of my favories, but still better than all the songs on the last 2 albums. I am unsure as to why this is going to be the 2nd single. It is like they are doing things like they did before they got big in the US. Their main attention is overseas. Maybe it will work this time around too!       3. Bye Bye Love: This one has a nice R&B sound. It doesn really sound like \\"Forever\\" by Chris Brown that much. I do, however, see a R&B singer making this a #1. BSB could make this a #1 if the stations would give it a chance. Very good song.        4. All Of Your Life (You Need Love): This is not a favorite. I wish this would have been replaced by Hologram, which didnt make the cut for some reason.        5. If I Knew Then: I LOVE LOVE this song! AJ does a great job with lead vocals. I see this being a hit! This should be the 2nd single! One of my favorites!       6. This Is Us: A lot of people didnt like this song, but I love it. It is one of those songs that grows on you the more you listen to it. It is one of my favorites. I see this being a hit.           7. PDA: This is a fun song to listen to. It reminds me of something like, \\"If You Want it To Be Good Girl (Get Yourself a Bad Boy)\\" from their debut cd! People seem to forget that it was fun songs like this that madethem stars!       8. Masquerade: I LOVE this one! Has a great catchy beat. I see this being a hit! One of my favorites.          9. She's A Dream: I am surprised that this was the only one produced by T-Pain. I am not crazy about this song. I find it a but funny to hear them say \\"shawty.\\" Still good, but not the best.     10. Shattered: This is the only actual ballad. Their vocals are amazing! The harmonies are wonderful, especially since they only have 4 part harmony now!        11. Undone: This is one of my bottom 2 songs on the album. I think this should have been replaced by one of the songs that didnt make the cut.    So, all in all... GREAT album! If people that were not fans before would listen and give them a chance, they would end up loving it.
B00003CXBK|4.0|Those who are into anime will love this. It comes with a nice animation, a lovely story, and lesson for us all.
B00204AA0O|4.0|This CD was a pleasant surprise. Good songs, and good music execution. The musicians, including the piano are there to showcase the material and fine voice without ever being obtrusive. Good lyrics too. Spektor is here to stay.
B001GCUO16|4.0|I have to say i'm not a huge x-men fan. So i really dont know much about the characters or the series itself. I'm more of a DC comics fan. Anyway, i've seen all the previous x-men films and usually while watching them i got rather bored because there wer just too many characters and too much storyline for me to follow(however i did watch them years and years ago, i may give them another shot though).<br />Anyway, i really liked the entire cast. I love Hugh Jackman, Ryan Reynolds, Liev and i def coulda used soem more Taylor Kitsch. I just liked the storyline, the beginning was great. What a great opportunity to see where Wolverine came from. I like taht Wolverine has a story and has emotion, however i'm at a loss cos i always kinda saw wolverine as a torn character between good and evil kinda. but he seems to kinda not be as violent as i'd imagined.<br />well at any rate, 4 stars for me. i will def watch this one again
0316113506|5.0|This is an excellent book, interesting science, which should motivate everyone to EXERCISE consistently. At times the science was a bit too detailed, but it's good for the brain to challenge oneself and study it.
0385504225|5.0|This book was reviting from the first page to the last. Dan Brown Grabs your attention from the start and doesnt let go!
0882709194|5.0|Finally, a well written book that gives the person reading it the other side of Darwin's theory. I have been teaching Creation Classes at my local church and recommend this book to be given out to anyone in high school or college.    Ray Comfort does a wonderful job at listing the problems with Darwin's theory of evolution.  Clear examples exist that disprove the evolution theory and Comfort makes note of these.    Both sides of the arguement are presented here.  The Creationist argument and the Darwinian theory as ol' Chucky wrote it 150 years ago. I will be giving this book out to as many college students as I can.  People deserve to hear both sides and make up their own mind.
0425098478|5.0|Quite simply, this is the most useful management book I have read. Every page has a good idea, and every idea can be applied in the workplace. I use these techniques daily, and i assure you -- they work. Read this book if you currently run a business or aspire to.
0061719544|4.0|Although it was told in a more serious tone than I expected, it was a thoroughly entertaining and enlightening book. Craig's voice is evident throughout. If you like Craig Ferguson, you will like this book; if you don't know him very well, this is a great way to get to know him. As a regular viewer of his show, I did not find many revelations, but still a great insight into the man and what he has gone through to become who he is today. I recommend this book.
0790734850|5.0|This movie is a fascinating look into old Hollywood and yellow journalism.  Danny Devito was at his best, playing a tabloid journalist that was willing to \\"get the scoop\\" at all cost.  A classic!!!    Reviewed by Kardia Williams
1601251505|5.0|When I heard of Pathfinder RPG, I was mildly skeptical, especially in the light of 4e. This was no disappointment. The art is fantastic. The classes are a closer balance, and all have access to new and better capabilities. For instance, the rogue now has a better sneak attack damage in addition to more special class features that allow you to make each character unique. The best feature of the new system is undoubtedly that because of the slew of new class abilities you can make a character to fit your idea of the perfect hero easily. Also, if 575 pages of this isn't good enough for you, it's compatible with all of your old supplements (though they feel a little rusty when combined, and probably should be house-ruled to work better).<br /><br />All in all, this is probably the best book I've gotten for it's value out of all of the 3.5e onward supplements and core rulebooks I've seen. If you are interested in a new system, but don't like 4e, I definitely recommend getting this. And if you don't want to bite immediately, got to [...]. It's the system reference documents for Pathfinder, all Open Game Content so that you can review and use it before you buy it.
B000OVLBGC|5.0|Seldom nowadays can one find a film that is both poignant and powerful. This film is one of those rare treasures. It is simply a beautiful, haunting and moving film. The kind of cinema that leaves an imprint on the viewer. I highly recommend this gem.
0425166805|1.0|I read von Daniken when I was 10. His fanciful comments were bizarre and unconvincing then, and now they seem downright quaint.<br /><br />Don't get me wrong. I believe there is life out there. But I doubt that it is life that we could possibly come close to understanding, or even communicating with, no matter how sentient or advanced it is. It is unlikely that such species would give a damn about helping us progress.<br /><br />His basic (and ultimately idiotic) premise is that humanity is incapable of creating anything of any worth, and that our species can only achieve greatness with a leg-up from these \\"superior\\" alien species that visit our planet for charitable purposes.<br /><br />Doesn't really explain alien abductions, \\"[...] probes\\" and cattle mutilation, does it?<br /><br />Von Daniken's \\"scientific\\" proof is shallow and unspecific, and is based on supposition and conjecture, if not simple guesswork. When he presents an argument he doesn't argue his point so much as he posits a question in such a way that disagreement invites scorn of anyone who disagrees with him.<br /><br />He is a cheap carny snake-oil salesman of the worst kind, on a par with L. Ron Hubbard. He tells a good yarn that has about one percent truth to 99 percent bull-dust. And it is sucked up by the gullible.<br /><br />So, at the very most, this is a fair book for understanding from where Roland Emmerich and Dean Devlin got the initial idea for Stargate.<br /><br />At the very worst, it is a misleading and peurile tactic to extort money from susceptible and ignorant people for whom Atlantis existed and Scientology is a viable religion. Von Daniken is tapping into the basic xenophobic ignorance and unstable fears that were generated by post-war paranoia in the 1950s, and the self-hating illogicality that promotes such idiocy as original sin and the end of times.
6305327041|5.0|I've seen this movie before and couldn't find it in stores. I ordered it and got it within four days.
B002LVVCIK|5.0|Cut away the pro-union, pro-New Deal mushiness and Michael Moore's \\"Capitalism, A Love Story\\" has a vital core worth considering. Twenty years after \\"Roger and Me,\\" Moore shows he still has pop on his filmmaking fastball. At every point where I was ready to write off \\"Capitalism\\" as a fruitcake leftist screed, the writer/director/actor dug up a fresh angle I couldn't ignore. Unless you're on the board of Goldman Sachs, director of the George W. Bush Presidential Library, or both you'll likely conclude that \\"Capitalism, A Love Story\\" is a balanced movie.   The film is testament to Kevin Spacey's 2009 comment about the arts being a necessity during a time of economic crisis. Hundreds of newscasts don't register on the mind and soul the way Moore's art does in minutes.   Moore succeeds for the opposite reason that Tim Geithner fails up (fellow followers of the Mises/Austrian School see our exposition of the state and its purchased intellectuals affirmed by Moore in his take on Obama's Treasury secretary). Moore refuses to tell us what we want to hear or see. His brand of social criticism reminds me of one of Hillel's dictums in Judaism's Ethics of the Fathers (2:6) - \\"...A person excessively involved in business cannot become a scholar and where there are no leaders strive to become a leader.\\"   The artist is trying to put his finger on a big problem. While the moral poverty of the wealthy is a major issue it's far from the whole story. Moore's viewpoint is a blue-collar critic animated by Roman Catholic sentiment. After slogging through the beastly jungle to give us a new vantage point, the filmmaker ends his production with an appeal. This made me think that Moore wants \\"Capitalism, A Love Story\\" to fire people up and get them talking. If so, kudos to Moore.   Yet anecdotes and a rich-vs.-poor mindset will take us only so far. These things are emotionally compelling yet they can mislead. For example, Moore opines that one of the main reasons that Americans suffer the inequities of capitalism is because most want some day to be in that top 1 percent income bracket. This is a thought I've long harbored and I'm glad an artist of Moore's stature has put it out for public reflection. But this is far from a sufficient explanation and the film points toward that. When the Countrywide mortgage executive says \\"If I didn't do it someone else would have\\" we glimpse something of the enormity - people aren't just morally lax; they desire to keep their jobs because of fears of letting their families down and losing the wealth that they have. This is not lost on Moore because elsewhere in the movie, in commenting on the 2008 pre-election bank bailout, he well surmises the power of fear.   Moore's shorthand in labeling economic and social injustice \\"capitalism\\" is likewise too simplistic. To call people losing their homes to foreclosure \\"capitalism\\" is like calling the mass murders under Hitler, Mao, and Stalin \\"socialism.\\" The terminology is imprecise. These situations are social crises.   The filmmaker is right to see that business has gotten too big and impersonal. Although he's somewhat critical of government, Moore implies that big government (through more regulations and FDR-style proclamations of additional rights) will arrest the march of crony capitalism. His interviews with Roman Catholic clerics imply that big church might stop the raging bull of Wall Street. Funny that Moore begins his film comparing ancient Rome to modern America and leaves us with the impression that the form of Christianity bequeathed to us by the old empire is going to stop the slide of the United States. I'd like to say stranger things have happened but I can't think of anything stranger than this prospect.   Moore will come much closer to the truth by reviewing his movie and realizing that bigness is inherently corrupting. America's Protestant culture and heritage must also be taken proper account of. What will right America is a block-by-block revolution inthinking and action that prizes communal mindedness (to use a term from a teacher of mine, Rabbi Mayer Schiller), humility, and brims with an ethos of \\"small is beautiful.\\" May this come soon in our days. If and when it does Michael Moore's \\"Capitalism, A Love Story\\" will be regarded as an important road sign on our journey there.
0743297334|5.0|This is an excellent read.  Hemingway writes using such vivid details that you will feel as if you are a character as well. It is also an inside view on the life of young American ex-patriots living abroad during the 1920's.    Reviewed by Kardia Williams
0385504225|3.0|Well, we all knew it - The Davinci Code would be almost impossible to surpass. While Brown's follow up story is interesting and informative, I suddenly realized that Langdon is boring. Boring, boring, boring. He spouts informative tidbits throughout the book but seems a little, oh I don't know, souless. I guess the only reason I finished the book was because I was REALLY wanting the other shoe to drop and thoroughly surprise me. Ho Hum!
B002HNA95E|4.0|All & all this is a great collection of the Madonna's hits, but it really should have been a 3 cd set pack, there are so many other hits that got left out(American Life,Drowned World/Substitute For Love, Hanky Panky, to name a few)but this is good enough for now, you got the pop jamz, the ballad hits, & the classic dance floor hits
0316154687|5.0|I love this author.  A Sedaris book is a guarantee that I'm going to be laughing out loud.  This one does not fail.
B001L51RQE|5.0|This came much earlier than was expected and hasn't stopped playing in our house since! My husband was thrilled with this birthday gift!
B001TKMAGW|5.0|If you are starting to get into heavy metal, this is were to start. If Black Sabbath wasn't the first heavy metal group then they had to be in the top two.
B001P3SA94|2.0|The people behind \\"Cadillac Records\\" had a great idea - a film about the founding and growth of Chess records is fertile ground indeed.  The home of some of the greatest music ever made, most of which was made at a fascinating time in American history by a series of African-American musicians who had escaped the South while working for the son of Polish Jews....    There's a lot of material here.  Unfortunately, the film tries to jam all of it in.  The first half of the movie is carried along by the music (some of which is horribly lip synched by the way), but when the tone of \\"Cadillac Records\\" changes, the melodrama piles up in a way that is utterly unconvincing.    It would have been far better for the film makers to focus on one of Chess' stars and their relationship with BOTH Chess brothers.  Instead, we get a series of cliched and entirely predictable scenes involving historical figures.  Look - there's Muddy Waters giving Little Walter his first taste of whiskey (shades of \\"The Dewey Cox Story\\").  Look, there's Howlin' Wolf in his battered pick up truck.  Oh dear, Chuck Berry's music just integrated a concert by getting those white and black kids to dance together.    And don't even get me started on the overwrought scenes with Beyonce as Etta James.    By trying to cram everything in the movie, the film makers drained all of the emotion from the story.  By the time Little Walter dies in Muddy Waters' wife's arms, I was tempted to turn away.  But the music was so good, I figured I'd stick it out to the end of the movie.    Sadly, \\"Cadillac Records\\" piles up so many cliches that it ultimately becomes meaningless.
0882709194|1.0|The introduction to this book was not only terrible, but was disgustingly misleading and factious.  I would not recommend purchasing this drivel.  Please consider purchasing that actual and untarnished Origin of Species.  I seriously can't even believe that this happened.  This makes me sick.
0887307280|5.0|This is the second time I read this book. I re-read it as part of a business book club I am part of and it was well worth reading a second time. The first time through, I was impressed with the idea of systematizing the business.    The second time through, I noticed that the entire book is based on the premise that the entrepreneur has a passion and belief or value system on which they are basing the company. Mr. Gerber downplays this idea, just referring to it sporadically through out the book, and yet I now realize that these values are what makes the systematization come alive. Without these values, the system is simply a set of rules.    Karen L. Jett, CMA - Author Grow Your People, Grow Your Business
B000NOQDOA|4.0|I have been searching for a behind the seat DVD holder for quite some time.  Most holders in the market are flimsy or is design in a way that has the DVD player folded in an L shape position.  I bought this product because the design looks great and it holds my Sony portable DVD player in a flat vertical position; freeing up more space between my daughter and the DVD player.  The installation was easy and the holder is sturdy.  One thing I did not like about this product is,for the price I am paying, they should have made the clip arms out of aluminum not plastic. The left and right clips are pretty loose after taking the DVD player in and out.
B0001GMIOE|5.0|There will be many that will dissagree with me; but I   bought an after market battery for one of my cameras   \\"ONCE\\"!. It didn't even last a year! For me personally   I'll stay with the Canon batteries. I know they work,   they last for years and they don't give me any problems.  I know there are probably some great after market batteries,  I just prefer to stay with Canons,  Just my opinion....    Winsor.....
0230013880|5.0|Love this book! My son is almost 3 and I've been reading it to him since he was a baby. He loves the rhyming and the pictures. He now points out the parrot, the turtle, dolphin, grizzly, bald eagle, speed boats, seagull, lighthouse, volcano, monkey, lightning - you get the idea. I had no idea what to read to an infant as a new mom and I loved this to give me some sort of a story to tell. I'm not a huge fan of those baby books - ball, sun, doll, etc. Sometimes it's a quick flip-through and other times, he wants to hear all the details. We also love the Gruffalo by same author and illustrator.
1906694184|5.0|I was spellbound by this book as I was the first.  Mr. Larson has created wonderfully complex characters and plots that are intricate but make sense in the conclusion.  He addressed issues that are or were near and dear to his heart in a graphic way.  I hope that his family is able to develop a fund that will continue his work and address<br />the issues of sex slaves and the abuse of women in Sweden. (Not that Sweden is alone in these crimes)<br /> I am sorry that the author died so young and hasn't gotten to enjoy the fruits of his writing.<br />and I am ready to order the third in June 2011!
0882709194|1.0|This \\"version\\" is not the exact original that Darwin wrote, which does get 5-stars from me. It's a wonderful book but this one is not it. Why? Because it comes with a 50-page creationist drivel by a so-called \\"expert\\", Mr. Comfort, who does not know the first thing about science or evolution. Yes, the same guy that did a video trying to prove god's existence with a banana. Don't be fooled.<br /><br />[...]
B001AQTWF2|3.0|I am a huge fan of Whitney's but I was extremely disappointed in her new CD.  Her voice although OK is very flat and mediocre.  There's none of the vocal range that she previously had. Not to say that her vocal range won't ever come back as her voice gets stronger but it's definitely missing on this CD. I didn't expect her voice to be the same based on everything she's gone through as well as getting older, but I did expect it to be a lot better than it is. I've listened to this CD several times now and truthfully I keep wondering what everyone was raving about. I saw Whitney on Oprah who raved about it, read the reviews here, and most raved about it, read the reviews in magazines and they raved about it, but it's definitely nothing to rave about. Most CD's grow on a person the more they hear it but that hasn't happened in this case. So yes she's back but why? I would suggest anyone looking to purchase this CD to listen to the samples first and then decide as you may want to pass on this one and wait for the next one she releases!
0743289692|5.0|Infidel is a well written page turning autobiography.  It gives the reader a true glance into different political systems and religions and shows their effects on women.  This is the best book I have read in many years.  I highly recommend it.
B001QOOCTE|5.0|We have found the music intoxicating, inspiring, and you just cant sit still, ask our grandsons 4 & 2.
0553381687|5.0|This is the best book I've read in a long while.  At 800 pages in paperback, it's not a short, light read, but I can't wait to sink my teeth into the rest of the series.<br /><br />After a slow start, where the reader must try to digest some basics of the vocabulary, setting, and cast without a lot of help, the intrigue kicks in with full force (I remember thinking page 64 in the paperback was where it went from ho-hum to WOW!)<br /><br />Martin's fantasy world is highly recognizable - host to intrique, espionage, politics, hidden romance and overt betrayal.  Even the noblest characters have clear failings, and even the darkest show occasional restraint.  While there are some clear villians, and a few recognizable \\"good guys,\\" the majority of the characters live somewhere in between, at any moment drawing your sympathy and then, pages later, throwing it back in your face.<br /><br />Martin's prose is generous but never excessive.  The pages are devoted to plot and character development with minimal descriptions of the surroundings, yet his story telling is so accomplished that the reader completely understands the lay of the land and why certain geographic points are so critical by the end of the story.<br /><br />The other big positive I see is the very minor role, at least in this installment, of anything supernatural, although it does exist.  There are tales of dragons and wizards, but they are historical, and the stuff of legend.  Only a few characters get to experience the hidden world within their world first hand, and at this point in the saga, it doesn't sway the story dramatically.  More to come, I assume...<br /><br />As someone who has made some poor reading choices lately, I'm thrilled to know my next several decisions have just been made simple - I am champing at the bit to continue this series!
B002LLDTA4|5.0|I have been listening to Leonard Cohen since 1967's Songs of Leonard Cohen. I have nine of his CDs on my shelf and 60 songs on iTunes plus 58 covers, which range from beautiful (e.g. Famous Blue Raincoat by Jennifer Warnes, an early backup singer) to wacky. It has been a common opinion through the years that Cohen does not have a good singing voice, hence the need for others to cover his songs. To which I reply: au contraire. Did Bob Dylan have a great voice? Well, no. But he was a great poet, songwriter, and singer. So is Cohen. It's true that his singing is sometimes off key, as was that of his compatriot Neil Young, but we forgive him for it.<br />Cohen never had the financial success of Dylan, but he is selling out concerts today at the age of 74.  His recent DVD Live in London is a revelation. I have always avoided the concerts by has-been singers in their seventies that appear on PBS along with annoying sales pitches to buy the DVD for only $5 a month. But Live in London is different. He is like a wine that improves with age. He is deep.<br />This DVD from the Isle of Wight in 1970 gives a rare view of a young Cohen who had the power to inspire, heal and calm a large crowd that was out of control. You can see it in their faces.
B00003CXI1|5.0|The dvd was brand new and fast on the shipping! It made my niece very happy! Thank you!
0375434526|3.0|The premise of the Lost Symbol starts sounding very familiar.  It's almost formulaic. The evil character, the frantic race to find some hidden object. It's all Dan Brown's style.  It is a page turner with lots of factoids thrown in that kept me going to google to check out. Hopefully it will do for Washington D.C. what the Da Vinci Code did for Paris, and Angels and  Deamons did for Rome.  It was a fun read up to the last portion that read like a dreary epilogue that was simplistic and preachy.  I would have been happy to have dropped that portion altogether.
B002OOG6RQ|2.0|Having been a huge Rammstein follower for over 10 years I must conclude that \\"Liebe Ist fur Alle Da\\" is by far their weakest attempt. Maybe I'm just getting old, but when I really like a band I have really high expectations from them and this new CD just does not cut it for me. It doesn't really provide the listener with anything new and just doesn't come close to their previous recordings. When you put on \\"Mutter\\" or \\"Reise, Reise\\" or \\"Sehnsucht\\" ALL the songs from 1-11 were amazing, not to mention the singles that emerged around those albums as well. \\"Rosenrot\\" provided the band with a new direction that had more structural songs, maybe not as commercial but nonetheless a wonderful serious album. And here we have the first single being \\"Pussy\\" showing you just how the band has matured over the last few years. Sometimes I think that video is worse than some of the crap that is played on MTV these days. I mean, I know they love being controversial and all but I mean who wants to watch a bunch of 40 year old men ****. Till is like 50 anyways. Anyways I just wanted to say that I was greatly disppointed, still love those guys, but Richard needs to stop daydreaming about New York and Emigrate and focus more on Rammstein.   I don't care if you hate this but I'm adding my own reviews of songs, so here we go and learn to love it:     1. Rammleid - I personally don't like this song as an opener and it sounds like it would belong with Herzeleid. They could've made this song so much better (like the opening of the song which is catchy when you first hear Till) but instead they just have lame 'RAMM-STEIN! RAMM-STEIN!' Yelling over and over again in the chorus. 2/5     2. Ich Tu Dir Weh - By far the best song on the album, good intro, rockin' riffs, out-of-tune guitars, interesting voice from Till, and a good catchy chorus. What Rammstein is about. 5/5     3. Waidmanns Heil - It all goes downhill from here. This song is fast, and tries to be too much like \\"Feuer Frei!\\" only worse! Another lame chorus. 3/5     4. Haifisch - Just an average song, once again there are clever sounding verses but the chorus is quite lame and unoriginal. Did they write this in 15 min? 2/5     5. B******** - Whatever the name of this one is, it has a dark sound to it wishing it would be as dark and heavy as \\"Mein Teil\\" but stands far behind. Another chorus where Till is ranting and yelling aimlessly without any memorable melody. 3/5     6. Fruhling In Paris - A nice and sweet song at the beginning that eventually picks up. Sounds much like the \\"Rosenrot\\" sessions, an ok song, but once again a forced chorus from Till & Company. 3/5     7. Wiener Blut - Much hype for this song, as it turns out its just a rollercoaster ride where it gets loud and soft, they have much room for some melody but Till decides to yell and scream again, and not provide any catching hooks. Yeah flush this song down. 2/5     8. Pussy - Good old pussy, at least its a good laugh and stands out from some of this other crap on the album. 4/5     9. Liebe Ist fur Alle Da - This song is fairly upbeat with some wicked drumming, but not even good drums can save a song. Its just an OK song that will be soon forgotten. 3/5     10. Mehr - What is this crap? Is Till drunk? By far the worst, most forceful Rammstein song that I have EVER heard! Can't really blame them, their song #10s are usually the weakest on the albums (Except for \\"Ohne Dich\\") but this is just ..blahhh.. 1/5     11. Rotor Sand - A calm and slow song, I must say that its not a bad song upon many listenings and I enjoy the whistling. Good for the boys! 4/5     So all in all there are like 3 or 4 songs that I like from the new album. Agree or disagree, I know that most of you don't agree considering a lot of critics love this album for some reason but for me it just doesn't cut it, I'm not gonna like any crap that is thrown at me, they really needed to put more effort into these songs, espcially the choruses.
0316069906|5.0|I'm a meat and potatoes guy all the way and wouldn't normally buy a book about factory farming but I'm a Jonathan Safran Foer fan.  And I'm happy to report that his latest work doesn't disappoint.  In fact, EATING ANIMALS lives up to the definition of great art-it changed the way I view the world.  Now that I know what really happens inside a slaughter house I can no longer blithely choose taste over cruelty.
B001GCUNW6|5.0|Wow, I saw this at the theatre 3 times.  It was certainly the best one of the entire ice age series and and so much humor adults could appreciate.  And there is so much in it for the kids to.  It is also great for adopted or blended families as they talk about their blended family (blended across species), and what really makes a family.  Graphics were astonishing, especially in 3D--although also great in non 3 D.  This is a perfect movie for blu ray (of course, they all look better on blue ray, but i can imagine that this will really pop on blue ray compared to some other movies.    With this package it is good to note that you get a DVD, Blue Ray, and a Digital copy.....you can't beat that!
0810983915|5.0|I ordered this book for my son and he said that this book is hilarious! I have tried reading it myself and now I know why he loves wimpy kid books so much!
B0006AP1F8|5.0|There are four or five currently popular English translations of Mein Kampf. I'll say a few words about the translations. Then I'll say a few things about the book.<br /><br />This translation, The Reynal & Hitchcock is my personal favorite. It was translated by a scholarly committee and is taken directly from the German. I consider it closest to the original and many people agree. There are, however, others who prefer the Murphy translation and yet others who claim the Manheim is superior.<br /><br />The Reynal & Hitchcock has no negative comments about Hitler. Nor does it appear to endorse his words. On the other hand, the Manheim has a definite bias. I feel that the Reynal & Hitchcock is the most fair and true to the actual words of Hitler.<br /><br />This book is a difficult read because the Germans don't seem to know what a period is. The sentences go on and on with only a comma now and then. But in the Reynal & Hitchcock you'll find unfamiliar words explained. The notes and annotations are absolutely wonderful.<br /><br />I own the 1939 edition and love it. One other thing I'll say is this: The name of Henry Ford was taken out of Manheim. I'm not sure if it's in Murphy or not. But it is in Reynal & Hitchcock.<br /><br />Now a few words about Mein Kampf -- the book. I assume if you're reading this review you already know about Mein Kampf and have perhaps read it or read part of it. But if not, perhaps a few words are in order.<br /><br />Mein Kampf is an interesting look into the mind of Hitler and it is interesting how we can see some of the same characteristics running in numerous people in office today. If we don't know history, we're apt to repeat it.<br /><br />Indeed, Hitler might even have won a Nobel Peace Prize based on his promises and the excitement he created in people before they really got to know him had the prize been given in those days! Certainly such greats as JFK and Churchill gave him glowing compliments.<br /><br />Why did people follow Hitler? Knowing what we do now, it's easy to think the German people were stupid. The truth is the country had suffered a severe punishing war and hyperinflation -- money was worthless. They needed a real leader.<br /><br />Hitler promised everyone everything. He was just the \\"right\\" person for that particular time. If times had been different, he would not have risen to power in all likelihood.<br /><br />I find Hitler part genius, part psychopath.<br /><br />The book -- no matter what translation -- is a must-read. It's a classic. It's a book that gives you insight into one of the most important minds of the 20th Century and in all of history.<br /><br />Why should you read any translation of Mein Kampf? Sun Tzu said you must know your enemy. We read about those we regard as dangerous, or wrong or criminal in order to avoid that type of individual ever encroaching into power again. We also read to understand that person in relationship to the times in which he lived.<br /><br />Just as Hitler knew his dreaded enemy, the Communist Party and Karl Marx, we should know Hitler, the Fascist dictator. Hitler didn't take on an issue or an enemy without knowing it inside-out. In that regard, he was brilliant. He knew what he was fighting. He knew the enemy.<br /><br />I highly recommend this translation and the book. If you want a totally Americanized translation, consider [[ASIN:0977476073 Mein Kampf (The Ford Translation)]] and for a delightful read that will tell you all about the life of Hitler in a most colorful way, read [[ASIN:0385420536 Adolf Hitler: The Definitive Biography]] by the prize winning author, John Toland.<br /><br />- Susanna K. Hutchesonle were stupid. The truth is the country had suffered a severe punishing war and hyperinflation -- money was worthless. They needed a real leader.    Hitler promised everyone everything. He was just the \\"right\\" person for that particular time. If times had been different, he would not have risen to power in all likelihood.    I find Hitler part genius, part psychopath.    The book -- no matter what translation -- is a must-read. It's a classic. It's a book that gives you insight into one of the most important minds of the 20th Century and in all of history.    Why should you read any translation of Mein Kampf? Sun Tzu said you must know your enemy. We read about those we regard as dangerous, or wrong or criminal in order to avoid that type of individual ever encroaching into power again. We also read to understand that person in relationship to the times in which he lived.    Just as Hitler knew his dreaded enemy, the Communist Party and Karl Marx, we should know Hitler, the Fascist dictator. Hitler didn't take on an issue or an enemy without knowing it inside-out. In that regard, he was brilliant. He knew what he was fighting. He knew the enemy.    I highly recommend this translation and the book. If you want a totally Americanized translation, consider [[ASIN:0977476073 Mein Kampf (The Ford Translation)]] and for a delightful read that will tell you all about the life of Hitler in a most colorful way, read [[ASIN:0385420536 Adolf Hitler: The Definitive Biography]] by the prize winning author, John Toland.    - Susanna K. Hutcheson
0882709194|1.0|Beware this \\"Edition!\\"  \\"Young-Earth-Creationist\\" Ray Comfort is the nutcake who thinks the way to spread the love of Jesus is to yell at people on the street and scare them with the threat of eternal damnation while his camera records it all. Just think where Christianity would be today if only Jesus had been smart enough to use Comfort's tactics. Comfort's knowledge of \\"Evil-ution\\" (his pronunciation - not mine) would fit on the head of a pin and still leave plenty of room for his buddy, Kirk Cameron's \\"talent.\\"
0882709194|1.0|Tear out the first 50 pages(Ray Comfort) and then give it to you local library.
0307454541|4.0|I haven't finished the book yet.  It was a little slow to start; and a little complicated trying to figure out the characters but now the pages are flying by.  I find myself wanting to go farther into the book, even when I don't have the time to commit.
0634022296|5.0|Anytime I get a songbook with what they call \\"perfect binding,\\" i. e. a stiff spine, I just take it to a copy center, and they will slice the spine off, and spiral bind it for about three dollars. Or, they will punch it if you want it in a notebook. Or, you can slice the spine off and put it in clear page protectors, and put those in a notebook.    You're welcome.
0756405890|2.0|Don't buy this book. At least not until the rest of the series is complete. Although its a nice story and well written with vivid language and a realistic world view, it just ends on page 722. The author took 9 years to get a college bachelors degree (most people take 4). This book came out over 2 years ago. And by his own admission on his website, he's still rewriting the second book (The Wise Man's Fear) and refuses to promise when it will be out. Just wait a few years. Then, unlike me, you might get the opportunity to read the entire saga without waiting. I *hope* its as good as the beginning. I hope a lot of things, including for world peace.    I was suckered in by the fact that the paperback says \\"Winner of the Quill Award.\\" So if your starving for good writing up until the end ... Buy this book. Because as writing prose it did deserve the Quill Award. But as a book -- NOT.    At least the Harry Potter series and the Tolkien series reached a conclusion at the end of each book. Not here. This is a soap opera book if I've ever read one.
1881273156|5.0|Every married couple or couple looking to get married should read this book, it would save you a lot of heart ache. You don't hear about things from this book from your friends family or television. Please get it...
0385504225|5.0|Page after page like the other two books keeps you coming back for more and it is hard to put down.  I just wish it could be a little less gruesome....but still excellent.
B002NYB712|5.0|This is my first album review posting.  Since the dawn of the internet era, I've resisted the temptation to review any album.  However, THE INCIDENT has motivated me to get off the schneid.    I've been a huge PT fan since STUPID DREAM.  They've only improved since then, and their latest release continues that trend.    I saw PT live for the first time in Baltimore last month.  They started the show by playing THE INCIDENT in entirety, and it rocked!!!!!  Everyone says it's a hard first listen (like most prog).  I saw them play the new album after hearing it maybe seven times and I loved it.  SW plays and sings with reckless emotion.  GH kicks much [...].  CE and RB are their typical incredible selves.    There are NO bad tracks here.  Trust me.  Buy it!!  The second CD is just as good.  I would have loved to have seen REMEMBER ME LOVER live.  All four tracks on CD 2 rock!!    This will long be remembered as one of PT's highest accomplishments.
0439023483|5.0|This book mixes the themes of science fiction, action, adventure, fantasy, and horror.  The Hunger Games are an annual event created by the Capitol of Panem, a place which used to be the United States.  They are a reminder to each of the twelve Districts who is in charge of the world.  For the games, one boy and one girl are chosen from each district to be put into an arena and fight to the death, all for the entertainment of the Capitol.  Katniss Everdeen volunteers to be the girl \\"tribute\\" from district twelve in the place of her younger sister; the boy tribute is Peeta Mellark, the son of the town baker.  Katniss truly believes she will die in the Games, but is it luck that she always manages to live through each day in the arena? Or does the Capitol have a good reason to keep her alive?    This book is completely captivating.  There are always surprises that keep you turning the page.  My piece of advice about reading this book is NEVER read it unless you have hours of free time, because once you start, it is nearly impossible to stop.  I would recommend this book for the most for high school students, but adults and middle schoolers might also enjoy this book.  The Hunger Games has well deserved much praise from the New York Times, USA Today, Entertainment Weekly and others.  It's story is one of danger, love, and keeping true to yourself, even if you are at the mercy of power so big and dangerous that you can never back down once you are the center of their attention.
B002MW50KY|5.0|I used to listen to Christmas music when I was a kid. I haven't intentionally listened to any for years. I bought this CD because Dylan put it out, and I never miss a new Dylan CD. I have learned to not have expectations of Dylan, in concert or on disc. I also have learned not to judge his recorded stuff on first play. Most of his great music pushed against my ear on the first play, but after a few listens, captured me. He does have the \\"blood of the land in his voice\\" which positioned against the almost too sweet sounds of typical Christmas music, is interesting and sets it apart from elevater music. Most Christmas Music makes me think of shopping or Christmas at it's commercial worst. Dylan's music always hits me at some deeper level. That \\"raspy voice\\" as others describe it, got me \\"in the spirit\\", and reintroduced me to some long forgotten memories and feelings about the season. He has made this effort traditional, and yet lyrically and musically has made it his own. The fact that this was a selfless labor of humanity only adds to it's authenticity. I love it, but not as much as I will grow to love it, I'm sure. Thank you Mr. Dylan. You continue to offer something for which to look forward, in this \\"too rediculous to live\\"(Melecamp)existance. I'm going to play your Christmas Music and take your' lead. Let's pass on some peace and joy, and share our blessings with those who are hungry (and in Minnesota \\"cold\\") this Christmas. But for the grace.........
B002C6K7NA|4.0|I am not a major Lynyrd Skynyrd fan although I do enjoy some of their music.  There are several songs on this collection that I enjoy---\\"This Ain't My America\\",  \\"Unwrite This Song\\",  \\"Raining in My Heartland\\", etc. that are very listenable.  Others, especially \\"Floyd\\" just make my skin crawl.  Lyrically there are some strong songs (like those above) with meaningful lyrics, but there are a few songs that IMHO could have been left off the album.<br /><br />The \\"live\\" versions of \\"Sweet Home Alabama\\" and \\"Red, White, and Blue\\" off the extended package are enjoyable as well.
1881273873|5.0|I completely found myself intrigued in learning to speak the primary love languages of my friends, family, co-workers, and acquaintances. I discovered after reading this book that we can all speak the five love languages. However, if we fail to speak an individual's primary love language he or she might feel unloved because their emotional love tank is empty. This was a great revelation for me. I have made it my aim to focus on what the people around me say, repeatedly say, or do in order to discover their primary love language. I am eager to improve my friendships and relationships by forming stronger bonds and communicating effectively and sincerely. This book is a tool that teaches all of us how to walk in Jesus' agape love by serving others in love whether it is in: quality time, words of appreciation, physical touch, acts of service, or gifts. I have come to realize that learning a new love language particularly one that I do not often speak in (which in my case is acts of service) is going to take time and effort for me to seamlessly communicate love to those individuals whose primary love language is acts of service. But with God's grace everything is possible. I recommend reading this book in order to start living out a love revolution around those who are nearest to you and to reach out to strangers and make new friends. This information will completely transform all your relationships and friendships. May you all be blessed!!
B001TH7GT6|4.0|These 6 foot RCA cables are of good quality construction and provide for better connections and picture/audio quality than just using cheap cables to connect your video/audio components. The only, and very minor, complaint I have about the cables is that instead of using the traditional Red/White (audio) and Yellow (video) connection colors, they use Red/Green/Blue as their cable color coding.
B002GZQYMK|5.0|While this album may not be \\"radio friendly\\", I believe it is Muse's best OVERALL effort yet. Are there better individual songs on other albums? Sure. But to me, there are no weak points on this release. At times ethereal, at times driving rock, at times reflective, and at times beseeching. It is a tribute to Muse that you can hear other bands in this music, some that I pick up are: Pink Floyd, U2, Depeche Mode, World Party, Korn, Queen, Radiohead, ELO and others. After 5 or 6 listenings through, you'll have melodies from the different songs hit you on different days, dancing around your head as you go bout your day, including some of the great Piano parts. To me Exogenesis is a beautiful 3 part piece, but I consider it and always play it as one song. How many other lead guitarists are writing string arrangements and playing classical piano on their albums, but can still rock it like Matthew Bellamy? Not many if any. I listen to Exogenesis as a stress relief after a long day, or as a way to calm myself before something mentally tough. While I realize Resistance might not be for everyone, I truly can't Resist it. 5 stars.
1594489505|3.0|I listened to the audiobook during my commute to and from work.  It didn't really get my juices going to do work, more like reflect on how life is pretty nasty, especially for women, in some parts of the world.  The problem is that I was able to predict virtually everything that happened to the protagonists, from Miriam being married off to an outwardly upstanding but privately viciously cruel man, to her miscarriages, to Laila becoming pregnant first time out of the gate, and her parents getting killed, and her short-sighted decision to marry Rashid.  Even Tariq's return seemed anticlimactic.  I won't say I'm sorry I listened to it - if I were I would not have finished it.  It was okay, not wonderful, not horrible, just okay.
B002B55XHC|5.0|This is a great memoir of Ben Rich's years at Skunk Works.  I would give it the highest recommendation.  I read in the book in a few days time and then loaned it to another guy at work who was going to serve jury duty.  He finished the book in 2 days time.  I would highly recommend this book to anyone who has in interest in the SR-71, the stealth fighter, or how Skunk Works operated during America's aerospace hayday.
B002AWJEU8|5.0|At last, at last! This is the Steve Vai DVD I have been waiting for. A FULL performance...and a GREAT performance...documented with clean production and just the right amount of video spice.<br /><br />Steve Vai edited this video himself, and it's clear that he learned from his missteps on the \\"Live at the London Astoria\\" video. THIS time, the camera angles show the action with energy but without undue frenetics. The cuts are well paced. The special effects are slipped in tastefully and in a ways that add to the experience and the fun.<br /><br />Best of all, the performance is nothing short of AWESOME - everything you'd expect and more. The new band format is fresh and dynamic. Alex DePue and Ann Marie Calhoun bring solid rock and delicate classical sensibilities to their violin parts...and Ann Marie practically steals the show with her first statement of the melody in \\"For The Love Of God.\\" Beautiful.<br /><br />It's always great fun to see Steve's unique musical and theatrical vision come to life. This DVD finally gives that vision the entertaining, challenging and exciting showcase it deserves. Well done!
0385737947|5.0|Imagine that you wake up in a dark, moving box with your memories erased. And then imagine that you emerge from the box into a monster-filled maze populated by boys who arrived there the same way you did. Of course, there must be a way out, and you're determined to find it. Only ... the maze seems to change every day.<br /><br />I found this book to be sort of like Lord of the Flies meets Battle Royale, but it's perhaps a little tamer than either of those stories. The book is quite an action-packed page-turner and keeps your interest until the end. I can see it becoming popular with teenage boys (and girls, too). But it's still interesting enough to keep an adult entertained as well. It might make an interesting movie.
B000GIXEIG|5.0|Great Movie!  This rendition is 10 times the Hollywood Robert Zemeckis Beowulf, which I found to be Hollywood superhero-conquers, video game fake (my apologies to Ray Winsome, who I love).  Even Gerard Butler commented about this quality, in his accompanying interview.  Beowulf and Grendel is closely in touch with humanity, human history and shared ancestry.  Myth and ancestry are tales passed down, about real people, and their trials and experiences - experiences we can touch and connect with - something we can take home. Beowulf and Grendel is an outstanding film!  I'm on my way to purchasing it.
B000OPPBEQ|5.0|I read sooooooo many reviews on this before I bought it.  My GOD, why so technical?  I read about pixilation, speaker placement, how one scene looked better during 1:23.4 thru 1:24.7, blah, blah, blah.  All I wanted to know was: DOES IT LOOK MUCH BETTER THAN THE STANDARD DVD?  I had to REALLY dig to find that and when I did, I had to have the description deciphered.  For those of you that just want to know if it's worth the money, here you go:  YES, IT MOST CERTAINLY IS!!      1.  Is the picture much better?  If you have a good viewing source and good components, yes.  Having said that, it's not the difference between color and B/W, but it IS better.    2.  How about the sound?  YES!  The sound is MUCH better.  You'll notice it during the credits if you have SOME semblance of a HT system.  If you have a $150 flea market special with speakers the size of a deck of cards and a sub the size of a softball.........probably not.    It was worth every penny even at retail.  I paid far less for a copy that didn't look like it had been played.
B002MW50KO|5.0|The last thing I would ever expect from Bob Dylan would be a collection of classic Christmas tunes.  He never ceases to surprise. The voice ain't as bad as some here might lead you to believe, the arrangements are incredible and I'm happy to have yet another Dylan album in my collection.  I wish some of these reviewers would lighten up.  You don't like the listening samples, don't buy it.  You don't like where his voice is at, don't buy it.  But to come here and pontificate says more about you than the album.  Great job, Bob!!
B0029RQE84|3.0|I buy most every cd from Mark Knopfler.  The last he did with Emmylou (Roadrunning - both the cd and live dvd) was fantastic, shangra la, and Crimson was excellent too.  Get Lucky was highly anticipated especially seeing it packaged with a dvd.  The dvd was a real extra treat.  To see Mark walk thru the studio with his engineer describing the recording equipment was very interesting - a look inside the brains of legends.  The CD Get Lucky is standard fare for Knopfler, but leaves you wanting to hear more.  For me, I was wanting to hear more guitar solos.  This cd has a celtic feel to it and is mostly mid tempo - a little too plodding for me.  The cd cover with the vegas type of lights has you thinking it might be some up tempo music.  But this is more a brooding slow to mid tempo celtic vibe type of music.  Yes the remembrance song about the war victims was spine tingling - riviting music that may be worth the price of the cd.  But several songs had me listening closely to see if there was any guitar in them at all.  I just want to her more electric leads rather than acoustic.  I know, this is not dire straits, but I still was longing for more electricity from Get Lucky.   I refrained from reviewing this before I could give at least several complete listens.  Well, after a couple weeks and listening through at 6 times, I am just not enjoying this one as much as Shangra La, Crimson, and Roadrunning. Get Lucky makes those cds seem all the more special.  Mark may be going for the grammy with this one - because they usually honor the artist who has complete disregard for any popular sound - and one who strays from his past is usually looked at as a genious.  Yes, this cd compared with a lot of music released by todays musicians is very good.  But with Mark raising the bar with his recent releases, this one comes up a little short.  Bring back Emmylou for another round - and please, plug that guitar in and turn it up!
0385504225|5.0|I would have loved to have written a true review after reading Brown's latest novel.  Unfortunately, it was purchased as a gift for my son-in-law who loves his books as much as I.  Economy being what it is, I have to wait until he finishes reading it.  However, I called him to ensure it arrived [which it always does when ordering from Amazon.Com] and he still had the box on his lap as well as he'd already started reading it and found it intriguing right from the beginning..../d
B000UFLSBA|1.0|I ordered this DVD as a gift for my father, when I received the DVD it was in a foreign language. At no time during the process of ordering did it inform me of this. I had to pay for shipping to receive it, and pay to return it, which cost me $7.00. Needless to say I was very disappointed.
B002MW50KO|1.0|I'm glad I subscribe to a streaming service and didn't have to buy this. It is awful.  I have to admit, when I saw a Dylan Christmas album mentioned on a site, I thought it was a joke and laughed out loud - I envisioned a SNL sketch.  Sadly no.    First, before being accused, yes I am a Dylan fan having 20 or so albums. And I've much liked some more recent, dead voice, albums like Modern Times and Time Out of Mind.    That said, why would anyone want to hear Dylan croak through Xmas tunes?  He sings 3 vague notes: low croak, middle croak and high croak.  Any resemblance to pitch is entirely coincidental. I won't comment on individual songs, as I found them all pretty much unlistenable.  The one I will mention is \\"Must Be Santa\\" which I *think* was done jokingly: the arrangement sounds like a cross between a polka and a Jewish folk song.  Odd, but not good. Hearing Dylan's croak over fairly standard Christmasy arrangements is just incongruous - and jarring.  It's neither what you want to hear from him nor for Christmas music.    \\"The Christmas Album\\" is a jump the shark moment for most artists.  Bob has jumped before - think \\"Saved!\\" or \\"Self Portrait\\" - but has recovered to record some good stuff.  I'm wondering if this is it for him.    I'll give him kudos for the charity aspect, but I'd rather send the charity money than ever listen to this again.
B0002HZLWI|5.0|Bought it for my 3 year old son.  It is an excellent manufactured toy.  He is hooked on building now.
6305910340|3.0|With chess computers that can beat anybody with a database of all the best games<br />ever played and very deep look ahead ability, humans and chess seem a side issue.<br />Autistic children are a plague of the modern generation:<br />a mathematician who was trained from a very early age in proving and problem solving<br />gave up a fields medal.<br />Teaching you children to be hawks or lions doesn't make them<br />good monkeys as this movie points out.<br />But still it rewards the hawk over the lamb...<br />The ethics of bringing up a child just for one game<br />or one narrow hope in life is probably wrong.<br />Some people find themselves unable to bear losing<br />or admitting they can make mistakes;<br />that stops their learning process in a rut.<br />I liked the movie: it was well acted and well writen.
B000002MIY|5.0|I am very pleased with the CD that I received.  It is brand new and I am so glad that I could purchase and older CD  that is not as well known as some others.  I will continue to order from Amazon.com definitely!!  I have order DVD's in the past and have been very happy with  the product and the way it is shipped.  I ordered a Robin Williams DVD yesterday and am looking forward to watching it soon.  Amazaon.com is the greatest!  Thank you so much and will be ordering again soon.
0385504225|3.0|I make it a general rule not to write reviews that contain spoilers but I really feel the need to vent.<br /><br />I won't go into the plot details and all that, so many other reviewers have already done that.<br />I'll get right to it.<br /><br />What did I like?<br />I liked this book just as much as Angels & Demons and The Da Vinci Code.<br />It's a page turner that's for sure.<br />And like the previous two books there are more twists than a pretzel.<br />I really loved the final twist at the end when Peter Solomon finds out who the killer really is.<br />That was really the \\"woah\\" moment for me.<br />The character development was good.<br />The pacing was good.<br />Not too long, not too short.<br />You can tell there was major effort and research put into this book.<br />How much of it is accurate?<br />I don't know, nor do I care. I read Dan Brown's work because it's fiction, not because I want an accurate history lesson.<br /><br />What really killed this book for me was the ending.<br />Unlike, Da Vinci and Angels & Demons there was no real resolution.<br />In Da Vinci you found out where the grail was hidden.<br />In Angels & Demons everything wrapped up into a nice little package that made sense.<br />But this book???<br />I got all the way to the end expecting something extraordinary to happen and it JUST DIDN'T.<br />Are you telling me the Masons would go to such extreme lengths with the stone pyramid just to hide NOTHING.<br />We never found out about the Ancient Mysteries.<br />It felt like the rug had literally been yanked right out from under my feet.<br />I felt like, \\"I just read five hundred plus pages to find out NOTHING???.\\"<br />Nothing world changing, nothing even really worth reading.<br />Just \\"read in between the lines of the bible\\" and that's it.<br />Are you kidding me???<br />Are you SERIOUS???<br />That's what was being protected by the Mason's for hundreds of years?<br />I think I know why Brown did the ending in such a way.<br />To make us think of, instead of looking for outside knowledge, we should look inward.<br />That's nice (sarcasm) but like I said, I read Brown's work for enjoyable fiction not for a history or morality lesson.<br /><br />I really wanted and was expecting the Mysteries to be found and something MAJOR to happen and......it didn't.<br />The book just.........ends.<br />Lame.<br /><br />Other issues I had with the book were...<br />Do you really expect us to believe that the CIA would get involved if some nut job was going to release a video of Masonic rituals?<br />I don't CARE how many of the USA's power players are in the Mason's. I know there are many and have been since this country was founded.<br />Whoopdee Dooo.<br />Would a covert video tape of their rituals really cause world wide upheaval?<br />I think not.<br />Most people would shrug and go, \\"yeah, so what?\\"<br />Rich people doing weird things, what else is new?<br />I was expecting the killer to have access to a WMD or something of that nature, something that would actually WARRANT the CIA's involvement.<br />Then we find out he's threatening to release a tape.<br />That's nice (sarcasm again).<br />So what!!!<br />UUGH!!!<br />I loved the book except for the tape part and the very ending was such a let down.<br />Do I recommend The Lost Symbol?<br />It's not essential but it is a fun read.<br />Like Da Vinci and Angels it takes a long time for the book to really pick up steam but when it does it's great.<br />It's just that the ending is JUST SO WRONG.<br />Meh, I hope Brown is now done messing with the Masons.<br />Time to move onto something different me thinks.<br />Three stars for a great book ruined by a bogus ending.work for enjoyable fiction not for a history or morality lesson.    I really wanted and was expecting the Mysteries to be found and something MAJOR to happen and......it didn't.  The book just.........ends.  Lame.    Other issues I had with the book were...  Do you really expect us to believe that the CIA would get involved if some nut job was going to release a video of Masonic rituals?  I don't CARE how many of the USA's power players are in the Mason's. I know there are many and have been since this country was founded.  Whoopdee Dooo.  Would a covert video tape of their rituals really cause world wide upheaval?  I think not.  Most people would shrug and go, \\"yeah, so what?\\"  Rich people doing weird things, what else is new?  I was expecting the killer to have access to a WMD or something of that nature, something that would actually WARRANT the CIA's involvement.  Then we find out he's threatening to release a tape.  That's nice (sarcasm again).  So what!!!   UUGH!!!  I loved the book except for the tape part and the very ending was such a let down.  Do I recommend The Lost Symbol?  It's not essential but it is a fun read.  Like Da Vinci and Angels it takes a long time for the book to really pick up steam but when it does it's great.  It's just that the ending is JUST SO WRONG.  Meh, I hope Brown is now done messing with the Masons.  Time to move onto something different me thinks.  Three stars for a great book ruined by a bogus ending.
B002GZQY6Q|5.0|I'm seeing a lot of mixed reviews for this album. In my opinion, part of the reason for some of the poor reviews is that the reviewers may not have given the album enough listens or enough attention to truly appreciate it. I've been a huge PT fan since In Absentia, and when I read that the new album consisted of a 55-minute epic song cycle, my mouth watered with anticipation.<br /><br />The first listen of The Incident left me a little disappointed. This album doesn't reach out and grab you like the last couple did. The big catchy singable hooks that were on the last couple albums didn't seem to be there this time around. I could tell on the first listen that I was probably going to like it more if I listened to it more and involved myself in it, but the immediate satisfaction of the last couple albums just simply was not there with this one. If I would've written this review within the first couple days of the album's release, I probably would've only given it 3 stars.<br /><br />However, it's been over a month since the album's release, and I am giving The Incident 5 stars. With each listen, I get more and more involved with the music, and the album gets better and better. When I finish listening to the album, I find myself wanting to listen to it again even more than I wanted to in the first place.<br /><br />The Incident is Porcupine Tree at their best. The sound textures in this album are brilliant and beautiful. The album has a great flow as well as it transitions from song to song. This really isn't an album that I can pick out my favorite tracks on [so I will not discuss specific tracks], nor is it an album that you can pick out certain songs to stand alone in an mp3 player (I actually spliced several of the songs together to put on my Zune so the transitions between the songs would not be lost). This is an album that to truly enjoy and appreciate it, you have to listen to it from start to finish. The whole is greater than the sum of the parts.<br /><br />The Incident is probably not the album I would recommend to someone just getting into Porcupine Tree, but for someone who is already a fan and knows what the band is all about, this album is a must have. I think it is one of their best albums, and easily one of the best albums of the year by any band.<br /><br />Incidentally [pun intended], if are able to make it out to one of their shows on this tour, do it! Seeing them perform The Incident live will blow you away!e Incident is probably not the album I would recommend to someone just getting into Porcupine Tree, but for someone who is already a fan and knows what the band is all about, this album is a must have. I think it is one of their best albums, and easily one of the best albums of the year by any band.<br /><br />Incidentally [pun intended], if are able to make it out to one of their shows on this tour, do it! Seeing them perform The Incident live will blow you away!
B0002M6QLS|5.0|I saw this movie when it first came out at the cinema and owned the DVD , but when I moved to America the bloomin' DVD was the wrong format and didn't work. I found this one and have practically worn it out watching it! Love it! Original and best!
0385504225|4.0|I am an avid reader of all types of literature. Screw literary commentary, this book kept me turning the pages. There are some very surprising plot twists and times when I'm thinking \\"oh, no! X can't happen to him/her! Noo!\\" It's rare a book keeps me engaged to the level that Dan Brown does. I often think that because of the hype of Davinci, regardless of what he does it \\"won't be good enough.\\" Listen to me- get the book and decide for yourself. I've loaned it to a couple of friends and NOBODY has taken more than four days to return it- with the whole thing read! I'd say it's definitely worth your time.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|Awesome product. Can't wait for season 2 to come out on dvd. Seller shipped it fast.
B001FB4W0W|3.0|I was disappointed in this. I loved the book series that this was made after, and was very excited about seeing the HBO series. I should have read up on it more before buying it. It has a lot of nudity (xrated type stuff) in it that I didn't care for. I understand that HBO makes it, didn't think it would be as bad as it was. Other than that, in my opinion it was just ok.
B00008PX8P|5.0|this version is awesome, and the definitive led zep dvd, anyone know if will come out for blu ray?
B002R5V7MG|4.0|Of course I am reviewing this item before it is released, because I was able to listen to the performance live, and watch it on television on Great Performances.    The PBS broadcast was spoiled by terrible compression artifacts in the video, plus annoying audio dropouts, pops and clicks.  I am looking forward to this DG release so that we can re-live this performance for years to come without these distracting flaws.    Dudamel's interpretation of the Mahler was detailed, exceptionally well prepared, and exciting.  Every nuance came through, every melody was clearly heard, and the orchestral balance was flawless.    Truly a triumphant premier performance by an impressive young conductor.
0810993139|5.0|First of all, I read this series like I used to read when I was younger!!!  Second of all, I have a brilliant but hesistant to read 6 yr old son who cannot put these books down!  Third, it is the only series of books I know that the whole family actully enjoys as apposed to the parents reading for the sake of looking at content.    Also, it's not just a boy book. My daughter, 8 yr old, LOVES to read it.
0099429799|5.0|By far this is Ian McEwan's greatest work. This novel deserves all of the attention it received.  The writing is beautiful, the characters are completely human and the story is incredible. I will not deny that it is a slow paced book. It takes the reader a very long time (around seventy pages) before the novel starts to pick up. Let me assure you that it is worth the wait.    Atonement tells the lives of the Tallis family and Robbie Turner. The story revolves around the relationship of Cecilla Tallis, Robbie Turner, and Briony Tallis. Briony falsely accuses Robbie of a crime. The result has terrible consequences.     This book allows you to assess how you perceive things. Atonement is simply unforgettable. Truly a literary masterpiece.
0882709194|1.0|I really wish ray comfort extends his objective analysis to Bible etc rather than stopping at \\"Origins or species\\". He would rather believe in bible and not question anything from it but would do the opposite on things he doesn't believe in. Pool soul who couldn't look beyond his bias or hypocrasy
0307588335|2.0|Takes a very complicated subject to a new level of simplicity. There is no free lunch.  There is no free money. What wall street or Washington or Sacramento borrows  has to be repaid.You can not lend money to people who cannot ever pay it back.  No doc loans ie insufficient income loans are  government stupidity.
0425166805|1.0|Reviewer Marney E. Mason writes:    'It is a shame that he [i.e., Erich Von Daniken] had to repeatedly ruin some good information with the single phrase \\"There can be no other explanation.\\"  He repeated this phrase throughout the book. Each time I saw it, I cringed. This phrase tries to cut off debate, stifles analysis, and generally hurts the credibility of the entire work.'    Marney has indirectly fingered Von Daniken's forensic strategy in CHARIOTS OF THE GODS, which can aptly be dubbed \\"Proof By Unanswered Rhetorical Question\\".  Execution of the battle plan is simplicity itself.  First, you cite some (presumably surprising) fact. Next, you recount, in singularly unflattering terms, what's supposed to be the received explanation of that fact. You then ask a how-can-this-be-possible?-type question cunningly formulated to invite the tacit reply, \\"It CAN'T be possible!\\" You now promptly conclude AGAINST the received explanation and, finally, segue to your FAVORED explanation exactly as if it's OBVIOUSLY the ONLY rational alternative. Thus: \\"The Great Pyramid is an architectural marvel. It's supposed to have been built six thousand years ago by ignorant Egyptians using only slave labor. But how could puny, know-nothing terrestrials possibly have erected such an edifice employing only primitive Bronze Age technology? ['They COULDN'T!' your mind screams silently in reply.] Well, if they COULDN'T, then they DIDN'T! But if TERRESTRIALS didn't build the Great Pyramid, then that leaves only ONE alternative [drum roll, please]: EXTRA-terrestrials did it! Q.E.D.\\"  See how easy it is?    Von Daniken is a flim-flam artist who has made a personal fortune rolling suckers.  Televised documentaries have aired his responses when the falsity of some of his claims has been demonstrated right before his eyes:  he just goes \\"dumb\\" and refuses to acknowledge anything.  But Von Daniken has his groupies who, in common with the fans of Creation Science, have an apparently insatiable craving for pseudo-scientific drivel.  VIVA LA STUPIDITA!
B002BSHXJA|5.0|While I am a musician and have spent time in the studio I don't want to approach this in any technical way. As someone who still listens to the original vinyl (mostly stereo) and has a not complete but extensive collection of the CD's this is an OBSOLUTE REVELATION !. My take on the stereo issue is that when you take a two track or four track recording and attempt to create a stereo mix what happened I think is it actually weakened the performance aspect. Now with the mono mixes the vocals are much more present (front and center), the bass is as amazing as always but now drives the tracks that sound much more like a real band. The horns have more punch and Ringo was actually a really really good drummer as you can hear a lot of very nuanced performances that were lost to a great degree in the stereo mixes. On the surface it flies in the face of what one would believe in terms of being able to hear levels of performance in mono that can't be heard in the stereo. I will leave it to others to explain why this is so but believe me IT IS !
B001AQTWF2|5.0|The Cd is wonderful!  I received the product in time and actually I believe I received it quicker than the original time given.
B002S0OBFK|3.0|This movie is about a couple who have been experiencing weird noises during the night.  They use a video camera to capture anything out of the ordinary.  With each night, the noises are more apparent and things begin to happen even during the day.<br /><br />It's surprising that a movie with such a low budget can be on level with movies that costs millions of dollars.<br /><br />When the night scenes appear, it does build up a lot of suspense, as you never know what is going to happen.  It feels like you are there watching through the camera.  When the night scenes are over, however, the movie is very boring.<br /><br />The ending provides a really big jump scare and then another quick scare that rounds out the movie pretty well. All in all it's not a terrible movie, but it is a bit arduous to get through it without being bored most of the time.
B002T9H2ME|5.0|This is purely a review of the film movie and is no way indicative of the quality of the Blu-ray release.      This movie was amazing.  Definately the best movie I have seen in the last year.  Sam Rockwell's acting in this film is purely amazing.  I wish this film had gained a wider distribution because I believe a lot of people would be talking about it.  Jones' writing and directing are very good as well.  Theres nothing bad I can say about this movie.  BUY BUY BUY
B0025KVLTM|2.0|42 years later and Sgt. Pepper is as brilliant as ever...enough said, further accolades superfluous. However, how can anybody justify the sale of such an iconic cd in a cardboard envelope? Shame on you Amazon and E.M.I.! Would a simple, elegant crystal cover have cut that much into the bottom line?
B001FSDOZO|4.0|Nickelback's debut album was the best in my opinion and the rest since then have been playing catch up.  This album has some really kickin' songs that really make you want to \\"Burn it to the ground\\" but some really make you want to put out the fire.  It's not a bad CD and one you can listen to the whole way through but there are only a few really awesome songs.  If you like Nickelback, get this CD.  The 5 or 6 awesome tracks will be worth it if the radio doesn't wear them out.
B000YAA68W|5.0|The genius of this movie is that it's animated; there is no way to capture all the feelings and emotions with real actors.<br /><br />This is the story of every society when one dictator falls to be replaced by worse dictators. It is the story of young souls watching their dreams of freedom and justice fall apart. It is the story of being stranger in your home land and everywhere else, and it is the story of how religion is used to manipulate and control people.<br /><br />Watch the story of little Marjane, her little bread swans, her story with God and life and don't fight your tears. The realism of the story, the sadness of Marjane, the portrayal of societies' helplessness and political/religious manipulations make this movie a real treasure. Enjoy!
B0029O08WA|5.0|If I was a teenage girl(thankfully, I'm not), I would probably hate this album, as I have seen many of the younger fans have done.However, if you're older than 17, keep reading.    The New Moon soundtrack is an amazing mix of well known and lesser known acts, in which all of the songs seemed to be picked carefully and with thought. The songs are depressing but mix amazingly well with the melodies, capturing the essence of New Moon(in terms of the book anyways) perfectly.     I'm a huge indie fan and even if one isnt a Twilight fan, I think this album could be enjoyed by all. The standout track on the album is \\"Satellite Heart\\" by Anya Marina. The artist as a distinct voice, and captures what Bella goes through in New Moon to a \\"T\\".     Death Cab for Cutie, Thom Yorke, Bon Iver&St.Vincent, and Sea Wolf deliver as well, as these artists are the standouts of the album IMO.    Finally \\"New Moon(The Meadow)\\" is what Bella's Lullaby should have been all along. I love the piano and its played on a depressive but emotional level that comes out in the music. I even hear a bit of Clair De Lune inspiration in the notes, which fits.    Bottom line : For the price, buy it. You'll be pleasantly surprised.
B0029O08WA|1.0|Only one word describes this soundtrack. DISAPPOINTING. After waiting like everyone else, I had high hopes. Then tonight I walked into Target and saw it, the New Moon soundtrack. I was completely stoked. As soon as I got back into my car I popped in the CD. That's when it all went downhill. The music was so slow and horrible I felt cheated. This is not a soundtrack that should have been made. The music makes you depressed. Yes, Bella was supposed to be down in the book, but honestly they could have done a better at picking out songs. I would NOT recommend buying this at all.
0882709194|1.0|This is another attempt to sneak creation/\\"intelligent design\\" idiocy into the mainstream; it features an introduction that supposedly refutes evolution. Yawn. Buy ANY other version of this otherwise wonderful book.
0385504225|5.0|I've waited for years for a new Dan Brown book and this was a fun read I coulsn't wait to get to the next page.
1439102813|5.0|Alice Howland is 50 years old, the mother of three grown children and a prominent professor of psychology and linguistics at Harvard, when she finds herself lost and disoriented while out running one day. She's been forgetful lately too, but she's been attributing her mental lapses and other slip-ups to menopause and 'normal' aging; now she wonders if it's something else. After she sees a neurologist, she learns that it is indeed something else; her tests come back indicating a probable diagnosis of early-onset Alzheimer's, and a genetic screening confirms that she does have the accompanying mutation. Drugs are prescribed that may help slow the progression, but Alzheimer's is incurable and unstoppable, and Alice's life will never be the same. Little by little, and all too soon, she will lose nearly everything that has made her who she is.    Lisa Genova, a neuroscientist by training who originally self-published this novel, has done a remarkable job of truly getting inside the mind and emotions of an Alzheimer's patient. She includes a lot of real information about the disease and its effects in ways that don't distract from the story, and she effectively captures its disruption and alteration of family, career, and daily life, but the fact that it's all told from Alice's perspective makes it unique and unforgettable. The reactions of Alice's family and colleagues to her condition rang true, but  Genova makes the reader grasp Alice's own reactions too.  The instances where the author 'loops' an episode by repeating its opening paragraphs at the end,  and when she frames  Alice's behavior with someone else's response to it, do an especially good job of illustrating what's happening and making the reader connect with it.    I had postponed reading STILL ALICE because I was pretty sure it would be a difficult book for me, emotionally - and it was, but not quite in the way I expected it to be.  It got under my skin, and it's stayed on my mind. It made me sad, although it didn't make me cry; but more than that, it scared the hell out of me. I was engrossed and moved by Alice's story, and I feel that it gave me a lot of insight into Alzheimer's that I didn't have before - but knowing more has made me more afraid of experiencing this than I was before, too. I'm just five years younger than Alice, and not much younger than my mom was when she began to show her own signs of early-onset Alzheimer's - and I DO NOT WANT THIS to happen to me.    I'll be keeping this book, and recommending it to everyone, whether or not their lives have been touched by Alzheimer's - it's frightening, but it's also enlightening, and it's a tremendously worthwhile read.
B0018QCXGY|5.0|This is the first time since I was a 10yr old, that I've really been immersed & enjoyed the thrilling notion of being attacked by a giant beast in an urban environment. If you can handle the shaky camera, this is a great experience to be had. Just make sure you see it on a good home theater.   Even though there isn't any real graphic violence or nasty language (which is much appreciated), I'd say avoid watching this with young children, as it can be very intense and most likely terrifying for children. The DVD transfer is fantastic, but the Blu-ray is absolutely hands-down perfect. Crisp picture quality & amazing True HD audio, the alien screeching will make your hair stand on-end.
B000002LJW|5.0|IMO ,,,this is the best Clapton Cd ever...Have owned it since it first came out and I still listen to it a lot....good tunes throughout
B002LFPAUC|5.0|By far the best thing ever on television!  This is one series that I have watched, re-watched, and quoted for years!  It never gets old!  A must-own collection!    [...]
B00026WU3M|5.0|This album is fantastic! The unique sound really makes it stand out in Dylan's massive catalog. The combination of Lanois's production, the lyrics and Dylan's best vocal performance in his career makes this a special album. From the fast beats of 'Political World' to the slow and atmospheric last few tracks, the sound and mood are consistent.    The recording session as a whole was phenomenal! From what I've read it was difficult for both artist and producer at times but I think so many good things have come from it. Songs such as 'Dignity' and 'Series of Dreams' from [[ASIN:B000002AX1 Bob Dylan's Greatest Hits, Vol. 3]] as well as 'God Knows' and 'Born In Time' from [[ASIN:B001D06SEI Tell Tale Signs: the Bootleg Series Vol. 8]] never made it on the album, yet are such great songs!    I have my own idea of which songs and versions should have made the album but I think the final product turned out just fine. It is better than all of his 80's and 90's albums except [[ASIN:B000002C2E Time Out of Mind]]. You could make an argument that [[ASIN:B00026WU4G Infidels]] and [[ASIN:B0012GMYLY Empire Burlesque]] are lyrically superior but those albums are hard to listen to unless you really like generic 80's production.    This is one of my favorites and one of the best not-so-famous albums by Dylan!
B001GCUO16|5.0|I like the X-Man series of films and this one continues the entertainment. Hugh Jackman is great in the part and the movie looks incredible in blue-ray.<br />Ken<br />Webmaster<br />About Facts Net
B002T8KTMU|3.0|With both Stargates and Battlestar Galactica gone, a huge hole was blown out of the science fiction fan's television line-up.  There are other offerings that are fun, but those shows exceeded everything else currently on.  So far, Stargate Universe is working to get its spacelegs, and it has taken the best and worst from those favorites, which, if balanced over time, will make for a great show with a long life and a hardcore fan  following.  Right now most of the characters are unlikeable, which is not a show killer, it is just more intellectually challenging.  The well-rounded characters have some pretty serious \\"issues\\", which, even if they aren't liked, makes them relateable.  If the show continues at a constant desperate hair's breath from losing life support and food, that will probably get very tired.  There need to be periods when they have different enemies.  Another problem, one that both Galactica and Stargates ran into is that if you make the antagonist too scary and strong it begins to seem impossible that the opposition could win, or even survive.  This happened on Star Trek Deep Space Nine as well (a show that I know very little about, mostly because I stopped watching when this problem arose.  The battles must seem realiztic, without horrifying consequences.  It's Americans against the British, not Israel against the entire arab world.  So, we will see.
B001C4CI8U|5.0|The price was right and the entertainment was great. If you are a SciFi buff, Fringe is a great series that you will love. I equate it with the X-Files.<br />Ken<br />Webmaster<br />About Facts Net
B0025KVLTC|5.0|I find it hilarious that anyone could rate the best pop / rock music of all time anything less than five stars. The best Beatles efforts (Help, Rubber Soul, Revolver, Sgt. Pepper, MMT) have only been improved with the remastering effort. Anyone who can find fault with these gems of recording needs to ask themselves \\"what does rate five stars?\\" The work the Beatles turned out in 6 years has never been matched in terms of quantity and quality. There are very few \\"weak\\" tracks in the entire body of work. If you seriously think these milestones rate less than five stars, I can only say \\"get real!\\".
0821221841|5.0|This is the first book in Ansel Adams photography series. I really cant stress enough the importance of reading all 3 of these books and reading them in their proper order. Ansel talks about a lot of techniques and many of these techniques build upon previous knowledge and previous techniques. If your serious enough about photography to have an interest in these books then you should want to do it right and doing it right is buying all 3 books and reading them in order.<br /><br />I have been seeing a lot of reviews lately for these books that talk about going elsewhere if your a digital photographer and I couldn't disagree more. These books are the best books on the market in regards to teaching you photographic theory and putting that theory into usable form. Do these books focus on film, yes but the skils and theories that these books teach are easily transferred over to digital. IMO the photographers coming up today in the digital will not be nearly as skilled as the photographers who came up using film.<br /><br />I have also come across a lot of reviews that talk about how the final image or print is the only thing that matters. In other words how you get there doesn't matter. I honestly feel sorry for these people. The process for me is 75% of what I love about photography. You take away those processes and photography becomes an empty shell. This is like telling model builders that the final model is all that matters. They will of course disagree as well as building the model is what makes the hobby so rewarding. Not just staring at the finished model. How you get to that final print in photography is just as important if not more important in my book. I am a large format photographer and to me the process of setting up my camera, selecting the right lens, metering for the proper exposure, going under the dark cloth and composing the picture, shooting the film, going back to the darkroom and developing the negatives and finally printing the negatives....this is what I love about photography. Shooting with a digital camera, using photoshop and printing on a digital printer doesn't even begin to compare. Yes you can still make great pictures with digital but the process itself is empty. There is just no comparing the 2 and because of this fact there will always be purists out there who shoot film and who understand the real magic of photography. For those out there that want to take this path, these are the books for you.<br /><br />The bottom line is you will be a completely different photographer after you finish this series. It will take you awhile to finsih them and there are parts that you will re-read multiple times but when you are done, you will be far more skilled than you are now.<br /><br />The first book, The camera obviously starts from the beginning and teaches you the basics of shooting with cameras. I wont even bother going into everything else as these books are so deep that even trying to sum them up in a review is pointless. The titles of the books are self explanatory. The first book deals with the camera, the 2nd book deals with the negative and the 3rd book deals with the print. Its divided up exactly as it should be as these really are the 3 vital components to photography.<br /><br />If you are only interested in digital and all you care about is the final image then these books are not for you. Go buy a digital camera book, a photoshop book and a digital printing book. If however you are interested in photography as a whole and want to learn the skills that will make you a master, regardless of whether you shoot strictly film or digital, then look no further as these are hands down the best books on the market.<br /><br />Go up to anyone who is serious about any particular hobby, regardless of what hobby it is, and ask them if the final product is the most important aspect to the hobby and you will get a resounding NO the vast majority of the time. Its the processes that get you to the final product that make a hobby so rewarding. You take away those processes and it just becomes empty.<br /><br />The processes of film based photography are truly magical and when you make an amazing print from those processes, its far more rewarding than shooting a great digital picture. With the price of film based equipment crashing like the 1940's stock market, now is a perfect time to find out just how rewarding film can be. These books are the perfect place to start.e away those processes and it just becomes empty.     The processes of film based photography are truly magical and when you make an amazing print from those processes, its far more rewarding than shooting a great digital picture. With the price of film based equipment crashing like the 1940's stock market, now is a perfect time to find out just how rewarding film can be. These books are the perfect place to start.
0810971496|4.0|For some reason which I personally can't fathom children LOVE these books. My 10 yr. is required to read 20 mins. per night for school. At least with this book I don't have to fight with him to do it. He WANTS to read this series.
B002AT4K9G|5.0|Zach Heinley    Do you like movies about cars? Well you are in luck. The Fast and Furious series are about people racing their muscle and streetcars. They race in the streets. There are no rules as long as you finish in first and anything can happen in these races. There are some reasons why you might be interested with the Fast and Furious. One reason is if you like racing movies. Another reason is if you enjoy watching sweet and fast cars like muscle and streetcars. One reason why you may not want to watch the Fast and Furious is if you don't like watching racing movies. The Fast and Furious movie series are about people racing illegal.
B0015DWJX2|5.0|DrEwgog (Croton  NY)<br />A charming, good-spirited book that's worth the time and money. I have my quibbles, but in all I think the book will win you over. 4.5 stars rounded up.
B000K7VHQ4|4.0|Kasey Morton Block 2<br /><br />Everything is not as it may seem magic is just an illusion. The movie The Illusionist is a wonderful movie about a magician who performs many magnificent illusions. He grows famous by everyone and along his journey, finds his long lost love that was taken away from him as a child. Although many love him, the magician faces many problems; he always seems to escape those problems. I recommend this movie because one it ahs adventure. A woman comes face to face with death, but will she survive? Two it has romance, the magician finally finds his love, but will they able to stay together? Three there is suspense, you can't stop watching the movie. In the movie The Illusionist, you'll see the biggest illusion yet!
B000OVLBGC|4.0|This is a fictional story of stuff that actually went on in the former East Germany (also known as the German Democratic Republic, or GDR) before the fall of the Berlin Wall.  The year is 1984.  While there is no mention of it in the Special Features, it seems clear to me that it's an allusion to George Orwell's [[ASIN:0452284236 Nineteen Eighty-Four]].  After all, the GDR came about as close as the world has ever come to realizing Orwell's nightmarish dystopia.<br /><br />I had heard horror stories about how oppressive the East German government was & how they were always \\"snooping around.\\"  However, this film brought the stories to life in a dramatic fashion.  The denizens of the GDR were made more \\"real\\" by being immersed in a plausible plotline.<br /><br />For all those people out there who think that the Patriot Act is a wonderful idea, this movie is likely to be a sobering experience.  The GDR was a chilling world where warrantless wiretapping and domestic spying ran amock.  No matter how noble the objective of warrantless wiretapping, once you open those gates you find yourself on a VERY slippery slope.  At the bottom of the slope is the former GDR or present-day North Korea.  Neither are or were pleasant places to spend one's life.<br /><br />George W. Bush would be likely to watch this movie and say \\"Wow, those GDR folks really had their act together.  Wish we could have been more like them while I was in office!\\"  That is precisely the point of why it's so critically important that we not sacrifice our Constitutional values out of fear.  I'm all for going after terrorists, but I'd rather not live out my days in a police state - thank you very much.
B000A0GP0Y|5.0|Matthew Umbenhauer          Have you ever seen the movie longest yard? Well it is adam sandler and he goes to jail and every year they have a football game and it's the guards and the inmates, and adam ends up putting a team together and they  prepare for the game for months. Then the day comes and the start playing and the ref wont call anything against the guards and I cant say wat happens then, but you should watch this if you like football. You should also watch this if u are interested in what goes on in a jail. Also if you don't like football or jails you shouldn't watch this. So I would sugest to you if u like football you should watch this movie it a great movie.
0440246016|4.0|Reacher, combination of The Hulk and footloose Thoreau, is back in another exciting story that you just can't put down. Amazingly detailed writing makes Child's stories read like a movie; I know I'm not the only one who flips back a few pages to replay a scene. Yes, it's formula -- the bad guys know what's going on every step of the way but get beaten anyway -- but maybe it's a healthy formula. I wish the few gruesome parts weren't so gruesome; then I realize that the things that bother me are on the front page of the newspaper just as well. Child is unfortunately getting his ideas straight from life. And we like these stories, though not as clean as Superman, for the same reason: in a world that contains evil, we certainly want the good guys to win. At least the ones we know personally. It's the only way to feel at all good when surrounded by bad luck and trouble.
1594488878|1.0|My favorite genre of books is Music/Love. This book does not even compare to some of the others. I got no sense of what music is supposed to mean to people, especially rock starts like TC. I also didnt feel anything for the romance either. The most ridulous Part was when they discussed ED before They even kissed.    IF YOU WANT A GREAT MUSIC/ROMANCE NOVEL TRY THE SONG IS YOU BY ARTHUR PHILLUPS. EVEN NICK AND NORA'S INFINITE PLAYLIST WAS BETTER THAN J,N.
0061766089|4.0|This book, by the head of the IDEO design organization, covers what it looks like when the design process is extended to a far greater portion of the business process than just the typical prototyping or late-stage \\"polish it\\" work. It provides a large number of concrete examples of design at work. Especially in the last chapter, there are also a good number of concrete recommendations for bringing design into your own team.<br /><br />This book is a little bit short on concrete suggestions (i.e. exercises or frameworks to try out) and very short metrics for knowing if \\"you're doing it right.\\" In addition, there also aren't any concrete examples of design gone wrong except for a few hand-wavey statements about Sony's music strategy, for example. Despite that, I still recommend the book for anyone considering what it looks like for design to be rolled out, especially in a non-product organization.
B001GCUO1Q|1.0|After seeing this movie i had an immediate reaction of being ripped off.  This movie started off soo well showing the relationship between wolverine and sabertooth over the years.  It did a good job explaining exactly how old wolverine was and his history.  Now before i begin i will explain that i am a huge xmen fan so im going to give you a fans point of view.      Story    Started off good then failed soo horribly at the end.  I wont get into details and ruin it for people.  Beginning was well done during the credits.  Explained wolverines roots. Got into how he was changed into wolverine etc.  And then it fell on its face faster than than a todler learning to walk.      Visual    The movie is pretty i can say that but hey its a story were looking for so you can give me all the explosions and destruction you want but it has to have something to keep me watching.     Characters    Well wolverine same. Sabertooth was nice. And then that was it.  They threw in random characters showed them for a few mins and then they died or escaped and you didnt see them really in action.  Always thought.... why show people for 2 seconds and waste money on cgi if they dont have a roll anyway.  Stop trying to add bonus points.  Didnt need to see a young group of xmen do nothing but run for their lives.    Overall this movie was a fail.  It was a fail cascade that went down and went down in a way that compares to x3 last stand. I get what they were trying to do but it was executed poorly, had bad writing, had too many terrible mutants added in for noo reason at all, and was in general a bad movie.  I would recommend renting this movie before buying at all costs.
B000OCZD5G|5.0|This review is for the Road Warrior Blu-ray edition.<br />This movie is a classic, the best Mad Max movie by far. The Blu-ray transfer is very good, image quality was fine. The only thing that could be improved is that there were not many extras included in this Blu-ray.
B002A8G0IG|3.0|Vonnegut's Novel Noir, which revolves around the devastating effects of the 1945 bombardment of Dresden, depicts the disturbed mental existence of Billy Pilgrim---a pathetic anti-hero with whom we soon sympathize.  Readers are jerked through multiple time warps in each chapter of these 215 pages of stream-of-consciousness memories.  To further compound literary comprehension portions of chapters one and ten are related by a first-person narrator whose goal is to comment on Billy's story.  In short: his fluctuating inner life deposits him without warning into pieces of temporal amber, trapping him like a bug, where he is helpless to return to the present. The choice of the protagonist's name is indicative of his plight: BILLY implies not a fully grown man but an impotent youth; PILGRIM hints at his psychological journeys in search of sanity--or even his attempts to escape it.     Requiring some literary flexibility on the part of readers this story is engaging; we see Billy in a variety of ages and settings (not the least bit chronological). Flashbacks are not sufficient; the author includes flash forwards as well.  No wonder poor Billy is often confused.  We see him as a baby, a boy, a fiancé, then a rich optometrist, a devoted husband, and a wretched chaplain's assistant during WW2.  The poor fellow permits himself to be acted upon, rather than commit himself to deliberate action, which results in needless suffering for him--not to mention the dismayed concern of his adult offspring.  Meekly accepting of his fate and the prolonged unfairness of life, he calmly allows the world to consider him a crackpot by insisting that he was abducted by aliens and displayed in a an Earthling cage on a planet called Tralfamadore.  Besides spoofing the sci fi craze of the 1960's the author indulges in two private agendas: to educate the American public about the atrocity of Dresden and to titillate the masses with countless examples of lewd language and crass behavior. He assumes that intelligent Americans will revel in his indulgence of low morality and crudity--cleverly passed off as literature.  We must wade through a morass of filth (of all kinds) in order to empathize with the trials of a naïve innocent like Billy, whose pilgrim journey of self-discovery and human acceptance may never be fully achieved.  An interesting read for those who can separate the trash from the kernels of human truth.
B002HWBS96|3.0|The singing is glorious except for Baron Ochs who is miscast a bit because his voice is not right for the lecher and country bumkin that he is supposed to be.  The main problem is that the opera is done mostly in modern dress and it completely destroys the mood and feeling of being in 18th century Vienna.  Does Austria still have field marshals and princesses living in palaces? The servant is an adult in blackface in a clown outfit.  The MEt does it better and I look forward to its production on DVD-also with Fleming.  CSL
0439023491|4.0|I had high hopes for Catching Fire, and it did not disappoint. But, I did not feel it was as exciting and fast paced as The Hunger Games. I still love Katniss and her courage and strength. She is a wonderful lead character and shows much more development that a lot of stories out there. I am more team Peeta than I was after The Hunger Games.  He is amazingly self sacrificing.  But, I would love to have more knowledge of Gale.  He seems much more important to the story than the author indicates.  I was still instantly pulled into the story which is what I was hoping for. I was not expecting the turn of events that took place at the hands of the capital.  Although, I should not have been surprised given the knowledge of how cruel the capital can be.  The theories about district 13 were especially intriguing!  The ending confused me a little and I had to reread to make sure I understood what happened. It left a great cliffhanger to this story that has me eagerly awaiting book 3!
B001DJ7PQ4|5.0|This series of the newly revamped Dr. Who is excellent. The writing is solid and the acting is bar none. If you already know Dr. Who and have been following the series, do yourself a favour and pick up #4. It is well worth the money.
B0002W4SWC|2.0|Bridget Jones's Diary: 4 out of 10: There have been a great number of woman's films that have successfully crossed over to the mainstream. Sleepless in Seattle, Jerry Maguire and Aliens are three classic examples of \\"chick flicks\\" that men can watch with their ladies, enjoy the film, and still get credit for being a sensitive guy that likes what she likes.      Bridget Jones's Diary tries to come across as a frothy crossover comedy. You know one of those estrogen flicks that Hugh Grant now does since Tom Hanks was shipped off to make \\"important films\\". Diary however doesn't successfully crossover. It's a real chick flick through and through.    The thirty something equivalent of Sixteen Candles. In fact it seems to have basically the same plot and characters as that John Hughes eighties perennial. Instead of our sixteen-year-old ugly duckling we have a thirty two year old overweight alcoholic with virtually no social skills. And instead of one impossible cute and rich suitor we now have two impossible rich and handsome suitors that fight over our protagonist.      Now I have always felt Renee Zellweger was easy on the eyes and talented to boot. As for the extra weight she put on,(An act that the media with a straight face called \\"brave\\") well let's just say she wears it well. Her character however is such a horrible deceptive person that one really wonders why either man would want her for anything more than a quick shag.      Like those other lovable raging alcoholics of the silver screen say Arthur or The McKenzie Brothers two hours of screen time is one thing but day-to-day living is another. One really wonders how long either man would really stick around with Miss Jones? (A: Till he got tired of shagging her.)      One last question. What's is with the music? It's Raining Men? Ain't No Mountain High Enough? Does the CIA use this soundtrack on prisoners at Abu Ghraib? Doesn't the Geneva Convention mean anything?
0385504225|2.0|Did anyone else feel like dialog with Langdon was like watching an episode of Blue's Clues?  There ARE words in the English language that have multiple meanings...imagine that...Apparently that is really difficult for our genius professor to grasp.      Overall the book was a major disappointment.  It was entertaining at points, and a few of the pot twists actually did surprise me.  But the dialog was painful and the plot was formulaic.  The ending of the book made wish I hadn't wasted my time.
B002PEP4HI|5.0|This book was amazing. You will not be able to put it down. I was crying by the end.
B000TM1CL0|5.0|Service was excellent.  Arrived in a timely fashion. The  series was in perfect condition.  Thank You!!
B00288KNJU|5.0|From Nightmare Before Christmas I had not seen a movie so wonderful. Henry Selick makes a great adaptation of the book by Neil Gaiman.<br />Coraline invites us to journey through a world where everything is wonderful, or so it seems, Coraline will have to learn that often the best place is where you have never searched, also have to fight not only for their freedom, also by the of children caught and their parents.<br /><br />Coraline will far exceed my expectations<br />3-D version is very well done<br />My favorite movie of the year.
B000063UR2|5.0|The U.S. theatrical release of this film was completely ruined for me by the awful, anachronistic music of Tangerine Dream.  What a thrill it is to finally see it as Ridley Scott intended, with Jerry Goldsmith's gorgeous, inventive score.  Now the film feels much richer, nuanced and complex.  Many other reviewers have complained about Lily's singing, but I found her simple folk melodies to perfectly capture the time period evoked by the filmmakers, as well as the innocence of the character.  It is her singing that lures the unicorn to its doom (one example of adding that layer of complexity to the film).  Another case in point is the \\"dress waltz\\" scene.  Tangerine Dream's music was listless and lame, laughably simplistic and devoid of any emotion.  Jerry Goldsmith transforms the scene utterly: now it positively overflows with dark desire.  What a difference the right score can make.
B002KQ6BT6|3.0|Although is still enjoy his writing style, I found the plot in this novel to be lacking. The ending was a drag.
B002I9Z89Y|5.0|This is one of the best sets ever!! I highly recommended it! Blu Ray has gone beyond its capacity to exceed itself! The picture clarity is incredible! And the new enhanced special effects are great! I cant wait for season 3 to come out!
0307473708|5.0|The first of the Dexter's book series is probably the best book by far. I have read all the other dexter novels but, this one is all you need to read in order to fall for this incredible character. A mix of love and murder in great balance. Wonderful reading, and a different way of seeing a \\"murderer\\" I Love Dexter!
B00070Q7VO|5.0|what can you say that hasn't already been said about Micheal Buble...this album is great....some oldies some newer
B001V9LPWQ|4.0|[[VIDEOID:37170a234f4d1a80d81ff340d306d55c]] This film is pretty much considered the \\"Citizen Kane\\" of animation (AFI calls it \\"The Greatest Animated Film of All Time\\"); it was quite a technical achievement (and, I believe, mainly still being praised by adults because of that), being the first full-length animation feature in color. It was the one that really started Disney. However, instead of just stating what people want to hear, I'll be totally honest how I felt about this film... (and I'm sure I'll offend the fans of this film)<br /><br />Unless you live in a cave (wait... how could you miss the dwarfs then?! ha... ha.. come on, that was a good joke, Grumpy!), who doesn't know about Snow White & The Seven Dwarfs? Well, although I was aware and seen plenty of clips/characters/trailers, this was the first time I actually sat down and saw the entire film.<br /><br />From an adult's perspective, when it comes to the story and pacing, especially in today's standards, it is actually quite dull! I wasn't satisfied at all after I got done with the film! Don't get me wrong... Who isn't a Disney fan, even when we're all grown up? I still love Little Mermaid, Aladdin, Beauty & The Beast, Lion King... yeah! (Oh, do I miss the 90's.) Those films have really great soundtracks too.<br /><br />Since we've been spoiled with better story writing over the years, and especially by how Disney/Pixar films started making it geared more towards adults to enjoy, this film just feels rather silly/boring/outdated--definitely made for kids/straight-to-video quality. There, I said it.<br /><br />This film really should have been called \\"Seven Dwarfs and Snow White\\", because clearly, the main stars are the dwarfs - not the annoying, oblivious, young, giggly, \\"everything-is-just-a-perfect-little-world-I-can-trust-anyone-even-an-ugly-old-lady-so-hideous-her-own-crow-was-afraid-of\\"-mentality Snow White. I'm sure a few people may find her adorable, but I'm sorry... she is hands down, the most annoying Disney princess. She's not even that attractive either (they got it right in Sleeping Beauty). She reminds me of Betty Boop. Her voice... yikes. She even made the animals do all the house cleaning.  Actually, she reminds me of a nagging-old-motherly type. Wake up, sister!! Oh, the prince will regret her in the long run...<br /><br />Thank goodness for Grumpy being there, giving viewer's relief for us grumpy viewers! Other than the dwarfs, there really aren't that many memorable moments. Sure, there's the cute bunnies and forest friends... but that's pretty much it! The prince is so easily forgettable! You can't get any more generic than that guy! His singing was torture.<br /><br />The evil villain hardly appears again until an hour into the film! I thought she'd never appear! I think there's singing/\\"twittering\\" (oh, does that word ever go away?) from the birds too frequently, not so much of a plot, but the only memorable song, really, in this film is \\"High-Ho\\". I was waiting for something to happen, but there really isn't much happening. But I have to say, once the Queen turns into that ugly old lady... she is really scary to look at! Gosh, her stare will give me nightmares.<br /><br />Well, you'll probably/can disregard all the things I've said if you love this film/story no matter what. But just a heads up for those planning to sit through this for the first time like me, expecting the Disney \\"magic\\" storytelling/pacing like in their other films. People don't want to talk down on a \\"classic\\", but in all honesty, there are much greater real Disney classics putting this one to shame now. I'm sure the pacing was perfect and tolerable for those generations back then, but for today's low-attention span viewers, you'll have a hard time sitting through this one; Snow White's character doesn't help here either! I guess the audience doesn't really mind the story, because the dwarfs are what's likable. For me, the story/pacing is just as important as the characters.<br /><br />Now that I've got that out of my chest (it was probably a worthless opinion/ranting for most fans, anyway.), on to the Blu-Ray/DVD Disc \\"Diamond Edition\\" itself...<br /><br />I watched it with the DisneyView, where if you have a wide screen TV, instead of getting the black bars on the side when viewing a 4:3 (square) ratio image, it adds some border backgrounds (done by artist, Toby Bluth) there instead. The background changes to fit the setting of the scene, and it transitions really well.<br /><br />Well, it's not the most smooth vibrant colors that we see in recent animation, but for a 70 year old film, it looks pretty good.  It is hard to believe they managed to clean it up and make it into \\"Blu-Ray technology\\". We're practically are living in the future already!<br /><br />The disc also has a music video of Tiffany Thorton called \\"My Prince Will Come\\" (included on both the Blu-Ray and DVD). I think it's a pretty nice video. It also includes a sneak peak of \\"The Princess And The Frog\\".<br /><br />It has some interesting history/backstage presented in HD with clever interactive menus (I've yet to go through all of it because there's a lot). The glimpse of the never-made Snow White 2 with the narration was probably more entertaining to listen and watch than the original film itself (although the plot is so ridiculous... making a bed for Snow White!?)!<br /><br />It also has some pretty good games...<br /><br />Mirror, Mirror on the wall: basically, it'll ask you a few questions and say which Disney princess you best fit as. (some of the answers are too obvious like if you select \\"like having undersea creature friends\\" then obviously you'll get Ariel! duh! Mind you, I ended up getting \\"Tiana\\" from The Princess And The Frog.)<br />What Do You See?: a scrambled image guessing game.<br />Jewel Jumble: This one is kind of cool and probably will get the most replay value. It's kind of like tetris.<br />Dopey's Wild Mine Ride: This actually felt like I was riding an attraction at Disneyland. Pretty cool, where you have to answer questions to get all the dwarfs into your cart/path.<br /><br />This package is definitely for the fans. With all the extras, it's almost brainwashing to make you love this film, despite the flaws of the pacing and Snow White's character!<br /><br />Pros:<br />- The Seven Dwarfs  (the top 3 memorable dwarfs for me is Doc, Grumpy, and Dopey.)<br />- Blu-Ray + DVD<br />- DisneyView (adds background in place of the 4:3 ratio video black borders when viewing on widescreen)<br />- Has lots of bonus extras/games.<br />- The disc menu has the mirror talking to you and knows when its the first time you inserted the disc.<br />- I like that even if you insert disc 1, you can access the content menus of the bonus stuff that's on disc 2, and it'll just ask you to just swap discs and continue on without going through all the annoying FBI warning signs/etc.<br /><br />Cons:<br />- Snow White (sorry, she is annoying!)<br />- Not that many good songs.<br />- Pacing of the film is awful. (hasn't aged well in that regard) Felt like I was watching a 2+ hour film.s.<br /><br />Now that I've got that out of my chest (it was probably a worthless opinion/ranting for most fans, anyway.), on to the Blu-Ray/DVD Disc \\"Diamond Edition\\" itself...<br /><br />I watched it with the DisneyView, where if you have a wide screen TV, instead of getting the black bars on the side when viewing a 4:3 (square) ratio image, it adds some border backgrounds (done by artist, Toby Bluth) there instead. The background changes to fit the setting of the scene, and it transitions really well.<br /><br />Well, it's not the most smooth vibrant colors that we see in recent animation, but for a 70 year old film, it looks pretty good.  It is hard to believe they managed to clean it up and make it into \\"Blu-Ray technology\\". We're practically are living in the future already!<br /><br />The disc also has a music video of Tiffany Thorton called \\"My Prince Will Come\\" (included on both the Blu-Ray and DVD). I think it's a pretty nice video. It also includes a sneak peak of \\"The Princess And The Frog\\".<br /><br />It has some interesting history/backstage presented in HD with clever interactive menus (I've yet to go through all of it because there's a lot). The glimpse of the never-made Snow White 2 with the narration was probably more entertaining to listen and watch than the original film itself (although the plot is so ridiculous... making a bed for Snow White!?)!<br /><br />It also has some pretty good games...<br /><br />Mirror, Mirror on the wall: basically, it'll ask you a few questions and say which Disney princess you best fit as. (some of the answers are too obvious like if you select \\"like having undersea creature friends\\" then obviously you'll get Ariel! duh! Mind you, I ended up getting \\"Tiana\\" from The Princess And The Frog.)<br />What Do You See?: a scrambled image guessing game.<br />Jewel Jumble: This one is kind of cool and probably will get the most replay value. It's kind of like tetris.<br />Dopey's Wild Mine Ride: This actually felt like I wasriding an attraction at Disneyland. Pretty cool, where you have to answer questions to get all the dwarfs into your cart/path.<br /><br />This package is definitely for the fans. With all the extras, it's almost brainwashing to make you love this film, despite the flaws of the pacing and Snow White's character!<br /><br />Pros:<br />- The Seven Dwarfs  (the top 3 memorable dwarfs for me is Doc, Grumpy, and Dopey.)<br />- Blu-Ray + DVD<br />- DisneyView (adds background in place of the 4:3 ratio video black borders when viewing on widescreen)<br />- Has lots of bonus extras/games.<br />- The disc menu has the mirror talking to you and knows when its the first time you inserted the disc.<br />- I like that even if you insert disc 1, you can access the content menus of the bonus stuff that's on disc 2, and it'll just ask you to just swap discs and continue on without going through all the annoying FBI warning signs/etc.<br /><br />Cons:<br />- Snow White (sorry, she is annoying!)<br />- Not that many good songs.<br />- Pacing of the film is awful. (hasn't aged well in that regard) Felt like I was watching a 2+ hour film.
B001RTP3Z0|5.0|This is Leonard Cohen at his best!  He has never sounded better and the video is even better than the CD because the body language, facial expressions and emotions of the performers are on display.  Each song, and there are many, is masterfully done and the musicianship is extraordinary.  It would be difficult to pick my favorite song because I love them all.  This DVD is a treasure for all the fans of this important figure.
0882709194|5.0|If the God that doesn't exist bothers you, then by all means stay away from this book. But if you have a conscience that knows lying, stealing, lusting is wrong and must be punished then you might actually learn something from the 50 page introduction. I would recommend this book simply for your conscience sake.
B001AVCFJM|4.0|I was there long ago when Star Trek was first broadcast, wow, the 60's. Loved Star Trek even since and knew that it is all to easy to criticize in a corporate capitalistic world in the US.    I was surprised that many elements were great in this movie. I did first go see it in IMAX. Hey are they selling IMAX home theater? Ok, get real.    Did I have some disappointments in this movie? Yes. Was I being a typical wonderful purist devoted to Star Trek? Yes.    OK confession done. In world that turns our media into success by $$$, JJ has done awesone. Already midnite showings of the IMAX return in my nearby but 50 mile drive city? Something was right, yet for the future I have my doubts people.    But what could have been disastrous as the *** terrible send off of Star Trek NG a titanic load of care was shown here to reboot. How can I complain about the efforts of the CGI amd more, other than the score was PREDICTABLE. My lowest point is the score but it wasn't bad to the point of taking away.    NOW. From a corporate profit viewpoint the allowance that our timelines can change is actually based on quantum physics, and that is not mainstream yet, but it is coming. It really is trekkies. It really is and there is a science undisclosed to that, there is.    Sci fi of the past 100 years was about the future. What if we learn we really can live one timeline and then live another. Hmm? Sci fi was about the impossible, it isn't sci fi because it is in space or whatever. Sci fi is based on what we think is impossible and today with quantum physics it is a known that simultanoues, parallel lives are absolutely possible.     SO, read it the way you will. OK reboot, new timelines this and that. OK reboot, what if they could make a change, is that possible. SCI FI IS NOT ABOUT LIMITATIONS.     Only true sci fi souls should judge because sci fi is about breaking down the status quo thought, and this film did that. NOW, can they follow up and continue to honor our beloved figures? Let's see. Well done. But expect bad reviews from those so stuck thinking the past is the past and the past is the past and that's that...they do not understand sci fi.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|the book is engaging. It is a combination of  running man and others of that genre like enders game.
B0000TB03W|5.0|I've always enjoyed Shania's music but it's even better with the show.  I really enjoyed the shots of the crowd and the people she brought on the stage - seemed to make it more than just a concert.  I will say I wouldn't recommend if you don't have your sound system connected.  She states this is her first show after being off for over 3 years and ready to start their tour (back then) but I can't imagine the performance getting ANY better with more practice and the band was just as good as her!
0385737424|5.0|This novel is strange and thought-provoking--but in a good way. It starts off quietly, and reads as an episodic kind of a story (which usually bores me to death) but as soon as the overall story begins to form, it becomes clear that everything in the previous \\"boring\\" chapters were actually clues to the greater puzzle in the story. Awesome.     Basically, the story is about a young girl who is obsessed with A Wrinkle in Time who begins finding cryptic messages in hidden places. The phrase \\"masterfully woven\\" is over-used in book reviews, but I think it actually fits really well for this story. Usually, I'm pretty good at figuring out what's going to happen at the end of a story, but in this case I only half-way figured out the mystery before it was revealed. The half I didn't figure out was quite the surprise. The end will leave you wanting to re-read the entire book to see if you can piece it together the second time around!
B002MW50KO|5.0|How does he do it?  Dylan performs these Christmas classics all-in with no sweating or effort and with an absolutely straight face.  He not only floats but soars to the top of the genre.    What a superb folk musician - he's able to channel the geist of Christmases past and present like no other.      Yes, Dylan's voice is \\"shot\\" compared to his younger years.  But the \\"American Christmas music\\" genre does not call for bel canto.    Louis Armstrong also had a \\"bad\\" voice, and so did Sinatra in his later years.  Yet, no one sings better, no one phrases better and no one channels \\"America\\" better than them, either.    One more comment: name anyone else who can transform the \\"Little Drummer Boy\\" from the commonest American cheese into the finest American whiskey.  Boy that tune never sounded so smooth.  Hibbing Rye, anyone?
B000002BPS|4.0|After Americana, everyone was expecting another great CD from The Offspring. This was the result. In my opinion, a great CD, but no one thought of it like that then. Some songs such as \\"Me and My Old Lady\\" and \\"Don't Pick It Up\\" differ from the usual fast paced punk of the old CDs, but make it work. \\"Leave It Behind\\" is a fast, hard hitting song that ends far too soon to get into it. And those aren't even the singles. All in all, it's a great CD. Go buy it.
B002I9Z89Y|5.0|Star Trek was one of the best shows ever. And this Blu-Ray does its job. THis is a great set, and brings the show to life. Put is set on a good Blu-Ray player and HD TV and you are in for a great ride.
0061914177|5.0|Gary's book has really got me pumped. I knew what I was wanting to do and now I feel like I have just been procrastinating. I have found way too many excuses as to why I have not done what I have always wanted to do. I no longer have those excuses. There is really no reason anyone can not take the steps to execute their dream. It is obvious that it will take a lot of work and it should. I have thrown ideas around for years about what I really want to be doing. Everyone has a passion, and with that passion comes happiness. After reading this book I just feel pumped and ready to be doing my passion for a living. I will be recommending this book to everyone, and I will be giving it as gifts to many.
B002KDUDG6|5.0|I love this album, it is playing in my car at the moment.  Thank you :)
B001FB4W0W|5.0|I was delighted to find the first series of Tru Blood available through Amazon.com.  I started watching the series about a month before it ended and was not happy to find that the series was over.  I waited to see if HBO was going to repeat it so I could start watching it from the beginning and I have not seen it on the program line up yet.  While I was browsing on the Amazon.com website, I typed in Tru Blood to see if and when it would be available on DVD and you already had it!!! I was so happy that I ordered it right away.  I have watched almost half of the series now and am happy I bought the whole first series.
0307276902|5.0|Great book, Great story! I don't care about all the stuff that has been said about the author, James Frey knows how to write a fast pace book.
B001ILFUD2|5.0|The item was just what I ordered the person that received it loved it.  The seller was extremely fast in his delivery.
B000HIVOI2|1.0|First, the movie, the story, the characters are all wonderful, they get 5 stars.  This Blu-ray, it gets a 1 star (I wish I could give it less).  A common issue with early Blu-ray discs seems to be lack of quality and again I find this to be the case here.  The color, graininess and \\"WIDESCREEN\\" on this Blu-ray are all a joke.  Talking to the people who did the work on this Blu-ray; if you're going to transfer garbage then all you're going to get is 1080p, hi-def garbage!  Whoever did the work on this Blu-ray release does not know what they are doing and most likely did not care.  The skin tones go from just OK to bright pink and even orange (we're talking skin tones that would make an Oompa-loompa jealous).  The transfer is also dark, lacking all the great details that the movie is known for, leaving those of us who watch this film with a less than full (forget about \\"BEYOUND HIGH DEFINITION\\") experience.  The graininess on every version of this film is bad and this Blu-Ray is no exception, it is very distracting.  Then, finally, the \\"WIDESCREEN\\" part of my review, the back of the Blu-ray tells us that it is 16x9 or 1.85.1 - DUH!  The thing is Blu-ray, of course it is widescreen!  Not to mention that they stretched the whole thing, the people look like they've all been on a mid-evil torture device.    My advice is to stick with the Last relaesed DVD version of the movie and watch it though your Blu-ray player's up-converter feature.  You will end up with a much more enjoyable experience
B002KVSJ64|5.0|If it's one thing i can say about BB is that they are one consistant band. Meaning the never faulter/sell out their own unique sound they have developed over the years. In fact, they've improved on their rich sound and even start drifting towards the more classical sounds with Anthem of the Angels and Dear Agony. Still yet, they maintain their hard rock edge with songs like I Will Not Bow, Crawl, and Hopelessness. All in all, BB delivers yet another hit album and continue to expand their sound as a band. BB Rocks!!!...
0140274111|5.0|The purchase was as easy as can be and surprisingly quick. Great Amazon reaching forgotten far away places like mine.<br />I bet everybody has seen the cult movie starring Audrey Hepburn, well i enjoyed the novella too and so did my students. We worked on the differences in class and my high school students really appreciated the lessons.<br />The book was second hand and was rated good which was absolutely true.<br />The customer is fully satisfied.<br />Thanks.
0882709194|1.0|This edition of Origin of Species has an added 50 pages written by Ray Comfort, 50 pages of that amounts to nothing but a political smear campaign against Charles Darwin.   Even if every thing said about Charles Darwin in was true it does not make the work of Darwin any less true, it does not make evolution less true. Ray Comfort is ignorant to assume that Charles Darwin was or is the only one to do work in biodiversity, evolution, taxonomy, or basic science.  Ray Comfort mistakenly seems to think that by attacking Darwin that he is attacking some key stone in a foundation.
B002MW50KO|4.0|Many of us have been Together Through Life with Bob Dylan, which has been our pleasure. I've been waiting for him to do a children's album, a la Woody. He has recorded \\"Knick Knak Patty Whack\\" and \\"Froggy Went A-Courtin'\\". But, in typical fashion, Bob crossed me up and did a Christmas album instead. Touche......I just love to keep hearing from him. After all - he's Bob Dylan. Long may he wave..............
032147404X|4.0|Scott Kelby does a good job giving amateur photographers the tips and tricks they need to go from simple to good.  Although he doesn't take the time to talk about what the concepts really mean (such as aperture, shutter speed, focus, etc.) it is easy enough to go thru the book without having this knowledge.<br /><br />What I like the most is he gives the specific settings you need to take great shots.  He also tells you what he was thinking when he took some of the photographs in the book.  Each page is basically it's own chapter.  There is sometimes an illustration and some text talking about it.<br /><br />If you want to quick, general, easy-to-understand guide to digital photography, don't hesitate to pick up this little gem.  I also suggest you move on to Volume 2 when you're done, because that's where the really magic is...
B00005OAIE|5.0|I'm not sure how I missed out on this CD for so long but better late than never.  Great catchy but involved tunes,  good lyrics,  great musicianship and good production values equal a truly outstanding CD.  A must buy.  Now to get some more JM.
0920668372|4.0|This is a very sweet story that should be read to babies as soon as they are born!  It is a wonderful look at how we all need to be and should be cared for by our families throughout our lives.
0060229357|5.0|This book is about a boy Harold, who did not want to go to bed yet, went for a purple crayon enabled adventure, and finally safely got home and fell asleep, and the purple crayone dropped on the floor. My son is four and half and I wish I bought this book earlier. He likes reading, and he likes drawing. Within a few days, he was able to tell the entire story word by word, and very soon started making his own stories with himself being \\"Harold\\", walking in the sunlight instead of moonlight, flying above clouds and ride hot air balloons; he would draw many things in the book, and outside the book; he carries a blue or purple in his hands around and would announce \\"drop it on the floor\\" before any of his activities - sitting down at the table to have dinner, sitting on the couch to watch TV, and certainly before going to sleep in the bed. I also bought him the DVD (Harold and the purple crayone the complete series in year 2004) and the book coming into animation was of the highest fun and education value in all of my previous purchases for him.
0307162095|4.0|This set of books is a great way to spark your child's interest in reading.  The stories are very simple (think \\"Dick and Jane\\"), but what makes them interesting are the different textures and things to do within the books - like smelling the flowers, playing peek-a-boo, and pulling tabs to make things move.  I would recommend this book be shared with infants to toddlers (0-4).
0307266303|5.0|Very well written!  MacDougall does an amazing job of intertwining the history of the running movement with terrifically interesting characters to create a story that pulled me in from the first chapter.  A great read for those of us looking for how to make running easy and fun!
0385504225|5.0|Excellent writing by Dan Brown.  A real page tirner.  Hard to put down.
0882709194|1.0|The Origin of Species was written by Charles Darwin, and was a groundbreaking achievement. The forward of this particular edition, however, was written by Ray Comfort: a man who claims to have proof of god, and who, furthermore, has claimed that the ease with which a man can eat a banana is somehow one of many pieces of evidence which scream of god's existence. When misrepresentation and misinterpretation of the facts does not suffice, he will simply lie to further his cause, which is the cause of Creationism.<br /><br />That's right... a man who earnestly believes the earth is only 6,000 years old has written a forward to Origin of Species.<br /><br />If you want a mind-blowing look into the mind of a creationist, then by all means, read this book.<br /><br />If you only want to read Origin of Species, buy another version.
B000ULQV0W|5.0|This cd was great.  Loved all the songs and since I had seen the movie, enjoyed the \\"book\\" with the lyrics that the cd came it.  I am a big Eddie Vedder fan and was not disappointed.
B000TGCR3I|5.0|This film is wonderful. the animation is beautiful, some of the best I have seen. I love the storyline and the the characters are unique and entertaining. I would and have recommended this to any one.
B0000009RX|5.0|... most completely realized composition - and thus perhaps the best American \\"opera/symphony\\" of the 20th century.<br /><br />Sublime, silly, sophisticated, satiric, playful, powerful, profound, positive, focused, fun, fearless, creepy, creative, chaotic, masterfully mixed, memorable, trippy, timely, and timeless.
0385504225|5.0|The Lost Symbol is the now-familiar allegory of the intellectual elite carrying the heavy burdens of the obdurate masses in the face of government persecution.  In this incarnation, a Harvard professor totes a granite block all around Washington, DC, on behalf of some masons, while the government (CIA in this case) chases him around with helicopters and night vision goggles.  It's a timely and damning profile of the US economy in 2009, but it gets even better:  the heavy block has a soft bottom and a missing peak, a clever metaphor for middle America.  The missing peak of the block--actually a pyramid--is a solid gold cap (think: financial services/Goldman Sachs) is not physically connected to the rest of the block.  There's an audible \\"click\\" when it is occasionally attached to the base, the unmistakable sound of a bailout payment.      The book is a real page-turner.  I bought a hefty table fan and set it next to the book on my desk.  At \\"low\\", it flipped the pages for me at a reasonable clip.  Whenever the pace of the tale slowed down (e.g., during long passages in italics), I would simply switch to \\"med\\" or \\"high\\" to keep things moving.  The book itself is hefty, with an MSRP to match.  You can pick up a copy at the sale rack at your local grocery store (as I did), but I have a better suggestion for the true aficionado:  Jump the next flight on Jetblue for DC to tour the various lost symbols cited in the book.  Board the plane early and grab a left-behind copy of the Lost Symbol from a seatback pocket in one of the exit-row seats.  (Remember to leave your copy for the next bloke when you disembark at Dulles.)  The ticket will cost you less than the actual retail price of the book, and you'll be going \\"green\\" by recycling.  If you're in need of some lighter fare like Patterson or Danielle Steele on your return flight, go Southwest.  Oh, and don't forget the fan.    This book is chock full of text in \\"italics\\" (I didn't know how to put italics in italics, so I used quotes).  After extensive research of ancient texts at the Library of Congress, I learned that \\"italics\\" are a kind of metadata for symbols.  In other words, it's symbolization for symbols.  Armed with this insight, I counted all the italicized words in the book (I just put my fan on \\"high\\" to do this).  The ratio of the number of all plain words in the book to the number of italicized words is 33.  No surprise there (read the book and you'll catch my drift).  Then I ran the italicized text through a decryption algorithm, using \\"33\\" as the key for a substitution code. After removing all duplicate letters, the italicized text reduces to this message: \\"themeaningoflifeis42\\".      I wavered between rating this book a 3 or a \\"5\\".  It's an entertaining and interesting book, with marvelous plot details and twists.  I asked myself: is this an enduring classic that will engage the next generation of Jetblue passengers in 2010?  I think so.
1440469563|5.0|This fantabulous classic was part of my read for the Everything Austen Challenge. My love for anything and everything Victorian has helped me embrace this novel set in the Regency Period, and so, naturally I fell in love with this timeless piece. This story of the very different Dashwood sisters and their clashing tastes in their choices of men to love, was endearing as well as very frustrating at times. Just when I thought the obvious about Colonel Brandon, Edward or Willoughby- the story took a different turn just to add to the intrigue of it all; classic Austen at its best.<br /><br />The story revolves around love-sickness, love-triangles, a marriage of convenience, age and love, differences of choices and opinions, wealth and social status, influence, family conflict, secret-filled pasts and ultimately...and appropriately so: sense and sensibility. I'm still not sure which of the sisters I concurred with the most; Elinor or Marianne... Austen brilliantly shifts us from one perception to the other while embracing both depending on the situation. Ultimately the girls' reconciliation and love for eachother blends the disparities of state helping them come to terms with their own serenity. Love can then be found and accepted under a new light.<br /><br />Sense and Sensibility is a light read embedded with deeper meaning that brings comfort, peaks interest and offers a colourful variety of figures (the comical busy-body Miss Jennings is indeed very special!) On the whole, this read meshed excitement, passion, drama as well as `sagesse' in the lives of two otherwise very ordinary ladies of the times. The book doesn't skip a beat with essential meanings and turn of events within every paragraph- With this one, you won't want to blink:)<br /><br />One can never get enough of elegantly written suspense-filled love twists and pangs. At least I can't- Loved it!
0375408282|4.0|\\"The Reader\\" is a surprisingly easy read, while still thought provoking.   Schlink is very effective in his choice of detail and scene, and employs descriptions of nature almost as a unifier.     Unstated until the very last chapter, and then surprisingly by the Holocaust survivor, is whether  Michael's affair at age 15 stunted his emotional life, whether in fact he was a victim of child abuse, what in the US would be a crime (statutory rape).  The book does not provide enough of a picture of  Michael's character before the affair to be sure, but we do know that his father was emotionally stunted, and that his family life was not a warm one.     Incidentally, I think I may actually have enjoyed the book more for having seen the movie some time ago, and my wife agrees.
030738683X|5.0|The heroine in this novel is Catherine Morland, who is just an average girl with straightforward manners and not an ounce of pretension; yet, she has an outrageously vivid imagination. This is cleverly and Austen-intended, I believe, to purposely deviate from the conventional heroines of the times.<br /><br />The story begins with Catherine joining a friend of the family, Mrs. Allen, for a vacation at her home in Bath. Her days are filled with socializing, taking walks and especially spending time at the `Pump- room', where she meets the rather hard-edged Henry Tilney. Catherine's simple, yet direct and opinionated responses and approaches in conversation lead her to distancing Henry for a while.<br /><br />Realizing that she has feelings for him, Catherine begins to wish she could see Henry again and does everything possible for that to happen. Meanwhile she befriends Isabella Thorpe who shares her passion for books and poetry. As the two become inseparable, Catherine feels close enough to Isabella to tell her all about her feelings for Henry Tilney...<br /><br />In fulfilling her dreams of being with Henry, Catherine's journey evolves through a fiasco of events revealing true personalities, feelings and deceptions. Other important characters that help bring this about involve John Thorpe, Isabella's brother, who is full of mischief and schemes. As well, Catherine's brother James, is one who has a love-story of his own to mourn over as his sister begins to put all pieces of the puzzle together. Just to add to life's intricacies, Henry and Catherine become at odds about a dilemma, caused mainly by Catherine's imagination. The couple's difficulties do not stop there as problems get compounded by family misunderstandings.<br /><br />Confusion of events? You bet. This story is filled with the ups-and downs of young love, anxious situations and very comical moments. Catherine was a girl before her times, which makes situations heartening as well as endearing and perfectly understandable. I gasped, laughed and truly enjoyed this Jane Austen novel. It's the perfect introduction to the author's subsequent masterpieces.gasped, laughed and truly enjoyed this Jane Austen novel. It's the perfect introduction to the author's subsequent masterpieces.
B0002XH9Z4|5.0|I love this collection. It has pretty much everything I wanted and more. Michael's music is amazing from when he was a child to adult. The best part of this collection is the DVD, it's great watching him perform all of his hit songs and remembering how great of an entertainer he was. You won't be disappointed.
0385504225|1.0|Probably the worst book I read this year. I was high on expectations, been one of the first to buy, and what did I find? A book in search of an editor. Every single scene is repeated three or four times, the plot is stupid, the author does not know how to end the book, the female character is surrealistic, the Architect does not know where the wind comes from, a total, complete, absurd mess.   And he took FIVE years to write this? I dare to say that he only published it because the publishers forced him to do, as I know the stakes were high.   Take another ten years, and come with something as interesting as Da Vinci Code or Angels and Demons (although in this second one, I could never digest the scene where the main character jumps from a helicopter and lands alive and well...)
B002BSHWUU|5.0|I ordered this box set the day it was released and received it about a month later. I have not played any of the video but rather am slowly noticing the subtle nuances that exist between the older recordings and this set. I hardly ever purchase any CDs but growing up with the Beatles this for me is a must have. To appreciate this set sonically, you need to sit down and listen critically and when you do, you are rewarded having heard a Beatles song the way the had intended it to be heard more realistically. I recommend this for true Beatles fans, or if you want a comprehensive collection of Beatles music.
0061914177|5.0|If you want to understand how to communicate in the new world, read this book.  It is the Red Pill that will show you how far the rabbit hole goes!  Bought it for all of my employees and 5 more to give away.  - Dmitry Shapiro - CEO of Veoh Networks, Inc.
B001UV4XUG|3.0|\\"500 Days of Summer\\" wants to be an indie style romantic comedy.  In many ways it succeeds.  The non-linear timeline for example.  And just the quirky story itself.  For these reasons and more I wanted to love this movie.  The problem is, \\"500 Days\\" runs smack right into the typical sexism we see in most regular romantic comedies - the B&W male role who's either a total jerk or a saint who's just supposed to take whatever gets thrown his way and be charming just when he's supposed to be.<br /><br />A recent psychology article was published that theorized that modern romantic comedies were making relationships harder because, in the movies, the good guy always does the exact right thing just when it's wanted/required by the woman.  The argument was that women watching these movies were going to walk away with completely unrealistic expectations of what a relationship is like.  \\"500 Days\\" falls into this sexist trap.<br /><br />Zooey Deschanel, who typically only has two or three expressions in any film (her annoying \\"look of amazement\\" can be found in many of her movies), actually succeeds in this movie to present a real woman who's both super sexy and humanly flawed.  She's not the problem.  The problem is that her character is allowed to emotionally steamroll over Tom (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) who basically just sits there and takes it.  There's even a scene where Tom has a date with another woman who, after listening to Tom blubber on about how Summer hurt him, that it was all his fault because Summer had told him \\"she wasn't looking for a relationship.\\"  All actions to the contrary, of course.<br /><br />In what rom-com would the female be polite and gracious when a male character has so obviously emotionally manipulated her (words not equaling their actions)?  I've watched a lot of these movies and I can't think of a one.  Cameron Diaz in \\"My Best Friend's Wedding\\" graciously puts up with the behavior of Julia Roberts.  Problem is, that's between two women, not theman.  The guy in that movie, like most rom-coms, plays it straight.  Perfectly acceptable, doesn't make waves.  There's also \\"As Good As It Gets\\" . . . accept Jack Nicholson's character is clearly mentally ill.  Not exactly a fair representation of your average guy.  Plus, there's that line from the movie: \\"Why can't I have a normal boyfriend? Just a regular boyfriend, one that doesn't go nuts on me!\\" with the response \\"Everybody wants that, dear. It doesn't exist.\\"  Wonderful.<br /><br />For all its efforts to be different, \\"500 Days\\" is still just another romantic comedy that isn't emotionally fair to the male lead. It's as if male anger, justified anger no less, is not permissible.  This movie, like just about all rom-coms, panders to its female audience.  It gives the female character full permission to be a jerk and still likable while putting the guy in an emotional straitjacket lest he offend the audience because he dared to tell the woman what he really feels and thinks.  Genuine male feelings in American movies are rare to non-existent.<br /><br />This might be surprising given my critique, but I'll probably watch this movie again.  It's good.  But when it's over the obvious sexism will be the topic of discussion with whoever I'm with at the time.  And then I'll want to show them one of the rare films about relationships (although technically not a rom-com) that actually shows both the man and woman as flawed humans: \\"Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind.\\"
0385504225|1.0|When an author is a billonaire there is no excuse for factual error. Never mind the atrocious writing. Try counting how many times this literary genius can find no other word than 'countless' to use. They, like everything to which he applies this term, are actually 'countable'.  Pythagoros did not invent the saying 'Know Yourself'. This saying has been attributed to at least six Greek sages, and was probably a familiar one long before the birth of Pythagoros.  The CIA is specifically prohibited by law from operating inside the USA. It certainly has no powers to arrest American citizens.   The idea that exposing the fraternity-brother antics of the idiotic Masons could be a threat to national security is ludicrous.  This is what happens when someone of sophomoric intellect plays with ideas as if they were play dough.
B000GG4Y32|5.0|I was completely satisfied with how quickly I received it. It arrived in excelent condition package wise. I couldn't be more pleased.
B002JM1VJG|5.0|I do not understand the negatives about this DVD collection.  Nearly all of Madonna's videos are included herewith, and I have absolutely no problems or glitches with sound quality or picture quality on the DVD I received via Amazon.  So, I cannot understand what the complaints are about, outside of just plain nasty negative comments due to people's sour personalities.  It's Madonna having fun, making us feel good for a blip of time, and that's all folks.  Picture quality and sound is excellent, and the collection is nearly comprehensive.
0060849827|4.0|What a great survival book that fits in your pocket or backpack with ease. When I ordered this book I didn't realize that it was very small in size \\"Product Dimensions: 4.5 x 3.2 x 0.9 inches.\\" If you want a normal sized book order the Survival Guide for a few bucks more.
B000XA5K4I|3.0|I think the movie was trying to combine the cleverness and grit of a Guy Ritchie movie, with the over the top comedy aspect of a Naked Guy/Airplane type movie.  It's a formula that's going to be really tough to pull off.  The movie makes a pretty good attempt, but in the end I didn't think that the violence was interesting enough, and the humor wasn't funny enough to pull it off.  Maybe those types of movies just don't go together.
B00000F6LQ|5.0|this box set is just,wonderful.full of surprises and with the additional disc choke full of info.  a very funny movie,but what else would you expect from the pythons.  classic skits,brave black knight-only a scratch-brilliant.  if you can get this box set you will not be disappointed.but if you can't get the movie it's great.
B0013POLS8|5.0|This is the 1st BR Concert I picked up<br />I replaced the  original dvd of The Adventures of Mimi<br />At first i wasn't big on this until i got a better home theater system<br /><br />The concert it self was high production values<br />Mariah when she wants to can sing  great the pq is close to perfect!<br />The song selection is like a greatest hits package<br />Make sure to have a strong home theater set to get the most out of it  ( PCM 2.0 & PCM 5.1 )<br />The look of the concert is 9/10  Overall  it's impressive all around  9/10
B00192IV0O|5.0|Love it, Love it, Love it!  It keeps me going in the SoFl traffic, which really sucks!  Hope to hear \\"Show Down\\" at a sporting event soon! I like the old school lyrics intertwined into a few of the songs.  No need to go on and on, like sooooo many others here! Keep it simple and just enjoy the beat!!!
B0018PH3L0|1.0|Best western movie ever made!!!!!!!!!!<br /><br />Shipped as promised, in great new packaging
0061914177|5.0|Just read it on a kindle - half text reading, half listening to that robotic man while riding my bike.     This book offers an excellent recipe for using the evolving social media and publishing tools available. But it's so much more. It inspires by being rational and magical at the same time. Magical? Yes. The magic of the message -- and, by the way, the reason really productive/successful business ventures are so difficult to launch -- is that you must be motivated in a *BIG* way. Go big or go home - whatever slogan you want to use. Many other books delve into this realm, of course, but it's always great to hear new insights and interesting anecdotes from someone who's been through the wars and delivered the goods.     And beneath the SM tools lie some down-home truths that need to be repeated. Gary artfully weaves discussions on integrity, honor and legacy into the mix. Not bad for a city boy!    Crush It is for people already in business that need a push, and it's especially appropriate for those who are in miserable jobs and want to launch their dream businesses. Good for micro businesses and even those who can afford to stumble a little and dabble in \\"see-if-it-will-stick-to-the-wall\\" blog forays.     And.. heck what a giver - Gary even throws up some intriguing ideas for businesses that just might work today (if they're your passion, of course!).
B001GCUER0|5.0|Great condition, exactly how it was described, and fast shipping! Would buy from again. Thanks.
B0002XH9Z4|5.0|The best collection to MJ, until this date, great songs for his past with Jackson 5, The Jacksons and solo. Versions of songs not available in other cd's We Are the Wolrd for example. Only one missing song \\"Scream\\" with Janet. Excellent concert DVD, Dangerous Tour\\".  The book with fine pics and information, really good.  EMTO
B000002U9W|4.0|You need to be a total fan to get it.  Great arrangements for such a young group.
B00168OIP8|4.0|Fast shipping, good price. The bluray version is ok for as old as the movie is this is as good as the movie will ever look. If your a fan there is no risk.......buy it.
0786868724|5.0|I know Mitch Albom best from watching him on \\"The Sports Reporters.\\"  He is a calm, common sense and likeable journalist in a field that needs more people like him.  He is also a fine analyst of the human spirit.  \\"Tuesdays With Morrie,\\" \\"Five People You Meet in Heaven\\" and now \\"Have a Little Faith\\" all prove that.    The story of the rabbi is terrific.  Albom shows us a wonderful human being who develops a small, struggling New Jersey synogogue into a thriving one while taking very few material things for himself.  Along the way, he teaches life lessons to his congregation as well as to the community as a whole.  Always a delightful eccentric, the rabbi helps Albom return to his faith over an eight year period after having asked Albom to deliver his eulogy.    Albom also learns some lessons in faith from another minister...a former criminal and drug dealer who changed his life and became a selfless Christian minister serving the homeless and other down on their luck folks from a run down church with a hole in its roof in Detroit.    This is a superbly written book that sheds a great deal of light on what life is really about. It is not about Jews, Christians, Muslims or any other religious group.  It is about life and faith.   It won't take you long to read it, but it will make an impact on you that may last a lifetime.
0786868724|4.0|A great book.  I couldn't put it down.  We all could use a little faith.  If you liked this heart warming story and want to reconnect with your own faith you may also like the Life Path Journal.  It's a practicle tool to help guide you in your quest to discover your own faith and destiny. [[ASIN:0982020309 Life Path Journal: Who are you, what do you want and how are you going to get there?]]
0439023491|4.0|Katniss and Peeta's unprecedented sharing of victory in the last hunger games managed, inadvertently, to demonstrate to all of the twelve oppressed colonies that the capitol's wishes can be defied.  Now, when they'd really just like to spend time with and take care of their families, the tyrannical president has other plans, designed to demonstrate conclusively that even the strongest among the colonies can be crushed.<br /><br />This riveting sequel to the intense beginning of Suzanne Collins' post-apocalyptic saga, [[ASIN:0439023483 The Hunger Games]], repeats elements of the first story, but only to ramp up the intensity and to show the larger political implications of what in the first book was primarily a story of young people coming of age in dangerous times.  Whereas Katniss and Peeta were victims who rose to the challenge in the first series, now they have to choose.  They have to decide whether to act selfishly, and merely to save their own lives and those of their loved ones, or whether to rise to the challenge of fighting against an evil regime, for all who remain oppressed.<br /><br />My children and I read Suzanne Collins' powerful [[ASIN:0439678137 Gregor The Overlander]] series as they came out, waiting impatiently for each new installment and then eagerly reading through them quickly as soon as they were published.  It looks like we've got another dark but gripping series to look forward to.  We loved Hunger Games and couldn't wait for this one.  I picked this up as soon as it came out and my 14 year old daughter read it within 24 hours, and my 12 year old son finished it within 48 hours after that.  Both then looked eagerly online to see if there was news of when the next installment would be released, my daughter, especially was very upset when she realized it would likely be a long time.  I was very busy when we got the book, so I waited a few weeks after they were done, until I had an evening free and thought I'd just dip into it.  I couldn't stop and read the entire book before going to sleep in the early hours of the morning.  It's that good.<br /><br />As I wrote in my review of the first novel, the series feels somewhat like what I felt reading John Christopher's [[ASIN:0689027737 Tripods]] series when I was about the same age as my son.  Reading that I could understand, almost for the first time, what it would be like to be on your own, to have to make the choices of an adult.  The difference here is that the enemy is not just the alien - it is human, and the human oppression in this new world, and the ease with which it is forgotten by the oppressors, is not so distant from that in the world we inhabit.  This is a powerful series that is not only gripping and intense but also serves to highlight questions that young people on the brink of adulthood ought to be asking themselves: why do we go to war? why do some people hate others? why is there oppression? why do so few people do anything about it?  how can one young person make a difference?p and read the entire book before going to sleep in the early hours of the morning.  It's that good.<br /><br />As I wrote in my review of the first novel, the series feels somewhat like what I felt reading John Christopher's [[ASIN:0689027737 Tripods]] series when I was about the same age as my son.  Reading that I could understand, almost for the first time, what it would be like to be on your own, to have to make the choices of an adult.  The difference here is that the enemy is not just the alien - it is human, and the human oppression in this new world, and the ease with which it is forgotten by the oppressors, is not so distant from that in the world we inhabit.  This is a powerful series that is not only gripping and intense but also serves to highlight questions that young people on the brink of adulthood ought to be asking themselves: why do we go to war? why do some people hate others? why is there oppression? why do so few people do anything about it?  how can one young person make a difference?
B002HNAAZ8|5.0|I'd just like to say that i think Danger Danger have outdone themselves on this one, folks! With songs like \\"Hearts on the Highway, Dirty Mind, That's What I'm Talkin About, and Never Give UP,\\" you'll feel like you've been transported back to the year 1989, when MUSIC WAS ACTUALLY GOOD!!!!<br /><br />So if you're a fan of Danger Danger, or just a fan of 80's melodic rock/aor scene, do yourself a HUGE favor and pick up a copy of this cd...you WILL NOT REGRET IT! =)
B002HWRYJE|5.0|I've never really liked Star Trek, and never really got the allure. I'm a Star Wars fan, of course. However, I heard really good things about the movie, and my wife had been on a \\"Next Generation\\" kick at the time (it comes on every Monday afternoon), so I figured, what the heck, it's been so long since the last movie anyway.     This is now one of my favorite sci-fi movies. It wasn't campy and corny like the original series, the acting was great, and of course there are enough references to the old show for the true fan. I'll be buying this movie as soon as it comes out. You should too!
0375842209|5.0|This book haunts me.  Just reading its cover and a few of the reviews brings back the feelings I had when I read it earlier this year, when I forced myself to only read a few pages at a time to prolong the experience.  I am not sure how this author learned to use words like this...but it's amazing.  A definite must-read for older teens and adults.  I believe that, out of the thousands of books I've read, this is in the top 10.
B00005221M|1.0|This movie remains a great movie to pull out and watch from time to time as did I last evening and it is a shame that the DVD dishonors the real movie.Consequently, I still consider the theatrical version of the movie 5 star entertainment and I would undoubtedly give a properly remastered, theatrical release version DVD a 5 plus star rating, but my 1 star rating is intended to help further amplify how poor the quality of this DVD is and believe me I am not watching my DVDs on low end A/V equipment. So, I am joining the others who have posted regarding the quality issues of this DVD and who are spot on WRT \\"certain parts of the image appear to be `swimming' and `ghosting' where the computer has tried to restore missing picture information and where heavy noise reduction had been applied\\" and I cannot over emphasize how bad the soundtrack is. Both the Dolby 5.1 and DTS 5.1 soundtracks sound as if they were \\"DEMASTERED\\", not remastered, by first year film school undergraduates. The center channel volume is way too low and when adjusted to a reasonable listening level one is then overpowered when the other channels erupt with cannons, gunfire, etc., I'm talking window rattling here.    I am signed up to be notified when, if ever, the Blu-Ray version will become available and let's hope for the price gouging commanded by Blu-Ray that all of these issues are corrected, e.g.: The true theatrical release, high quality video image restoration and even higher quality audio restoration. What a disappointment it would be if the Blu-Ray is just a copy of the current product as has been the case with other so-called Blu-Ray releases. If a Blu-Ray version is released I would encourage Amazon to be as explicit as possible as to the quality level their customers will be getting from the Blu-Ray version.
1400049628|5.0|If you are into zombies and survival then this book is for you . I wuodl also pickup World war Z while your at it..
B0029LHW4U|5.0|So I had the opportunity to see Alice in Chains open for Tool this summer in Pomona.Two reasons why i didnt, first I hated the line up with Hollywood Undead & some others that didnt interested me,second I wasnt that thrilled that AIC had a new lead singer.I was a huge fan of AIC all through out the 90's & got to see them in 93.The show was immaculate,flawless in my eyes, still to this day I believe WOULD has the best bass intro of that genre.Yet still somewhat skeptical, I decided to pick up this new release,guess what? Its frickin awesome!,it completely sounds like AIC.Still has the heavy riffs the lyrics of isolation & resuscitation.I still think it isnt necesarily better then the original line up,But its a continuation of a band that is truly prolific.The songs are heavy but not cocky,they dont seem to care what you think,a band enjoying what they do best.they work together as a whole ,a unit -theres no mega front man superstar!So sit back ,relax ,enjoy a cold one, and listen without prejudice.
0756655730|5.0|DK has certainly made a name for itself in producing a long line of visually stunning, reference books. Prehistoric Life is a good example of a genre that DK seemed to have invented. The visuals are perfect. DK has some secret printing method that allows its pictures to be excitedly fine textured and vivid. The writing which could be quite pedestrian is well done and done at a adult level. The material is very current and original. It presented material that was totally new to me: the prototaxites on pages 114-115 which look like an eerie spike that was over 26 feet tall and could be either a plant or a fungus. I also liked that DK didn't dwell on dinosaurs (although it has a lot of material about them) but also spent time on plants and invertebrates. At 512 pages it covers a lot of territory. And at the bargain basement price it carries, if you are going to get one book about ancient life, get this book. My only quibble is that the maps showing the distribution of the continents are needlessly simplified. However, that said, I am going to give this my highest recommendation.
1439130833|5.0|This book is fanastic. The reminders are great to have and read everyday.If you want to change your life and the way you think this book I recommend to read. Thank you Rhonda.
B002MTTZ5I|4.0|When I first heard of this band I didn't know what to expect, a friend of mine told me to check this band out so I did. And I was surprised, these guys are as 80s glam as it gets and just as good as some of the bands of that era. So when the first album \\"Feel the Steel\\" was released I had to buy it. These guys don't take themselves too seriously and have a good sense of humour, if you don't stop reading and leave this page right now! \\"Feel the Steel\\" is full of sex, and references to it, after hearing this album you'll come to the conclusion it's all they do and want in their lives, no message really except metal rules. In fact in the first song Death to All But Metal they mention \\"Kill Madonna too and then f*** her in the b***\\". Even their ballads talk about sex, Community Property they say: \\"My heart belongs to you but co** is community property\\". So I'm warning you right away if you don't want to hear any of this don't read any further. That said their songs are really good and catchy, but dirty as well.<br /><br />The opener Death to All But Metal is an indication of what this album is, kick-a** metal, it's pretty much telling everyone what they think of some celebrities and about how metal is great, this is the first song I heard of the band as I watched the video for it. As good as an opener gets. Asian Hooker starts with Asian music and then this heavy riff comes in, catchy, funny and heavy is what this song is all about one of my favourite songs here. It's hilarious lines such as \\"Feels like I'm being punched in the nuts by a dude who knows tai-chi\\". Community Property is a ballad and a good one at that, it's one of the songs I listen to the most on FTS, a beautiful song, in a way. Eyes of The Panther is another great songs, pure 80s style. Far Girl (That She Blows) is another ballad; I think the title of this one says it all. Eatin' Ain't Cheatin' is the best song of the album in my opinion, catchy as hell and it's a pure 80s and has a great riff. Party All Day (F*** All Nite)'s beginning sounds like \\"Livin'On a Prayer\\" by Bon Jovi and the rest sounds like well, Bon Jovi! Catchy song again. The title obviously ripped off KISS's \\"Rock and Roll All Nite\\". Turn Out The Lights is another good song, it doesn't stand out but it's a good good song. Stripper Girl is a ballad about-you guessed it! A stripper girl! It sounds a little weird to do so but It's really good.  The Shocker is a rocker, other songs get the attention here but don't underestimate this one. The album closes with Girl From Oklahoma, a great acoustic song it's a good closer and there are interesting lyrics.<br /><br />The UK version of the album was released earlier than in America and it features two bonus songs not available on the American version. Those songs are Hell's On Fire and Big B**bs, if you like the album check out these songs they are just as good as the rest of the album.<br /><br />This is not a joke Steel Panther were around in the 1980s they nearly had a record contract and then everything failed. It's interesting how twenty years later they release their first album. It's amazing how the album has that big old 80s sound and I was surprised at how good it captured the hair metal era, now. They never did much beyond clubs and actually they still play 3 nights a week in clubs in LA but it's a good band. The band had a few name changes, like Metal Skool among others. If you're not a fan of this kind of music, don't buy it and don't listen to it that's it. If you do like the genre this is something to hear. The only thing is that Steel Panther focuses too much on doing it, it doesn't harm the music really but they seem to have this one topic only, they do great things with it but one might get annoyed after a while. I really like \\"Feel the Steel\\", it's a great album and it has some great songs I think I'll enjoy for a good while to come. Not exactly 5 stars but rather a very solid 4, check it out.** All Nite)'s beginning sounds like \\"Livin'On a Prayer\\" by Bon Jovi and the rest sounds like well, Bon Jovi! Catchy song again. The title obviously ripped off KISS's \\"Rock and Roll All Nite\\". Turn Out The Lights is another good song, it doesn't stand out but it's a good good song. Stripper Girl is a ballad about-you guessed it! A stripper girl! It sounds a little weird to do so but It's really good.  The Shocker is a rocker, other songs get the attention here but don't underestimate this one. The album closes with Girl From Oklahoma, a great acoustic song it's a good closer and there are interesting lyrics.    The UK version of the album was released earlier than in America and it features two bonus songs not available on the American version. Those songs are Hell's On Fire and Big B**bs, if you like the album check out these songs they are just as good as the rest of the album.    This is not a joke Steel Panther were around in the 1980s they nearly had a record contract and then everything failed. It's interesting how twenty years later they release their first album. It's amazing how the album has that big old 80s sound and I was surprised at how good it captured the hair metal era, now. They never did much beyond clubs and actually they still play 3 nights a week in clubs in LA but it's a good band. The band had a few name changes, like Metal Skool among others. If you're not a fan of this kind of music, don't buy it and don't listen to it that's it. If you do like the genre this is something to hear. The only thing is that Steel Panther focuses too much on doing it, it doesn't harm the music really but they seem to have this one topic only, they do great things with it but one might get annoyed after a while. I really like \\"Feel the Steel\\", it's a great album and it has some great songs I think I'll enjoy for a good while to come. Not exactly 5 stars but rather a very solid 4, check it out.
B002M2N9JI|5.0|La Roux's self titled album is a throw-back to the classic 80's pop-synth sound.  After a listen or two the catchy rhythm and beats will be stuck in your head, and you'll find yourself humming their music to yourself like I still do from time to time.  The lead singer Elly Jackson's voice drifts from ethereal, to velvet smooth, to capitalizing on the high tones she can range.  Some of my favorite tracks are: In For The Kill, Tigerlilly, Bulletproof, Colourless Colour, Cover My Eyes, Reflections Are Protection, and Armour Love.  Although I like almost all the songs on the album even the ones I didn't mention still sound great.
0316044695|5.0|The story of a four-man Navy SEAL team in the mountains of afghanistan really puts the reader into an intense tale of blood, sweat, tears, and survival. Starting off at BUDs training and ending up after the the mission, this book really shows what many military members go through on a daily basis. After reading this book, there is a part of you that will never quit, knowing that most pain is mental and if those SEALs can go though what they did, running a few miles or missing a meal isn't the end of the world at all.     This book is a MUST READ...enjoy
0452295548|3.0|I was told by a friend that this book would be a great aid to helping with my mothers stroke.  It is a very interesting book, but it deals with a stroke caused by a brain hemmorage.  My mom had a stroke due to a small blood clot that was caught very quickly.  This book is written well and as I said, was very interesting, but had very little aid for our circumstances. Even though it had a bit of technical stuff in it, it is easy to read and is written more as a biography type noval.  I recomend it to people that are interested in how our brains work or might know people that have had a brain hemmorage.
0439023483|5.0|This was a pleasant surprise after having a few duds in a row. While it certainly isn't the most original storyline (Battle Royale, The Running Man, etc...), it was a page-turner with decent characters and a lot of action.<br /><br />If you want to read a little deeper into the book there is some good commentary on class disparities as well as the nature of entertainment in society.
0316017922|5.0|The premise that Malcolm Gladwell presents in this book is that success by an individual is not necessarily self controlled.  Success by an individual is a result of several consecutive events or experiences happening in the life of an individual, that together shape the individual into one we see as successful.     The idea and supporting examples presented make for interesting reading.   Read it, and then reflect on your life. You will see that there is a lot more to your life than you thought.
0810970686|5.0|I picked up the first book just after the fourth had been released and I was pleasantly surprised!  I went back and purchased the second, then the third...and each time the book has been funnier than the last!<br /><br />I would recommend these books to anyone who remembers middle school.
B002KQ6BT6|5.0|Hey I love the book ! I thought it was a page turner ! It had some real facts that was nice to know and to look up . A lot of people griped about that but all the csi and others shows you are seeing on tv are based on a real story ! A Lot of books are being written by a  real life story ,just change in names,  towns etc !where Brown does not do .  I did not know there was a Jefferson bible till I read his book ! I did not know a lot of the places in DC he wrote about was there ! Which I plan on visting and I think it would be great to be able to see it and know some of this . The masons I knew about but I looked up some of his science I did not know about  and It was real interesting  and I order a few of there books .I like where they are comming form . I believe that its true you can focus your mind (like praying ) and it can happen ! I traveled in Mexico and met some Indians there and they teach it in there schools . I saw them use there mind to rise a foot off the ground . The also could tell you who was comming around the block as we stood because as they explained to me they can use there mind to see a block are more away . I know ,it blew my mind . But I saw it with my own two eyes and since then I have been getting into a lot of meditations and yoga . It has open my eyes more to different ways of thinking .<br />Did not mean to get of into all of this . But I loved his books . He is a very good modern writer ! Thanks Dan Brown for writing this story !
0385340575|3.0|It missed.  Not only is Jack up against terrorists, but also the FBI, CIA, EPA, DHS, and the rest of the alphabet soup in Washington, oh yes, and the NYPD to a limited extent.  Jack was more fun when he took on the bad guys that were more his size.  The plot was thin, and the motivations of the bad guys really, really weak.  I also couldn't buy that only Jack could figure out where the missing item was - while that plot line would work when there are only a small group of people involved, it fails when the aforementioned alphabet soup is involved.  That also follows through for the motivation of the characters.  A 20 year old file?  While I could believe that a small group of people could believe that the file was important, not the alphabet soup - they can recreate a significant portion of the file, if not the entire file.  Am I to believe that the file was scanned directly to the thumb drive from paper and the usual protocal of documents/reports that have to be produced forgotten so that the file could not be recreated?  Anyone who has ever dealt with the Army/Navy/Air Force/Marines/Coast Guard/ or any agency of the US Government knows that agencies live off the document trail.  It's CYA and document, document, document.  (Which fact is actually noted in the book, when a medal was awarded but with no documentation listed, which \\"alerts\\" everyone that this is the man who we are looking for, who of course, is shooting for the presidency.)    It wasn't a bad book, it surpassed \\"Nothing to Lose\\" but it still is not all the way back.
B000IOM1YQ|2.0|Not the best Alan Parsons Project album.  Dull, repetitive, particularly the title track and the reprise.  Stick to the earlier work.
0553807048|5.0|The first book was good even thou it put me to sleep after reading about getting high thirty times. This book was way better than the first one. I could actually follow it without getting confused and the story is a lot more juicy. I love it. Would read it again anytime.
B00005LOLD|5.0|\\"Sayonara\\" is a great movie!  The story is compelling, emotional & impactful.  It also has themes that will make one think.  The movie touched my heart.      I had not heard of \\"Sayonara\\" before I \\"came across it\\" on cable television.  Therefore, I assume that it is a movie that has been \\"flying under the radar.\\"  It has all of the qualities of a classic, such as \\"Rocky\\" & \\"Star Wars.\\"  However, for \\"Sayonara\\" to be considered on the same level as other classics, then people have to \\"get the word out.\\"    Marlon Brando & Miiko Taka are superb as the two main characters.  Red Buttons, Miyoshi Umeki, Patricia Owens & Ricardo Montalban are wonderful in their supporting roles.  James Garner (\\"The Great Escape\\" & \\"The Rockford Files\\") is one of my favorite actors & he complements Marlon Brando very well in a supporting role.  I highly recommend \\"Sayonara!\\"
B00171LFG4|4.0|His Band and the Street Choir was Van Morrison's third solo album proper, after the transcendent Astral Weeks and the more mainstream but undeniably brilliant Moondance. Released in late 1970, \\"His Band\\" finds Van fronting a tough but tender R and B band with blaring horns, female backing singers, taut arrangements and real dynamic flair.<br /><br />Seen by many as a slight letdown after the glories of its predecessors, \\"His Band\\" does indeed go lightly on Morrison's celtic influences, but is instead dominated by some glorious ensemble playing and proudly carries in its grooves an inspired undercurrent of New Orleans funk.<br /><br />It even includes one of Van's rare US Top Ten Hit singles - the pulsing \\"Domino\\", an ode to the R and B radio of Morrison's youth.<br /><br />The album also features the sublime \\"Call Me Up In Dreamland\\", the driving \\"I've Been Working\\", \\"I'll be Your Lover, Too\\", an introspective track reminiscent of some of his Astral Weeks work, and a soulful closing courtesy of \\"If I Ever Needed Someone\\" and the semi-title track \\"Street Choir\\".<br /><br />Sure there are some throwaways, \\"Sweet Jannie\\" among them, but this is one Van Morrison album where his love for his music and joy in its execution come shining through above all else. \\"Blue Money\\", for instance, is probably as close as Van gets to a romp over the entirety of his forty-plus year solo career.<br /><br />On \\"His Band and the Street Choir\\" Van Morrison sheds perceptions of his tortured genius and instead shines as the rhythm and blues bandleader, songwriter, and of course singer that he always was.
B001V9LPWQ|5.0|This is such a great concept.  A package deal I have blu-ray in my room and the family room.  My son has a DVD player in his room.  This is good idea to have the DVD and Blu-Ray in one.  Of course for Disney fans this is a great addition to the collection.  Timeless classic by far!  A lot of extra features on the disc and great video quality!  Highly recommend this!!!!!!
B000002B38|5.0|NO HUMAN CAN EXPLAIN WHAT YOU FEEL, WHEN LISTEN PINK FLOYD     LAST BIG SHOW OF PINK FLOYD , AND UNREACHABLE IN QUESTIONS OF QUALITY AND   VANGUARD IN AUDIO/VIDEO/LIGHT EVEN AFTER 13 YEAR´S
B0011N1WE8|3.0|Penelope is a strange romantic film. Christina Ricci and James McAvoy have wonderful chemistry but I felt letdown by this coming-of-age fantasy. The story is a bit wooden and forced, it was difficult for me not to lose interest within the first 30 minutes. Reese Witherspoon also stars and produced this film, I just love her bumble bee costume at the Halloween party - her character is funny and edgy, Reese saves this film in my opinion. Great acting but I was expecting so much more, it's a mixed bag for me.
B000001FQI|5.0|I LOVE THIS GUY´S, AND THOUSE MUSIC BECAME PART OF MY LIFE.     BY FAR THE BEST ERA OF TEARS FOR FEARS, WITH EXCELLENT MUSICIANS  AND PRODUCERS RECORDING.
B002R5V7MG|5.0|I watched this performance October 21, 2009 over KCET, the local PBS station, and found the video and audio both excellent.  Well .... maybe the audio will be a little better balanced when the DVD is released.  (Having played in an orchestra, I have my own ideas of how recordings should sound.)<br /><br />The first work was John Adams' \\"City Noir\\", a very complex work which is very difficult to play, and probably quite foreign to most people's musical experience.  The orchestra was up to the challenge, and Dudamel had certainly mastered the score.  Don't expect to fall in love with this piece the first time you hear it!  However, repeated hearings should reveal more and more of the inner voices, and I look forward to hearing it again.<br /><br />The second work was Gustave Mahler's Symphony #1, for which Dudamel has a special affinity and love.  Any Mahler lover (yes, I'm one) will have heard many different performances already.  This one is unusual -- it is over the top.  Dudamel brings some new insights, and stirs the orchestra to a fever pitch at the right moments.  And he's not afraid of slow tempos when they're appropriate.  This is a very exciting performance, and in my opinion, true to Mahler's intentions.  I place it second to none -- it's at the top of the heap of recorded performances for this masterpiece.  I just hope he records the other Mahler works on DVD!<br /><br />On the basis of this one evening of watching him and listening to the results, I placed orders on Amazon for several other DVDs with Dudamel conducting.  I don't think he's a flash in the pan.  I believe he will be one of the great conductors of the 21st century, and I feel fortunate to live in LA, where I'll be able to see him and the orchestra live.
B002KDUDG6|3.0|Michael is certainly talented and likable.  But all the cover songs just don't do it for me.  I do love \\"Haven't Met You Yet\\" however.  It's a real snappy, happy tune.  More good original stuff is what I'd like to see from this very talented young man.
0439023491|4.0|I don't think that I really need to explain what is going on in Catching Fire. It is the Sequel to The Hunger Games. After what happens in The Hunger Games, you know that there is going to be some sort of fallout after what happened in the Hunger Games. After, pretending to be in love with Peeta, she has to still pretend to be in love. She also suddenly loves Gale, when it seemed like they were only friends in The Hunger Games. Now it is Peeta or Gale, it seemed that she honestly she can't choose who.<br />That was really annoying since Katniss was so kickass and independent in The Hunger Games and now she isn't. It took a while for me to get into Catching Fire, but when I finished, I enjoyed it. The pacing of Catching Fire didn't match it's prequel. It seemed that Collins took the easy way out on writing the book and choose things that would cause the most drama.<br />Like, she would had very humanized character, but then you have President Snow, who is just pure evil. He had no emotions and didn't care about others. This really upsets me, because I honestly don't think that anyone human is that evil. Even though that I didn't love this book as much as The Hunger Games, but I will definitely read the next sequel. Since there was such a huge cliffhanger. I still enjoyed this book, even with all of it's flaws. There was still the action that I loved in The Hunger Games. I would check out the series, if you like books with a lot of twist.
0393317552|4.0|Apparently, if you can put together a couple of hundred pages arguing all races of people are equal, awards committees all over the globe are going to be tripping over themselves to give you a prize.  Jared Diamond, congratulations on the Pulitzer.  Even so, Diamond's work is readable, informative, and makes excellent arguments that the world is the way it is today because of geography, specifically, that large land areas oriented east-west, like Euro-Asia, are more likely to expand their agricultural successes, and hence their population and influence, due to there being similar climates at similar latitudes, and the serendipity of high yield plants such as wheat and domesticable animals such as oxen, occurring in some regions and not others.   And if the differences are from these environmental factors, than they certainly cannot be from race.  Had the Aborigines wondered to the Fertile Crescent and the Caucasians to Australia a few thousand years ago, then today the Aborigines would be suffering the guilt of Western Civilization while the Caucasians live happily in the Outback.  Diamond may be right, but he certainly doesn't hide the fact that, when it comes to race, he is anything but an unbiased researcher:  \\"the objection to racial explanations is not just that they are loathsome\\".  Unbiased researchers don't condemn a possible conclusion, or any conclusion, in the prologue as loathsome without tainting their objectivity and undermining their obligation to follow the facts wherever they may lead.  Worse yet, while he asserts that all races are about equal, just subject to geography and serendipity, he can't help but to commit the same loathsome act he himself condemns by claiming New Guineans are of \\"superior intelligence.\\"  This aside, Guns, Germs, and Steel offers a fascinating look at the last fifty thousand years of brutal conquests by the technologically superior societies over the less advanced with genuine insights into the underlying reasons that madeit possible.
B002I9Z89Y|4.0|This is one of the best blu-rays you can buy. I enjoyed the disc quality and of course the show itself. The only complaint I have is the 1080 up-convert of the excellent Star Trek: DS9 episode \\"Trials and Tribble-ations\\". Although I understand the limits of this episode being produced at 480p resolution I feel Paramount could have produced a better up-conversion to 1080p. It appears to me that it is actually a 1080i conversion. Way to many jagged lines appear. Of course if Paramount were smarter they would have completely remastered this episode as well. It would have been a excellent way to test the response of the buying public. But everything else on the set is great. I grew up watching Star Trek and this is a most own set.
B002NUULNG|5.0|Bought this at Best Buy, apparently it was out early. The 2.0 version looks great, but the CG (especially the CG major at the begining) loses some of the charm. Fortunatly, the original 1995 version is included as a bonus feature.
1881273156|5.0|This book is amazing!  We received it as a wedding gift, and have since bought a copy for each of our friends getting married. You'll have so many \\"ah-ha\\" moments it's ridiculous!
B001CTDH4Y|5.0|This is a great movie for both kids and adults.  Our friends named their Chihuahuas \\"Pookie & Snookie\\". After they watched the movie, they realized that their little lapdogs can be very brave, and don't deserve such cute, but demeaning names.  They did not rename them however, and they remain to this day Pookie & Snookie :)
B002MW50KO|5.0|This album is a whole lot better than I anticipated. It is genuine and heartfelt.
B002R0EIXG|5.0|So sad... the world thought his carreer was over and just when he was about to prove the whole world wrong it turned out that... well... This was it. And as with many stars Michael Jackson's popularity peeked after his death making him even bigger than ever. I guess that's what makes a \\"Legacy\\", popularity beyond belief.<br /><br />Sure this (ia it) will all be milked out with compilation CD's, LP's, theatrical cut DVD, director's cut DVD, extended edition DVD, books, boxsets etc. but no one forces you to buy it.<br /><br />The movie will only be in theatres for 2 weeks so I'm hoping for a DVD / Blu-Ray release in time for a Magical Michael Christmas.<br /><br />I'm VERY looking forward to have this on blu-ray to let Michael's star shine again and again whenever I want to !
B0029O08WA|5.0|Let me first say this -- I have two young children and for a while was only listening to soundtracks from Camp Rock, High School Musicals (which are not bad but one begins to get out of the loop with great \\"grown-up\\" music)and traditional children's songs.  SO, with that said, I loved being introduced to artists I have never heard of before...the Twilight soundtrack did just that(Muse, Mute Math, Paramore, etc). The New Moon soundtrack does just the same for me. (Lykke Yi, Death Cab for Cutie, Hurricane Bells, & Sea Wolf).  Initially, I was a little put off by the new soundtrack because I was expecting similar sounds from the first soundtrack but after I listened to the cd a few times, I started to fall in love with all the songs.
0743437497|5.0|I know how many reviews are already here so I just want to say I am a big fan of Mr. King.  He has given me so many hours of great reading and I just wanted to say so.
0385504225|4.0|I have read all of Dan Brown's books and really enjoyed them. I just finished The lost Symbol and sat on the edge of my seat for most of the book.For anyone wanting to be entertained and be left with the \\"what if\\" thought, I highly recommend it.
141654917X|2.0|Very interesting premise that will gain more relevance as we go further into the future. Unfortunately, totally marred by writer's rehearsed, un-spontaneous narrative that fed us sugar coated metaphors where none were needed. None of the characters ever get angry, disenchanted, frustrated and just plain old MEAN in the face of such a tragedy presented to them. That is not natural. Everyone knows that anger is a part of grieving process, but all of them seem to drift in the romantic mood musing about stars, fire, rain, zodiac and Greek mythology. Even if I give it lots of space in terms that everyone copes the way they best can, still none of them sounds human faced with such a tragedy. As if this is not enough- the end just totally enraged me. Oh, faith! How thee trickest us all! Again, interesting premise to contemplate on your own, weak book to draw you to any relevant conclusions.
B0002A2WDQ|5.0|this is a most awesome movie.  Ralph Macchio finally gets away from his Karate Kid persona.  If you are into guitar rifts, you will love it!  Any time someone beats down the devil, it's divine!
0671027573|4.0|Linda Howard is such a wonderful writer and this book is a masterpiece.  It is on my best book list right along with Cry no More.  I love the friends introduced into this story because we girls all have good friends.  Linda Howard wright's sex better then anyone and I live her for that.
159102594X|4.0|I'll start by saying that this trilogy is not for kids...it's brutal, dark, vulgar and has no shame in pulling out the very most painful weaknesses a human could have, only to put it on the forefront. No reading between the lines here.<br />I'll be brief with my reviews of the individual books.<br /><br />SOME SPOILERS<br /><br />The Blade itself:<br />It was amazing...for a first novel. I could only wish that my first book was as well written and put together as this one. Joe has a way of describing settings, characters and events that demands respect. On that note, I have something to say about his character development, but I'll mention that in a minute.<br />I'll have to say that I felt some of the events were a bit choppy at first. Some of the main characters were not physically described until later in the story, and by then I already had a different idea of what they looked like. Or, something will be mentioned half way through the book, and you assume that either you missed something earlier about that, or that he just wasn't clear...either way, I'll give him the benefit of the doubt.<br />What did blow me away was how he distinguished characters by the style of writing. Each time he follows the point of view of one of his characters, he changes the style of writing so it'll match that characters personal traits, cultural background and way of thinking. When he makes the switch, you are in that persons head - completely. I've read other novels, that have done this, but not to the extent or quality that Joe has brought it here.<br /><br />Before They Are Hanged<br />Alright, I don't know about this one. Some of my favorite things came out of it...but some of my least favorite as well. I have to mention the character development though. Absolutely amazing. What I though was a complete flaw in the first book ended up being an incredible set up for the second. By the end of the Blade Itself, none of the characters have made any development at all. The jerk is still the jerk. The killer, still the killer and the sarcastic, bitter and impatient grump is still just that. You go from beginning to end expecting more, but never get it. What a let down, right? Well, that's what I believed until I got into this second volume. This is where the development really begins. And here's were the brilliance shines through. By this time in the story, you know the characters so well (remember I mentioned his skill at description) that when events unfold, you as the observer think you already know what they are going to do about it...but then they don't. And that's when Joe takes you for a real ride around his block. The chance for changes have passed! How dare he start to unravel the characters at the point we thought we knew them? Holy cow, it...is...so...well put together at this point. I'll leave it at that.<br />What I must say disappointed me was the story development. Mostly because it leaves you hanging. But not in a way that says 'Okay, yeah! Let's go for the next one!' but more something to the effect of 'Okay...so...what was the point? I guess I'll read the next one to find out what's next, then.' I can't explain without spoiling, but really, if you get to the end of the second book, you just are asking yourself what the heck is going on. Not necessarily in the best way.<br /><br />Last Argument of Kings<br />The best one, or just the climax? Mmmm, probably a bit of both. An issue I do have though, is the fact that by the end of this book, he still hasn't answered my question from book two, which was 'What is the point of half of what just happened.' I assume that ignorance was the answer. Ignorance on behalf of the characters, but really...if that was it, than whatever. Not impressed. But a few highlights here are the other answers and the ending. Both go together really. By the time you get to the end of the of the series, you realize that he gave everybody either what they wanted or what they deserved. But never what made themhappy! He makes the reader realize that those who ended up as kings, those who got vengeance, those who made the changes they believed they needed to make, or even those who were just fighting for what they felt was right, never really got what they thought they would. Or hoped they would.<br />This would seem like a slap in the face if you took it literally. But in the end, this set of characters where such a wreck in the first place that there was no way they could have ended up happy anyway, even though you really hoped they could have. And perhaps they might have had that chance, but they never chose correctly and that was the problem<br />As a matter of fact, that was another thing about the novels. He is extremely good at showing the reader human weakness, and that - yes, it sucks, but - we all have more of them than we would like. But maybe he takes it too far. Looking back, I can only count maybe 2 or three characters in the entire trilogy - side characters included - who were genuinely decent people. Everybody else wore their weakness on their sleeves and that got old at some points...but that was he wanted to point out.<br /><br />The First Law was a great trilogy, despite my issues I've mentioned. He took a genre and turned it completely around, never giving you the knight in shining armor or the good humored protagonist who was always at the right place at the right time to save the day. No damsels, no true heroes...only your average guys who do what they do cause they're all the world has got.<br />He left some loose ends open...guess I'll be reading his new novel, Best Served Cold, to see what's coming next.<br />4/5 stars Overall<br /><br />[...]<br />Thank you :)ed up as kings, those who got vengeance, those who made the changes they believed they needed to make, or even those who were just fighting for what they felt was right, never really got what they thought they would. Or hoped they would.   This would seem like a slap in the face if you took it literally. But in the end, this set of characters where such a wreck in the first place that there was no way they could have ended up happy anyway, even though you really hoped they could have. And perhaps they might have had that chance, but they never chose correctly and that was the problem  As a matter of fact, that was another thing about the novels. He is extremely good at showing the reader human weakness, and that - yes, it sucks, but - we all have more of them than we would like. But maybe he takes it too far. Looking back, I can only count maybe 2 or three characters in the entire trilogy - side characters included - who were genuinely decent people. Everybody else wore their weakness on their sleeves and that got old at some points...but that was he wanted to point out.      The First Law was a great trilogy, despite my issues I've mentioned. He took a genre and turned it completely around, never giving you the knight in shining armor or the good humored protagonist who was always at the right place at the right time to save the day. No damsels, no true heroes...only your average guys who do what they do cause they're all the world has got.   He left some loose ends open...guess I'll be reading his new novel, Best Served Cold, to see what's coming next.  4/5 stars Overall    [...]  Thank you :)
B002R5V7MG|5.0|I've just seen and heard via local public TV (PBS: Great Performances) the Mahler First Symphony in D Major played by the Los Angeles Philharmonic under the baton of their new music director, Gustavo Dudamel, in his inaugural concert.  Clearly, the Philharmonic saw this as an historic event: it chose to perform the Mahler Symphony in the 100th anniversary year of its first US performance (December 1909, New York Philharmonic, Mahler conducting).  For me, however, there was a bit of skepticism.  Having heard some hyperventilated ballyhoo about Mr. Dudamel and having also read a few less favorable assessments of his orchestral leadership, I began listening with the queasy feeling I was about to be let down.<br /><br />It wasn't long, though, before I was quite deeply under the spell woven by Mahler, the Phil, and Mr. Dudamel. As time went on I became ever more impressed with the whole musical experience.  To be sure, it wasn't the easiest show to put on.  Mahler was a composer of more than usual complexity and rife with internal conflicts, such that even the most seasoned interpreter might very well go astray.  How then should such a young conductor (28), still new to his orchestra, pull off this demanding feat?  And yet he did, I believe, from the opening pseudo-pastorale, through the scherzo-cum-l&auml;ndler and the mock funeral march, and on to the powerful finale wherein the whole French horn section--obedient to Mahler's instruction--stood up to blare out their triumphal message.  (I counted only five of the seven horns the score calls for; perhaps two were offstage.)<br /><br />With Mahler, it turns out, nothing is quite what it seems to be.  Even the cuckoo in the first movement gets his notes wrong, singing a fourth instead of a third, and in a most insistent way.  The second movement, called a scherzo, seems at times to be almost a typical Austrian l&auml;ndler (country dance)--but with a less-than-dancelike trio.  The \\"funeral march\\" seems to begin with somesolemnity, but its tune is a children's round (Bruder Martin) soon offset with klezmerlike popular dance motifs.  Not until the last part of the last movement do all these centrifugal elements become subsumed in a grand reconciliation in the original D Major tonality not heard since the beginning. The beauty, lushness, and exquisite polish of Mahler's music are traps for the unwary, the sublime masking the ridiculous.  Not until Shostakovich does such a brilliant symphonic satirist and parodist appear again, I suspect.<br /><br />Mr. Dudamel, born to musical parents in Barquisimeto, Venezuela, on January 26, 1981, got an early start in \\"the system,\\" through which young Venezuelans--otherwise perhaps tempted into less savory pastimes--are given musical instruction and thus inducted into constructive activities in wholesome social groups.  Dudamel joined one such group--the Sim&oacute;n Bol&iacute;var Youth Symphony Orchestra--as a violinist and became its conductor at age 18).  Later he conducted that orchestra in a performance of Mahler's Fifth Symphony now available as a CD on this website.  In 2004 he won the Mahler Conducting Competition in Germany, which accompanies a good number of other honors and awards to his credit.<br /><br />Dudamel seems to have good rapport with the LA Phil: he treats the players--several greatly his senior--with respect and appreciation, and they seem to respond in the same terms.  His joy and enthusiasm for music-making seem to be contagious, widely infecting the talented players of the Phil, who outdid themselves in brilliance and polish throughout this inaugural performance, which Dudamel conducted without a score, but with confidence, conviction, sensitivity, and dynamism.<br /><br />The resulting performance was surely a success for all.  I found it fully enjoyable, interesting, exciting, and musically satisfying, with nothing noticeably amiss or lacking.  Indeed,  I don't believe I've ever heard the Mahler First sounding so fresh and coherent before.  Hooray!<br /><br />It looks like the beginning of a beautiful relationship between Dudamel and the LA Philharmonic, one which will bless music-lovers not only in the City of Angels, but everywhere!<br /><br />I recommend the Mahler First with enthusiasm.  (Not having heard the other items in this concert, I'll have to remain tacit on them.)
0316044938|1.0|The problem with this story is that none of the characters are likable -- they're all passive and largely react when things happen to them. They don't have goals, and they don't have obstacles to overcome to meet those goals. The main character \\"watches\\" her family and friends the entire book, as if she was watching TV. She doesn't explore her heaven, she never really tries to help or connect with anyone living, etc. Perhaps I'm too picky -- I demand tension, excitement, and intelligence. Not here.
0765348276|5.0|This book (and its sequels) all owe a lot to Heinlein. In this case, it's \\"Starship Troopers\\" (with large leavening of Haldeman's \\"Forever War\\") -- but  with a personalized touch from Scalzi that keeps, and his other books, from being mere pastiches). Highly entertaining (and thoughtful) space war/opera. While I've come relatively late to following Scalzi's work, I'd recommend it to anyone without question.
1416594787|5.0|With humor and eloquence Richard Dawkins newest book reviews the evidence for evolution and demonstrates that Creationists suffer from poverty of imagination. He walks the reader through the various types of evidence that have supported the theory of evolution. In doing this I was struck by the sheer idiocy of many public school officials who \\"down-play\\" teaching the theory and thus keep students shrouded in ignorance.<br /><br />While Dawkins book (and the theory itself) in no way limit exploring the evolution of consciousness, they both help us understand the structure of life and that understanding takes time and effort. This is a key point and where learning about evolution requires dedication to learning. This is not a prized virtue in America and I think the lazy retreat to Creationism is one symptom of that laziness. I wish I'd read this before \\"Evolution: The First Four Billion Years\\" as Dawkins really does a great job teaching.
0752864327|5.0|\\"Spellbinding and \\"Compelling\\" seem so overused but they truly apply to this book.<br />It came promptly and  in great condition. If it's not new I cannot tell.
B000001FKY|5.0|Loads of chart-topping songs on this album, plus more good tracks that most people aren't even familiar with.  It is still a great album even after 20+ years.
B000063DFN|5.0|This is literally about the 15th copy I've had of Powerslave over the years, as I've either worn out or lost the other ones. This is classic Maiden at it's best. The remix is awesome. Buy it.  MAIDEN RULES
B000AD1QGE|5.0|Hal Holbrook narrates the two-hour documentary that traces the history of the development and deployment of the world's Dreadnought-design battleships.<br /><br />Leading off with the dramatic appearance of the Missouri and Wisconsin off the shores of Kuwait in Desert Storm, then diverting to the resting place of the USS Arizona, an old ship when she was sunk on the morning of December 7th, 1941 at Pearl Harbor, you are taken on a journey through the development and deployment of these powerful warships.<br /><br />These ships were the floating seagoing equivalent of armored tanks.  The four ships of the Iowa class, the Iowa, New Jersey, Missouri, and Wisconsin, were the fastest, most graceful and most powerful armored battelships the United States Navy ever put to sea.<br /><br />Follow the great Battleships of the world through the years when they were the ultimate weapon of their day.  The men who served on these were their Navys' best.<br /><br />They each carry a proud legacy all their own.
B000002KB8|5.0|This is a perfect Sabbath album, and I think it's their best. It still has that bluesy feel to it. I call it \\"Evil Blues.\\" Worth every penny.
B001FB4W0W|1.0|I find myself fast forwarding through all the jason and tara parts so I can see the sookie and bill parts.  Don't waste your money.  The books are so much better.
0307454541|4.0|This Swedish bestseller, more aptly titled \\"Men Who Hate Women\\" in Swedish, is not really about the girl with the dragon tattoo.  It's a dark murder mystery involving misogyny, international finance, Asberger Syndrome, power politics and vanity.  It takes a hundred pages or so before it takes off, but once it starts going it engages the reader on a totally-believable roller coaster of detection and subterfuge.  The late author indulges in some odd distractions -- references to real books, complete technical descriptions of computer hardware and software, overly specific character and place descriptions -- but the overall effect is not unpleasant.<br /><br />In fact, it's a rip-snorting read for mature readers not shocked by violence, venality, perversion and black heartedness.  The people and events Larsson creates walk right out of the pages (I understand a filmed version of the Millennium Trilogy is in production!)
0679422714|1.0|This is just a book with a lot of subjective opinions and anecdotal hearsays rather than historical facts. The author's bias and desire to shock an audience in order to maximize the sale is clearly reflected in the book.    A trash rather than an investigative journalism.    This is so different from the author's classical book on Swan. I guess the need to make more money got over her
075640407X|5.0|Totally worth all the sleep I lost so I could stay up and keep reading!
B002Q8Z8KG|4.0|[[ASIN:B001331KHA Pilot]]  This episode was funny. I think the cliche's are right on what you expect from this type of blended family. I would watch it to see what else this comedy came up with.
B001PKHS68|5.0|XXXXX<br /><br />\\"Is it true, or just a rumour--that John Robie, a former cat burglar of Paris before the war [World War II], is once again on the prowl?  Fashionable resorts on the Riviera are being regularly looted by a skilful jewel thief.  Robie, once a hero in the French Resistance Army, was said to have reformed--however, the style of this new crime wave is certainly his.\\"<br /><br />The above is a close-up of a newspaper article found in this movie that happens to explain its entire premise.  John Robie (Cary Grant), nicknamed \\"The Cat,\\" is thought to be on the prowl again after a lengthy absence.  Problem is he hasn't \\"stolen a piece of jewellery in 15 years.\\"<br /><br />Robie's self-chosen mission:  to catch this imitator, this copy-cat.  In order to do this, he \\"unofficially\\" enlists the aid of an insurance agent (John Williams) and a rich, widower (Jessie Royce Landis) & her daughter (Grace Kelly).  Along the way, Robie becomes romantically involved with the daughter.<br /><br />This movie (a romantic thriller) is based on the novel \\"To Catch a Thief\\" (1952) by David Dodge.  It was directed by the \\"master of suspense,\\" Alfred Hitchcock.  It would be Grace Kelly's third and final film for Hitchcock (as she was to become a real princess shortly after).<br /><br />This movie is filled with witty dialogue.  Here's an example just after some jewels have again been stolen on the French Riviera and the thief is again thought to be John Robie by a French woman Robie is talking to:<br /><br />French woman: \\"Last night you steal a small fortune, and today you lie on the beach with an American beauty [the rich widower`s daughter].\\"<br /><br />Robie: \\"Well, that's why one needs a small fortune.\\"<br /><br />The acting is fantastic with Grant Cary (whose birth name was Archie Leach) being debonair, charismatic, and charming.  Grace Kelly (being 25 years younger than Grant) holds her own with Grant.  Despite the age difference, there was a definite chemistry between Grant and Kelly that comes through on the screen.  I also liked the performances by John Williams and Jessie Royce Landis.  (Note that by the end of this movie, it seems that Robie (as played by Grant) might become the son-in-law of  the rich widower (as played by Landis).  Landis was only seven years older than Grant.)<br /><br />There are also some French actors that appear in this movie.  Many seem to be uncomfortable speaking English.  There is one exception though.  The French actress (Brigitte Auber), whose character (she's the French woman alluded to in the witty dialogue above) is integral to the plot, gives a good performance.  (This was a rare occurrence for her to be appearing in an English movie.)<br /><br />Look for Hitchcock's customary cameo which appears at about nine minutes into the movie.<br /><br />The cinematography is in a word--magnificent.  You can't go wrong when you have the French Riviera (known as the Cote D'Azur in France) in the background.  The colour of this movie is beautiful.  It was filmed in VistaVision.  If you have a large widescreen television to view this movie, then you're in for an incredible experience,  (I also envy you.)<br /><br />The DVD itself (the \\"Centennial Edition\\" released in 2009) is perfect in picture and sound quality.  Altogether there are eleven interesting extras.<br /><br />You might be interested to know that there was a television series in the mid-sixties entitled \\"T.H.E. Cat.\\"<br /><br />Finally, my only problem concerns the disc's English subtitles.  There is some French spoken in the movie.  Now the French actors do a good job through their movements and expressions of conveying what is said.  However, I would have appreciated that their spoken French be translated by the English subtitles.  (Note that the first words Cary Grant speaks are in French.)<br /><br />In conclusion, there are movies that are said to be \\"classics.\\"  Watch this movie to see for yourself why it is a true classic!!<br /><br />(1955;  1 hr, 45 min; 18 scenes;  2 discs;  widescreen)<br /><br />&lt;&lt;Stephen Pletko, London, Ontario, Canada>><br /><br />XXXXX5;  1 hr, 45 min; 18 scenes;  2 discs;  widescreen)<br /><br />&lt;&lt;Stephen Pletko, London, Ontario, Canada>><br /><br />XXXXX
190669415X|4.0|The second in the series of three by the late Swedish author.  This focuses on Lisbeth Salander, the odd but brilliant computer whiz and part-time misanthrope!  A good read, lengthy, but compelling.
B0000TG9E2|5.0|Watched when I was a teenager.  Watched it again with my 7 year old boy.  We both enjoyed it.
B00003CXI1|4.0|The first film adaptation of J.K. Rowling's popular books. I like it but it feels overly long. In one of the few movies with a primarily young cast that actually have brilliant performances, each capturing the essence of the characters from the books. The leads are definitely the highlights of the film and have continued to get better. What helps I think is that they're surrounded by vetern actors Richard Harris, Maggie Smith, Alan Rickman, Robbie Coltrane, Julie Walters etc. much like Christopher Reeve was in the first Superman. My main complaint on what keeps this from getting a full five stars is that the director is trying to literally adapt the book. True there are sections and characters missing like Peeves the Poltergeist, the sub-plot of Ron (or someone else, I can't remember exactly who right now) telling Neville to stand up for himself (which would explain why he stands up to the threesome near the end but I guess not wanting his house to lose anymore points is a good enough reason) and the midnight duel with Malfoy, which in the book, leads Harry and the others to Fluffy, not walking in there by mistake after the staircase changes. But some scenes could've been trimmed. The Quidditch scene, Harry and Ron being late for Transfiguration and the goblins scene in Gringotts. I think they could've just cut to Harry and Hagrid arriving at his vault after Hagrid points and tells Harry about the wizarding bank but then again that's just my opinion. John Williams provides the music again and its good but I think its not up to his usual quality like the other films of his I've reviewed. I know he's going for the fantasy aspect in some cues but I just don't like it. Even the actions sequences feel boring. And is it just me or, besides the scene in the reptile house, does Harry not perform any magic in this movie?
0385504225|2.0|I loved his previous work, but this was formulaic and predictable and the ending (the big secret) is ridiculous.
0446618306|3.0|I really loved the relationship between Savannah and John, but I felt that the end of the story was only written to be dramatic.  I'm sure similar stories have happened in real life with real soldiers, but I was hoping for a much happier ending.  This summary has spoilers for those of you who plan to watch the movie Dear John (coming out soon).  I'm sure the acting will be awesome in the film, but the book was way too drawn out.  Savannah decides that she can no longer wait for John when he reups back into the army after Sept. 11.  Her heart breaks every day that he is gone and she has no idea if he'll come back.  JUST before his career ends with the army (he becomes an army lifer because he doesn't know what else to do with himself), she marries a friend that she grew up with.  She writes John the titled letter that ends the relationship and saying she'll understand if he never wants to speak to her again.  She also lives with guilt the whole time she's married before he comes home to say his official goodbye from her life.  John comes home to bury his father (so sad) and goes to see her once more.  The chemistry is still there and they get closure to the relationship.  He still loves her and she still loves him, but now she's married.  Her husband is dying of cancer and they have very little money to finance his medical help.  She's been married less than two years and thinks he might die.  The husband tells John to take care of her after he dies and that's that.  John cashes in his dad's coin collection that was left to him and sends all of the money anonymously to finance the husband's bills.  The husband makes a full recovery with an experimental drug and goes on to live with Savannah happily ever after. Meanwhile John is watching in the distance making sure she is happy with the life she chose away from him.  He did the right thing by letting her go, but I couldn't help thinking that he would never go on with his life and he reminded me of a stalker the way he watched her at the end.  I was glad that John wasn't killed in battle and it was awesome that he got to see her once more before leaving her for good, but Savannah couldn't make up her mind of her feelings between her husband and John.  That to me seemed out of character for this woman and ridiculous.  I also don't think she married for the right reasons if she held guilt.  That's not something you enter a marriage with....but again she was inlove with an army soldier and she had no idea if he would live or die from one day to the next.  I can't relate to that either.  The emotions displayed in this book didn't hit me as strongly as I expected them to, instead of feeling sad or touched I only felt annoyed at the end of this story.watched her at the end.  I was glad that John wasn't killed in battle and it was awesome that he got to see her once more before leaving her for good, but Savannah couldn't make up her mind of her feelings between her husband and John.  That to me seemed out of character for this woman and ridiculous.  I also don't think she married for the right reasons if she held guilt.  That's not something you enter a marriage with....but again she was inlove with an army soldier and she had no idea if he would live or die from one day to the next.  I can't relate to that either.  The emotions displayed in this book didn't hit me as strongly as I expected them to, instead of feeling sad or touched I only felt annoyed at the end of this story.
0385341008|4.0|I loved this book.  Every character was so unique and fun.  The format of a story through letters was different and clever.  We often say more in letters than we would otherwise so we really got to KNOW each character's depth (and quirks).
B0021L8UXU|2.0|It's the classic red line of most movies: starts of good and then lands flat. I was bored as hell after 20 minutes and never really cared what happened after that. Maybe because nothing happened.   The end scenes at the amusement park was just so silly and felt like something out of a budget teenage tv-series. The zombies weren't cool and no one was ever chased in that thrilling sort of way which makes your pulse go up, like in the superb movie Dawn of the Dead. I liked the actors but the story and the drama was just a big sleeping pill..
B001QXE0OC|5.0|I was very happy with this cd.  I thought the message behind her music choice was excellent for young girls.
0743298039|1.0|This was one of the most boring books that I have ever read.  There was an over abundance of details that I thought had no relevance to the story itself.  I would definitely not recommend this book to anyone, because I could not get into it.  Boooooring!!!
0316035904|5.0|Holidays on Ice is a timely book and would be a great Christmas gift to someone who is in need of a good chuckle. The author, David Sedaris, pokes fun at his dysfunctional family and the way he has resolved this issue by stumbling through is own life, finding humor at every turn. I hope you can find time to read this most enjoyable novel.
B002MW50KO|5.0|There's no point beating around the holly bush -- this is one of the greatest Christmas albums of all time.  The only one that even comes close to topping it is Luciano Pavarotti's \\"O Holy Night\\", which is also sung from the heart, with the same faith, commitment and joy Dylan brings to the proceedings here.  Not a trace of irony anywhere -- when Dylan evokes the sounds of Christmas albums past, he does so with admiration and love.  The album made me laugh out loud, and brought more than a few tears to my eyes, and left me feeling that Christmas might still have a little meaning left in it, if only in the heart.
B001GJOL22|2.0|Great band, great performance, great music!  All are wasted under a very very overcompressed audio mix...which may be why the bass sounds so thin.  No actual dynamic range, everything is way loud...all the same volume...sucks the life and emotion out of the music.  Might as well have used MP3 for mastering.  DTS Master Audio...what a waste of MA!  Rating would be 4 or 5 stars with a good mix.
B0000E6XH3|5.0|Came as described, case was a little damaged but not a big deal. Love the movie.     -Thanks
0786939532|5.0|For years I had contented myself with the sometimes boring Star Wars books. Then, I found a book by R.A. Salvatore.  I decided I had to have more of this amazing author.That is what has led me to this supreme story of a dark elf who hates his evil ways and has to escape it. From the first word to the last, it is an edge-of-the-seat story. I look forward to reading the rest of R.A. Salvatore's THE LEGEND OF DRIZZT.
0446560065|4.0|Very easy going, creative and non pretentious comics approach. What you see in Youtube is what you get in the book.
1592289444|4.0|A classic adventure story, a tale of endurance and survival, The Long Walk is the story of a Polish officer who escaped from a Siberian Gulag and walked to India.<br /><br />Whilst doing research for this review, I discovered that another man claimed that Rawicz had stolen his story. Witold Glinski says that the events in The Long Walk actually happened to him. Glinski claims Rawicz read an account of his voyage in the Polish embassy in London, and based the book on that recollection. In retrospect, this explains the curious character of the book. The book is incredible, but too incredible to be fake. There is just something about the book that rings true. But nonetheless, the book has a dreamy character, with strange bits that probably are the result of Rawicz making things up that he didn't really know. Reading Glinski's account makes much more sense of the things that happened, the flow is better, and nothing seems out of place.<br /><br />Accusations had been leveled against Rawicz from the moment the book was published, but the BBC discovered evidence that Rawicz was in fact serving with the Polish Army after being released from the gulag during the time the events in the book occurred.<br /><br />Despite all that, I liked this book. Given that it does seem to be based upon true events, it is still worth a read, even if it wasn't Rawicz who actually walked to India. There are a couple interesting things in the book that I noted. One thing that came to mind only because I am reading The Science of Conjecture by James Franklin, is the Soviets had a strange insistence upon obtaining confessions. Rawicz/Glinsky spent several months in the Lubyanka prison while the NKVD was attempting to obtain his confession. In retrospect, this seems strange. Why bother? There was not really any danger of a popular uprising in the WWII period, they did not need to obtain confessions.<br /><br />However, going back to the 10th century in Continental Law, there was a preference for confession above all other forms of proof in legal cases, due to the difficulty of interpretation of other kinds of evidence. Confession was felt to be unambiguous in ways that other kinds of testimony were not, primarily for religious reasons. This struck me as funny, in a perverse way, that the Soviets insisted on confessions for their show trials when the ultimate reason for doing so traces back to the Torah.<br /><br />This book is also excellent for the sense of the vast emptiness it effectively creates. Central Asia has a whole lotta nothing going on, and this book will make that impression stick in your mind. Unlike most reviewers who either like it because they think it is true, or hate it because they think it is a hoax, I think this book is worth a read even though it is demonstrably a hoax, because it is nonetheless tied to real events, and it can give you an interesting view of the Soviet Union from the WWII period.of proof in legal cases, due to the difficulty of interpretation of other kinds of evidence. Confession was felt to be unambiguous in ways that other kinds of testimony were not, primarily for religious reasons. This struck me as funny, in a perverse way, that the Soviets insisted on confessions for their show trials when the ultimate reason for doing so traces back to the Torah.    This book is also excellent for the sense of the vast emptiness it effectively creates. Central Asia has a whole lotta nothing going on, and this book will make that impression stick in your mind. Unlike most reviewers who either like it because they think it is true, or hate it because they think it is a hoax, I think this book is worth a read even though it is demonstrably a hoax, because it is nonetheless tied to real events, and it can give you an interesting view of the Soviet Union from the WWII period.
B0013BNY2Q|5.0|I love REM. And after listening to this CD a few times, I still love them! It did take about 3 plays for me to catch onto it, but I do not have to skip any songs. I have been listening to it for about a week non-stop in my car. Every song (in my opinion) is catchy. If you enjoy REM you will most likely enjoy this CD.
B002GZQYMK|5.0|I am completely hooked on this album.  This album converted me into a huge Muse fan (now I am picking up all of their older stuff too.  These guys are gonna be the next U2.  Top their incredible music with lyrics that have depth and meaning.  CHECK THIS CD OUT!
0061562408|5.0|I could not put this book down.  Read it in one night!  Loved it and will now share it with other family members.
0385341008|5.0|I just loved this book and I highly recommend it to anyone wanting a good laugh, a good cry, and to learn more than you would realize about English life during World War II.
B000UD08HC|5.0|Outstanding DVD with amazing audio and video quality. The light show itself deserves the highest ratings. I was introduced to this performance by a link to YouTube and decided the entire program needed to be seen. I found the DVD on Amazon with the only copy available in Australia. Unfortunately after ordering and receiving I found out that there are different codings for regions of the world. I could not get the DVD to play on my DVD player even though it would play on my laptop. The Australian company, Hear and Now Entertainment, was kind enough to allow me to return the DVD and refunded the purchase price, shipping and handling. A big thanks to Hear and Now for their customer service. Now my search begins for a replacement that will function properly in my DVD player since I can't imagine not having this program in my collection.
B001H122N4|5.0|For those young and old that loved Pink Floyd and the great talent that was assembled to make this group, you will absolutely love this musical video. Two of the original members David Gilmour and Richard Wright(since deceased) took part in this concert. The quality of both the video and the music were superb. Listening to Gilmours unbelievable guitar licks and Wrights space rock keyboard sounds evoked all the fantasy that I felt many years ago. Since I received it a month ago I have watched it 5 times and will continue to watch it. A month has not gone by since the late 60's that I have not listened to a song or more by PF.
B000002U9Y|4.0|Released in 1968, A SAUCER FULL OF SECRETS was Pink Floyd's second album, following up on their debut [[ASIN:B000T05R90 The Piper at the Gates of Dawn]] which appeared the year before. The band's lineup was in flux, as the original guitarist and songwriter Syd Barrett had gone mad and would soon be gone entirely, while David Gilmour came on to replace him. This substitution had a great impact on the band's sound. Barrett's songwriting veered between little ditties of childlike innocence and spaced-out paeans to the glory of the cosmos. As his role in the band was diminished, Pink Floyd lost that whimsical side and came to focus exclusively on complex psychedelia.<br /><br />The opening track, \\"Let There Be More Light\\", displays in one swoop their new confidence, as Roger Water's vocals marveling at \\"Lucy in the sky\\" float over Gilmour's guitar virtuosity, which gets its own solo towards the end. \\"Remember a Day\\" and \\"Set the Controls for the Heart of the Sun\\" follow in much the same vein. Curiously, though these songs have some action to them and, of course, you are free to play them as loud as you wish, they yet maintain a feeling of low dynamic and mystery to them.<br /><br />\\"Corporal Clegg\\" is the only real bum track on the album, a portrait of an eccentric figure with lyrics and vocals that seem out of place, though the instrumental performances are fine. \\"A Saucerful of Secrets\\" is a lengthy jam (11 minutes long) anchored in Richard Wright's synthesizer, a sort of sequel to \\"Interstellar Overdrive\\" on PIPER. \\"See Saw\\" is nearly as pop as \\"Corporal Clegg\\", but manages to remain rooted in the band's new trippy style. The album closer \\"Jugband Blues\\" is a Barrett solo track, which is completely out of phase with the rest of the album but a surprisingly appropriate epilogue.<br /><br />I think A SAUCER FULL OF SECRETS is even better than the band's first album, as I was never really passionate about those Barrett tunes on PIPER that were more overtly pop. I'd recommend it to anyone who enjoys psychedelia.njoys psychedelia.
B00168ML1G|5.0|If you liked the movie, then get this.  Didn't fin anything extra special on the features.
B000065V42|5.0|These are the kind of movies kids and young teens need to watch growing up these days. I was raised watching movies like this and eventhough I'm 25 i still enjoy them. Now that i have a niece and nephew, I hope to watch these movies with them one day.
1587613379|1.0|First, a little background: I have recently started wondering if I might be polyamorous, and have been looking everywhere for a good source of information. A few sites that I've visited recommended this book highly, and the reviews here seemed pretty positive, so I took the leap and bought it. Bad idea.    The book starts with an introduction, insisting that the authors are simply 'reclaiming' the word 'slut', much as gay men attempted to do with 'fag' years ago. Okay, fair enough. Then they move onto dispelling myths about why being a slut is actually a GOOD thing, but has been looked down upon in the past. They talk about how the Industrial Revolution \\"launched a new era of sex-negativity, perhaps because of the rising middle class and the limited space for children in urban cultures\\". Maybe I'm asking too much here, but.. citation?? This seems like a blatant assumption to me. And the authors continually do this; take historical events or figures and interpret them freely, sans evidence.       Next we move onto a chapter simply entitled \\"Our Beliefs\\". These are ideas that will help the reader become an ethical slut! This sounds like it could be good. Hmm let's see, the first one is 'rethinking sex'. I have to quote this, since paraphrasing it will not properly describe how ridiculous it is: \\"Are you having sex right now? Yes, you are, and so are we. Perhaps you're looking around you in bewilderment: You still have your clothing on, and maybe you're sitting in a restaurant or a crowded bus. How could you be having sex? We think that the question of when you're having sex is actually sort of meaningless. Sexual energy pervades everything all the time; we inhale it into our lungs and exude it from our pores. While it's pretty easy to determine whether or not you're engaging in a particular sexual activity at any given time - neither you nor we are probably having intercourse at the moment - the idea of sex as something set aside, a discrete, definable activity like driving a car, just doesn't hold up very well.\\" I am pretty sure that sex is, in fact, a distinct activity. By their definition, anyone in a relationship would technically be cheating constantly. Unless we're talking about free love, man.     I must say, I was only able to read up to page 37, and there I had to stop. Right after this sentence: \\"transgendered people can teach us a lot about the determination to be free\\". Now, I have absolutely nothing against transgenders, or lesbians, or gays, for that matter. But that sentence was just a culmination of the amount of nonsense that I was willing to take. What does it even MEAN? Just because transgendered people are repressed by society? Hm, so are minorities, and women, and illegal aliens, and homosexuals, and the list goes on and on. Should we all look up to these people as knowing how 'to be free'?     I am unsure what the authors were trying to get at in this book; their arguments are not well thought-out and unorganized. It doesn't help that the book itself is written poorly, as if transcribed from someone's rambles - there are many run-on sentences, and they lack any sense of cohesiveness. The authors often interject their own experiences and opinions into the book, and they come off as smug and all-knowing. Very off-putting to someone who's just started trying to explore this alternative lifestyle. My recommendation is DO NOT buy this book, you can easily find better and less opinionated information on the internet.
0321525655|5.0|This book is my current top recommendation with regards to how to improve your slideshow presentations.    The book is full of useful advice, and also full of many visual examples.    This should be required reading for anybody who uses Powerpoint or Keynote.
B0021LZ6LE|5.0|This book is a must read for those who would be interested in a look into what motivates our President to act in such a liberal & socialist (some might say communist) manner.  It is supposedly written by the man himself so there is no doubt what he means and what he stands for.  The astute reader will even note how often he manages to put his controversial views into the minds & mouths of others (his family and the people he meets on the streets of Chicago).  Truth be known, I have no love lost for Affirmative Action.  I believe our President is a great example of the flaws of that program.  President Obama exhibits all the shortcomings that I observed first hand, as a manager for two different companies.  One was a Forbes top 5 and the other was a top 50 company when I was  employed.  I was forced to implement Affirmative Action (and yes, in the early days, to meet numerical quotas) with the justification that Affirmative Action is merely another \\"cost of doing business\\".  There are times when he makes his pitch for credibility like when he admits to \\"I blew a few smoke rings, remembering those years.  Pot had helped, and booze; maybe a little blow when you could afford it.\\"  This, in my opinion and from my experience, is one sign of a weak man. All that being said, I do not like the man as our President. I distrust him and would only break bread with him to gain a further, real-time insight, into who he is! However, back to the book, it should be read by all interested in our freedom and the United States of America.  There is enough in it to give the reader the opportunity to take a more informed position on who he really is.  It's an easy read and I found it quite interesting. It is also insightful in showing how different people (President Obama, possibly you, and definitely me for starters!) who come from  poverty and are subject to prejudice, handle the \\"hand they are dealt\\". Buy the book, read it, then sell it or give it to someone else.  The capitalist in me prefers the sell option.e prefers the sell option.
0307266303|5.0|I haven't much to add to the other positive reviews...am just registering my vote for a great tale, plausible theories and solid research in an incredibly well written format.  I usually find myself editing as I go, and this time I read unhindered.    Also, II want to register a big thanks to the publishers and to Amazon for the kindle and kindle books. I am legally blind and for years have been held hostage to a poor selection of mediocre books at exorbitant prices. The ability to increase font sizes on the kindle has reopened my reading world. For any reader who needs large print, this is a \\"must have\\"!
B0006J28BO|5.0|Lovely, beautifully rendered movie.  See them all-- also Porco Rosso if you like this look.
B001QOOCTE|5.0|This recording is all about the magnificence of humankind.  We are different in appearance and language, and the same in our hearts.  Music is the equalizer.  The people who conceptualized and recorded this masterpiece should be applauded,
0786868724|5.0|I have not enjoyed a book this much in a long time. It truly touches the core of your sole and reminds us of Gods goodness. Thank you Mitch for showing us that there is still human goodness and humble servants of God existing in today's face paced self fullfilling world.
B000J5NXLY|4.0|This little meter is very small, very light, and quite conveniently fits atop a camera on its shoe mount, and the mount on the meter can be relocated to move the meter into three different directions, or removed entirely.  Comes with a neat little drawstring pouch. works well with vintage cameras without meters, or as an accessory meter for landscapes typically.  Has incident and reflective reading capability built in.  Press the button and an instant \\"lock\\" for 20 seconds ensues, enabling you to match the need with the movable one, then just read the settings and voila, you've got it done.  Works accurately and well.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|This was a great purchase, would buy from this seller again! The DVD's were in the condition described...thanks!!!
B0029O08WA|5.0|So I downloaded the soundtrack. I was going to wait until after I saw the movie, but I figured I could adjust to the music to keep me stoked for the movie.     Based on the reviews I've heard, I didn't think the soundtrack would disappoint. And it was TRUE! The soundtrack doesn't disappoint one bit! This soundtrack pretty much a 180 from the Twilight soundtrack. It's mellow and kind of depressing, which suits the book very well. It really makes me want to re-read New Moon. As I listened to the soundtrack, I envisioned what scenes it would play in in the movie.     Hopefully the soundtrack will reflect on how good the movie will be!
B0007VZ9DK|5.0|We love this combination of Robert Deniro, Joe Pesci, and Sharon Stone. They take a real life story and make it come alive. Very entertaining
B000V1Y43W|5.0|My wife has been looking for this Blu Ray DVD for sometime, but all of the outlets have not reduced their price.  Therefore, we surfed the internet at Amazon and found a seller who was selling it for a discount.  We immediately purchased the DVD and are thoroughly enjoying it in Blu Ray.
B000P0J0D8|5.0|True Romance is one of Christian Slater's best movies! We love this movie, it is very realistic. Patricia Arquette impressed us with her ability on screen. Th plot, directing and acting in this movie were excellent.
B001XRLWPQ|5.0|Most Excellent  Cannot and I mean Cannot wait for Season 2 to come out!!!! :)
0307266303|5.0|If you are even remotely considering buying this book I encourage you to do so... it is a great book and it will change your life!
B001FB4W16|5.0|Very good product in reasonable price.  this is regionfree disc, so You can enjoy it worldwide :)O
B002BSHXJA|5.0|This collection is awesome!  However, the post office failed to deliver mine and then destroyed it because it was perishable!  I am awaiting a new copy now.
B00004RYZT|5.0|Live aus Berlin never gets old! Rammstein is known for their incredible LIVE performances, so if you want to get a good taste of what you're missing watch this and Volkerball
B00005A3G5|2.0|the delevery was fast but the movie had to be played in secondary option which means that only certin dvd players can play it but it ok
0385504225|5.0|Living in Washington, DC, I was even more enthralled than usual by Dan Brown's new release.  I loved it, loved it, loved it.  It keeps you on the edge of your seat and provides the historical framework as well as the plot twists and turns that we've come to expect.
0765322889|2.0|Why anyone thinks that it's wonderful, I do not know.<br /><br />Pros: This book has some brilliant sections that are so vivid that they snap you into the scene abruptly. The characters are subtle, save for one, so it isn't hard to get into them. The plot is consistent and the world is believable. One character in particular, Kruppe, is so well drawn that when he pulls off tricking the gods, you sit back and say to yourself, \\"hell, he's just that good.\\"<br /><br />Cons: However, the plot avoids holes by using a plot-device-o-matic to churn out new characters, artifacts, and creatures faster than the last set of left-field stuff disappears. Most of the sub-plots concluded with the inclusion of some god or power or ancient being that had never been mentioned. A good example of this is the way magicians were described, or should I say not defined. A warren, the sphere of magical influence, is a mcGuffin that does anything the author wants and he deliberately keeps this information from the reader only to pull it out at climactic moments and expect some sort of surprise. I stopped being surprised by random stuff being thrown at me in chapter 2 when the insect soldiers of the empire flew some wooden hero across the continent while the Empress' adjunct had to walk through enemy-infested territory with the justification that she was supposed to be avoiding notice, but she is noticed as soon as the Barghast (don't ask) start attacking her and she runs into a character that should have been dead but isn't (BIG SURPRISE) and a chunk of the moon flies over with a flock of ancient intelligent ravens and six dragons on board who don't bother to thwart her until the ancient evil has been awoken already and ... I could really go on, but there isn't an end to this. There are entire sub-plots that I still can't follow because I couldn't juggle the names of 200 current characters in my head long enough to grab that last bit about a tree stump that is a shaggoth (or something). This could have been a collection of outstanding short stories. There are at least a few stand-out characters with motivations that are built up. But this is lost in a vast sea of innumerable inconsequential, but essential for the bat crazy plot, things that you have no connection what-so-ever. This is perhaps the first time a novel has been too fast-paced to give you enough information to get the story out of it.<br /><br />Conclusion: It's so hard to read that it's almost not worth it at all. The time I spent on this rivals the time I spent on the Old Testament. I'm told later novels get better, but this first installment is irritating.
0739319175|5.0|This book is well writen and well thought out and better than the first two. Good info and a good education.
B00006ADFL|5.0|This film distinguishes itself in so many ways.  It marks the arrival of Peter Jackson as a cinematic voice to be reckoned with.  His melding of bone-chilling reality and terror and fantasy suggests his later works, \\"The Lord of the Rings\\" trilogy and the underappreciated remake of King Kong.  In her film debut Kate Winslet arrives auspiciously as the sickly daughter of a disfunctional upper class family.  Not to take anything away from Jackson and Winslet, who would be the selling points here, is the work of Melanie Linskey.  Aside from the scene in the beginning that forbodes the film's shocking conclusion I thought Linskey telegraphed her performance with a Kubrickian stare as she poses for a photograph with her smiling private school classmates.  Don't be fooled.  Linskey's turn is one of great subtlety as she assays the insecurities and loneliness of Pauline Parker.  Seemingly polar opposites Parker and Winslet's Juliet Hulme serve a need in each other that would ultimately become lethal.  \\"Heavenly Creatures\\" stylistically is unlike any film I've seen before and serves as not only one of the great film's produced in New Zealand but one of the best films of the Nineties.
0688145078|5.0|This book is beyond words!  It was one of the surprises from the new baby to my older child.  He couldn't get enough of the book and would point out things in the book that we did together.  Even now, after he has had the book for 8 months, he will recall and see things around the home and say \\"... you, know, just like in my book!\\"  I think it worked well with the transition of the new baby coming home. I've even purchased this book for a friend of mine who recently had her 2nd baby and I will continue to give as gifts to the new big siblings!  A+++
0143038419|3.0|This book was recommended to me by a close friend who said that it was the cure to her depression. I raced right through the Italy/eat section and was all set to agree with her, but then i got to India/pray and have been stuck on it for weeks. Maybe I should skip straight to the Indonesia/love part? To be fair, this review might say more about me than it says about this book.
0061719544|5.0|...true, and I love the Scottish accent even more.  The man is funny.  What made me want to read the book is to find out how he overcame the drinking.  What made him stop, when so many don't seem to be able to.      Even more, he LOVES America so very, very much ... I wanted to know how and why had he come to feel that way. I just love that he loves this place that much.  He makes me even prouder to be an American myself, and I always have been.  I loved the book.  Heck ... he even made me appreciate baseball more.  Thanks Craig!
B000006E4C|4.0|I am a huge fan of this work, having owned and loved the ECM recording since its original release in 1978.  I was excited to acquire this recording in the \\"Phases\\" box set (which is HIGHLY recommended, BTW), but try as I might I can't really appreciate it very much due to what I perceive as some significant flaws.    Let me say that the quality of the recoding is everything that I could have hoped for--both clearer and warmer than the ECM recording.  However, staccato pulses of the voices and bass clarinets seem to me clearly and disconcertingly out of sync throughout the introduction, so much so that it seems to be intentional--and try as I might, I just can't get into it, and the whole performance takes a lot of time not quite finding a groove.  Also, as noted by some previously, the mixing is active and intrusive, with individual instruments rising and falling in volume in a seemingly arbitrary way, without regard to the apparent phrasing.  As a production head myself, it is perplexing to me that this mix ever passed muster.  (As opposed, for example, to the splendid contemporary mix of \\"Music for Mallet Instruments...\\" that is in the same box set.)  It's all very strange, and not very good to these ears.    Things get significantly better in the second half, when the groove finally locks in--and the interlocking piano lines of Section V rock out in an exciting fashion that the ECM recording never touched.  But as another reviewer noted, the ECM recording more ably presents the ensemble as a cohesive, communal unit (reminiscent to me of an ant colony), rather than a collection of individual players--and the piece emerges as a sonic tapestry, in which the ensemble virtually disappears into composition in an act of musical transcendance.  This magical quality is lacking in the Nonesuch recording, in my opinion, so I continue to regard the ECM recording as definitive despite its sonic limitations.  (Although I will continue to explore other recordings due to my lovefor the piece.)
1603420398|5.0|This book will answer any questions on Motif crocheting and joining different ways. All your answers in one place.
B002NVTBRM|5.0|I absolutely loved \\"An End Has a Start\\" and was reluctant to believe that they had changed their sound to revolve heavily around synthesizers.  After the initial and forthcoming listens, I was awaiting a breakdown in the album where it would ultimately sound cheap and processed.  But honestly, this never happened.  I had no idea where each song was going.  That voice, so haunting, is the same as ever and seems to hold everything together as each layer adds on itself.  The first half of the album is upbeat and driving while the second half seems to settle into more of a groove.  I love the song \\"Eat Raw Meat=Blood Drool.\\"  The song continues to change and shift and form even to the end.  I found myself inspired to create after listening to the Editors' latest.
B001N1DPDE|5.0|After much internet research, I've found an excellant and reasonably priced survival knife.  You don't have to spend an arm and a leg. Can't wait to try it out.  Fits nice and snug in the sheath.  I'm happy with the handles, but I've seen after-market Micarta replacements. Amazon shipped the knife in a timely manner.
0385504225|5.0|One of the 2 best that Brown wrote!  Angels and demons was the other one
B0028K3192|3.0|After being gone for so long and to se him on the BET Awards, I was happy that Maxwell had a new song out.  I was definitely looking forward to the CD.  I mean Urban Hang Suite, Embrya, Unplugged, and Now!  Need I say anymore?  Unfortunately I do.  This Cd is alright at best.  There are about 3 songs that really stand out but other than that, it's just okay!  If you want a CD that banging from beginning to end, check out \\"Signature\\" from Joe, or \\"Ready\\" from Trey Songz
B000F0UUT6|5.0|If you are a fan of the original Austen novel, this is the most faithful film adaptation.  The pace, setting, and cast are evocative of the feel when reading the book.  You are transported to a different time and place, but one that is easily relatable.  This cast is so absolutely wonderful!  The Bennet family and all supporting characters are completely believable.  Colin Firth and Elizabeth Ehle set the standard for Darcy and Lizzy - they are perfection.  Matthew Macfadyen and Keira Knightley are the only other actors who have done so well.  The illustrated companion is a fun addition to the set and the bonus material is good (it would have been better if it had included interviews with Colin Firth and Elizabeth Ehle).  I'm very happy to have added it to my collection and the packaging will hold up for years to come.
B002MW50KO|1.0|Bob Dylan never had a good voice.  However, during the 60's and 70's, he wrote material that matched well with his voice and turned songs like \\"Blowing In The Wind\\" and \\"Like A Rolling Stone\\" into timeless classics.<br /><br />In more recent years, his voice has deteriorated into an awful growl and his albums are torture to listen to, even if there has been some good new material.<br /><br />But why record a Christmas album?  There are too many Christmas Cover albums as is already.  There is no need for another one from Bob Dylan - a tired has-been.
B0000AUHPK|5.0|For the first time ever, Emily Bronte's classic story of love and revenge gets the royal, full-length treatment. Ralph Fiennes & Juliette Binoche, then unknown, play the doomed lovers Heathcliff and Cathy. Very well made movie. The performances are much better than in the crappy 1970 movie version of this story, which was destroyed by a riduculous screenplay (not to mention also the utterly nonsensical ending). The chemistry between Fiennes and Binoche is very apparent, and sparks fly between them. As I haven't read the novel in several years (and given that this one tells the COMPLETE story), I got lost during the 2nd half of the film, but continued watching with absolute fascination...only towards the end did I begin to grasp the rest of the story. After seeing Fiennes in this movie, Steven Spielberg wanted Fiennes for the role of the villainous Amon Goeth in \\"Schindler's List\\"... and the rest is history. To see Fiennes go from playing a tormented hero to an evil man with no shred of human kindness is extraordinary. Binoche is doubly excellent in the movie. Sophie Ward, who plays Isabella Linton, also appeared as the ill-fated Elizabeth in \\"Young Sherlock Holmes.\\" Best to watch the 1939 film version with Merle Oberon & Laurence Olivier first. Also a very good version. I highly recommend this movie. Rated PG.
B002HML6Y8|5.0|I have the movie on regular DVD, but have a playstation 3 now  so all the good movies I'm getting on Blue Ray to catch the extra sound and picture quality. this movies does it all. Amazon has the best prices and with free shipping over $25 all is well. Keep up the good work Amazon.
B00023B1LC|3.0|It's an Okay movie with Matt Damon!(Team America LOL) I have not read the book(I don't read novels), So I don't know if it's true to the book or not.Movie is a bit far-fetched,kinda of bond-ish. Matt Damon is boring, Some good Action Though. Matt Damon!
0316017922|5.0|How do families affect their child's success in life? Do cultural differences impact work performance? How much practice makes one perfect? Gladwell applies research, history, and theory to these questions and many more to answer how outliers place themselves outside the norm. The book intrigues the reader by answering why and how few people create enormous differences.
B001GZ6QEC|5.0|I gave my brother the Blu Ray for Christmas, We both saw in the Movie theater as well. Excellent movie, Lots Action Packed Sequences, I am a Batman Fan, Not a Huge one, but nonetheless. The movie is great, great soundtrack, very gritty and dark. Great movie for anyone whether your into comic books like me or not.
B002HJBK7E|4.0|I don't read a lot of books. I took a chance on this one and, WOW! Awesome!
0385504225|4.0|It seems like forever since Dan Brown published anything, but this was definitely worth the wait. Fast-paced and full of obscure facts. Brown is a master at mixing just enough truth into his fiction to keep readers fascinated.
0385504225|1.0|The plot is crazy, the characters very poorly drawn and not at all believable. (How could the saintly Peter Solomon have such a ghastly child?)  I could have tolerated all this had the book been any fun to read, but it just wasn't.  And did anyone else notice that the word \\"elegant\\" is used ad nauseum?  Did you use your kindergartner to edit this one, or just phone it in?  I wish I'd donated the money I spent on this book to a local food bank instead.
0385504225|5.0|Loved the book. It is an easy read. Constant twist in the plot, keeps you looking   for more. The things mentioned, like Noetic Science, can be found easily on the internet. They do exist.I was skeptical at first, but all references can be found.  It gives you a good look at the true nature of Free Masons. What they really beleive and the betterment of humanity. I would recommend this book to anyone who likes fast moving action and suspence.
0316017922|5.0|The book Outliers describes how success is made through hard work, having the right family ethic, and total luck.  This book somewhat dispels the idea that success can only be attained by those who are innately gifted.  This book definitely contrasts itself from the popular belief of what success is.     This is a fantastic book.  I left this book thinking quite a bit about how I should approach success.
B001C4CI8U|5.0|This is an absolutely great science fiction series. It is kind of like the X-files but with quite a bit more dark humor. Walter the mad scientist is endearing as well as equally eccentric with a past full of questions. Olivia the FBI agent and Peter (Walter's son)are very likeable characters. Olivia is mysterious and slighty sullen while Peter is light hearted and a bit cynical. If you're looking for action,wit,monsters from the unknown, conspiracy theories, corrupt governments, shady corporations buying what they want and a handful of good guys looking for answers and fighting all that, then you've come to the right place.
B000002B30|3.0|Springsteen's material is great on albums and great as individual songs; make an album out of assorted individual songs and the result is, well, stilted.  I can't really complain about the song selection: this is a great set of songs, beginning with two off \\"Born to Run\\" (his first two records are ignored, since they were hitless) and running up to \\"Human Touch\\" and \\"Lucky Town\\" in '92, although it would be a stronger compilation if they'd replaced \\"My Hometown\\" with \\"I'm on Fire\\" and ditched \\"Better Days\\" altogether.  The focus isn't on Springsteen's skills as a rocker and romantic so much as on his skills as a troubador; for the record, Springsteen the Troubador seems stodgy in comparison with Springsteen the Romantic Rocker.  As for the oddities, you get the song from \\"Philadelphia,\\" which is neither here nor there, the song from \\"Jerry Maguire,\\" which every Springsteen fan in the world hates except for me, the song from the \\"Born in the U.S.A.\\" sessions, which is almost a blast, and two songs that reunited Bruce with his E Street Band blood brothers at long last, with tired results.  I'd say ditch it and go for the albums.  Start with the one he did about America.
B000X5SPBI|5.0|I love this show. The special features rock, especially the gag reel, as always. And the Mythology documentary is interesting and entertaining.
B0000A0DRY|4.0|Whoops: I was expecting plastic bombastic psychedelia.  In reality (!), it's one and a quarter sides of magnificence, and the lesser material isn't bad, definitely much better than that plastic stuff.  I totally dig Grace Slick, wish she sang more, and I really dig Paul's vocals, or maybe that's Jorma I'm hearing.  It's Jorma's riffs I'm feeling, especially on \\"Somebody to Love,\\" which would have made me turn off the stereo at one time.  Not now.
B0000714BP|5.0|The main story here is very powerful and makes you forget it's Patrick, Wesley and John all decked out in  great dresses and hairstyles.
B00005JL7Q|5.0|When I first saw `About a Boy' I found myself slightly underwhelmed.  I wanted to like it and knew that I was supposed to, but I just didn't really care.  That was a few years ago.  Then, about a year ago, I caught it on cable and, while I only caught the last half, I found myself wrapped up in it.<br /><br />Then I bought it.<br /><br />Now I love it.<br /><br />This is definitely a film that has grown on my ridiculous amounts and I now consider it one of the best of 2002, definitely top ten and at times I even consider it top 5 (I so wish I was still doing my awards, but then again, I'm glad I'm not).  It has so much depth to it, if you are willing to give it the time of day.  It can, and does at times, appear to be just another romantic comedy, and it does have those elements (thank you Rachel Weisz), but there is so much more here than just a generic `boy meets girl'.  The main point of this story is self awareness, and it is handled in such a fun and beautifully touching way.<br /><br />That `Killing Me Softly' finale just hits me where it counts.<br /><br />The film tells of selfish womanizer Will who preys on single mothers by attending single parent groups.  It's at one of these groups that he meets young Marcus, who is in serious need of some male attention.  His mother, Fiona, is a bit unstable (or a lot unstable) and somewhat suicidal, and her chronic depression is almost too much for Marcus.  So, after making the first move, Marcus ends up finding a companion in Will.  Will, who is quite aware that he is shallow and self consumed, is stunned that he is finally putting someone else's feelings above his own; but of course that is a life change that will not come easy.<br /><br />Hugh Grant is a great comedian and has proven himself numerous times for me.  I was not sold on him entirely a few years ago, but over time he has really grown on me.  From his priceless pairing with Bullock to his nomination worthy performance in `Four Wedding and a Funeral', not to mention memorable and charming turns in fluff films like `Music and Lyrics' (such a cute albeit forgettable film), Grant has really perfected his charm.  This is his finest moment, easy.  He is funny and charming and even a tad sleazy, but he manages to capture this man's heart and convey this feeling of want and vulnerability that really helps sell this movie to the audience.  Toni Collette is really good, but I do feel as though love for this performance in particular is a little overrated.  She is wonderful always, but she isn't breathtaking here.  I preferred Rachel Weisz.  Young Nicholas Hoult is just `pinch me' cute here, you just want to give him a gigantic hug and tell him everything will be all right.<br /><br />Like I said, that `Killing Me Softly' scene is just a tearjerker.<br /><br />So, in the end I'm gushing.  Give this one a try if you haven't, and if you have and you're still not sure then watch it again.  One of the most beautiful lessons in life is to love and accept yourself, and sometimes it takes a child to teach an adult how to do that.to mention memorable and charming turns in fluff films like `Music and Lyrics' (such a cute albeit forgettable film), Grant has really perfected his charm.  This is his finest moment, easy.  He is funny and charming and even a tad sleazy, but he manages to capture this man's heart and convey this feeling of want and vulnerability that really helps sell this movie to the audience.  Toni Collette is really good, but I do feel as though love for this performance in particular is a little overrated.  She is wonderful always, but she isn't breathtaking here.  I preferred Rachel Weisz.  Young Nicholas Hoult is just `pinch me' cute here, you just want to give him a gigantic hug and tell him everything will be all right.<br /><br />Like I said, that `Killing Me Softly' scene is just a tearjerker.<br /><br />So, in the end I'm gushing.  Give this one a try if you haven't, and if you have and you're still not sure then watch it again.  One of the most beautiful lessons in life is to love and accept yourself, and sometimes it takes a child to teach an adult how to do that.
B000YABYLA|5.0|If it seems like life is just too serious lately, take a break and enjoy this light hearted comedy.  To add to the fun, the music is new and quirky.  You'll find yourself humming it someday and wondering where that tune came from (kinda like George in Seinfeld with Master of the House from Les Miserable). So take a break, laugh again, see this movie.
0385504225|3.0|For the genre it's a good book, not great but good.  I totally agree that the DaVinci Code is almost impossible to match.  Not to repeat others points of view...The problem I had was that it seemed the entire book was written, hopefully, for a movie script.  It would make a pretty good movie.  Maybe better than Angels and Demons which was lackluster.  The book plods along in places and the some of the scenarios are so impossible that you have to wonder.  What I totally admire is the research that goes into his books.  Very interesting.  But research doesn't always lead to a really great book.
1567184855|5.0|This is the 6th book I bought as a gift for friends/family because it truly is a gift.  This book is extrordinary as it takes you between lives and how your soul chooses its next life.  It talks about soul groups, souls that you have been with in many or all lives, people usually who are close to you now.  Like when you meet someone and you feel you have met/known them before they are the ones that are usually in your soul group.  It makes you soul search by asking yourself why you chose this life because there is a choice.  This book is great for those who know that they have a reason to be here but just can't figure out why.  Highly recomend.
0786856297|5.0|that author is so awesome!He really paints a picture in my mind.I got so mad when the mother gets disintegrated.I wish I could see a movie of this book.
0061348198|5.0|Jodi Picoult is quickly becoming one of my favorite authors!  Her books grab you in the first chapter and they are hard to put down.  So far I have not read one of her books that I did not like.  This one is no exception.  She is a gifted writer!  Read the book, you won't be disappointed
0385504225|1.0|I'm shocked at this book's writing.  Not reccommending this book to anyone. From 1 to ten I give it a zero. Very, very dosappointed with story the way it was written.
B000M0XJ88|4.0|well  i'm totally happy with that watch  works perfectly  quality/price really ok  2 month before i bought a wintex automatic..400 euros one week after it doesn't work anymore  then 2 months later i'm still waiting for that expensive cheap watch  no respect of the customer  not any communication...etc  that was the reason i bought the Seiko 5
0451196716|2.0|I've read nearly all of Stephen King's/Richard Bachman's books.  As much as I usually love his stories, the endings usually fall flat.  This book, however, was boring the whole time.  It dragged on.  Then it just stopped.  There's not even an attempt at a proper ending.  Perhaps that's the point.  Either way, was disappointed.  It only earned the two stars I gave it for a couple of interesting scenes in the later chapters.  I thought the book was finally getting good, but it didn't last.  Oh well...on to my next read.
B000YABIQ6|5.0|Great TV series to watch without commercials.  We are enjoying every moment of each episode.
0810993139|5.0|My son is in fourth grade and a decent reader - a little above average for his age.  But he would always read because he had to for school homework (2 hours a week) and not for enjoyment.     I've tried many books, ranging from Star Wars to Pokemon to the Hank Zipzer series.  Some were good and held his interest long enough to finish the book over the course of a week or two, but most he felt luke warm about at best.     We picked this book up, Diary of a Wimpy kid, from our local library last night.  I had heard about the series and had wanted my son to try it.  I was reminded about it due to the author interview on NPR.  My son had heard about it from his class mates and already had a positive view about the book.      My son decided to go do a little reading before dinner and ended up reading until we called him to come down and eat.  After dinner I found him in bed, reading the book.  Then after we said goodnight, I checked in on him a half hour later and he was up reading! This morning he got up an hour early in order to continue the book!  Holy Cow!  This has *never* happened before.  Finally... (insert parent sigh of relief sound effect here)      Thank you Mr. Kinney.  Thank you *very* much.
0385504225|5.0|An intense, can't-put-down read.  Beautifully written and fantastically researched. Particularly interesting to me since grandfather, father were Masons, grandmother; Eastern Star.
0634022296|4.0|I have really enjoyed using this book. The chords are very close or exactly like my old albums from the 60's. The only real criticism is, as other people have said, it will not lie open on a table. I have resorted to using binder clips with weights to hold it open on a coffee table. Spiral binding would have been nice. I have found that if you lay the book on top of another, larger, open music book so the binding and pages are partially supported, it will stay open on a coffee table.
B001IXSU8M|5.0|The album is excellent, worth the price, however her videos are better.  Her performance artist flare is sadly missing, on a sound track.  Her performances give it an extra dimensional flare.  I've always been a fan of Pop music.  True, with pop music,no depth, but who cares, exotic beat, tricky word play, and oh, R rated.  I can't relate to the track boys boys, boys, or brown eyes, but Starstruck, and I like it rough, as well as the Popular ones on video are worth the price.
B001FB4W0W|1.0|Sorry I obtained this for my granddaughter.  My husband watched a few minutes of it and said it was trash...explicit sex and horrible language.  I'm sorry Charlaine has let her books go this route...she seems like a grounded lady. Not for the clean minded person....and to think they won't put a rating on this...just trying to get all the $$$ they can.  VERY DISAPPOINTED
B00006CXSS|5.0|The Band of Brothers, carries on a WWII real life drama, with interviews before and after, with The Soldiers who survived to tell their stories.  It highlights, the Bad/Madness of War, and the bonds of friendship forged in a time in hell.  There is nothing sane about war and it is NOT sanitized.  And it illustrates very well, near the end that the holocaust indeed happened.  Eyewitnesses.  While we are always embracing the doom of never learning from the past, this Movie, brings a new level of awareness of personal sacrifice, friendship, and that War Vets are NOT the psychos hollywood usually portrays soldiers as.  It worth the price. And the reality check.
B00005N6KG|5.0|If you need a headphone for your IPOD at a gym, look no more, these are hands down the best. The stay in your ears no matter what you do at the gym and they sound good.  And their cheap. Buy two!  Extremely lightweight, you'll forget their on your head.
0061245097|5.0|Drama, humor, and an excellent collection to invest in for those who love to reread story lines they enjoy. And quirky Character developments.
B002GU5V24|3.0|It has been 40 years since Genesis formed as a whole, and there is so much excitement in the air for them. With a possible induction that has been overdue into The Rock N' Roll Hall Of Fame, there is so much in the air with Genesis. Yet, it is so honestly sad that the group hasn't made any new music in a long time. Thankfully, the group has been rediscovered very gallantly with the releases of their previous boxed set 1976-1982, 1983-1998 with Phil Collins heading their most successful albums, and with last year wiith the long overshadowed 1970-1975, when the great Peter Gabriel launched thr group into superstar status all over the world. But, with all the success they've been reintroduced into the spotlight, there are just so many people whom want Genesis to do soemthing fresh and brand new. Well, honestly that is up in the air for now. But, there is another boxed set coming out in the works later this year, but in the meantime their best of the live albums are in a boxed set of their own, and honestly there should've been more to say that the invisible touch is more visible than matches the eye, and it sadly doesn't stick this time.<br /><br />Genesis Live 1973-2007, is the latest boxed set in the Genesis catalog that is being reintroduced of Genesis's best works from their live albums, with 1973's Genesis Live, the only live album with Peter Gabriel as lead, 1976's Seconds Out, 1982's Three Sides Live from their tour to promote Abacab, and the 2 Live The Way We Walk Albums, Volume 1 & 2 from the groups' We Can't Dance Tour. The collection includes a lot ofgreat live performances of their best songs over the years including Ripples, In Too Deep, Home By The Sea, Domino (Parts 1 & 2), Mama, Invisible Touch, as well as insturmentals like Los Endos, and other great Genesis tracks. Sadly, there honestly is one big disadvantage is that while there are a lot of great live albums here that have been re-introduced, the collection doesn't actually include their recent 2007 Live Over Europe double album, that honestly brought out even the most surprising performances, yet wasn't actually a part of the boxed set. That honestly is to me a huge dissapointment, because it is such a strong live compilation.<br /><br />All in all, while Genesis Live 1973-2007 isn't a bad boxed set of what Genesis had been known for in their songs for all these years, it just wasn't really as strong as it deeply could've been. With their upcoming live DVD concerts boxed set coming soon, maybe that honestly would be a much better bet for hard core Genesis fans, that will definitely show you the real way they had walked all these years with great numbers. Still if you're a hard core fan, this would be a good buy, but not for anyone whom is new to the Genesis sound.<br /><br />Album Cover: B<br /><br />Songs: B<br /><br />Price: C<br /><br />Remastering: B<br /><br />Overall: C 1/2+er Europe double album, that honestly brought out even the most surprising performances, yet wasn't actually a part of the boxed set. That honestly is to me a huge dissapointment, because it is such a strong live compilation.    All in all, while Genesis Live 1973-2007 isn't a bad boxed set of what Genesis had been known for in their songs for all these years, it just wasn't really as strong as it deeply could've been. With their upcoming live DVD concerts boxed set coming soon, maybe that honestly would be a much better bet for hard core Genesis fans, that will definitely show you the real way they had walked all these years with great numbers. Still if you're a hard core fan, this would be a good buy, but not for anyone whom is new to the Genesis sound.    Album Cover: B    Songs: B    Price: C    Remastering: B    Overall: C 1/2+
B00007G1ZC|5.0|It's slow but very beautiful and inspirational.  If you're not into artistic movies, it may be boring for you.  This is an accumulation of Kurosawas thoughts and dreams and he shot it beautifully on film.  I recommend it highly.
0385512058|5.0|Well maybe not the crying part, but 2 outta 3 ain't bad. This puts Rich Dad Poor Dad to shame. An page-turning insight into the community of the wealthy, while promoting integrity, honesty and the benefits of helping others. I loved this from the first chapter to the last. My highest recommendation.
031604461X|2.0|Im only a 3rd of the way through this book and find it difficult to finish.  I loved Twilight, New Moon and was OK with the loose ends being tied in Eclipse.  But what the hell happened to make this 4th installment a chaotic nightmare.  I am just scared to reach the end.  I can only imagine that this only gets worse.  The wedding was rushed in a few pages.  The sex and LOVE was completely cut.  The baby thing...was ok, but the birth...?  What is with the 3 parts and the awful chapter titles?  Meyer has always explained in elaborate details and what leads to the situation and the resolution.  This is soooooooo rushed and pushed together that its leaving my head spin.  This should have been drawn out over 2 books with a hell of a lot more detail and taking the time to complete the story.  Im hoping that whoever will make the movie will put more thought in the story than Meyer.  *Fingers Crossed*
B002T9H2MO|5.0|Moon is probably the best \\"true\\" science fiction movie to come into theaters in many years. What do I mean by true? Well the science fiction genre has many facets to it. You have the space opera (Star Wars, Fifth Element, etc), the stellar exploration (2001, Destination Moon, etc), the monster movie (Cloverfield, Alien, etc), cyber punk (The Matrix, Ghost in the Shell), and a few other categories that all make up the sci-fi genre. While all are considered sci-fi what many fans call a true science fiction is one where the story moves beyond the confines of a futuristic setting or technology. When a science fiction concept is placed in a situation that really gets you thinking is that these fans are hungry for, and Moon is the perfect meal for what they crave.     Moon is not an action film so don't expect Bruckheimer-esque explosions or flashing guns. Moon is a drama at the highest sense of the word. The unfolding story is dramatic. Dramatic in a what they can really mess with your head if you really stop and think about it. Moon is about a single man working in a mining facility on (of course) the moon. Just when he is about to finish his three year assignment everything he knew falls horribly out of control. There is of course a plot twist that brings this about, but the masterful way director Duncan Jones presents it makes the twist itself less surprising than the implications that it represents. We are talking a major screwing around with your thoughts and emotions. I don't want to ruin it for you and I really recommend you NOT to try and find out before you see the movie. It really will spoil the effect for you.     Speaking of effect the movie has a top notch production on both sets and special effects. Moon's budget is reported to be a minuscule $5 million, however the movie looks like it was made with ten times that amount. The sets are very convincing and make you believe there can actually be a moon facility. The style is very much like Stanley Kubrick's 2001 or the first two Alien movies. Absolutely no computer generated special effects are in this film. The sets are really built. The moon and the buildings/vehicles on it are actual models. Everything is done with practical techniques and the results are more impressive than many CG-heavy films made today. In other words eye candy.     There is essentially one actor in the movie and that's Sam Rockwell. Playing the character that has, oh lets say 99.9% of the screen time, Sam has to really carry the movie all on his own. This he does with gusto. Rockwell makes this movie just as much as the impressive sets and excellent script. You also get Kevin Spacey's voice as the station's computer, GERTY. You can think 2001's HAL with a bit more personality and charm.     This movie has such a wonderful combination of style and substance. Add to that the fact it's an independent film made with a budget that wouldn't even pay for an A-list actor. If this underdog story can get any more endearing I have no idea how. Moon has made its money in worldwide box office sales and never was shown in much more than 250 theaters. What's even cooler is as of this writing Moon is still being shown in a few theaters. Better still in the month of October it's been increasing both it's theater count and box office draw. Amazing for a movie that was released in June.     Despite Moon's longevity in the box office odds are you may have missed this film's theatrical release altogether considering how low the theater count has been. Now you have a perfect opportunity to see this amazing film for yourself. The DVD release I know more about is the U.K. release, which comes about a month before the U.S. release. Here's what I found what is coming on the U.K. DVD:     - 2.40:1 Anamorphic Widescreen   - English Dolby Digital 5.1   - English and Hindu subtitles   - Two commentaries with Director Duncan Jones on other production staff members   - \\"Whistle\\" a short sci-fi film made by Duncan Jones back in2000.   - Documentary \\"The Making of Moon\\"   - Documentary \\"Creating the Visual Effects\\"   - Science Center Q&A with Director Duncan Jones   - Filmmaker's Q&A at the Sundance Film Festival     There is also a Blu-Ray release that has a couple extra features and more audio/subtitle options. As for if the U.S. release being the same as the British release I see no reason why it wouldn't considering how incredibly easier it would be to port that release (aside from changing the region code) than to produce a completely different compilation. Keep an eye out for announcements around the holidays, folks.     If you are a science fiction fan, a true science fiction fan, then you absolutely must see this movie. Trust me. It's right up there with Blade Runner, 2001, Gattaca and other great sci-fi dramas. If you like dramas I think you should check this movie out too, and don't be afraid of the fact it's in outer space. The story that you get from this \\"space\\" movie will be far greater than you reluctance to trust in a good sci-fi drama. For the rest of you if you love a good story that will make you think and don't mind it not being your standard popcorn movie I say give it a shot. You won't be sorry.
B002POMHVE|3.0|1. Kiss & tell - 2/5  2. I wont apologize - 4/5  3. Falling down - 4/5  4. I promise you - 3/5  5. Crush - 3/5  6. Naturally - 5/5  7. The way I loved you - 4/5  8. More - 2/5  9. As a blonde - 2/5  10. I don't miss you at all - 3/5  11. Stop & erase - 2/5  12. I got u - 3/5  13. Tell me something I don't know - 5/5
B002T9H2ME|5.0|Moon is probably the best \\"true\\" science fiction movie to come into theaters in many years. What do I mean by true? Well the science fiction genre has many facets to it. You have the space opera (Star Wars, Fifth Element, etc), the stellar exploration (2001, Destination Moon, etc), the monster movie (Cloverfield, Alien, etc), cyber punk (The Matrix, Ghost in the Shell), and a few other categories that all make up the sci-fi genre. What many fans call a true science fiction is one where the story moves beyond the confines of a futuristic setting or technology. When a science fiction concept is placed in a situation that really gets you thinking is that these fans are hungry for, and Moon is the perfect meal for what they crave.     Moon is not an action film so don't expect Bruckheimer-esque explosions or flashing guns. Moon is a drama at the highest sense of the word. The unfolding story is dramatic. Dramatic in a what they can really mess with your head if you really stop and think about it. Moon is about a single man working in a mining facility on (of course) the moon. Just when he is about to finish his three year assignment everything he knew falls horribly out of control. There is of course a plot twist that brings this about, but the masterful way director Duncan Jones presents it makes the twist itself less surprising than the implications that it represents. We are talking a major screwing around with your thoughts and emotions. I don't want to ruin it for you and I really recommend you NOT to try and find out before you see the movie. It really will spoil the effect for you.     Speaking of effect the movie has a top notch production on both sets and special effects. Moon's budget is reported to be a minuscule $5 million, however the movie looks like it was made with ten times that amount. The sets are very convincing and make you believe there can actually be a moon facility. The style is very much like Stanley Kubrick's 2001 or the first two Alien movies. Absolutely no computer generated special effects are in this film. The sets are really built. The moon and the buildings/vehicles on it are actual models. So much is done with practical techniques and the results are more impressive than many CG-heavy films made today. In other words eye candy.      There is essentially one actor in the movie and that's Sam Rockwell. Playing the character that has, oh lets say 99.9% of the screen time, Sam has to really carry the movie all on his own. This he does with gusto. Rockwell makes this movie just as much as the impressive sets and excellent script. You also get Kevin Spacey's voice as the station's computer, GERTY. You can think 2001's HAL with a bit more personality and charm.     This movie has such a wonderful combination of style and substance. Add to that the fact it's an independent film made with a budget that wouldn't even pay for an A-list actor. If this underdog story can get any more endearing I have no idea how. Moon made it's money in worldwide box office sales and never was shown in much more than 250 theaters. So odds are you may have missed this film's theatrical release altogether. Now you have a perfect opportunity to see this amazing film for yourself. Here are the extras on the Blu-Ray:       - 1080p 2.40:1 Anamorphic Widescreen    - English, Italian and Spanish Dolby Digital 5.1     - English, Italian, Spanish and Hindu subtitles     - Two commentaries with Director Duncan Jones on other production staff members     - \\"Whistle\\" a short sci-fi film made by Duncan Jones back in 2000. It's a rather cool concept about a high tech assassin, but the story is also a bit disturbing as well as predictable. Masterfully executed by the way.      - Documentary \\"The Making of Moon\\" has a good deal of interviews with Duncan Jones on how the movie came to be and what his influences were. From this feature and the Q&A's it seems the biggest influences are Silent Running, Outland and Alien (in pretty much that order). Serious sci-fi fans should be able to pick out those influences easy enough from the film.     - Documentary \\"Creating the Visual Effects\\" delves into not only the digital and CG effects, but also the practical effects like models and forced perspective. I was surprised to see what was computer generated.     - Featurette \\"How Did They Do That: Cloning Sam\\" touches on how they got the two Sam's together on film interacting with each other. Some of it is the technical aspect, but the fun stuff is hearing about how Sam Rockwell dealt with acting against 'himself' when he won't see it until post production.     - Science Center Q&A with Director Duncan Jones is a little speed with questions answered before an audience within the scientific community. Not really any science questions came out, but still very interesting.     - Filmmaker's Q&A at the Sundance Film Festival is a pre and post speech from Moon's Sundance appearance along with question and answers after. A little better than the previous Q&A.     - Concept Art Library     If you are a science fiction fan, a true science fiction fan, then you absolutely must see this movie. Trust me. It's right up there with Blade Runner, 2001, Gattaca and other great sci-fi dramas. If you like dramas I think you should check this movie out too, and don't be afraid of the fact it's in outer space. The story that you get from this \\"space\\" movie will be far greater than you reluctance to trust in a good sci-fi drama. For the rest of you if you love a good story that will make you think and don't mind it not being your standard popcorn movie I say give it a shot. You won't be sorry.
B001P9EQH8|5.0|Adds just enough power to drive your phones to their potential. Just enough. EQ is in 2 settings, a flat line, which I find useless for my own prefferences, and a Bass Boost which again is \\"just enough\\" to give the Bass a nice full punchy feel and sound to it. Very enjoyable. Again, just enough to allow your phones to perform up to their potential. I've tried them using my Sennheiser PMX 70's, PMX 80's (which for compactness and portability is a match made in audiophile heaven), and with my PX 200's as well as my HD 280 Pro's. Also this Amp does wonders with my AKG 27i's. It's that extra bit of power driven into the phones that allow them to perform as they should, maybe even better than they should. I've powered them with my laptop, Desktop, my collection of Creative players from my Zen Micro's, Creative Zen Touch's, my Creative Jukebox Zen Xtra (which was superb), my Zen Vision M sounded again superb, and I've used it with three different Muvo T-100's, the Zen V Plus and a San Disc Clip. Didn't have any iPods to try it with, but all of these players and sources were well served by the Fiio E-5. The only remaining question is how much service we will see the battery deliver. At the price, it can't be a problem. battery dies oneday simply buy a new Amp, as it is sealed in the unit. This is a winner, not just for it's performance, but tremendously for it's size, effective clip, and quality of construction and design. Well done you guys ! If your friends and loved ones own any music player and use their headphones, this belongs in their Christmass Stockings or under the Tree this year! You might find it will reintroduce them to their headphones once again. In fact the new [[ASIN:B001GT185K Sennheiser PMX80 Sport Series II Behind the Head Ear Phones For Sports]] which have improved Bass in their new drivers over the PMX 70, when combined with the Fiio Bass Boost is a major Homerun.
0385504225|4.0|First of all, I don't think \\"The Lost Symbol\\" can be considered as good as The Da Vinci Code, but it's pretty close on the Von Richter Scale. I mistakenly bought this book because a friend told me it was about Robert Langdon meeting Ringo Starr and asking him how his drum kit and symbols interfaced with the science of matter and anti-matter. Imagine my utter dissapointment when I discovered that a symbol is not the same as a cymbal used by a percussionist!<br /><br />That said, I humbly decided to read the rest of the book and I was more than pleasantly surprised in a disturbing manner. I really enjoyed the excellent writing style, similar to Ernest Hemingway on a bad acid trip. I highly recommend \\"The Lost Symbol\\" to people with short attention spans, especially the part about the indisputable science of Noetics and the symbol being lost and then found at a later time.
B002MW50KY|5.0|THE KEY TO BREAKING THE DYLAN CODE in CHRISTMAS IS IN THE HEART<br />or/ WHY CHRISTMAS IS IN THE HEART IS BEING USED ON DETAINEES INSTEAD OF WATERBOARDING<br /><br />By A. J. Weberman<br /><br />Many of the traditional Christmas songs Bob Dylan chose for CHRISTMAS IS IN THE HEART contained a phrase that was either identical with, or closely resembled, a line from Dylan's previously established body of poetry. In Do You Hear What I Hear he sang \\"A song, a song / High above the tree\\" In Tonight No Light Will Shine on Me he wrote, \\"As the wind blows high above the tree\\" In Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas he sang \\"Here we are as in olden days / Happy golden days of yore.\\" In Days of '49 he wrote, \\"In the days of old in the days of gold often I repine.\\" In Winter Wonderland he sang, \\"In the meadow we can build a snowman / And pretend that he's a circus clown.\\" In the liner notes to The Times They Are A-Changin' Dylan wrote \\"An' I walked my road an' sung my song / Like a saddened clown / In the circus a my own world.\\" In Must be Santa Claus he sang \\"Who's got a beard that is long and white?\\" In Tarantula he wrote \\"the soldier with the long beard says go ask questions my son\\" \\"Soldier\\" as \\"American President\\" In Gates of Eden Dylan wrote \\"The savage soldier\\" sarcastic; General Dwight Eisenhower accused by the far Right of being soft on Soviet Communism \\"sticks his head in sand\\" ignores historical precedents, (\\"sand\\" as in \\"the sands of time\\") like an ostrich \\"And then complains\\" then protests Soviet expansionism in Cuba \\"Unto the shoeless hunter\\" unto Nikita Khrushchev who took his shoe off and banged it on the Soviet Delegations desk at the United Nations in 1960. \\"Hunter\\" as Khrushchev; John Fitzgerald Kennedy: \\"Khrushchev reminds me of the tiger hunter who has picked a place on the wall to hang the tiger's skin long before he has caught the tiger. This tiger has other ideas.\\" Almost all American Presidents have been soldiers. Must be Santa Claus also contains this verse, \\"Eisenhower, Kennedy, Johnson, Nixon, Carter, Reagan, Bush, and Clinton.\\" These keys indicate the subcontent of this song concerns American Presidents.<br /><br />In The Christmas Blues he sang \\"The jingle bells are jingling / The streets are white with snow\\" In Mr. Tambourine Man he wrote this to his heroin connection \\"in the jingle jangle morning I'll come following you\\" and in House Carpenter he wrote \\"Oh what are those hills yonder my love / They look as white as snow / Those are the hills of heaven my love / You and I'll never know.\\" \\"Snow\\" is drug slang for heroin or cocaine. In Christmas on Christmas Island Dylan sang \\"you will never stray for every day / Your Christmas dreams come true\\" In I Threw it All Away Dylan wrote \\"take it to your heart don't let it stray\\" and in New Morning he wrote, \\"this must be the day that all my dreams come true.\\" Both these poems appeared on the same LP and were translated as drug related.<br /><br />In The Christmas Song Dylan sang \\"Will find it hard to sleep tonight\\" and in The Mighty Quinn he wrote, \\"Nobody can get any sleep there's someone on everyone's toes / But when Quinn the Eskimo gets here everybody's gonna wanna dose.\\" The Christmas Song also contains the lines \\"They know that Santa's on his way / He's loaded\\" slang; drunk or intoxicated \\"lots of toys\\" \\"toys\\" junkie slang for narcotic paraphernalia, works \\"and goodies\\" and dope. The song ends \\"see if reindeer really know how to fly?\\" \\"fly\\" get high. Dylan's Santa Claus is loaded on smack and bringing dugi to all the little kids to get them addicted. Not since Alistair Crowley composed hymns for the Church of England that covertly praised opium have Christians been hood-winked neither in this fashion nor on a grander scale.<br /><br />In Little Drummer Boy Dylan sang, \\"I am a poor boy.\\" In If You Gotta Go, Go Now he wrote \\"I am just a poor boy baby trying to connect.\\" \\"Poor boy\\" translates as \\"Leftist folksinger\\" in Tarantula he wrote this to the folk fans who witnessed him being jeered at his concerts, \\"you were also there when they castrated that poor boy in public\\" In Can't Ya Hear Me Crying 1961 he prayed for a break as a folk singer \\"Hey, stop you ol' train, Let a poor boy ride.\\" With this key we can break the Dylan code and find out what Dylan is really singing about in Little Drummer Boy.<br /><br />\\"Come they told me\\" listening to Woody Guthrie records told me \\"A new born King to see\\" to visit Woody in the mental hospital where the Communist Party USA had dumped him \\"Our finest gifts we bring\\" my finest songs to play for him \\"To lay before the King\\" to lay on Woody the King of Folk Music.<br /><br />\\"So to honor Him\\" so in his honor, not that I ever believed any of the Communist agitprop \\"When we come\\" when I met him \\"Little Baby, I am a poor boy too\\" I told Woody, who was of diminished capacity that I was a genuine Depression Era folk singer \\"I have no gift to bring, That's fit to give a King\\" and that I could never live up to the high artistic and communistic standards set by Woody \\"Shall I play for you, on my drum\\" and I asked him if he wanted me to drum up support for the Communists with my music.<br /><br />\\"Mary nodded\\" the Motherland, the Soviet Union gave Dylan the OK \\"The ox\\" the rank and file Communist Tarantula \\"now the organizers must bring the oxen in & dragging leaflets\\" \\"and lamb\\" and those the Communists who are going to be sacrificed for the cause \\"kept? time\\" dug Dylan's folk music beat \\"I played my drum for Him\\" I wrote songs to advance Communism \\"I played my best for Him\\" that were some of the best ever written \\"Then He smiled at me, Me and my drum.\\" and then Woody had his fellow travelin' Communists approved of me and gave me the Tom Paine Emergency Civil Liberties award for furthering Communism. Rum ba bum Rum ba bum.rts, \\"you were also there when they castrated that poor boy in public\\" In Can't Ya Hear Me Crying 1961 he prayed for a break as a folk singer \\"Hey, stop you ol' train, Let a poor boy ride.\\" With this key we can break the Dylan code and find out what Dylan is really singing about in Little Drummer Boy.    \\"Come they told me\\" listening to Woody Guthrie records told me \\"A new born King to see\\" to visit Woody in the mental hospital where the Communist Party USA had dumped him \\"Our finest gifts we bring\\" my finest songs to play for him \\"To lay before the King\\" to lay on Woody the King of Folk Music.     \\"So to honor Him\\" so in his honor, not that I ever believed any of the Communist agitprop \\"When we come\\" when I met him \\"Little Baby, I am a poor boy too\\" I told Woody, who was of diminished capacity that I was a genuine Depression Era folk singer \\"I have no gift to bring, That's fit to give a King\\" and that I could never live up to the high artistic and communistic standards set by Woody \\"Shall I play for you, on my drum\\" and I asked him if he wanted me to drum up support for the Communists with my music.     \\"Mary nodded\\" the Motherland, the Soviet Union gave Dylan the OK \\"The ox\\" the rank and file Communist Tarantula \\"now the organizers must bring the oxen in & dragging leaflets\\" \\"and lamb\\" and those the Communists who are going to be sacrificed for the cause \\"kept? time\\" dug Dylan's folk music beat \\"I played my drum for Him\\" I wrote songs to advance Communism \\"I played my best for Him\\" that were some of the best ever written \\"Then He smiled at me, Me and my drum.\\" and then Woody had his fellow travelin' Communists approved of me and gave me the Tom Paine Emergency Civil Liberties award for furthering Communism. Rum ba bum Rum ba bum.
B00000J7RZ|5.0|It was a great price and excellent quality.  Exactly how I imagined it would be.  I would definitely buy from this seller again! Thanks so much!!!
6305428042|5.0|This is one of me and my daughter's favorite movies...I'm so glad I finally found it. It is not available at your local movie store - or on the shelves at Wal-Mart!!!
B00006F7IM|5.0|Sometimes people don't think much of you but you end up winning at the end. Stories like that happen.  It is always encouraging to see. The movie itself is more of a comedy than an inspirational movie but I never get tired of watching it.
0385341008|5.0|I have not read the book yet.  I purchased it for a book club I am in.  I will read it in a few months.
B00275EGX8|5.0|Since I can't put it any better than Richard T. Jameson all I can say is that I agree with him 100%. This is my personal favorite of Kathryn's since Near Dark and also goes on my All Time Best list. Thank you KB for being the brave and innovative woman filmmaker you are!!
B00003CXWV|5.0|Jonny has brought to us all that dared to watch, his naturally gifted talent to a very serious & true storyline that affected so many of us from back in the day.
B001CQONKY|5.0|This show gets better and better, great storylines as usual, gripping till the last episode. Buy it, you will not be disappointed.
B001ED7C58|5.0|If you liked the music in the movie Twilight you will love the sound track! The English band \\"Muse\\" was Stephanie Meyers inspiration while writing the Twilight Saga and the first track on the CD \\"Supermassive Black Hole\\" by MUSE is the music from the baseball scene in the movie, it is truly \\"Awesome\\"! Even though for alot of the songs only the intro was heard in the movie there is not a single song I didn't like when I heard them in their entirety!
B000MR9D5E|5.0|I absolutely love these films. They are so well done and can be watched over and over again. Great for all ages!
B0025X4P24|4.0|I was hooked with the remake of Sergio Mendes' The Real Thing; Stevie Wonder wrote this song for him.  Lani Hall was the vocalist for Sergio - her voice is so right.    Vanessa did a wonderful job with her rendition.
B000094DUP|5.0|Great Singer & Album!  Too bad we don't hear more of her music! I guess because she is from Australia.
B001C4CI8U|5.0|If you are a fan of the TV show, this is a must have.  I have not viewed the bonus features yet but I'm sure they will be good.  If you are not familiar with the show but enjoyed the \\"X-Files\\" series, you may very well like this too.
0810970686|5.0|After reading about the Wimpy Kid series in an article on NPR's website, I decided to pick up a copy to see what it was all about. The story follows the adventures of Greg and his thoughts on day to day middle school life. His two brothers primarily offer annoyance to his daily existence. He and his main man Rolley stick together through various trials and experiences. A running theme once Greg's mother passes laundry responsibilities to him is his refusal to wash laundry and instead increasingly wear the least dirty cloths and least undesirable clothing options. Each adventure leads the reader want to find out what the next will be. The illustrations add humor and context as well. The book is entertaining, humorous, and a quick read.
B001VPJYZK|5.0|I love DH and being able to have it on dvd is an added bonus.
1401323820|3.0|Simply put it is a fun book but not excellent.    I do not recommend the hard back edition due to cost, but gladly would recommend the paperback when it comes out.  It would be good paperback for $6 to $8, but not $20+.  I'm sure I'll buy the next books (per the Castle 16-Oct episode at least 3 more are 'promised') after they go to paperback, but not before.      The major disappointment is the fact the Castle TV show makes you feel this should be a super blockbuster, and it just isn't.  The writing is good.  The characters are solid, and feel like people you could meet.  The humor and banter in the book are surprisingly good and biting.  It got unexpected chuckles from me as I read it. The book just doesn't have those little extras that defines a master's best work.    For those who already love the TV show it is an fun tie-in.  I loved that scenes mentioned in the TV show are in the book.  Like the mention of \\"the hot love scene on page 105\\" (it really is on page 105!)  It is not what I would call 'hot', but it is written like most mystery genre love scenes.  Men (like myself) aren't left wonder if we fell into a romance novel.    Overall, the writing is good and consistent.  It does leave items unexplained or briefly explained.  If you watch the show these points will automatically be fill in.  If you don't watch (and love) the show you will miss a lot of the fun.
B002BIMNDQ|5.0|Clear and laugh-out-loud funny explanation of why certain claims are believable, while others are flim-flam,.  Ben Goldacre has done heroic work tracing back , and giving us the skills to evaluate, original sources.  His premise is that 'people aren't stupid'; that we can make our own choices when given the tools.  Then he takes on nutritionists, big pharma, the whole mess.  Did I mention is an exceptionally clear and accessible way?  You'll never look at a juice carton the same way again.  And - it's funny.  I'd be wearing the t-shirt, too, if there was one available from a printer in the US!
0446560065|5.0|This book is just a fun book for fans of Simons cat . Nothing fancy or flashy , some good funny drawings of Simon's cat that we can all relate to . Some people have complained that it is nothing more than the videos as drawings . Well , there is nothing wrong with those and there is other comments and drawings . If nothing else , you could cut out the pages and make some nice , funny wall hangings to brighten up your day .
0385504225|3.0|I don't have much to say that has not already been said by Justin Lee (the first reviewer). He nailed everything I was thinking, plus some things I had not bothered to think about but I completely agree.     Is the book a good read? Sure. But when readers' expectations are so high based on the author's previous books, all that matters is filling our expectations. I think Brown missed out on that. It seems he was more focused on what the publisher wanted or maybe anticipating the movie deal rather than remaining pure to his work.
0061537969|5.0|Often I've thought that my dog knows exactly what I say to her.  I think author Garth Stein believes the same exact thing.  His novel, The Art of Racing in the Rain, has a narrator in Enzo, the protagonist's dog.  The reader sees the events in Denny Swift's life unfold from a dog's point of view, from Denny's wife's pregnancy, to her death, to the custody battle for little Zoe.<br /><br />Enzo is funny, and his blatant honesty and observations are refreshing.  He's got an answer for just about everything, and even if it isn't correct, its candid and many times hilarious.  The book is moving, cleverly written, and engaging.  Yes, I did shed a tear or two at the end, but it just means that it was that much more profound.  Enzo is beyond genius, and what he has to say, more people should take note of.<br />Not all characters were fully developed, but I'm inclined to think that doing that would have distracted from the book.  I didn't care much for Eve, but I think its mainly because the only perspective is Enzo's.  I appreciated the fact that Stein showed that Trish had some reservations about what was happening, since it showed multi-dimension and remorse.<br /><br />The parts about racing were well written and obviously written by someone who knows what they are talking about.  These sections could have been made a little shorter, but that's only because I love dogs, and couldn't wait to read more about Enzo's thoughts.
0439023491|5.0|This sequel to the Hunger Games was much anticipated and will not let you down! It has an explosive ending and leaves you eagerly waiting for the next book. Suzanne Collins does NOT disappoint the reader. This is an excellent book to recommend for young adults but entertaining and exciting for grown ups as well.
B0029O08WA|3.0|The songs in this Soundtrack are awesome, the best one is Meet me on the Equinox by Death Cab for Cutie.   Can't wait for the movie to come out.
B0013K1ALE|3.0|no bad
B000QGEB12|5.0|An \\"over-the top\\" comedy with TRUE insight, concerning what a REAL \\"Master\\" can do. I already recommended the movie to a friend who has been doing martial arts his WHOLE life. He said that SOME of the humor was too EXTREME for his tastes, but the martial arts was SUPERB! It seems the man who choreographed MANY of the fights, has already done \\"things\\" like, Fist of Legend, The Iron Monkey and The Matrix among others. His only REAL challenge was the need to visualize INVISIBLE weapons to make them have IMPACT.
0545123267|5.0|After reading the Twilight series, I had no clue what to read to fill the void. This book is such a great book. Maggie writes in such a lyrical way that really paints a vivid image in your head. I had such a hard time putting it down.
B00204AA0O|4.0|Regina Spektor comes from the world of singer songwriters who aren't content to smooth out the wrinkles in their songs, but is content to let her quirks stand as part of her work. While it is noticeable that her skills have become more refined since her bid for mainstream acceptance ([[ASIN:B0002XEDXU Soviet Kitsch]]), there's no way anyone will confuse \\"Far\\" with [[ASIN:B001GO09MI Brittany Spears]]. If there's anyone I'd compare Spektor to in recent memory, it would be [[ASIN:B00004R7TP Kate Bush]] or maybe [[ASIN:B000002BE9 Fiona Apple]]. Spektor has the same somewhat left of center qualities as these artists, all while containing an endearing quality that is solely hers.<br /><br />\\"Far\\" is much of the piano based pop that fans have already become accustomed to (and I have to admit, only became addicted to when [[ASIN:B000FFJ80I Begin to Hope's]] \\"Fidelity\\" was used in an Equality advertisement), like the clever-to-cute \\"The Calculation.\\" She plays with her darker side on \\"Machine,\\" while also finding emotional depth on the remarkable \\"Laughing With.\\"<br /><br />\\"No one laughs at God on the day they realize<br />that the last sight they'll ever see<br />is a pair of hateful eyes.<br />No one's laughing at God<br />when they're saying their goodbyes.\\"<br /><br />And when you also consider that Spektor enlisted four producers, it's amazing just of seamless \\"Far\\" sounds. I had to check online to see who produced the particular tracks, which is a credit to the power of Spektor's personality and songwriting. That said, I really loved what Jeff Lynne did to \\"Blue Lips\\" and marveled at just how lovely Spektor sounds with an orchestra. Spektor is melodic, emotional, catchy, funny, innovative and beautiful...sometimes all inside the same song (\\"Eet\\"). She is one of those artists that you put the CD into the player and just let it play through, over and over. That's something you just can't say about too many artists nowadays.
B001F290E4|5.0|He does a great job on these older songs.  This album shows his range better than other albums.  His voice is always good but on some albums the music all sounds the same.  That isn't the case with this album.  Well worth the money.
B002R0EIXG|4.0|of course everyone will try to make a buck off of MJ.,as though he was still here and postumously he is even bigger than ever. i listen to his music at least once a day i can't wait until they release his movie, i look at all the news footage i can find on him and it is like he asked Allyah when he died to let part of his spirit live in his songs because they sound very soothing now. may Allyah grant you the peace you tried to give to us.
B0016BWACI|4.0|I've always loved the Dark Crystal, there's something magical about the universe Jim Henson created that has always resonated with me. This BluRay disc was crisp and clear and is the best transfer to date. However, I also owned the prior DVD version of the film which was excellent  as well. This BluRay is basically identical to the DVD version in every respect aside from the movie itself being higher resolution. Maybe it has something to do with the movies film origins, but the BluRay version really doesn't add a whole lot to the experience, the only real noticeable difference is the film grain. I love the movie, but for a film I watch maybe once every two years, In hind sight I would've been just as happy with the DVD version.
B001AVCFK6|5.0|I won't bore you with plot, synopsis, because from what I see you can read all those other reviews that are posted that can help you. All I can say this movie was a blast to see in the Theater! I have never been a Star Trek fan, occasionally watched it, and some of the movies, never identified myself as a hardcore fans like others. I like JJ Abrams and was curious to see what he would bring to this new Star Trek. I was pleasantly surprised!<br /><br />I just picked this up a few days ago, this movie is beautiful on the Flat screen, colors are so vibrant, the scenes on the Nero's ship, the blacks are dark, nice rich texture no ghosting, when the scenes are on the Command central on the Enterprise, everything is bright, very clear, just a very nice picture. Sound though did have to turn it up a notch to hear, bout a 25 or so on my Aquos where usually watching regular TV usually have it at a 13--- 15 for  normal sound range.<br />Over all a very nicely packaged DVD with lots of extras, definitely worth picking up.
0451203933|5.0|As someone who saw the movie before reading the book, I can assure you that, yes, as good as the movie was, the book is even better.  I'd been meaning to read this for a while and finally got around to it.  I'm glad I did.    Mark Bowden has clearly done his homework on the battle/debacle of Mogadishu down to the minutest detail.  He covers dozens of perspectives, from the commanders, diplomats, and politicians down to the individual fighters -- both sides -- and even gives you some vignettes of Somali civilians who had the fight raging all around their homes and businesses.  And even moreso than the movie, the book gives you the Somalian perspective and humanizes the other side -- especially the civilians, but even some of the Somali fighters.  It's sobering to be reminded that, from their perspective, we were the foreign invaders who were coming in, perhaps with good intentions, but bringing trouble and often causing collateral death and destruction.    This is a graphic, no-punches-pulled look at war and warriors, at the chaotic hell that is unleashed in real life when the lead starts flying.  I have never experienced battle and hope I never do, but my sense is that this book at least gives you a taste of it in the way that only a handful of other war books do.  In addition, many veterans have vouched for the accuracy of Bowden's descriptions.  His excellent writing brings it to life in all its nasty detail.
B00005JJA9|3.0|Hitchcock films usually string the viewer along and slowly builds up the tension and suspense until a climactic finish.  Rear Window is no exception and from a slow start we are gradually propelled along with the main character towards a confrontation with the man he's slowly realised has committed a murder.<br /><br />The added ingredient is that he's wheelchair bound following an accident, and is unable to flee when events conspire to bring the two together.<br /><br />The story is basic enough, and we get to see the neighbours of the courtyard which comprises the entire world of this film - with the sole exception of a glimpse of the outside strret through a narrow alleyway.  Most of the neighbours we hardly meet close up, but they all have their own personalities and lives, and we only really see them through the eyes of the wheelbound voyeur.<br /><br />James Stewart and Grace Kelley are the headline stars here, Stewart the wheelbound photographer and Kelley his glamourous girlfriend, but I couldn't help feeling they were mismatched and things didn't exactly gel between them, either on screen (at least to my eyes) or as characters.  Also it was a little ponderous at times in getting to the point, and I felt my attention wandering on occasions while watching it.  I was also a little let down at the climax when Raymond Burr's character finally confronted Stewart.  It was certainly unrealistic and was like opening a long promised box of chocolates to find they had been crushed en route.<br /><br />But as a suspense thriller worth seeing once.
0393327345|5.0|I was very satisfied with the quality of this product and the fast shipping. I will definitely be buying from this person again.
0312360258|2.0|I got this book from a bargain bin. Read the back cover and thought why not? I did find the plot interesting and liked it. But it was so poorly written that it was hard to get though the whole book. I really had issues with the grammar.     I read the rest of the series anyway because a friend had them all. I was hoping that it would get better as you go but it didn't. I also found all the love triangles or should I say love square really irritating. Come on Zoe just stick to one or two!
B00169N0BK|3.0|After doing many Google searches for monitor calibration software, I thought I found the trifecta gizmo.  One that would calibrate my monitor, printer and projector.  Installation of the software is easy.  The included CD Rom / DVD video was very useful.  The process to calibrate the printer is good, but make sure that your printer has full ink cartridges otherwise the color munki can't calibrate correctly.  The color patches need to be fully printed out in all its color glory.  I calibrated the HP OfficeJet 7310xi with the HP premium plus photo.  Using Adobe LightRoom with this newly created profile, the prints were slightly green tone.  Reverting back to printer managed color management in Adobe LightRoom yield the best results.  As a result, I decided to return this item.  I don't have a dedicated color printer, once I use up all my photo printer, I may decide to splurge and get a dedicated Epson/Canon/HP photo as recommended on [...[.  At that time, I may give ColorMunki another shot.
B00005MP58|5.0|Colin Firth and Jennifer Ehle played Mr. Darcy and Elizabeth flawlessly (far surpassing Elizabeth Garvie & David Rintoul and putting Keira Knightley & Matthew Macfadyen to shame).    Having watched the miniseries/movies before reading the book, below are my brief impressions of the portrayal of Jane Austen's beloved story.... (As I write this review I am half-way through the book) I found BBC's 1980 rendition of Pride and Prejudice very difficult to watch. The acting was awkward overall. This A&E and BBC production flowed beautifully. Mrs. Bennet was obnoxious but bearable compared to the 1980's Mrs. Bennet. The story appears to follow the story closely. I found myself rewatching my favorite seens over and over (mostly scenes where Mr. Darcy is interacting with Elizabeth). For the Keira Knightley fans... I am sorry but she cannot act.
0061767581|3.0|it's ok for a first novel who was written by someone else. Where was the fiction?
B001A78JPU|5.0|I read this book during a semester-long book club meeting in one of my graduate classes. It was not a book I chose on my own, but it is a book that has made a significant impact on the way I view the world. If you are looking for a book with drama, romance, suspense, and shock then this is an excellent book to read. While it is not a true story, it is based on real situations that are occurring in a very different part of the world.     The novel takes place in Afghanistan and follows the lives of two women - Mariam and Laila - as they experience issues like domestic violence, political turmoil, and the harsh injustices that exist as a result of being a woman living in Kabul. The novel shows the growth of these two women as they bond over the trials their lives throw at them, and it illustrates the bond existing between women in unjust circumstances. This novel opened my eyes to a completely different world of what life is like in Afghanistan. There were scenes that completely appalled me, made me cry, and made me so irrationally angry that I threw the novel across the room more than once. I feel so fortunate to have read this book and to be exposed to a different perspective of what life is like for women in other parts of the world making me feel so grateful to live in the United States. This novel made me question what we can do to help women in less fortunate situations.      A page-turner until the very end, 1,000 Splendid Suns delivers a timeless story as it solidifies the theme of sacrifices that are made for the ones you love.
B002KDUDG6|5.0|Definetly his best work yet.  While I always enjoy his original stuff more than anything, he does an amazing job making the \\"standards\\" his own.  \\"Crazy Love: and \\"Heartache Tonight\\" are amazing and even better than the originals. He has a khack for picking the right songs to showcase that amazing voice of his.    Love \\"Haven't Met You Yet\\" as it's so Buble. You won't be disappointed in this one.  A must have for anyone who loves his work.
0439023491|5.0|A lot of action, intrique, and even a bit of romance.  Six months have past and it's time for the tour of the winners of the Hunger Games.  Kitness is torn between her two beaus, but even that takes second stage after the President pays her a visit to threaten the life her family and love ones if she doesn't quell the unrest in the other districts.<br /><br />There are a few surprises and even a cliff hanger of an ending.  I'm not one to like cliff hangers, but this one has definitely got my interest.  My only complaint was that the beginning was a bit slow, but it didn't take long to pick up the pace.
B0021L8UXU|4.0|It's rare to see a movie extolling the virtues of a post-apocalyptic world, let alone finding humor in it, but Zombieland manages to wring laughs aplenty out of its premise without holding back on the blood-soaked carnage you'd expect from a film that pits the remnant of humanity against an army of the undead.  Taking place in a land once known as the United States but now completely overrun with virus-ridden flesh-eaters (not really zombies per se, but whatever), it manages to mine humor from mundane aspects of post apocalyptic living that most such films gloss over, like the tortuous search for a Twinkie in a deserted landscape or the new newfound freedom to stroll into the Hollywood palace of a super-secret famous guest star.  Like 28 Days Later, it becomes as much about the dynamics of mismatched strangers thrown together by the need for safety in numbers as about the zombie menace itself, but it manages to get a lot more laughs and some legitimately memorable action sequences out of the premise.  It's actually fitting that the final act plays out in an amusement park, as the whole movie is a virtual amusement park ride, albeit one where the dangers lurking around the corner are very real.<br /><br />It becomes apparently pretty quickly that Zombieland isn't a movie to be taken too seriously, but instead is out to pummel viewers with its sheer volume of jokes, action, and various other stimuli.  This movie doesn't just break the fourth wall--it pounds it into dust, cramming its brief running time with flashbacks, cutaways, one protagonists's incessant (and occasionally unnecessary) voice-over narration adding color to the proceedings, and his various rules for surviving the apocalypse popping up on screen throughout to frequently  hilarious effect.  The movie's rampant winks and nods are symptomatic of its generally excessive nature, but the filmmakers seem aware that if you're going to make an excessive movie, you might as well go ahead and make an extremely excessive movie.  In that spirit, Zombieland is over the top in every way possible, especially in its periodic outbreaks of gratuitous destruction and cartoonish ultraviolence, but it does manage to stop the carnage just long enough to admit a few moments of genuine warmth and relationship building among its small cast.  The movie wears a lot of hats, functioning as sort of a post-apocalyptic-coming-of-age-action-horror-buddy-comedy, and it wears all of them competently and a few brilliantly.  Here are just a few of the pleasures on display:<br /><br />--Woody Harrelson in the role he was seemingly born to play as Tallahassee (named for where he's headed), a swaggering, wisecracking redneck zombie-killing machine who's responsible for a disproportionate share of both the film's laughs and its zombie executions;<br /><br />--Jesse Eisenberg as the perfect foil in the form of Columbus, a nervous loner whose multiple phobias have kept him uninfected amidst the chaos and whose narration provides the film with much of the thematic depth it manages to muster;<br /><br />--A killer soundtrack led by perhaps the finest use of Metallica in film history (the opening montage set to For Whom the Bell Tolls is about three exits past awesome);<br /><br />--Emma Stone (aka Jules from Superbad) making the leap from attractive to ridiculously hot in a spectacular fashion, plus Abigail Breslin (aka Little Miss Sunshine) graduating to a moderately adult role as Stone's sister and literal partner in crime;<br /><br />--The concluding action set piece to end all concluding action set pieces, complete with slapstick, dry cool wit, personal growth, and of course lots of highly imaginative zombie killing.<br /><br />Overall, unless you lean heavily to the pretentious side, it's pretty tough to find fault with Zombieland.  It's the sort of legitimately funny comedic hybrid that seems to be in increasingly short supply these days (with a little bit of emotion thrown in for those who like thatstuff), and it's over well before it wears out its welcome.  If you're expecting something in the vein of George A. Romero's work you may come away disappointed, but those looking for a more postmodern approach to the zombie genre should find this film almost as enjoyable as the justly reversed Shaun of the Dead.come.  If you're expecting something in the vein of George A. Romero's work you may come away disappointed, but those looking for a more postmodern approach to the zombie genre should find this film almost as enjoyable as the justly reversed Shaun of the Dead.
0375413405|5.0|The book was in very good condition when opened, like brand new, and came right on time.
0142410349|5.0|We loved this book!  I wanted to read it to my kids before the movie comes out in Nov. or Dec.  Great read aloud!
B001GCUO1Q|5.0|Whether you loved it or hated it, I think most people can agree that Hugh Jackman is perfect for the role of Wolverine.  His performances have satisfied the Wolverine lover in me since X-Men 1.  Many people have complained about this film, but I find little to complain about.  For me, it was entertaining throughout.  You do have to suspend disbelief a lot, but that is the nature of comic book superhero films.  They have spectacular powers, and display them often.  It is really fun to watch.  I'm glad they got to include Gambit in this movie, who wasn't present in the X-Men Trilogy.  I think he's a really cool character.    And of course, there's Logan, A.K.A. Wolverine.  I liked that you got to see him as a boy with bone claws.  After all, it is an origin film.  Without giving away the story, I can say that if you were wondering how he goes from bone claw kid to adamantium-laced superhero, this movie covers that.    Good special effects, lots of action, a large group of superheroes showcasing their abilities, if you are a fan of these things you'll probably like the movie, as long as you don't nitpick about the minutiae.
B0028T6XXY|5.0|I loved Michael Buble's voice.  This is a compilation of mostly stuff that's been released, but I have to say to hear him live is a different experience and this CD is just that.  I prefer the version of Home, Lost, Everything, World on a String on this CD to any other version I own.    If you are looking for new releases, you won't find them on this one, but I certainly wasn't disappointed.   I was thrilled with this purchase.  You can't help but be in a good mood after listening to Michael Buble;.
630469654X|5.0|This was a great movie when I first saw it and seeing it again just proves I was right back then.     Received on time and in good shape.
B0015AARJI|4.0|Good packing from sony, well protected. The controller works perfect, 100% recommended.  I'm giving it 4 stars just because I think that the usb cable to recharge the controller should be included.
B000003TAR|5.0|Note the whole medical vibe of the cover art and song lyrics - like Kurt felt the record industry was dissecting him and exposing his life for everyone to see. Dave Grohl really gives John Bohnam a run on this record - his bass drumming sounds like Thor's hammer hitting a drum the size of a refrigerator. This really is in a lot of ways Bleach II not in the sense of rehashed material but a returning to their harder and darker roots.
B000MRAAJM|1.0|I bought this item from Amazon and they gave me the old 1080i version.  They said they didn't have any 1080p version and this is Amazon, which is supposed to have all the newest things.  I went to Wal-mart and they were selling both the 1080i version and 1080p version for the same price.  Amazon.com is trying to pull a fast one on its customers.  The said they would correct this advertisement problem but they have not at all.  They also sent me the older versions of 2 other blu-ray discs that I bought and had the nerve to charge me shipping costs when I returned one of my items that came in the same package with the wrong (old version)items that I received.
1847245455|1.0|This book was a piece of dung, even if i was a mystery buff (which i'm not) I would have had a hard time with this over the top pretentious mess, save your time & money!!
0740785508|5.0|Imaginative Realism explains the keys to the mysteries of art and how favorite painter James Gurney got that good (aside of just plain practice, of course). He shows you tricks and tools of the trade in a well designed format bursting with color and imagination. Not only artists will be interested in reading this book, other people interested in thinking and dreaming unrealistic things in very realistic detail will too. I would recommend this book to just about anyone!     (And if you buy it from his website, he will sign and personalize your copy for no extra charge!!)
B001GCUNW6|5.0|These reviews are supposed to be about the movie, not wether it was 3D or not. If it doesn't say 3D in the description, then, its NOT A 3D MOVIE!!   This is the best Ice Age so far. Its funny, interesting and my 11 year old loved it, as I did.  Buy it, you won't be dissappointed.
B001FB4W0W|1.0|Never got product as promised. Waited over a month and still nothing. I wrote the seller and got a fast reply but no product. I demanded a refund which I got the next day.    Do not order from this seller.
B002N5KVDG|5.0|Definitely the best release of 2009. With a twin guitar attack Jello Biafra and the Guantanamo School of Medicine sounds lile DK's on meth.  Billy Gould recorded it but has been replaced by Andrew Weiss (Rollins Band) due to his return to Faith No More. This CD is highly recommended!!!
6305079811|3.0|Rather homoerotic story of good guys saving a life from a bad guy of the outer space, is a funny picture providing an introduction of torture and S&M actions.<br /><br />Actually clever and funny sci-fi is made well on merits of cinema of the seventieth.<br /><br />It is something between [[ASIN:B00177YA06 Meet the Spartans]] and [[ASIN:B001GQSY5K Star Wars]].<br /><br />Not much The Queen's sharm music at all.
0312370849|4.0|Sarah's Key is an eye-opening tale about the forgotten effects of the Holocaust on Jewish families in France. This story is intricately woven around the Hel d'Viv roundup in which Jewish families were taken to concentration camps under Nazi orders.  While a modern day reporter, Julia, investigates this little known historical event, she discovers a connection between her husband's family and a young Jewish girl named Sarah. Julia's life becomes intriguingly entangled with Sarah's, leading her on an obsessive hunt that threatens to drastically change her family and her life in France.               This captivating story engages readers from the first page and holds them in suspense through most of the book. Despite a few predictable twists, Sarah's Key is a realistic glimpse into the wide spread impact of the Holocaust on children in France and the lasting effect on those who could not forget.
0307341569|5.0|This is a grim, disturbing tale about Libby Day, who was 7 when her mother and two sisters were brutally murdered. Her testimony put her brother in prison for the crimes--but 25 years later, she's beginning to wonder if her brother is guilty.    Libby's not a likeable protagonist, describing herself as having \\"a meanness inside (her), real as an organ . . . draw a picture of (her) soul, and it'd be a scribble with fangs.\\" But she's sympathetic and compelling. The story follows her search for answers, while describing the hours leading up to the murders. The present and past intersect at the end when Libby uncovers the gruesome truth.    I loved the structure of the book, which switched smoothly from 1985 to present-day, from Libby's first-person POV to the POVs of her brother and mother. Everyone has a secret.  Most of all, I loved the writing style. The author has a terrific voice.
0385504225|5.0|I challenge all Believers to read this latest tome and learn the mysteries of our Country's past through the lives of the powerful few who tapped into the greatest Power. If you open your mind and soul you, too, may understand the Power and Its Truth.
0312427999|5.0|This is one of the best books I have ever read.  I got it from the library, twice, then bought it from Amazon. The book seems kind of heavy for its size.  Maybe because it is packed with so much interesting information.
B001V9LPWQ|1.0|I've been reading that people have been having trouble playing the Blu Ray version on some older Blue Ray player models. It won't work on my Pioneer BDP-121, even when I updated it to the latest firmware (Version 9080400).     Your 3 year old daughter isn't going to care if it's on DVD or Blu Ray or even VHS. She wants to watch Snow White and wants to watch it NOW NOW NOW. I just thank my lucky stars that the DVD version came with the package, I was able to play it without any problems.    I'm giving 1 star for the non-functioning Blu-Ray disk. Eleventy million stars for the movie itself.    Sooo.... skip the Blu Ray, especially if you have a Pioneer BDP-121, and stick with the tried and true DVD format.    -Derrick
1439138311|5.0|In \\"Brooklyn\\" A young Irish woman named Eilis Lacey receives the chance of a lifetime-to live and work in Brooklyn,a borough of NYC. She is reluctant at first but with unmeployment being rampant in her town & urgued on by both her glamourous,older sister,Rose & Father Flood,the Parish Priest visting from Brooklyn, who provides her with the chance to go to America ,Eilis decides to take an ocean liner for life in a strange new country. The trip itself is no picnic,with Elilis coming down with major sea-sickness in her small third-class cabin,but her more worldly but kindhearted bunkmate gives her advice about how to over-come it(as well as fashion advice for when she lands) & soon she soon finds herself docking at New York's Harbor. Once there,she has to deal with the other girls in her rooming house,the nosy land-lady & tedious job at department store selling stockings to equally bored women as well as the new \\"Colored\\" customers who turn out to be much nicer (as well as better dressed) than first expected. When Eilis becomes homesick,Father Flood aranges for her to take book-keeping classes and she gradually finds her place,as well as a boyfriend,an Italian-American named Tony whom shes meets at a neighborhood dance. Then she gets some shocking news from home Ok,it doesn't sound like much,but through the author's spare but effective writing,I found myself getting completely caught up in this story. Small,telling details are interspersed through-out the book and the ending had me in suspense. No,this is not a big,sweeping tale,but a realistic,hearfelt one that,if you give it a chance,will stay with you after you've finished it and want to share it with others,and would make a fine Book Club Selection.
0143038583|1.0|I needed this book for my class which it is a required book for the class, I ordered it on the 22nd of Sept. and my other books not only came on time but early! I sent several emails to seller and no response. The book is sold out at my school's bookstore so this has cause me a extreme hardship! When I bought my book the sellers reviews were on ther higher end but in the last 30days there has been a huge drop, since the seller is having so many problems with keeping up on there end then maybe they shouldn't be allowed to sell anymore!
B001PB3RU8|5.0|Finally, a CD to be excited about! Florence has the power of Dolores O'Riordan and the ethereality of The Cocteau Twins. All of the tracks are great, but nine of them are phenomenal...and six of them absolutely give me goosebumps every time I hear them (Dog Days, Rabbit Heart, Howl, Hurricane Drunk, Cosmic Love, and Blinding). There is something about the power of her voice, paired with unique percussion that surpasses anything else I have heard in the last few years. It's seemingly of another time and place...from the land of kings and enchantment. That sounds corny, I know, but it is rare that an album, in its entirety, has that kind of power to transcend the here and now. The music is eery, haunting, sonorous and stentorian. Each song has a (heart)beat that brings it alive. I love it, love it, love it. It's definitely not more of the \\"same old same old.\\" Saying it is highly recommended is a gross understatement. Florence is the new \\"it girl.\\"
B002N5KVDG|5.0|From one DK fan to all the other DK fans, Audacity of Hype will NOT disappoint!    Hype picks up right where Bedtime for Democracy left off 23 years ago. The production value is superb! The double axe attack, while unexpected, works great! The bass and drums provide a hard edge to the rhythm. Its very obvious that Guantanamo tries to capture some of the DK sound, it works. Gould, Spight, Weiss, Ball capture the genre while leaving there own signature. I like it.    Biafra's vocals and prose are on par with DK's Bedtime and Frankenchrist albums. The politicizing is not as mature as his spoken word albums, but neither were the DK albums. Besides, you should already know Biafra's social stance.    The album art, poster insert and lyric collage brought back memories. I hope a new generation will discover this gem, and its socially relevant message.
0385504225|4.0|This really is a great book.  In my personal opinion, the \\"theology\\" is whacked, but I'm strong enough in my beliefs that I don't let it sway me.  Once you get beyond that, it is a great read.  I couldn't put it down.
B001TK80C0|5.0|This is another good classic. Own all the  Terminators .Purchasing the DVD series to replace VHS.  Wasn't to thrilled with the Terminator #2 version. Prefer the original you see in the movies.
B0002F6BRE|5.0|this was the first movie my wife and i saw together on our very first date.<br />its a classic.. most people i know quote it around xmas time..<br /><br />great acting, great plot, funnnnnny, and great value at what amazon has it priced at now.<br /><br />if u have even rented it one time - and and were gonna rent it again - just buy it.<br />$4 a rental at blockbuster, or an average $3 per movie with netflix - at $8.50 at amazon, youll save money after the 2nd time u watch it!
0553212419|5.0|Sherlock Holmes is one of my favorite books of all. Read it over and enjoy it even though I know how it will end.
B001FB55H6|2.0|\\"Watchmen\\" was, for many years, the project considered impossible to film.  This movie proves that \\"Watchmen\\" was, indeed, possible to film, but that doing so may have been a bad idea.<br /><br />The major problem with this movie is not its length.  It's way, way too long - but that's a symptom of the problem, which is lack of focus.  Act 1 takes a long time to develop, and when it's over an hour or so into the movie, there's an unsettling feeling you get as the audience that comes from the fact that you don't know what the plot is even after 60 minutes.  Then, when the movie finally gets some focus, it's on - Nite Owl and Silk Spectre?  Huh?  The least interesting characters?  Rorschach is a jerk, but has a kind of purity as a character that makes him interesting.  Veidt, who is almost an afterthought in this movie, has a kind of purity about his character as well, but in a different way; he has chosen to follow ideals that may vary from Rorschach's, or that may be the same but implemented differently.  The ultimate confrontation in \\"Watchmen\\" is really between Veidt and Rorschach, so it's a shame Veidt is given such short shrift in most of the movie.  Veidt, rather than a central protagonist (antagonist?), is the Oliver Twist of the movie, the cipher whose motives and character just happen to be there because they're in the script.  Instead of developing Veidt, we get some unconvincing romance between Nite Owl and Silk Spectre, some overly long scenes on Mars, and a variety of other bits not important to the plot.  Not great from a storytelling perspective.<br /><br />Several shots and musical choices in this long, long movie were so hamhanded as to stand out from the remainder in an unfavorable way.  Why a minute-long crane shot prior to the Comedian's funeral?  That thing must have taken an entire day to shoot on its own, for no good end.  \\"99 Luftballons\\" as Silk Spectre meets Nite Owl for dinner?  At high volume?  For a long time?  There are many points in Watchmen where I wished the director would just get on with it.  Deliberate pacing is one thing, and can be very effective.  But there's a difference between deliberate pacing, and lingering over nothing.<br /><br />And speaking of hamhandedness, I agree with the main review that \\"Watchmen\\" seems like a transcription of the graphic novel at times.  Nowhere is that more obvious than the Rorschach origin scene.  A single frame of something horrific on the printed page has tremendous visceral impact.  Playing that out in an actual segment of movie is too much, and is over the top.  In addition, the 70s style depiction of New York as a cesspool of horrors each worse than the last is likely to be incomprehensible to younger viewers who did not live through the era of the bankruptcy of NYC.  The similar depiction of the constant threat of nuclear annihilation brought back some memories, but will be equally unfamiliar to younger viewers.  These underlying moods of the film lead to some jarring tonal shifts, and render \\"Watchmen\\" ultimately a serious downer.<br /><br />Geeks of a certain age, like myself, were going to watch this no matter what.  I can't recommend doing so, but if you're like me, you're going to do it anyway.  Save a few bucks and just rent this one.shed the director would just get on with it.  Deliberate pacing is one thing, and can be very effective.  But there's a difference between deliberate pacing, and lingering over nothing.    And speaking of hamhandedness, I agree with the main review that \\"Watchmen\\" seems like a transcription of the graphic novel at times.  Nowhere is that more obvious than the Rorschach origin scene.  A single frame of something horrific on the printed page has tremendous visceral impact.  Playing that out in an actual segment of movie is too much, and is over the top.  In addition, the 70s style depiction of New York as a cesspool of horrors each worse than the last is likely to be incomprehensible to younger viewers who did not live through the era of the bankruptcy of NYC.  The similar depiction of the constant threat of nuclear annihilation brought back some memories, but will be equally unfamiliar to younger viewers.  These underlying moods of the film lead to some jarring tonal shifts, and render \\"Watchmen\\" ultimately a serious downer.      Geeks of a certain age, like myself, were going to watch this no matter what.  I can't recommend doing so, but if you're like me, you're going to do it anyway.  Save a few bucks and just rent this one.
0385504225|2.0|After reading all of Dan Brown's books, this one fits the mold.  A fun page turner with little substnnce. The ending was a real let down.  I found the last few pages very difficult to get thorugh.      Honestly, there are better books to read.
B0001UZZWW|4.0|some negative reviews but on a big hd tv screen with an upconverting dvd player - shrek 3d was pretty awesome!
B00129H7VS|5.0|Band of Brothers is one of the best mini-series I've ever seen!  It's a great story, with terrific acting.  My only complaint is that it's only 10 episodes long (I wish there would be more).  The picture and sound on this disc is top notch, and the special features are very interesting.  This is a must have blu-ray, especially for the price!
0882709194|5.0|When we were in school, during critical thinking and debates, in order to make sound judgments, we were suppose to study both sides of the coin (so to speak). This is exactly what this book offers.     Why would anyone be afraid of reading both sides??? In a society that claims to be \\"open-minded\\" you would expect to be able to listen to both points. Then after that time, choose your standing. Yet, this \\"open-minded\\" society is not open-minded but very close-minded. They would rather learn one side and one side only. That is not critical thinking and nor does it help your debating.    What are you afraid of?   Read and judge for yourself.
0739319175|4.0|Dan Brown is a very gifted writer but I was a bit disappointed with the Lost Symbol.  The pattern was all too familiar and predictable.
B00005JKOI|5.0|she watches this over and over again.<br /><br />great acting, good plot, good actor selections. she watch this in a happy or sad mood.<br />over all just a feell good movie.
B000VWYUR6|4.0|In selecting this item for purchase I had hoped it would include I Want You (She's So Heavy) and another song which I cannot currently recollect. Ultimately I hoped to receive a 31 song version I heard mentioned in another review, but this is simply the \\"Deluxe Edition\\" as sold directly by Amazon. Still an awesome album, full of brilliant covers from a profoundly beautiful, original movie. Don't believe the submitted customer pictures.
B0013BNY2Q|1.0|In all honesty, this is the worst mastering job I've probably ever heard in my life.  I can usually stomach a fair amount of compression if I have to, but this is just completely unlistenable and unexpected from a band such as REM.  I know they have little control over the final product, but if I were them, I would be ashamed at the quality of this record if my name were on it...it's just a complete waste of money, and it's a shame because this is actually their best set of songs since New Adventures in Hi-Fi.  Too bad they seem to have forgotten what \\"hi-fi\\" means since that time...<br /><br />...don't waste your money unless you find instant ear fatigue a pleasant sensation.
0312370849|4.0|Sarah's Key is a book that will leave you wanting more. Although the storyline in the book has been made up, you will learn about true aspects of the Holocaust by reading this passionate story. Be prepared to follow Sarah's journey as a Jew in France through her eyes and also through the eyes of a modern day journalist named Julie. The connections between the two women will pull at your heart.
0385504225|2.0|I'm pretty sure I already read this story, oh right that was Angels and Demons...and then I read it again in Davinci Code, I also saw it on the big screen in National Treasure, but that's a different issue altogether.    Repetition and self pllagerism aside Brown has a real problem with writing about technologies he doesn't understand, and making really poor assumtions.  Dan, you don't understand firearms, you don't understand helicopters, you don't understand the Internet, hire a damned consultant.  It may seem petty, but it's distracting from the story when someone asks \\"...is this even possible\\" and the answer actually is \\"yes, it's prefectly normal\\".    The problem with this book though is the actual plot, or lack thereof.  Langdon gets a phone call, launches into action, meets a genius but sexy woman, spends exactly one night running through a historical city with her, uncovering hidden mysteries only to find that someone at the end will tell him they knew the answer all along.  In this case, after reading chapter 1 page 2, I literally thought \\"I know where it's hidden\\".  At this point I didn't know WHAT was hidden, or why, but I knew WHERE it was going to be.  That's how transparent the plot is.  But it gets worse.  You'll remember the bad guy from Davinci code and Angels and demons...not the same charecter, but it's the same mannerisms, same physical oddities, blah blah...and when they reveal his true identity you'll be confused.  Not confused because you don't get it, confused because you didn't realize it was supposed to be a secret.  His identity is obvious within the first few pages of the book, PAINFULLY obvious.    But there's always a saving grace in Brown's books, the big secret revealed at the end.  oops...the big secret, the item that is hidden that is far too powerful for mankind to be trusted with, turns out to be a metaphor and boringly mundane.  Not only that, but the item CAN'T be physically revealed due to the location, requiring another charecter to explain to Langdon what it is, where it is, why it's there...in other words, the whole story was a waste of time.  There was no secret, nothing hidden, this guy knew EVERYTHING all along, all you had to do was ask him.  If you don't see Dan Brown's middle finger mocking you, then you weren't paying attention.
0312370849|5.0|My book club gave this a 5+ out of 5. (It's that good)<br />Wonderfully written, moving, and a true reminder of the horrific atrocities commited during the holocaust. Gives a voice to someone who experienced it firsthand.
0452295548|5.0|It's a very interesting and inspiring book.  I also recommend listening to Jill's interview with Oprah.
044661758X|5.0|Michael Connelly's The Concrete Blonde is another good 'who dunnit' well worth your time to read. Connelly knows how to construct a story andf like a good magician, provides enough misdirection to keep you guessing all the way to the end.
0199535566|5.0|\\"Pride and Prejudice\\" is undoubtedly one of the most beloved classic novels in history -- it's had countless adaptations, sequels and homages lavished on it over the years.<br /><br />And Jane Austen's grand opus is still beloved for a good reason. While it's rather stuffily written much of the time, it has a vibrant core of witty dialogue and strong characters that shine like lanterns in the night -- and the best part of it is the interplay between the two strong-willed main characters, whose initial dislike of one another blossoms into love once they learn how to overcome his pride and her prejudice.<br /><br />The Bennett family is in an uproar when wealthy Mr. Bingley moves into the neighborhood, and Mrs. Bennett is especially happy when he takes a liking to the eldest Bennett daughter Jane -- since their estate is entailed and there is no Mr. Bennett Jr., a good marriage is considered essential for at least one of the girls. But her forthright, independent sister Lizzie immediately butts heads with wealthy, aloof Mr. Darcy, who scorns the rural village and seems haughty about everything.<br /><br />A flurry of proposals, road trips and friendships happen over the course of the following months, with Lizzie fending off her slimy cousin Mr. Collins, and befriending the flirty, hunky Wickham, who claims to have been wronged by Darcy. Lizzie believes Wickham's account -- and she's in for a shock when Darcy unexpectedly proposes, and reveals what Wickham won't tell her about both of their past lives, and what Wickham did to offend Darcy.<br /><br />And finally things take a scandalous turn when Lizzie's idiotic younger sister Lydia elopes with Wickham, while staying with a friend in Brighton. The family is plunged into disgrace, which also wrecks any chances of a halfway decent marriage for the other daughters. The only one who can set things right is Darcy, who will do whatever he must to make amends to Lizzie -- and unwittingly establish himself as the man she loves as well...<br /><br />Reading \\"Pride and Prejudice\\" is a bit like watching someone embroider a piece of cloth with subtle, intricate designs. Lots of balls, dances, visits and drawing room banter between Lizzie and virtually everyone else, and interwoven with some rather opinions from Jane Austen about haughty aristocrats, marriages of security, entailment, and the whole idea of what an ideal woman has (intellect and strength).<br /><br />The only real problem: Jane Austen writes very much in the style of her literary era -- it's rather formal and stuffy much of the time, and the narrative is kept distant from the characters. So, not for casual readers.<br /><br />But despite that formality, Austen's brilliance as a writer is evident -- she slowly unfolds the plot one act at a time, with several intricate subplots that tie together and play off each other. She also wrote some unbelievably sharp-edged dialogue with plenty of witty banter between Lizzie and Darcy (\\"I could easily forgive his pride, if he had not mortified mine\\"). But Austen also weaves in startlingly romantic moments between them (\\"No one admitted to the privilege of hearing you, can think anything wanting\\").<br /><br />It's hard to imagine a better fictional couple than Lizzie and Darcy, despite their rocky start (a major-league snub at a dance). Both are witty, smart, and a bit snotty in their own ways, with quick minds and even quicker tongues. Darcy is a selfish, rather haughty man man who gradually becomes warm and kind, while Lizzie is strong, independent, and Darcy's equal in every way. And neither will marry for anything but true love.<br /><br />It also has a solid supporting cast: the painfully practical Charlotte Lucas, slimy clerics, virtuous-looking rakes, sisters ranging from saintly to snobby, and the lovable Mr. Bingley and perpetually optimistic Jane. Lizzie's family also adds plenty of color to the story, including the screechy and hilariously mercurial Mrs. Bennett and the barb-tongued Mr. Bennett (\\"Your mother will never see you again if you do not marry Mr. Collins, and I will never see you again if you do\\").<br /><br />Despite its mildly stuffy style, \\"Pride and Prejudice\\" is the ultimate Jane Austen novel -- a powerful and romantic story about two people who grow and change because of love. An absolute must-read.ongued Mr. Bennett (\\"Your mother will never see you again if you do not marry Mr. Collins, and I will never see you again if you do\\").<br /><br />Despite its mildly stuffy style, \\"Pride and Prejudice\\" is the ultimate Jane Austen novel -- a powerful and romantic story about two people who grow and change because of love. An absolute must-read.
B000003TA4|5.0|Nothing more to say about this CD other than perfection. Don't forget about the hidden track after the last song.    Must have for all rock fans.
B002M3SOWO|5.0|I bought this book for my 14 year old son, and he loves the book!
B002LFIZDG|5.0|After checking every month for the last few years on an update for a new CD, Declaration of Dependence is finally here.  After a few listens, pretty much what one would expect who has followed these two Norwegian guys.  A few catchy tunes jump at you right away while others seem to be \\"forgotten\\".  But over time, those \\"forgotten\\" tracks end up being your favorites off the album.      I was hoping for another Feist cameo or some other musician the Kings could introduce me to as they did Feist, but alas no.  I do think the violin player is a full-time member now and a good one at that who fits the style and doesn't try to steal the show.    I will say this, if you haven't seen them live, they are phenomenal.  I liked their first few CDs but after seeing them live, they went up to one of my favorite bands.  Definitely one of the top 3 concerts I've ever seen.  Take a bud or two to see them and they'll be instant fans.  As of yet, there is no USA shows but they better get their arses over here!!
B00005RHGL|5.0|This isn't just a film about the gunfight at the OK Corral, it is a film about the Earps and what became known as the Earp Vendetta Ride. It simply had the misfortunte of being up against another film about Wyatt Earp that starred Kevin Costner in his prime.<br /><br />Wyatt Earp (19 March 1848 - 19 January 1929) was at various times in his life a gambler, saloon keeper, farmer, gold miner and lawman.<br /><br />Virgil Earp (18 July 1843 - 19 October 1905) mainly a gambler but also a well known lawman<br /><br />Morgan Earp (24 April 1851 - 18 March 1882)<br /><br />John Henry \\"Doc\\" Holliday (14 August 1851 - 8 November 1887) dentist, gambler and gunfighter<br /><br />The film Tombstone follows the move of the Earp brothers Wyatt (Kurt Russell) and Morgan (Bill Paxton) at the silver mining town of Tombstone, in Arizona, after leaving Dodge City, where older brother Virgil Earp (Sam Elliott) had just Tombstone been appointed deputy US Marshal.<br /><br />The film doesn't quite stick to the facts - leaving out some of the Earp brothers and the trial of Wyatt and the others for murder after the gunfight at the OK Corral.<br /><br />Wyatt and Morgan didn't arrive together. Missing are older brother James (who arrived with Wyatt) and worked as a barkeep, and younger brother Warren arrived later with Morgan. Then finally Doc Holliday arrived. Holliday is portrayed by Val Kilmer, who succeeds in stealing every scene that he is in.<br /><br />The trouble between the Earps and the cowboys after Virgil accused Frank McLaury of stealing army horses and mules and altering the brands - usually known as cattle rustling. The Cowboys were well known for cattle rustling, if you had any animals and they were missing then they were usually in the possession of the Cowboys.<br /><br />After several stagecoach hold-ups and shootings tensions between the Cowboys and the Earps were at breaking point and this was the build up to the famous (or infamous) Gunfight at the OK Corral. A few minutes that have since gone down as legend.<br /><br />Interestingly (and missing from the film) after the gunfight, the corrupt sheriff Johnny Behan arrested the Earp brothers and Holliday, and they faced trial for murder. Ike Clanton's testimony was said to have been extremely unbelievable - the towns people knew him as a bully and a thug, yet he said that he was terrified and feared the Earp's as they had repeatedly bullied, frightened and intimidated him.<br /><br />It was Ike Clanton's own contradictory and confused testimony that cleared the Earps and Holliday. Claiming that the Cowboys had merely been trying to enjoy the evening air and that they were not in the habit of carrying guns went against every witness that had given evidence at the trial, including his own men. He also claimed that Wyatt, Morgan, Virgil and Doc had confessed separately to him that they were responsible for the stage coach robberies and murders.<br /><br />Wyatt took advantage of a law that allowed him to read a prepared statement without being cross-examined by the prosecution. He read his statement, in a calm and controlled manner, which detailed the troubles between the two groups, how they only wanted to disarm the men and that they had to fire in self-defence. That, along with the respected witnesses, cast enough doubt on the case that the jury decided to free them.<br /><br />It was after this that the Cowboys decided to assassinate the Earps, and so Wyatt (with the help of an ailing Doc Holliday and a posse) embarked on the vendetta ride, for the blood of those who had harmed his family.<br /><br />Wyatt Earp had been friends with notable Wild West figures such as Wild Bill Hickcock and Bat Masterson. As well as western movie stars such as Tom Mix, William S Hart and even a young John Wayne.<br /><br />Kurt Russell is an established authority on Wyatt Earp and it shows in the fact that the story is about Wyatt's Vendetta Ride and what caused it, rather than the usual Gunfight atthe OK Corral.<br /><br />It is a shame that the time constraints meant that so much of the story of the Earps, the Clantons and the Cowboys had to be missed out.<br /><br />Personally, if Mr Russell ever decided to make the story of the Earps into mini series I'd watch it and I'd buy it too, if it was done to the same standard as this movie.<br /><br />As I have previously said Val Kilmer steals the show as Doc Holliday with a performance that should have earned him awards. But to mention Mr Kilmer with out mentioning his `huckleberry' Michael Biehn would be a crime. Biehn portrays Johnny Ringo, an educated man who Holliday calls the \\"deadliest pistoleer since Wild Bill\\", and a wonderful foil for Kilmer to play off.<br /><br />Yet by picking out those I don't want you to think that the others aren't as good, the entire cast is amazing, without exception this film should have been award winning - the only reason it wasn't is down to Hollywood politics and the movie industry snobbery. Shame on them.<br /><br />This is a well made, well acted, and exceptionally underrated film - it is what a true western should be. Outstanding.<br /><br />--- Side Note ---<br /><br />If you are buying from the UK you will need a multi region player as this is an embedded region 1 set.s, the Clantons and the Cowboys had to be missed out.     Personally, if Mr Russell ever decided to make the story of the Earps into mini series I'd watch it and I'd buy it too, if it was done to the same standard as this movie.     As I have previously said Val Kilmer steals the show as Doc Holliday with a performance that should have earned him awards. But to mention Mr Kilmer with out mentioning his `huckleberry' Michael Biehn would be a crime. Biehn portrays Johnny Ringo, an educated man who Holliday calls the \\"deadliest pistoleer since Wild Bill\\", and a wonderful foil for Kilmer to play off.     Yet by picking out those I don't want you to think that the others aren't as good, the entire cast is amazing, without exception this film should have been award winning - the only reason it wasn't is down to Hollywood politics and the movie industry snobbery. Shame on them.     This is a well made, well acted, and exceptionally underrated film - it is what a true western should be. Outstanding.     --- Side Note ---     If you are buying from the UK you will need a multi region player as this is an embedded region 1 set.
B000RHKARO|4.0|It's the 1st good and pleasant presence of ex-stone Mick Taylor. Very good remastered version.
0439023483|5.0|It's impossible to put this book down once you've started. It already has hundreds of reviews, but I wanted to add my five stars. I'm going to recommend it to both my teenaged children AND my adult book club. How's that for wide reaching? I think anyone over the age of 12 will find it very intriguing. Too graphically violent for ages under 12, in my opinion. A few years ago, I read and enjoyed Suzanne Collins' children's series about Gregor, but I'm glad to see that she's moved on to Young Adult, because I think it's more fitting for her rather dark, violent, intense, somewhat depressing topics. I hope this series doesn't end as hopelessly depressing as Gregor did. I love the author's harsh sense of reality, but I also like a happy ending, or at least an ending that leaves SOME hope. This book, The Hunger Games, is a nice mix of both dark fear and hope. The characters are well formed and very likeable. I eagerly await Book Three. And the movie, which I hear is coming.
0739309560|1.0|Don't waste your money or your time.  Of all the audio books I have listen to, this is one of the worst.
B0018LMZOE|5.0|As a long time fan of the Moodies, I have all of the vinyl albums in a closet. Due to years of being played, they are full of noise from scratches and wear.  My attempts to record them to cd using a software based program that removes some of the pops and clicks and converts them to WAV or MP3 resulted in loss of a lot of the sound quality and are just not pleasant to listen to. I also have some of them on cassette tape (you can just imagine how they sound after having been in a box for 20 years).    After finding out that the first seven albums that the Moodies recorded were available in newly re-mastered versions and that Justin Hayward was at the center of the project, I did a search and easily found them at Amazon. The old vinyl copy of \\"Every Good Boy Deserves Favor\\" was in the worst shape of all, so I ordered it and in a couple of days found it in the mailbox (way to go Amazon). Here is my impression of the re-mastered album:    The re-mastering by none other than Justin Hayward along with Alberto Parodi and others, has resulted in a wonderfully listenable album. You can hear things in detail that you never were able to hear before! This is a good thing because they accomplished the rare feat of bringing out the original warmth and texture that Tony Clarke and  Derek Varnals wove into the original vinyl during the recording,engineering and mix-down,but were able to do so without the digital coldness that is so often found with CDs. I would also like to give credit to none other than \\"The master of the mellotron\\" Mike Pinder who worked closely with Derek and Tony in achieving the incredible sounds that were made using the Mellotron (Pindertron). The high quality insert with lyrics,great pictures,band bio and credits,is one of the nicest I have seen in a CD package! In addition to the original 9 songs there are two bonus tracks which are interesting to hear,(imho)although either demos or outtakes.    As a amateur musician and Mellotron maniac,I'm impressed and very happy to have purchased this first installment of what will eventually become a complete collection of the core 7 Moody Blues albums.    I highly recommend this great album whether you are a MB fan or not. Their music can bring you to a place of deep peace, wonder and realization of things that are most precious.    Thanks for the great service Amazon and kind regards to all, Alan
1401923119|5.0|This book bridges the gap between the outmoded Newtonian physics and Quantum physics as they relate to human health and medicine.  When you have finished this amazing, well written book, you will never view allopathic medicine the same again.  And, regardless of your current beliefs, or lack thereof, you will come away with a feeling of real spiritual connection.  I believe this book should be required reading for everyone who wishes to graduate from high school and they should read it again before college graduation.  Also, the more people who read this before conceiving and delivering children, the better a world we would live in.
B001GCUO1Q|5.0|From the production style to the acting to the music to the story... This is a mammoth and amazing film. As well executed as any of the other X-Men films... but the core is much darker and more intense. I can't recommend this film enough, it's really great. (Even the opening titles had me completely entranced and won over.)
B00007E8O5|5.0|Well, I'll make it simple. If you like the new A. In Chains you'll love this album. If you like Boggy Depot you'll also love this album.    The album it's a cathartic exercise mixed with amazing musicianship. Cantrell surrounded himself with Trujillo (now in Metallica) and Bordin from F. No More (Chris DeGarmo contributes on one song). Cantrell sounds more daring and confident in this effort compared to B. Depot, more \\"evolved\\" and willing to take chances (his singing shows it). This is the album (double) it was intented to be done at the beginning, so if you think that the second disc is a filler think again.    As I told you, if you're into the new AIC be ready to add 2 more discs lo listen to because you'll like Degradation Trip 1 & 2, and believe me, this is a fact.
B001FB55HQ|3.0|Ok, so the \\"Terminator\\" films are legend. Arnold, Hamilton and a slew of goofy one liners, chilling murders and mind bending temporal paradox theories really defined a generation for sci-fi. With all of that in my head, I waited with baited breath to see how Christian Bale would handle the Terminator legacy... I was disappointed. I'm not saying I didn't really like the film, but there is more \\"Transformers\\" than \\"Terminator\\" about it. So, my bottom line: If you like Christian Bale, great action, amazing acting and heart pounding music... you're going to love this movie. I really did like it, but it was definitely NOT \\"The Terminator.\\"
B002L5GQGY|5.0|Folks this will be very short and to the point.<br /><br />I have a concert and music documentary DVD collection of 300+ and counting.  It includes many, if not most, genres of music.<br /><br />This DVD has made it to the Top 5 with the first viewing.
B001HN697M|5.0|The Underworld Series has simply stunned me with it's addictive and lasting power. I've seen every installment many times now, and I love them more each time! Rise of the Lycans is without a doubt one of the top five prequel films ever made, and I'm proud to have added it to my collection.    Don't be put off by the swords and sorcery look of this epic! It's every bit as visceral, intense and passion driven as the other films. \\"Underworld: Evolution\\" is still my favorite, but when every film in a series is this good... who cares?
1401323820|5.0|For those who don't keep up with that terrible time waster known as television, Richard Castle is one of the two protagonists of a series called, cleverly enough, \\"Castle.\\" I'm not going to say anything more.<br /><br />This is Castle's first novel based on his ride-a-longs with members of one of Manhattan's crack homicide squads.  We have to believe that there's a lovely officer working this beat, since there is simmering sexual tension flowing through the pages of this book.<br /><br />Written in the style of such masters of murder as Ellery Queen, Dashell Hammet, and Alfred Hitchcock, Castle's alter ego, Jameson Rook, trails the sexy detective as she hunts down the murderer of a New York multi-millionaire.  Nikki must work her way through clues that point her toward the Russian Mafia and the art world. Twists and turns take Nikki and Rook to find the murderer, return millions of dollars in art, and win the day.<br /><br />I'm blown away at how good this book is. It's a quick read, something that you might want to curl up by a fire to read (and did I just write that?  I've been reading too many cheesy mystery novels recently) with your favorite wine and honey.  And, truthfully, I wouldn't mind if that honey was the author himself.<br /><br />Look for the Easter Egg.
0061719544|5.0|I thought Craig's book was great! It is written in a very conversational style that made me feel like he was just sitting next to me, telling his story. There is the occasional \\"oo la la\\" language in the book, but it is not too often. If you like the Late Late Show as much as I do (which is A LOT!) then you will probably find this book to be very entertaining. It gives you a glimpse into his real life...with no excuses or finger pointing.
B000HEWEDK|5.0|Got what I wanted, at a price lower than anywhere else.  Item was received within a couple days.
0739319175|5.0|The Lost Symbol yanks your brain through the pillars of our nation's capitol.  It's challenging, exhilarating, even maddening at times.  Just when I think I've cracked the code and can listen confidently in my \\"I knew it!\\" mindset, I get body slammed by a sharp plot twist.  I'm driving while shrieking and grimacing, yelling warnings to Kathryn and Robert at stop lights.  I'm actually planning a short excursion tomorrow afternoon partly to hear the end (I've got three discs to go).  It'll make a great, albeit gruesome movie.
B000MRAAJM|5.0|The Movie I received is amazing! Although the plastic that holds the planet earth cover was broken when I received it, along with the actual disc holders were broken, I blame that on shipping. I cannot be mad though because I ordered on a Monday and the dvd was at my door that Tuesday.
0385339089|3.0|I thought this book lived up to Grisham's breezy entertaining story-telling. Half-way through the book however I realized how things would plot out and that killed a lot of the excitement for this particular story. Check out Grisham's The Chamber or The Testament, much better fare.
B001DJ7PQ4|5.0|Having already seen the entire series online, I knew the episodes themselves were guaranteed to be good. But the picture quality on the computer was less than perfect. Now that I have the series on DVD, I can see everything quite clearly, and even the sound quality is better.
0385504225|5.0|This book was utterly fascinating. Totally enthralling and captivating. I enjoyed this book infinitley more than the DiVinci Code. A truly great reading experience.
1400064287|5.0|This book should be a required read for all students in business or communications at all Universities.  It teaches some of the most basic principles that have been overlooked in the past 5-10 years as Powerpoint presentations have sucked the life out of most presenters.
1416549447|4.0|This book was recommended to me by a trainer at a health club who runs marathons. I was skeptical at first, but I started to  incorporate techniques described in the book into my running routine. I find that it has been helpful. I don't experience as  much nagging pain as I used to. I think as I learn more about this approach, my running will improve. I recommend this book for  avid runners.
1416955070|4.0|I made the mistake of reading some of the reviews before reading this book - which meant that I kept putting reading this off. Don't make that same mistake.<br /><br />I know very little about the author, and frankly don't care to go find out about her all that much.  This book is a fun, exciting read and Cassandra Clare created an interesting and unique world.  I was fascinated by the runes, the silent men and the darkness of the creatures surrounding Clary.<br /><br />The only thing I did not get about this book was the cover.  What's with the half naked guy?  How does that fit in?  I don't get it - but it does make for some cool looking cover art, I guess!
B002NUULNG|5.0|Anime and GITS fans rejoice with this must have remastered blu-ray version of the original movie. Certainly the CGI additions though good at times are a bit inconsistent in what they add overall but the remastered original animation for blu-ray is fantastic as is the audio. The spoken audio appears to be original (re-mastered I'm sure) so don't expect the flow of any scenes to change. This isn't like [[ASIN:B002KYIAJ2 Evangelion: 1.01]] remakes just an very strong update to the original classic Ghost in the Shell. Special features include the original version of the movie but it does seem to me a bit rough in part going straight to blu-ray. With this blu-ray edition Ghost in the Shell as perhaps regained its place (if it ever lost it) of being what all other anime is judged against. Watch it.
B002TOJOVG|4.0|Although there are plenty of opportunities to find loopholes in the script for LAW ABIDING CITIZEN, it's basically a thriller about vengeance sought by a man wronged by the justice system who feels he has a right to kill anyone connected with the case involving the brutal murder of his wife and daughter.<br /><br />And it's directed in such a skillful way by F. Gary Gray and played with such intensity by GERARD BUTLER and JAMIE FOXX, that it keeps you riveted to the screen for the duration of the plot. The supporting performances are all expert, especially VIOLA DAVIS as the frustrated mayor of Philadelphia and ANNIE CORLEY as a judge who rules by the book. Foxx is the DA who orchestrates a plea bargain for the sake of winning 96% of his cases. Thus begins Butler's ten-year plan for revenge.<br /><br />When you stop to think about it, much of the plot is less than credible with Butler able to outwit and keep one step ahead of the authorities all the way until the contrived ending. But it's an interesting plot, keeping the viewer in suspense as to what will happen next. It succeeds on the high tension level right up to the fiery climax.<br /><br />Butler scowls a lot and gives the impression that he can hold a grudge better than any man on earth, especially since what he does goes to such extremes.<br /><br />Although none of the characters have much depth, they move through their roles with enough skill to make even the credibility angle be something you're likely to overlook for the sake of a good thriller. The tension is set at the grim opening scene and there's never a let-up, even though there are occasional bits of humor thrown in for good measure
0385504225|5.0|It is quite unusual for a followup to a blockbuster to be as good or better than the previous effort but I agree with many that Dan Brown has done it. The best part of this type of book is waiting with bated breath to see how a man survives drowning or how a character escapes from an unescapable predicament. Sometimes you see some things coming and sometines you don't but the fun of the book is that the situations are astonishingly interesting and the resolutions equally satisfying. Now if Mr. Brown can explain how a human being exposed to the kinds of stresses and injuries he inflicts on them can a) remain out of the hospital, b) remain awake and c) retain their sanity, I'd appreciate it, but in the tradition of \\"willingly suspending disbelief\\" in the arts I'll cut him a break yet again in The Lost Symbol.
B0007939NO|4.0|By most accounts, this colorful 1954 feature was not up to the standard of the Broadway stage musical.But I found it enjoyable, albeit somewhat dated.   We hear the title song as we see the sunlight slowly spreading over the quaint Scottish village.   The day finds the villagers enjoying the fair, and the home of one Andrew Campbell(Albert Sharpe)bustling with activity as the widower's flock of daughters  help prepare young Jean Campbell(Virginia Bosler) for her wedding to Charlie Dalrymple (Jimmy Thompson).   Jean's oldest sister, Fiona (the willowy and dramatic Cyd Charisse) dreams of finding her own sweetheart, as we learn from the sisters' pretty and comical number, \\"Waitin' for my Dearie\\" (In which Charisse is dubbed by Carol Richards).   As fate would have it, two wealthy hunters from America have stumbled upon Brigadoon. These include  the kind, amiable, and receptive Tommy Albright(Gene Kelly), and his arrogant and smug friend, Jeff Douglas(Van Johnson) who are baffled because Brigadoon was not on a map.   The locals soon engage with the strangely-dressed newcomers and Meg Brockie(Dody Heath)- whose character is more fully developed onstage than onscreen-- tries to get a little too friendly with a reluctant Jeff.   But soon, Tommy and Fiona meet and are soon wandrin' through the heather on the hill...    In due time, Mr. Lundie( Barry Jones), the elder of the town, explains the mystery of Brigadoon to the American guests--how their minister made a deal with the Powers That Be to separate himself from the village permanently(in response to threats by witches), on the stipulation that the 18th century village's way of life would be preserved by allowing the town to come to life for just one day out of each subsequent century.   But the other part of the bargain is that the residents of the village can never leave Brigadoon. This causes much anguish for Jean Campbell's spurned suitor, Harry Beaton(Hugh Laing), who must suffer seeing his former sweetheart begin a new life with someone else, while he is unable to begin a new life of his own by leaving town to attend the University of Edinburgh.    After a single day of romancing Fiona and cavorting with the villagers, Tommy finds himself grieved by the imperfection of this enchantment as well.    He and Jeff return to their chaotic, upscale lives in New York, where we meet Tommy original intended, Jane Ashton (Elaine Stewart) about whom a changed Tommy has to make a decison....     In the end this is a story that will make a viewer both grateful for the passage of time, and yet also that it may stand still.
B001P9KR8U|4.0|I enjoyed \\"Slumdog Millionaire,\\" but I don't think it's the revolutionary film so many people make it out to be. The best thing about the movie is the unique way it tells the story. A young man named Jamal wins an insane amount of money on India's version of \\"Who Wants to be a Millionaire.\\" He is accused of cheating and is taken into custody. The authorities grill him on how a boy from the slums was able to answer every question on the show. Jamal explains question by question how he knew the answers, and also giving away his life story. This is an amazing story of a young man's life, and I enjoyed the music and the performances by the talented cast of unknowns. However, there were some major holes in the plot, and occasionally the characters' accents were so thick that it was hard to understand them. My favorite part of the movie is probably the credits, which are a lot of fun to watch. I recommend seeing this film, but don't understand why people went so crazy over it.
B000U1ZV8K|4.0|I enjoyed all of them....still dont like 4 anymore than the day it came out but for [...] bucks whos gunna argue. I am thrilled with the purchase I am glad amazon was selling it and I really have nothing bad to say about anything. I also really enjoyed all the footage that was not seen in theaters
B000002J0B|5.0|Only for those who LOVE the band. It was a present and he has played it and smiled all the way through. Classical goodness that transcends to today.
0061719544|5.0|I really liked his book.  I think there is probably a lot left out and that's also, probably a good thing.  I want to say to Mr. Ferguson...........CONGRATULATIONS and Welcome to America.
0061684384|5.0|Kat is a cool lady.<br />For anyone who likes her show,<br />enjoys good artwork, or simply<br />likes Kat, then I would definitely<br />recommend.
B001JE25ZE|3.0|Richard Matheson has never been lacking in imagination, and his signature novel I AM LEGEND is solid proof of that.  The last living human on earth, Robert Neville, eeks out an existence in a post-apocalyptic world by day, then barricades himself in his fortified house by night while under attack by snarling vampires.  If that's not a powerful, frightful premise for a grand spook tale, I don't know what is.  Yet I AM LEGEND disappoints on several levels, often getting in its own way.  Here's why.<br /><br />The story itself is confusing; the reader is informed there are infected humans who eventually become the Undead, and apparently the infected lay for months, then years, in a comatose state before becoming vampires.  That the bacterial infection causing the deadly transformation/mutation accelerates faster in some people than others is believable--Neville's investigation as he tries to defeat the germ is not; it meanders, is uneven, confusing, with several subplots ultimately abandoned.  I found myself continually going back in the story in an attempt to reconcile numerous inconsistencies (until I finally, in frustration, gave up).  Matheson's ending is wholly ingenious, and very fitting, for such a dark, sad tale, yet overall it couldn't overcome how disappointed I was in the overall read.<br /><br />Then there's Matheson's style, which is often problematic:  reliance on too many words and/or phrases (wish I had a nickel for every time I read \\"his throat moved\\"), combined with awkward, ineffective adverbs by the cartload.  I've read several of Matheson's titles and it is what it is:  the author just writes this way, and as a reader you either like it, or you don't.  Alas, I don't.<br /><br />Extras.  If you purchased the Orb edition of I AM LEGEND (the cover you see on this product page) you also get the extra treat of thumbing through several Richard Matheson short stories.  Some of them I enjoyed, such as \\"Prey\\" (which I immediately recognized as the basis of a Seventies made-for-TV movie starring Karen Black) and \\"Person to Person\\"; some were absolutely silly, including \\"The Funeral\\" and \\"Dance of the Dead\\"; and some annoyed me to perdition, especially \\"Mad House.\\"  Regardless, you will get a grand glimpse of the inner workings of Matheson's vast, albeit bizarre, imagination--imagination I appreciate, even if the writing fails to match.<br />--D. Mikels, Author, The Reckoningmovie starring Karen Black) and \\"Person to Person\\"; some were absolutely silly, including \\"The Funeral\\" and \\"Dance of the Dead\\"; and some annoyed me to perdition, especially \\"Mad House.\\"  Regardless, you will get a grand glimpse of the inner workings of Matheson's vast, albeit bizarre, imagination--imagination I appreciate, even if the writing fails to match.  --D. Mikels, Author, The Reckoning
B0029O08WA|4.0|I was a little dissatisfied when I first listened to this soundtrack.  It has a completely different feel than the Twilight soundtrack (which, surprisingly, I  enjoyed).  The Twilight soundtrack has a pop feel while this soundtrack has an indie rock feel, which I think is why the Twilight soundtrack appeals more to the masses than this soundtrack (but we will have to wait and see as more reviews are written).  After about 2 or 3 more times listening to this soundtrack though, I have found that it is growing on me.  I really do enjoy a lot of the songs on this soundtrack.  My favorites are: \\"I Belong to You\\" by Muse (who contributed \\"Supermassive Black Hole\\" to Twilight), \\"A White Demon Love Song\\" by the Killers (but I have a personal bias because I love anything by the Killers), \\"Meet Me on the Equinox\\" by Death Cab Cutie, and \\"Satellite Heart\\" by Anya Marina.     The most surprising was Alexandre Desplat's piano piece entitled \\"The Meadow.\\"  I think it captures the pain and longing Bella feels throughout the novel; it is incredibly beautiful and moving.  I can't wait until the score to New Moon is released.            I think the differences in music choices between the Twilight soundtrack and this soundtrack reflect the distinctions between the two novels. The story of \\"New Moon\\" has a different feel to it.  It does not have the fun, energetic, and fresh tone of first love that \\"Twilight\\" had.  It deals with Bella coping without Edward and the pain that accompanies that loss.  (Okay, my review is sounding like I am critiquing some great work of literature instead of a soundtrack from a popular teen series!)  All-in-all I gave it four stars because I don't think it is the best soundtrack, but it is decent and enjoyable.
1601251505|5.0|Paizo poured their heart into this thing. It's huge! Lots of well thought-out content and beautiful illustrations. And what a steal for the Amazon price! A great surrogate for those of us who thought 4e went too far in changing what we loved most about 3.5.
1401207529|5.0|GRETA BOOK TO GLANCE BACK AT THE EARLY DAYS WHEN JIM GORDAN FIRST COMES TO GOTHAM AND STRUGGLES WITH THE CROOKED DEPT AND BRUCE WAYNES EARLY DAYS AS BATMAN   GREAT READ
0061245097|3.0|Our half-vampire Cat has been working as a vampire-killer for a covert group since she cut off all ties with her vampire lover in the previous book. Of course, she still loves him, and when he finally tracks her down, struggles against the urge to renew their relationship while believing his association with her threatens his existence. When her boss and team find out, their trust in her is shaken, which makes it all the more difficult to combat the mercenaries who are out to kill her for the price on her head. And when she discovers the secrets her employer has kept from her, even more chaos ensues. This second book is action-packed and filled with enough romantic angst for the reader who thirsts for it, but for me it skirts dangerously close to the edge of cheesy at times. Still, despite the extended gratuitous sex scene at the end which really felt overdone and irrelevant, on the whole the book is entertaining and still leaves me curious enough about the characters to read the next installment.
B002MW50KO|5.0|bob does the songs in their familiar fashion. the wonderful thing about this cd is bob's voice and intonations. we know that these songs have special meaning for him and it comes through. i'm a big fan and it is so nice to hear bob's voice doing its thing with all its cracks and warbles. bob's voice is sublime despite its flaws and the beauty of these songs shines through. he wears his heart out on his sleeve. this cd isn't for everyone. it's definitely for bob's fans who will take anything that comes from his heart and work to make it theirs also. it's definitely worth a listen and  its for a great cause.
1400082773|4.0|While the writing style was very honest and quite powerful at points, at times it just got unnecessarily wordy and unbelievably dense.  I was looking for more of a lifetime memoir, more personal thoughts, rather than what is essentially one long essay on his family roots.  I wanted to hear about him, not his slightly distant family.  Auma was the only one I could really tolerate.  I wonder if any, if not all, of the fake names have been revealed since his presidency became a reality.  I also wonder what happened to the people who at any point doubted his abilities.  What are they thinking of him now?  This really is the part of his story that you will definitely not get in the news.  I didn't know any of this about him, other than the whole \\"abandoned father\\" bit, so this was, in that way, really enlightening.  I was glad to hear his idea about having \\"sacred stories\\", life events that make us tick and provide better understanding of a person--but I don't think those were the focus of the book, as they should have been.  I did enjoy reading the \\"six years later\\" bit at the end, but overall, I think maybe I should go read The Audacity of Hope and find a better story there.<br /><br />Rating: 4/5
B00005JLSE|5.0|The dancing by Catherine Zeta Jones is remarkable and the singing both by her, Renee' and (of all people) Richard Gere is very entertaining.  Queen La. is also very good.  The story line with all it's twists and turns along with the overall acting and singing done by each performer makes this a great musical. there are certain scenes I repeat over and over.
B001QOOCTE|4.0|I am very happy and satisfied with the service I received from Amazon my CD came in two days also the music is great and the DVD just compliments everything.
0385504225|1.0|This is Dan Brown?  Where is the taught, energizing style? The truly interesting, conflicted characters?  I am not going to be able to finish this book. It is slow, boring, and reads like something that was paid by the word so the author put as many words in as possible.  I bought this book on my belief in Brown's writing ability.  Never again.
0451529065|5.0|There are several versions of origin out there on the market, some illustrated, some leather bound or hardback, hell there's even one that's been vandalised by Ray Comfort with some embarrassing creationist propaganda - sigh    There's not much new to say about Darwin's words in this book as most versions are just copies of the 150 year old original, a good thing too, but there are a few incentives    The foreword by Huxley is one of the best out there, and lets not forget that this anniversary edition could be a treasure worth owning several years from now, prized by collectors, oh.... and its cheap!    All in all, if you already own origin don't be so quick to pass this one by, it's like buying a rare commemorative stamp or coin, it might just be worth something one day!!!
B001K3JF7K|5.0|This is a great CD. I love Diana Krall & like to play this at night as I'm falling asleep or while driving to ease the stress of traffic. It is so soothing!
1416594787|5.0|Fabulous book!  It is well written, logical and entertaining.  Extremely informative and pursuasive.  It is an honest and direct explanation of the evidence for evolution.    If you don't accept (or more likely don't know anything about) evolution I strongly urge you to read this book.  If you are correct you have nothing to fear from evidence or investigation.
B0024FAR5W|5.0|This series is violent, sexy, and addictive.  All actors are wonderful.  A can't miss.
B000J103PC|4.0|A young women comes to New York searching a job as a journalist. She gets hired in a fashion magazine, which has a very tough work environment with a very tough president. The young women tries hard at first to resist this new culture she got in, however eventually she gets overwhelmed by it and loses many of its personal values and relationships. She experiences an internal struggle on whether she should keep sacrificing her life for her job, or the other way around.    I am not into fashion myself, but I thought this movie depicts a challenge that everyone can relate to. It depicts the struggle between individuality and society, in which society is usually the stronger one and overcomes individuality.
B000EXDS5M|4.0|Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid has meant a lot to the western film genre. It's spawned the Speghetti Western films, started the 'buddy-film' movement, and ditched the tradtional western music for a more contemporary one.     BC&SK is really the OG of the buddy films. Loosely based on historical facts, this is a tale of two friends out agianst the world. With the duo of then-superstar Paul Newman and up and coming sensation Robert Redford, the acting is superb. The writing is very good; just funny enough to be above a sitcom, but not so much that it's a comedy.       A great deal of detail is brough, I love the sepia tone montage, desperado shoot-outs and the variety of settigns. While BC&SK did break major ground, it stays simple and is face value with it's message. The perfect movie to just relax with.
0316010669|1.0|This book is a series of trivial little stores with vast conclusions drawn to fit the authors needs.  In short, we often make decisions( quick or not). Some correct and some incorrect.  I just can't express my disappointment with this book.  I cannot find any conclusions in this book that are not contradicted later.  This is not a self help or an improvement book,  just stories how decisions  affects our lives.  The stories are interesting but drawn out so much that you can skip chapters and not miss anything.
B000WGWQG8|2.0|In nearly every outdoor scene, you can hear flies buzzing.  Once again, I needed closed captioning to hear the whispering of Paul Giamatti and Laura Linney and yet, I could easily hear the flies and see the words \\"flies buzzing\\" on the screen.  And the crazy camera angles, zoom in, zoom out, all of it was distracting from viewing this miniseries in earnest.    I've not read the book on which this series was based but apparently several reviewers feel that HBO did not do it justice.  I will say this, though:  HBO portrayed Adams as a petulant, unforgiving, obnoxious toad.  Perhaps this is good, however, because it's made me decide to read more about John Adams.  It does appear that at least the relationship between him and his wife Abigail was portrayed accurately.  I will watch The Adams Chronicles as well and perhaps I should've done so before reviewing John Adams so that I could make a comparison but, on the other hand, John Adams should be able to stand on its own merits and, for me, it didn't.  I'll concede, however, that it was due to Giamatti's acting and the above mentioned annoying affectations that I did not enjoy this miniseries.
B00004TH7Z|3.0|I really wanted to like this disc more. I've recently dug out my older Maiden albums and I was curious where the latest incarnation has taken them. Given that several reviewers compared this disc to \\"Seventh Son\\", \\"Brave New World\\" made logical sense.<br /><br />The album starts off strong enough, \\"The Wicker Man\\" is a solid track that I find myself liking more and more on repeated listening. It hold up well in the Maiden catalogue. \\"Ghost of the Navigator\\" begins fairly well and overall its a strong song however a trend that will continue for the rest of the album becomes apparent: The constant repetition of the chorus and of the instruments. In Ghost, its not too bad.<br /><br />By the time we finish track 3, I'm beginning to have a hard time listening to the full songs. In fact its not until track 9, \\"Brave New World\\" that another mostly solid, beginning to end song is encountered.<br /><br />This isn't to say the album is bad, it just gets boring. I'd love to see a producer take these tracks, edit them down by about 1 to 3 minutes each and put that out. In other words, \\"Brave New World\\" needs better song editing. Had that been here, this may have been an awesome album. Instead we have two nine minute songs of which 4 minutes (at least) of each song feels like listening to 30 second sound loop.<br /><br />If you are a Maiden fan from the 80s and looking to see what they are doing now, I'd suggest skipping this album and find one of the myriad of greatest hits that is heavy on the new stuff (\\"Wicker Man\\", \\"Fear of the Dark\\", etc). However if you have a few dollars burning a hole in your pocket, you can spend the money on a lot worse things.
B000YABYLA|4.0|Juno (directed by Jason Reitman) is a sugary romantic teen comedy that also doubles as a coming of age story.<br /><br />Juno MacGuff (Ellen Page) is a hip, quirky teenager that must learn to \\"deal with things way beyond her maturity level\\". She becomes pregnant by her best friend Paulie Bleeker (Michael Cera) and enlists the help of her friend Leah (Olivia Thirlby) to search for adoptive parents. They promptly find the seemingly \\"perfect\\" couple in the penny saver, Mark and Vanessa Loring (Jason Bateman and Jennifer Garner). Her father (J.K. Simmons) and stepmother (Allison Janney) are surprisingly (and a little unrealistically supportive.<br /><br />As she navigates the world of teen pregnancy, she discovers that life does not always work out the way anyone plans it to.<br /><br />The beginning lines from Rainn Wilson's character are out of place in even Juno's world. This is the only dialogue that seems grossly unrealistic. The rest of the dialogue can be described as eccentric and it is constantly referencing pop culture. Despite this it appears natural to me. The movie makes me accept that this is merely how Juno and her friends speak. This is nothing out of the ordinary in their world.<br /><br />Page was terrific in her role. She was cynical, hilarious and relatable all at the same time. I honestly wish I viewed life in the way she does. It's one of a kind and not to mention humorous. Cera is once again good at playing awkward. He always succeeds at doing this. His character gives off a quirky, nerdy vibe.<br /><br />My favorite scenes include the chemistry lab and when Juno is trying to find a couple to adopt her baby. The writing by Diablo Cody and execution from Page, Cera and Thirlby is brilliant.<br /><br />The indie soundtrack also meshes nicely with the movie. I get the sense that the songs were picked carefully. They add to the overall tone and mood of whatever scene they are in. \\"A Well Respected Man\\" by The Kinks is the perfect description of Cera's character.<br /><br />However, Juno does stray from reality when it shouldn't Her parents barely protest when she announces she is pregnant. The adoptive parents are found in almost a moment's notice and not much is said about her pregnancy at school. She is given looks but nothing else. While I'm not advocating the ostracization of a teenager, I think it's unrealistic for no one in her school to make a negative comment about it.<br /><br />Overall Juno will please anyone that is OK with the strange dialogue. I think it adds to the movie and makes it incredibly unique. But it also a major part of the movie and may turn some away. So be willing to suspend reality for a couple of hours because Juno's world is similar to ours but also amazingly different.lity when it shouldn't Her parents barely protest when she announces she is pregnant. The adoptive parents are found in almost a moment's notice and not much is said about her pregnancy at school. She is given looks but nothing else. While I'm not advocating the ostracization of a teenager, I think it's unrealistic for no one in her school to make a negative comment about it.    Overall Juno will please anyone that is OK with the strange dialogue. I think it adds to the movie and makes it incredibly unique. But it also a major part of the movie and may turn some away. So be willing to suspend reality for a couple of hours because Juno's world is similar to ours but also amazingly different.
1439102813|5.0|I just finished this amazing book and wanted to say what a profound, enlightening, and incredible story about an incredible woman.  I was so engrossed in the story, I have not been able to think about anything else for days.  This book has provided me with so much insight on Alzheimer's disease. I kept reading, hoping for a happy ending. Thank you for this poignant story.
B002BIULQ2|4.0|I must admit that I watch Hannah Montana. I recently entered into adulthood and I still enjoy this show and others on the Disney channel. They're the perfect cure for a bad mood; where you want to escape back into adolescence and relive simpler days. Hannah Montana: The Movie (directed by Peter Chelsom) carries the same formula.<br /><br />Miley Stewart (Miley Cyrus) is a teenager with a big secret. She is living in two contrasting worlds. One where she is a normal high-schooler who deals with boys and catty girls. The other where she is the famous pop singer Hannah Montana. When she ruins her best friend Lily's (Emily Osment) sweet sixteen and begins to spend more time with her publicist (Vanessa Williams) than her own family, her father Robby Stewart (Billy Ray Cyrus) gives Miley a dose of reality. He whisks her back to Tennessee and presents her with an ultimatum. She must spend two weeks in her home state and decide whether or not she wants to continue to be Hannah Montana.<br /><br />This movie is for children and young adults. If you're an adult you have to come in very open. These people aren't the best actors and they're not going to win an Oscar for their performances. But the movie is light-hearted and optimistic. It's a movie about growing up and deciding what's best not only for the people in your life but yourself also.<br /><br />I believe that's why the younger audiences flock to this movie. Not only because it's Hannah Montana but because they don't strong opinions about what good acting or writing is.<br /><br />Miley Cyrus has improved her acting skills. They're not top notch but they're better than they were when she first got started at Disney. Emily Osment is an enjoyment to watch as always. She's very real when she acts and is better than Cyrus.<br /><br />The songs complement the movie and match the tone of the scene they're playing in. I must admit that Hannah/Miley's songs are addicting. Not matter how much a person might dislike her they can't deny that she has a good voice. Her `live' voice is seasoned for a young performer. She may have a career ahead of her in that area after the sensation of Hannah Montana fades away. Her recent hit \\"The Climb\\", featured in the movie, proves that Miley has no trouble making it onto the radio. She doesn't need Hannah to be popular.<br /><br />Hannah Montana: The Movie will capture the hearts of young audiences. It may surprise an adult or two who remember that this isn't the intellectual comedy of the year. It's simply a sweet children's film.`live' voice is seasoned for a young performer. She may have a career ahead of her in that area after the sensation of Hannah Montana fades away. Her recent hit \\"The Climb\\", featured in the movie, proves that Miley has no trouble making it onto the radio. She doesn't need Hannah to be popular.    Hannah Montana: The Movie will capture the hearts of young audiences. It may surprise an adult or two who remember that this isn't the intellectual comedy of the year. It's simply a sweet children's film.
1607514311|5.0|Well crafted story with laughing and blubbering at every turn!  One of my all time favorite books.
B0029LHW4U|5.0|Pretty much spot on to define this album. No reason to talk about the past, it's all about enjoying the present and future of Alice in Chains. Love this album!
0451529065|5.0|Don't buy the one in RED cover with Ray Comfort's introduction.     This one is the genuine article, a landmark work that forever alters our understanding of nature.
B000002OX7|5.0|I bought this album back in 2001 I think it was, from Wal-Mart. Previously, I had been listening to it on my record player...Well, can't take my record player outside, now can I? lol    Who's Next stayed in my portable CD player for months, literally. The first track, \\"Baba O'Riley\\" offers some amazing synthesizers, and turns into the fast paced \\"Bargain\\". Even if you buy this album for only one song, it really is worth it! I still enjoy putting this album on my MP3 Player and walking. It gives me to motivation to get up and do something...    I love all of the songs, except for \\"Water\\", which is one of the added tracks in the re-mastered version. It's a good listen, but I've never really cared much for that track.    \\"My Wife\\" is one of the few songs that John sings, and I personally think it's worth buying just for that track! But, John is my favorite member, so maybe I'm being a bit bias. lol    Anyway, it's one of The Who's greatest albums. Second to Quadrophenia. If you can, get this and Quadrophenia, which was released after Who's Next. It's worth the money.    However, if you're new to The Who, I really suggest getting a \\"Greatest Hits\\" album [even though most of them tend to have \\"Baba O'Riley\\", \\"Won't Get Fooled Again\\", \\"Bargain\\", \\"Behind Blue Eyes\\", and \\"My Wife\\" on it... Which just goes to show you how great this album is!!]
0316017922|5.0|I am surprised by the number of people who have reviewed Outliers and completely missed the emphasis that Malcolm Gladwell puts on hard work, tenacity, and passion for one's craft.  He explains other hidden factors, but he doesn't forget the importance of labor.  He tells you how the early Beatles had to grab a great opportunity and learn new songs and techniques just to fill the stage time they were given.  Did they get a lucky break?  Well, sort of.  But that lucky break wouldn't have meant a thing if they didn't capitalize upon it.  Gladwell acknowledges this.  Lil' Bill Gates may have had access to computers that few others his age had at the time, but remember: he had to use those labs.  Gladwell acknowledges this.  The kids in the KIPP schools have to work their tails off, and not a soul can deny that.  Gladwell praises the school's demands of excellence.  Hard work is of paramount importance in Gladwell's assessment, but you have to also have the chance do to that work.      I see Outliers not as a refutation of the old Horatio Alger \\"bootstraps\\" stories, but as a rewriting.  Rather than chalking up success to one or two simplistic factors, he gives us a glimpse into the many, many events in our lives--some we can control, some we cannot--that play a role in our successes.  He also explains that we are not dependent on others, but interdependent.  We do not live in a vacuum and thus we do not achieve in one, either.  Far from a victim-loving sob story, Outliers gives fruit for thought about how we came to be where we are and how me might just do better.
B000DWMYQ8|5.0|Our family enjoyed this movie.  A new twist on an old story with lots of laughs!
B001PL4HZW|2.0|so y didnt they have the song let me sign by Robert Pattinson really it was one of the reason's y i wanted the cd but it has one of his songs in it ppppppppffffffffff plus paramore dont even have their 2 songs i like on their cds ppppfffff i'm so mad i had to get the this soundtrack for 2 songs of theirs well i sold this after i copied the songs on a mix cd so i dont have to look at the disappiontment and total waste of money. even in the special version still no let me sign.
0307474275|4.0|I watched the movie before I read the book. I saw the movie when it first came out in theaters and I just finished reading the book about two months ago. From what I remembered of the movie I feel they didn't differ too much, which I felt was a good thing. I hate it when they distort a book so much.<br /><br />This is the second book and flows from the first book, but you're not required to read the first book in order to know what's going on. As usual it follows Prof. Robert Langdon in a high speed, action, thriller to stop someone from doing something they have no business. I felt this one was slowed in nature and wasn't disappointed in that. I felt like I got to know Langdon just a bit better than in the first book. And just as in the first book the detail is just enough that I can imagine myself in the locations without becoming overly bored by them. The chapters are also self-contained.<br /><br />I can say that I loved the ending to this book, far better than the movie. Why they had to change that I don't know.<br /><br />Good second book.
B00003CX8Y|5.0|loved this movie ever since it came out in theaters hope other people enjoy this as well.
B002K0WBXW|5.0|The theme of Anne Fletcher's \\"The Proposal\\" doesn't break any new ground (another terrific film about a marriage 'of convenience' to stay in America was \\"Green Card\\", a few years back), but this 'take' has the benefit of two of the most attractive, likable stars around, Sandra Bullock and Ryan Reynolds, some genuinely witty dialogue, and the beautiful Boston North Shore (substituting for Sitka, Alaska). The result is a film that will leave you with a smile and a desire to cuddle, so watch it with someone you love!<br /><br />In a savvy modern gender reversal, Bullock is a brilliant, if ruthless Canadian book editor, and Reynolds is her long-suffering, but efficient secretary, forced into posing as 'engaged' when she is about to be deported. The pair so obviously are mismatched (by age...she is over a decade older...by temperment, and the fact they can't seem to agree on anything about their past), that the 'Elliot Ness' of Immigration (Denis O'Hare, in a funny turn), gives them just three days (spent at his family's home in Sitka, celebrating Granny's 90th birthday), before his interview will send Bullock back to Canada, and Reynolds to prison.<br /><br />In Sitka, the film really hits it's stride, as we are introduced to the fabulous Betty White (as a very spry nonogenarian) and her cute (and very put-upon) puppy, Craig T. Nelson and (a woefully underused) Mary Steenburgen as his parents, (woefully overused) Oscar Nu&ntilde;ez as the local 'jack-of-all-trades', and Malin Akerman as Reynolds' ex-girlfriend. While some situations are expected, under the circumstances (a shared bedroom and accidental nude...VERY nude...encounter, and a 'baby maker' quilt that always seems to be a prop in films involving ethnic cultures), we also get to really know the quiet Reynolds (who is a gifted writer struggling against a father who had already blueprinted his entire life), and the reason for Bullock's attitude (living on her own since a teen, and overachieving to compensate for a lack of love). While the frequent moments of slapstick are hilarious (the poor dog, a hungry eagle, and panic-stricken Bullock's stolen cellphone is a high point), the character development gives the film 'heart', and makes the growing affection between the pair not only believable, but something to cheer about.<br /><br />In this kind of film, you KNOW everything will turn out all right (what kind of date movie would it be, if it didn't?), but there are a few novel twists to keep things interesting!<br /><br />\\"The Proposal\\" is a winner!the frequent moments of slapstick are hilarious (the poor dog, a hungry eagle, and panic-stricken Bullock's stolen cellphone is a high point), the character development gives the film 'heart', and makes the growing affection between the pair not only believable, but something to cheer about.    In this kind of film, you KNOW everything will turn out all right (what kind of date movie would it be, if it didn't?), but there are a few novel twists to keep things interesting!    \\"The Proposal\\" is a winner!
B001FB55YE|4.0|\\"RocknRolla\\" is a British crime drama directed by Guy Ritchie (Lock, Stock, and Two Smoking Barrels). The film is a about a British crime boss named Lenny Cole (Wilkinson) who is involved in the real estate market. When a wealthy Russian real estate tycoon, and crime figure, Yuri Omovich (Karel Roden) comes looking for Lenny to help in a major new deal things start to unravel.<br /><br />Yuri asks his accountant, Stella (Thandie Newton), to transfer some money to Lenny. Unbeknown to Yuri, Stella mentions the drop off point for the money to a band of thieves, consisting of One Two, and Mumbles (Gerard Butler and Idris). They intercept and steal the money. Also, Yuri has lent his good luck painting to Lenny, but then someone else steals the picture, which Yuri then asks to have returned since he feels his luck has changed since lending it to Lenny. Yuri gets another 7,000,000 for Lenny, but then that too is stolen.<br /><br />In this world of crime there are the scavengers that take and pillage whatever they can at whatever opportunity becomes available. And through a series of unforeseen events these crime bigwigs start to belief that the other is screwing with them. Lenny thinks Yuri is balking at paying the agreed sum of money, and Yuri, after asking for his lucky painting back and getting excuses from Lenny about why he hasn't returned it, believes Lenny is also screwing with him. All the while behind the scenes there are these weasels, and riff-raff who are screwing with them. In a continually amusing series of mishaps and events the sordid underbelly of the real estate world is turned upside down. This film isn't as brisk as \\"Lock, Stock and Two barrels\\", but it is highly entertaining nonetheless.
B002KQ6BT6|1.0|The Da Vinci Code was insulting to the educated reader.  This book is just plain insulting.  Apparently the American public can be easily duped into believing that Masons are evil when, in fact, as Dan Brown makes sure we all know ad nauseam, the Masons are godlike and the saviors of the free world.  The book simply has a silly premise, bland characters, and mediocre prose.  I can forgive the prose if I care about the story, but this story is just too silly.  A female scientist sits in her top secret lab, so well protected only her assistant and her brother know how to get in.  She gets a text message telling her to trust a complete stranger and let him into the lab, so she does.  Really?  And that's just the beginning of a series of incredibly foolish actions taken by people who are supposed to be really smart.   Remind me to never trust the hero, Langdon, with anything important - that exceedingly important box - the one that was generations old - the one Peter trusted him to keep safe; well, apparently Langdon had is kicking around his house ready to toss into a backpack based on the word of, oh yes, a complete stranger.
B00009W0WM|5.0|All-time great is presented well in the Two-Disc Special Edition: two full commentaries plus an entire disc full of extras.<br /><br />Clean transfer, great character actors, timeless story.<br /><br />PLAY IT AGAIN, SAM!
0061719544|5.0|\\"American on Purpose\\" is a great trip from Scotland to the States.  The writer is a great storyteller, and I learned a lot about Craig Ferguson and his struggles in life that I did not know before reading the book.  Craig mixes in just enough humor to remind you that he is the writer, but it is also a serious look at his life.  And it makes for a phenomenal read!
B0002TJGQS|4.0|I was shocked at the great price of these batteries that can sometimes be difficult to find. I'll be sure to check Amazon.com first for batteries like this in future.
B0001WTVUW|5.0|I don't believe this film increased or decreased the possibility of nuclear war. I don't believe it even fractionally captured the nature of nuclear destruction nor of \\"the day after\\";  no film to be viewed by the general public would do so. Nevertheless it is  a good effort at portraying the human side of such an event and it does suggest some of the problems that might ensue from such bombing. The cast lives up to the requirements of the script and the director keeps the action moving forward without falling into a lachrymose stream. If you did not see the TV version, it is worth seeing it in this DVD version.    There are documentaries which show surviving people and their artifacts (buildings, bridges, streets) after they have been impacted by all-out combat. Social science research shows a real possibility that portraying the real horror,as it is, may have  the effect of making people turn their back on anything connected with the realities portrayed. It is doubtful this film went that far.   At any rate, it is a good film to see, not too terrible but , at least, suggestive of the reality.
0061914177|5.0|So - most business books are of the \\"read the first chapter and last chapter\\" and that's all you need to get what they're about. Crush It is different. Inspirational from start to finish and the first book I've read that captures the unique opportunity to build and market a business today. Each chapter drives home why you should follow your passion and spells out how to cost-effectively leverage the Internet's long tail.
0385504225|5.0|I love this book.  Dan Brown is one of the best thriller writers of our time.  I can't put it down.  Keeps you on the edge of your seat and wanting more.  Recommended for everyone who likes mystery and intrigue.
B00000IOSU|5.0|Exactly what I was looking for and more.  Arrived as described, and in even better condition!    I was very happy with the product!!!!
159562015X|1.0|The main concepts of the book can be summarized in 4 pages or gleaned from the reviews here, but what you are really paying for is a one time chance to take the online test to assess your strengths.    Unfortunately Gallup provides only your top 5 strengths without providing your actual score or an indication of how they measure relative to general population.  Their claim is that telling you the score will distract you from the value of the strength and that only the top 5 strengths matter.  I suspect the real reason is that they don't want to let anyone reverse engineer the test and find out how the scoring is done.    All this would still be fine by me if test scores were not important.  But that is not the case.  I took the test twice just to verify the publisher's premises that the results don't vary much based on your mood or from one test to another.  As it turns out only one of the top 5 traits in the test existed in both results.  The other 4 out of 5 were not shared.  This makes the test of limited value.    To be fair, there was a common thread between the two sets of tests.  For example in one test I was the \\"Futurist\\" who is concerned with \\"What if...\\" and \\"Wouldn't it be interesting if...\\" type of scenarios.  In another test my strength was \\"Ideation\\" that is the ability to bring fresh ideas to the table.  But this raises another key question, how reliable are the categories as whole if 4 out of the 5 strengths can be replaced with each other?  This makes the strength categories defined here more like zodiac descriptions than real statistical clusters.  At the very least then, Gallup should publish all your \\"strengths\\" that fall within some margin.      Given all of the above, you are probably more aware of your own strengths that Gallup can tell you.  The test would be of more value if it provided your score for each of your strengths and how they measure relative to the full database.
B000JBWWRY|5.0|Alysha Miller                                                                                                                        Block 3    \\"Come with me where you'll never, never have to worry about grown up things again.\\" That quote, said by Peter Pan, starts a whole adventure with Peter and Wendy. In the movie, Peter Pan, Peter comes to Wendy's house and takes her and her siblings to Never Land, where no one ever grows up. Never Land is filled with pirates, mermaids, Indians, and fairies. Peter and Wendy go through many obstacles to defeat the villain, Captain Hook. One reason that you should buy this movie is because it is entertaining for everyone from kids to adults. The animated and imaginary land will be fun for kids, and the adults will enjoy the wonder of childhood. Also, you should buy this product because it is a Disney classic. It is one of Disney's most famous movies, and you can own it and have the ability to be a part of the magic Disney brings to every film it makes. Finally, you should buy Peter Pan because it will stay in your heart forever. The delightful tale of children just letting go and having fun will always be a reminder to have a good time instead of worrying about problems throughout all of your life. In conclusion, you should purchase Peter Pan because it is enchanting for everyone, it is a famous Disney film, and the concept will be with you forever.
B0026J8LHM|5.0|Where can I begin? I've been a Dream Theater fan ever since a friend of mine introduced me to \\"Images and Words.\\" So I have had the great experience of listening to their music which is, without a doubt,beyond words. For me, \\"Black Clouds and Silver Linings\\" evoked undescribeable emotions; the same way \\"Images and Words\\" did when I first heard it. From start to finish, there is a roller coaster of feelings when listening to all the selections. I simply cannot put each song in a category of its own. There is just no way!! They grew onto a whole other level of musicianship and lyrical writing that I feel surpasses all the other albums. I was hoping that someday they would write like they did on \\"Images and Words.\\" I believe that \\"Black Clouds...\\" is that album. It should really be given 10 stars. Beyond Words!!!!!
B002SJIO54|5.0|This movie I regard as brilliant, and yet I cannot give an unequivocal recommendation to any one of my friends. Why? Well it breaks all kinds of barriers, including some that many people hate to have broken. It depicts a wide variety of horrors, some of which are:    1) Several scenes of extreme violence, including edged instruments to remove parts of a living body.  2) There is a clear theme of racism, comparable to Hitler against Jew and Gypsy prisoners, comparable to South Africa in apartheid years against blacks (but it is rather witty that S.A. black citizens are now with the oppressors).  3) Are you squeamish about a scene depicting ritual cannibalism? It's in there.  4) Are you squeamish about the F-word? It's used dozens of times in several languages.  5) Are you squeamish about all the Nigerians in the film being violent thug warlord/robber types? We know Nigerians are not all like that, but the film knows we know and does not bother to be \\"fair and balanced\\".  6) Want to see a scene of abortion on an alien? It's in there.    That is a fair list of the type of thing that might spell \\"deal killer\\" for intelligent adults, and legitimately so. But if you can conceive that such scenes might be used in a smart film, and are willing to give it a try, then you really should. I thought it brought together a bunch of themes from The Twilight Zone, from Cronenberg horror films, from left/right political thinking, and yes even from the best of shoot-em-up alien movies. To my thinking this has been the best movie I've seen all year.
B002GYVRRI|5.0|Just received the 5.1 release of Red through Amazon. Overall, I'm delighted with it so far - I have only listened to the DVD disk, which contains the 5.1 mixes and the extras. I haven't listened to the CD.    I have really enjoyed the extras - the French TV video footage is great (apart from some silly special effects - though nowhere near as bad as those on ELP's Pictures at an Exhibition DVD - and the bonus audio tracks, particularly the Fallen Angel Trio track - just bass, drums and guitar. So clean, but powerful.  I would love to hear more of this type of mix. Although I like Wetton's voice and Cross' violin, they sound in the way when you compare Fallen Angel to Fallen Angel Trio.    The 5.1 mix of A Voyage to the Centre of the Cosmos (from The Great Deceiver) is also great - I hope that Steve Wilson is going to do 5.1 mixes of the live albums, including Earthbound!    The 5.1 mix of Red sounds wonderful; it's rich and powerful and seems to give the mix the space to really bring out Bruford's drumming.    A couple of minor disappointments. The packaging was OK, but I was hoping for something better. The booklet was weak - another silly Fripp essay, a piece by Sid Smith that told me nothing I didn't already know (I've been a KC fan for 35 years - primarily the 1969-1974 line-ups), plus some good pictures.  I wanted to read about the 5.1 mixing process, working with the master tapes, etc.     Overall, I much prefer the packaging on the last copy of Red I bought, with the mini-LP style case.    All in all, I'd definitely recommend this set. I cannot wait to hear Lizard and In the Court of the Crimson King when they come out in November 2009. Then I will look forward to Islands (a personal favorite) and Larks Tongues in Aspic in 2010.
B000063UR2|5.0|Very cool!  Both cuts are awesome, I recommend this movie to everyone with an imagination.  I love it.
B000026FJ6|5.0|Absolutely love it.  Mike Oldfield is truly original -- when he's not stuck in the Disco groove, that is.  If you love Tubular Bells I, I recommend this one, as well as Tubular Bells II.  TB III is a little different, but I like that one too; and the music from Killing Fields.
B001HOF8AA|4.0|I love this woman and I love this music! Imelda's singing will rip your heart out, and the band cooks.  So buy this CD and give these young musicians a chance.  BUT also consider that I finally gave up adjusting the bass and treble on the CD player in the car because I figured out that it was unfixable.  I'm no audiophile by any means, but even to my ears the mix on this thing is just awful.  Half the time the vocal is lost in the bass.  Imelda, you really deserve a lot better presentation than this record company is giving you here.  Frankly, the sound on the YouTube videos is way better.
B000ICL3KG|5.0|This movie was great. It really brought the issue of global warming into an alarming perspective...one we shouldn't ignore. Gore worked hard to explain the global impact, not just from a U.S. standpoint. This is a must-see, especially for those who aren't clear on the issues of global warming.  Watch the movie!
0307454541|5.0|Stieg Larsson was born in 1954, was a journalist and an expert on anti-democratic and far-right organisations. He died suddenly in November 2004, shortly after delivering the manuscripts for three crime novels - known together as the Millennium Trilogy - to a Swedish publisher. \\"The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo\\" is the first part of this trilogy.<br /><br />Mikael Blomkvist is a journalist based in Stockholm. As well as writing for the current affairs magazine, Millennium, he's also the publisher and part owner - alongside Christer Malm and Erika Berger. (Christer acts as the magazine's art director and designer while Erika - the magazine's majority partner - is the editor in chief. She and Mikael first met at journalism school twenty years previously and have always had a hard time keeping their hands off each other. Mikael's marriage eventually failed because of his feelings for her. Erika's is still intact, though her husband knows and can apparently live with what's happening).<br /><br />Millennium isn't yet a big player, but things had been moving along nicely - the magazine's circulation and its advertising revenue had both been rising steadily. However, trouble is looming thanks to an article written by Blomkvist where he claimed Hans-Erik Wennerstr&ouml;m - a very wealthy financier - had used state funds for shady arms deals. At the time of writing, he was certain his story was good and his sources were solid - in fairness, it does seem clear that Wennerstr&ouml;m was up to something very shady. However, things haven't worked out the way they should have :  when we first meet him, Blomkvist has just lost a libel action brought by Wennerstr&ouml;m. In order to protect Millennium from Wennerstr&ouml;m and his circling lawyers, Blomkvist decides to step down from the roster and take a good, long break.<br /><br />As he's clearing his desk on Christmas Eve, Blomkvist takes a telephone call from Dirch Frode - an aging lawyer, acting for Henrik Vanger. The name alone is enough to grab Blomkvist's attention - although now retired, Vanger is well known as an honourable `old-school' businessman whose name still carries a great deal of clout. (Vanger's nephew is now in control of the Vanger Corporation - it's not quite the elite company it once was, but it's still more than respectable). It appears there's a freelance assignment on offer, though Blomkvist has to travel to Vanger's place for the details. Officially, he'll be writing the history of the Vanger family; unofficially, he'll be investigating the disappearance of his Vanger's niece, Harriet - who Henrik is convinced was murdered nearly forty years previously. In return, Blomkvist will not only be very well paid - but Vanger will hand over evidence that Wennerstr&ouml;m is a swindler and a crook.<br /><br />Unknown to Blomkvist, he has already been thoroughly checked out. Frode had approached Milton Security to run a little background check on Blomkvist. The check had been carried out by Lisbeth Salander, who - despite having a very difficult background - is probably the company's most thorough investigator. It would be easy - and foolish - to dismiss her based on first impressions : she didn't finish high school and has no formal qualifications, has several piercings and tattoos and is barely five feet tall. However, she is highly intelligent, resourceful and knows exactly how to handle herself in a dangerous situation. She also comes across as being rather cold and detached and - when Blomkvist finally meets her - he suspects she may actually have Asperger's syndrome. Fortunately for Blomkvist, when they meet they're working together as allies....<br /><br />\\"The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo\\" is comfortably the best thriller I've read in a long time. It can, at times, make for uncomfortable reading - Salander's had a very tough life, and she continues to be badly treated by her current guardian Nils Bjurman. (What happens between the pair isn't exactly pleasant). I didfind a little odd was that Blomkvist was really the book's lead character - I'd have thought, given the book's name, it would have been Salander who played that role. Hopefully, I'll learn a bit more about her in the next instalment. A cracking read, totally recommended.lead character - I'd have thought, given the book's name, it would have been Salander who played that role. Hopefully, I'll learn a bit more about her in the next instalment. A cracking read, totally recommended.
B0029O08WA|2.0|LOVED the Twilight score and soundtrack. Let's hope this soundtrack isn't an indication of what to expect from the film. There are MAYBE four songs on here that are memorable. The rest are so avantgarde and weird it's like every odd band out there raised their hand to be included on this CD. Soundtrack lacks the mood and feeling so perfectly portrayed in the Twilight soundtrack - a nice match for Twilight the film. Like I said, if this is anything like the movie, then we're in trouble.
B0029LHW4U|5.0|Jerry Cantrell and his bandmates should be proud of what they've accomplished here; not only did they leave the Alice in Chains legacy untarnished (a difficult enough feat when you're replacing a lead singer who was so integral to the sound), they've managed to forge a new path with the incredible musicality contained on this disc. My picks - \\"A Looking in View\\", \\"Your Decision\\", \\"Take Her Out\\" and my personal favorite, \\"Private Hell\\", a song that didn't really stand out at first but which I can't stop listening to now. That said, every track on this disc earns a place here. Great rock album - and an amazing statement of tenacity and purpose - from a band that has gone through heck and back and emerged scarred but not beaten.
0446402397|3.0|This is very much a page-turner and an impressive debut novel, to be sure.  I like Rob Smith's terse, spare style of writing.  And he's created some truly memorable characters.  But the plot becomes increasingly implausible as the story unfolds... simply too many narrow escapes and contrivances, that had me saying aloud at least two or three times: \\"oh come on now, how are they gonna get out of THIS predicament??\\".  Sets up perfectly for a sequel, but not sure I want to join Leo and Raisa for any further fantastical adventures.    Still, all in all a good read.  Just don't expect believability in this particular work of 'historical fiction'.
0307346617|5.0|This book was exceptionally well thought-out; Brooks covers elements of a zombie outbreak that I hadn't even considered.  This book is not gorey, but is nonetheless frightening due to its implications; it shows the human race at both its noblest and its most repulsive once the survival instinct takes over.  It's a great read, I highly recommend it.
068484267X|5.0|I'm with one of the Osher Lifelong Learning Institutes (OLLI), where folks over 50 take scholarly classes. Angela's Ashes was recommended reading for our memoirs class. What a wonderful, thoughful book. I love Frank McCourt.
1416594787|5.0|\\"The Greatest Show on Earth\\" does for evolutionary science what Sagan's \\"Cosmos\\" did for cosmology.  Dawkins does an incredible job of explaining the wonder of the evolutionary process in ways that the layman can easily understand.
B0001Z52RU|2.0|The Butterfly Effect: 4 out of 10: The first 40 minutes of The Butterfly Effect are tough sledding. It's not incompetent film-making mind you. If anything the film is simply too effective. Literally showing the world's worst childhood. It is so much of a downer with its child molestation, its baby killing and, most unforgivingly, its burning puppies; that it is almost a Stephen King parody rather than an actual science fiction drama.    I guess there is a reason we repress memories after all. I would repress this childhood as well.    The film to that point kind of reminded me of Sleepers in that it was so unpleasant to experience that it simply doesn't matter how good the movie really is. Then the movie takes a wild turn as Ashton Kutcher shows up as the adult version of our protagonist.. As easy a target as he is I hate to admit the second two-thirds of the film are really not his fault.    Some notes to writer/directors Eric Briss and J. Mackye Gruber. If your going to have scenes in a prison you might want to visit one first, or at least watch a documentary on the same. Speaking of documentaries \\"Revenge of the Nerds\\" and other eighties comedies are not a documentaries on college life. Sororities do not resemble the Playboy Mansion. And twenty-three year old crack whores often look bad, but they tend not to resemble a Dawn of the Dead extra.    If The Butterfly Effect didn't keep flashing back to the puppy and baby horrors, then the second two thirds would be a hoot. There is even a \\"hey there is a psycho chasing me lets take a walk in the dark woods\\" scene.    To add injury to insult, since Kutcher's time travel effects only his friends and family and nothing else at all. The Butterfly Effect inadvertently substantiates the reverse of the Butterfly theorem.    Needless to say the change in tone from the childhood scenes and adult scenes is jarring. Though most of the humor in the adult scenes is admittedly unintentional.    Kutcher travels back in time by staring at notebook paper. I tried the same technique staring at my screen. It didn't work I still lost two hours.
1594488916|4.0|John Gilkey loved books too much; not the familiar pleasure of losing himself in their tales, but the sheer acquisitive love of a collector for the object of his desire. Unfortunately, Gilkey acquired his collection of rare and valuable books by theft.<br /><br />Author Allison Hoover Bartlett, researching the world of rare books, was fascinated by Gilkey's story. She learned that thievery is rampant in the rare-book business. After reading widely on the subject, she got in touch with a dealer named Ken Sanders who claimed to have put Gilkey behind bars. Sanders had almost by chance found himself appointed the security chair of the Antiquarian Book Dealers of America; outraged by the flagrant thefts, he persuaded the Association's committee to establish a database and email notifications of stolen books. The members coalesced into a network of amateur sleuths, and Gilkey wound up in prison for writing bad checks.<br /><br />Bartlett first interviewed Gilkey while he was in San Quentin Prison. She was fascinated by his obsession with books: he wanted them for the sheer secret pleasure of owning them and also for feeding his fantasy that people would regard him as a cultured, important man if they only knew what he had. While storing most of his books in a storage facility, he imagined himself surrounded by a personal library of fine, rare editions.<br /><br />After Gilkey was released from prison, Bartlett stayed in touch. They met for interviews, attended book fairs together, even browsed in bookstores under the eagle eye of suspicious proprietors. Using numbers from stolen credit card slips, he traveled around the country to steal and live the luxurious life to which he felt entitled; his father was frequently his partner in crime.<br /><br />[[ASIN:1594488916 The Man Who Loved Books Too Much: The True Story of a Thief, a Detective, and a World of Literary Obsession]] is fascinating on the subject of rare books and the crimes they inspired (Gilkey's and many others). Sanders and Gilkey, however, are less vividly portrayed than their respective feats might warrant. Bartlett's Gilkey has the raw material to be another Frank Abagnale, whose flamboyant 1980 memoir [[ASIN:0965496309 Catch Me If You Can]] made life on the grift sound great--but no, she doesn't seem sure how to present him. I was less interested in Bartlett's conflicted feelings about Gilkey, than in the books and the business.<br /><br />THE MAN WHO LOVED BOOKS TOO MUCH was well written and an interesting read, if lacking in authorial distance. Four stars.<br /><br />Linda Bulger, 2009er, are less vividly portrayed than their respective feats might warrant. Bartlett's Gilkey has the raw material to be another Frank Abagnale, whose flamboyant 1980 memoir [[ASIN:0965496309 Catch Me If You Can]] made life on the grift sound great--but no, she doesn't seem sure how to present him. I was less interested in Bartlett's conflicted feelings about Gilkey, than in the books and the business.     THE MAN WHO LOVED BOOKS TOO MUCH was well written and an interesting read, if lacking in authorial distance. Four stars.    Linda Bulger, 2009
B0000714BP|5.0|i have ordered alot of things through amazon and i am always satisfied with my purchases..i don't trust any other website to order from..thank you for making ordering easy..Mrs.Gonzalez
B002BSHWUU|5.0|The Beatles remastered stereo set is very well done.  Great cover art, booklets, short documentaries on each disc.  Lovely.  Sound quality is superior to earlier attempts.  The mono to stereo albums make one desire the mono set, but as this set is set up so one can't buy individual albums, I choose to give the mono box a miss (hopefully, in the future, the albums will be available individually).    I'm glad that I purchased the remasterd stereo cds.  I'm on such a Beatle's kick that I even went out and purchased the Beatles Rock Band kit for Nintendo Wii.  My young boys are going to be astonished this xmas.      This stereo remasterd albums are well worth the lolly (and I may just end up springing for the mono set in the distant future).  Cheers.
B000YXMMAO|5.0|The order got here quickly. Unfortunately, I was unaware that I would also have to pay extra postage and pick it up at the post office once it arrived. That was a little annoying, but it was in very good condition when it arrived. A very good deal.
B000URWYTS|1.0|Woman has a boring husband. Woman meets intellectually interesting and exciting married man. Woman leaves husband for the exciting, talented man. Woman travels through Europe for a year or so with lover but feels \\"wrenched\\" that her children are home. She returns, divorces her boring husband, moves with children into fantastically designed house built by her lover. Dies young in a fire set by madman. Children perish as well. This is fullfillment? Living one's dreams? Really, what's the point???
B002K0WBXW|4.0|OK    so, shakespeare did a better job with his story of the shrew tamed by love, but not many scripts or plays can compare to the bard.   that said, forget the plot (the devil wears prada did it much better) and just watch an exemplary cast of actors do their thing; and do it marvelously!   sandra bullock looks wonderful in this flick, even if it is difficult to believe she is such a bitch.  ryan reynolds is, flat out, gorgeous!  dude has the face and the body and the acting chops; what else do you want in a romantic comedy?  the supporting cast is stellar:  mary steenburgen, craig t. nelson, and betty white are pure pleasure.  suspend your disbelief, get comfy, enjoy the characters and their interactions; just forget the silly plot.
0316017922|4.0|Why are Asians better at math? How did Bill Gates become so successful? These are just a few of the questions answered by Malcom Gladwell in Outliers. This book gives several intriguing stories about success that make you think differently about life and little things. You are in control of your future, so don't be afraid to take advantage of the small opportunities that come your way!
0316017922|4.0|This is an excellent book...to read the Cliff Notes for. Or, you could just have someone summarize the book for you. Gladwell is a brilliantly insightful guy but generally takes one main insight that would easily fill a New Yorker article and stretches it out into an entire book.  Then there are some secondary insights that are needed to expand the length of the book into a respectable size, that just aren't remotely as interesting as the first (on accident of birth year) and second (on the importance of birth month).  Don't get me wrong -- these insights are outstanding...but did we have to buy an entire book to get them?
B000DWMYQ8|4.0|My son (3) thoroughly enjoyed this movie.  It's fast-paced and has great music, and enough humor for parents that it kept me entertained as well.  A few spots were even laugh-out-loud funny.  A great addition to any kids' movie collection, and a very cute retelling of a classic tale.
0385504225|2.0|Not in the same category as The Da Vinci Code or Angels & Demons.  While the \\"bad guy\\" in Lost Symbol was truly grotesque and evil, the rest of the characters were not memorable.  And, sadly, Robert Langdon seems to have been lobotomized since we last saw him.
0439875889|5.0|My son received this book on his first birthday, and we've read it every night since.  It was an instant favorite in our house - charming rhymes, interesting illustrations and a very cute story as the llama goes around asking all of his animal friends if their mamas are llamas.  Each rhyme explains what makes different animals unique, and what distinguishes them from llamas.<br />This and The Big Red Barn are our must-read bedtime books!
B000002UWF|5.0|I really love this CD, it is a fun disc to listen to. Louis Prima and Sam Butera are great together!
B002MQYOFW|4.0|My school librarian recomended this to me and I am so glad! There is never a dull moment while reading this book. If you love fast-paced, suspence novels then I recomend The Hunger Games completely!
0823015017|5.0|I have a lot of polymer clay books and so many of them seem the same. I was pleasantly surprised at the unique perspective of this book. Well done!
B002TOJOVG|3.0|Clyde Shelton (Gerard Butler), a gadget inventor and a self described law abiding citizen, has lived the past decade with the unrelenting memory of the brutal murder and rape of his wife and daughter; a memory made worse by the fact that, while the murderer's accomplice received a death sentence for his crime, the actual killer escaped with but a few years in jail. Shelton is blaming the entire Philadelphia justice department for this unfair deal, particularly though the ambitious assistant DA Nick Rice (Jamie Foxx). Not wanting to risk his 96% conviction rate, Rice made the deal with the killer after a series of investigative blunders threatened to set both criminals free. Starting at the moment of the execution of one of the perpetrators, Shelton unleashes his cold and bloody revenge on both the killers as well as the justice department, hoping his actions will reveal the hypocrisy and bring the entire institution down. Though he quickly and almost cheerfully makes his intentions clear to Rice, not even solitary confinement in a maximum security prison can ease Shelton's grip on his revenge plans, with Rice clearly being one of his intended victims. Is Shelton just a brilliant inventor, or someone far more sinister? Who is providing assistance to him outside the prison? Can they be stopped before crippling the city of Philadelphia with their reign of terror?<br /><br />As one settles to view what is promising to be a gripping tale, disappointment soon replaces glee. The story has a few clever twists and turns, as well as (long) moments of absurd and lunacy. Unfortunately, the balance is tipped toward the latter.  Lack of logic frequently peers from behind the weak script, spoiling one's enjoyment of the fast action. The action evolves around the heroes' fight for answers and survival. However, the impact of this race against time is severely undermined by the lack of a protagonist. The viewer doesn't care who lives or dies. Gruesome and unnecessary brutality as well as Butler's inexplicably gratuitous nudity disturb and baffle, respectively. The abruptly sugar sweet ending departs vastly from the general \\"feel\\" of the movie, delivering the final blow to the credibility of the film's plot.<br /><br />I really wanted to like this one. Good thrillers have been far and few this year. I am giving Law Abiding Citizen two and a half stars, as the recognition of its unrealized potential and the few clever twists. Alas, too few to make the film a riveting watch...l as Butler's inexplicably gratuitous nudity disturb and baffle, respectively. The abruptly sugar sweet ending departs vastly from the general \\"feel\\" of the movie, delivering the final blow to the credibility of the film's plot.        I really wanted to like this one. Good thrillers have been far and few this year. I am giving Law Abiding Citizen two and a half stars, as the recognition of its unrealized potential and the few clever twists. Alas, too few to make the film a riveting watch...
B001BTG3OQ|5.0|This choice met my expectations with the highest degree of satisfaction.  I have used it for outdoor events in low light situations requiring a flash for a balanced exposure.  The light output is more than sufficient for group photos of 40 persons and more.  I also appreciate the auto exposure of the flash for backlighted subjects in full sun.  Great results.
B002S0OBFK|5.0|It's 3 o'clock in the morning. Instead of slumbering comfortably in my king size bed, I am sitting at my computer with the house awash in lights: I have just returned from a midnight screening of Paranormal Activity. It will be awhile before I dare sleep again...<br /><br />Katie and Micah are a young couple who have just moved in together. During the nights, Katie is plagued by nightmares and experiences a general feeling of dread; something that has been happening to her on and off since the age of eight. To ease his girlfriend's discomfort, but mainly to satisfy his own selfish curiosity and prove he is the alpha creature in the house, Micah procures a camera and begins to record their bedroom as they sleep. He also documents their daily conversations and frequent bickering about the unwanted guest. Is it a ghost, a demon, or the pervy kid next door? Whatever/whoever is after Katie, does not appreciate Micah's attempts at taking charge. Slowly, things begin to... take shape...<br /><br />Paranormal Activity is the best case of BOO!'s I have experienced in a movie theater in over a decade.  With only a few brilliantly placed bumps, groans and innuendoes, the simple story fuels your own imagination to the point you are roasting in fear and tension. The entire film is shot with a hand held camera inside one house. Thankfully, there is little \\"shakiness\\", as the camera is either secured on a tripod or resting on a surface. Of the four actors involved, two appear on screen for mere minutes. All this adds to the viewer's feeling of isolation, entrapment and inescapable doom, fully justified by the ensuing events... Five star entertainment, no doubt! With that said, I believe this film is best appreciated at night, on a large screen, with a group of viewers (to feed of each others fears). I will be curious to see how it does on DVD. The action develops VERY slowly (purposefully so). If you have ADD, this may not be a film for you.<br /><br />PS: I think by now, most know Paranormal Activity was made on a budget of $15,000. This further goes to prove that huge budgets can never substitute for true talent. I hope Mr. Peli (director, writer and editor) has a long and successful career.s made on a budget of $15,000. This further goes to prove that huge budgets can never substitute for true talent. I hope Mr. Peli (director, writer and editor) has a long and successful career.
B002NY731U|3.0|i was going to give this two stars at first, but the solos and overall production give a little back to what is wrong with this album... lyrics. this had the potential to be megadeth's next classic but dave mustaine has the knack to cheese up a really good song with goofy ass, hokey lyrics. sometimes it's subtle enough to ignore. other times it's laid on so thick you just can't take it anymore, and this is what the good majority of this album is. good tracks with really bad lyrics. it's a shame. there are two, maybe three, solid songs on here. the rest is great playing (very prog at times) made too painful to bear. this would make a great instrumental album, i would love this if all the vocal tracks were removed.
B001IAFRB8|5.0|This is an amazing historic, literary work. It is similar to Homer's Iliad and Odyssey (Based on history, but has many fictitious moments). This is my personal favorite set of books. I chose my major because of this work. Moss Roberts does a fantastic translation of a literary work that has helped shape China. The book opens with Liu Xuande (Liu Bei), Guan Yu, and Zhang Fei declaring their brotherhood. This work flows with strategy, both militaristic and political with many vying for power, with an unlikely force winning. In the end, the shadows are the way to gain overall power. This set comes with 2 books, with the first having a green cover and no real extras, and the second has a blue cover, with the conclusion and many extras, including definitions of titles, places, etc. Notes are also contained within the second volume, which greatly help in understanding the flow and historical background of the work, and a chronology of events is also placed in the second volume, with many other extras also included. Overall, an amazing translation of an amazing historic, literary work.
B000007MVL|5.0|Kate Bush's second album \\"Lionheart\\" was released just nine months after her debut \\"The Kick Inside\\", which reached #3 in the UK album charts. At this time, Kate Bush was pressured by EMI to quickly develop a follow up to ride the success of her first record.    \\"Lionheart\\" is a more theatrical album, and at times a bit dark. Some of the songs have a dream-like quality(\\"In Search of Peter Pan\\"). However, it is all these characteristics that form the true magic of this album!    \\"Symphony In Blue\\" is a joyful song that compares colors to moods. \\"Wow\\" is a dramatic ballad which describes a relationship theatrically on a stage. \\"Coffee Homeground\\" is filled with paranoia and sounds like a show tune. The album closes with the goth-horror \\"Hammer Horror\\", which I personally feel is the weakest track on the album(ironically it was the first single and only reached #44 on the UK singles chart).    Overall, I think \\"Lionheart\\" stands on it's own and shows a slightly darker side of Kate Bush's eccentric and creative mind.    4 1/2 Stars!
B000M0XJ88|4.0|I got the watch about 1 moth ago, so far accuracy is great.  If you leave the watch at night dial up it runs +4 seconds per day.  If you leave the watch at night crown up it runs -2 seconds per day. This accuracy you can get in watches worth more than $1,000  The combination black dial white hands/numbers is very easy to read.  Case is on the mid-small size.  I replaced the nylon band with a black leather one.  It's a very good value for the price you pay.
0545123267|3.0|I was unfortunatley disappointed by this book.  I felt like it kept trying to lead up to some dramatic end, or to tell of a great romance.  It never quite hit the nail on the head for me it kind of left you with a sense of it not being descriptive enough.
B002I9Z89Y|5.0|Most of us have seen these episodes ad nauseum to the extent we know them by heart, and quite possibly all the dialogue as well. With that in mind, it has become more difficult to justify the expenditure of yet another Star Trek release. Fear not these Blu-Ray releases deliver - in spades. First off the picture quility is perfect - no other word for it- flawless colours, depth and contrast, presented in pillarbox format to preserve the original 4:3 TV presentation. The new HD effects are excellent, and are subtle enough not to detract. For those who are purists among us, you can of course toggle between the new and original effects without interrupting an episode, but be advised that Blu-Ray does show the severe limitations of all but a few of the original effects. Most of the extras from the DVD sets are included, and the remainder are being added to the BD Live section of the discs. A few new informative HD extras include a new HD transfer of the Animated episode 'More Tribbles, More Troubles', Billy Blackburn's Home Movies and much more.    Recommended.
1582701709|4.0|The only thing I didn't like was that it doesn't give praise to the Lord for blessings.  It seems to imply that we should take all of the credit for everything. This book was good that I think I will read it several times each year as a great way to stay positive and stay focused.  I recommend this for all people of any age.  It's a great reminder of how powerful our thoughts are, stay positive and encouraged.  Buy it, read it, live it!  :)
B002QS5OQ4|5.0|I've been a Stargate fan nearly my whole life. From the movie to the shows, to the movies and back to the show, I can say that I have always loved the franchise. I am looking forward to the MMO Stargate Worlds when that comes out.    The new show in the Stargate world is Stargate Universe. The prospective storyline for this is full of potential. Anyone who enjoyed Voyager or BSG will probably recognize the similarities SGU brings in the pilot episodes.     Anyone who finds this similarities disheartening should think again. The writers are certainly fully aware of the initial similarities and will make sure that SGU is new in its own right.    I am not a critic. Therefore I cannot comment much about the acting in SGU. I will say that a lot of the actors are young, and for a single show they did manage to find a lot of women that just come across as evil, annoying, and just plain bitchy. I hope the writers found time to kill a few of them off.    No story would be right without a few antagonists in the mix anyways.    Sex scenes...? I really honestly find no point to them at all... any viewers attracted by a flash of bare skin and moaning are going to be gone as soon as you get back to the show.    Identify with Robert Carlyle. The guy is a hint of crazy dashed with superior acting and a dislike of other people in general.     Stargate is just one of those shows that makes you shake your fist at the screen and scream \\"why...! Why must this happen...! This is so unfair@@! It's not right!\\".     If you've read a lot of negative reviews to this point... well I suggest you ignore them and watch the show for yourself. Ultimately you are the one who will either love or hate this show. Take these reviews as evidence that this show has controversial appeal to viewers, and you need to decide who's right and who's wrong.
B000JK8OYU|5.0|This is an excellent CD.  The music comes from the Beatles Love show in Las Vegas.  If you have not seen it yet it is a must. Next on my list to buy is the DVD of the show.
B002GZQYMA|5.0|From the first few seconds of the first track, you get the feeling the Muse are not only trying to  make a statement, but also surrounding you with a sonic intensity that I haven't experienced since I first heard Nine Inch Nails. Not as industrial as NIN, but quite the musical journey as the album moved you through the ebbs and tides with each track, only to ease you down to the last three track of Exogenesis which leaves you floating out in space to condemplate who you are, why are you here and where are you going?
B001KVAMM4|3.0|Anne-Sophie Mutter's performance of the concerto is very good. Her technique is immaculate and she plays with vigor. Masur is an able if unspectacular accompanist; watching the DVD reveals what a curious conducting style he possesses!<br /><br />The reality is that while Mutter's concerto performance is admirable, the competition in this repertoire is fierce. Heifitz (RCA), Mintz (DG), Ricci (Decca) are a few that are equal or better. So it comes down to the coupling; unfortunately the Trio No. 1 is not a competitve version. Previn's pianism is sadly not up to the task; he seems to be struggling in the faster and more difficult sections. There are also moments of ragged ensembleand the sound is less than ideal. Listen to Julia Fischer and friends on Pentatone to hear what this sparkling music can sound like. 4 stars for the concerto and 2 for the trio.
B002SDGMVI|5.0|This LP came out of no where on my musical spectrum and blew me away. Im not big on female vocal besides Portishead ... And Im a flaming lips, ween, we were promised jetpacks sort of pallet. This LP is really, really great. Power ballads and songs that make you smile and feel good. A++
B002GY9F9K|2.0|The books are much better but you know this, how often is a movie or a television show better then the book it is based on.  Not often.  Make no mistake if you have read these books you will be disgusted and frustrated by this show.  However if you are a fan of the Hercules and Xena television shows which Sam Rami also produced you may dig the acting and high production values found here.  Characters, places, lore and scenarios have been borrowed from the source material but have been used liberally to create self contained episodes that wrap themselves up in the fashion of a fable, complete with a black and white moral outcome.  Even excluding the fact that I have read the books (which I grew tired of after the first couple)this is still a middling show.  It has no place amongst its contemporaries such as Lost, Buffy and Battlestar Galactica who weave morally complex tales that do not underestimate their audiences.  It is a shame because the books have a rich lore a deep characters they could have used to make an amazing show, especially since we have seen the return of serialized television.
B001RTP3YQ|5.0|I am so glad I saw the end of the PBS broadcast of Leonard Cohen Live in London a few weeks ago.  If not, I would not have known about his new set of CD's & it is truly worth knowing about.  There are two CD's in the performance & they cover most of his best songs with excellent background singers & musicians.  I enjoyed them so much that I bought a set for a friend who is also a Leonard Cohen fan. The sounds are haunting.  The set is supurb.  Thank you Lenny.
B001FB4VXU|5.0|Since I already own Complete First Season, I knew that the Complete Second Season was a must-have addition to the \\"collection\\"--- I own a few \\"Sheldonshirts\\"--- these guys make me laugh like I'm thirteen--- the writing is spectacular, and as they say in the business...character driven, and the plots are good to all the characters; yes, Parsons is a break-out actor--- what a victory for the Asperger's community...
B0021L8UPS|5.0|she seems like such a sweet kid , and you could`nt be more wrong if you thought that !  this is a great film , the girl who plays the part of the killer is one hell of an actress ! and the so called clumsy plot twist is anything but ! I guess the critics just aren`t smart enough to get it !
0882709194|1.0|I was absolutely astounded to discover an extended introduction by a creationist with (as far as I know) no scientific credentials whatsoever lambasting one of the landmark works basic to modern biology. If this Christian publishing house wishes to disguise its opinions as having some scientific acceptance, then by all means herald this work and the author as a \\"refutation\\" of the Origin of Species, not as a legitimate edition of Darwin's seminal work. Furthermore to suggest that this edition was especially prepared as an \\"edition for higher learning\\" in schools and colleges simply makes me want to throw up.<br /><br />This 150th anniversary edition has the single distinction of being the first book that I have, in over 60 years, thrown in the trash. I will apologize to my wife who unwittingly purchased it as a birthday present.
0385504225|3.0|If you are a Dan Brown fan, you will find the book to be a page turner.  For that, I give the author credit.  No, it's not as good as the Da Vinci Code but the book reads with the same kind of suspense and clue hunting.  Some notes -    -the characters and situations are just too similar to the other Langdon stories.  You have the older friend of Langdon's, a terrifying psycho, the woman companion - it's all the same.  It's almost like taking the same characters and just writing a different story.      -the deciphering of clues is not bad, but fails in comparison to Davinci Code.  At times it can almost seem like a rip-off of the same type of clue finding.    -there are a few major directions Brown goes in, taking much time to explain it all, that end up not having anything to do with the plot    -the ending, without giving it away, just leaves you with the sense of \\"that's it?\\"  I can't even begin to describe how much suspense and power that Brown builds up in the story, only to let it fizzle out almost completely.  As a reader I was left to feel very underwhelmed.     -Overall, the book was compelling and was an easy read.  Having finished it though, I'm just disappointed - kinda like a kid who gets promised a new bike for Xmas but ends up getting a pair of socks instead.
0736041850|5.0|If you are wanting to work out and need to know about almost any exercise you need this book. Shows you how and why. All you need to know is in this book.
0451529065|5.0|The book that started it all. This edition commemorates 150 years of Christians getting owned by science. (technically they'd been owned by science for centuries before, but never on quite this large of a scale)
0307460444|4.0|So my tag name tells it all. This is a good book by Martha S, however perhaps because expectation on Martha Stewarts work is so high this didn't seem spectacular. Hmm. Could it be my baking skills are improving?
B000Z45PEC|5.0|Product was as advertised. Was delivered in time. This is Not a Toy! I bought this for my Brother-in-Law who collects movie and TV Cars. He really liked it!!
B00005QGAV|5.0|I wanted to know what inspires Michael Jackson's songs.  I found a hint of that in the following book which pertains to Dangerous.<br /><br />FROM:  Michael Jackson The King of Pop:  The Big picture The Music! The Man! The Legend! The Interviews!  An Anthology by Jel D. Lewis (Jones)<br /><br />Page 13-14:<br /> \\"Three years ago when he started the \\"Dangerous\\" album, which featured such hits as \\"Why You Wanna Trip On Me,\\" \\"Remember The Time,\\" \\"She Drives Me Wild\\" and \\"Can't Let Her Get Away,\\" Michael said their relationship (his relationship with Lisa Marie) reached a new plateau.<br /><br />`We sort of went out together.  Then we would talk on the phone...I noticed that we had come closer.  We went to Las Vegas for The Jackson Family Honors [in 1994]; we later traveled to Atlanta for (former) President Jimmy Carter to visit children, but no one knew that she was there with me.<br /><br />The brilliant thing about us is that we were often together but did not let anybody know about it.  We got to see each other that way over the years. We were really quiet and comfortable with each other.  That's pretty much how the dating started happening.'<br /><br /> It was during this period that Michael said their relationship changed from being good friends to lovers.\\"<br /><br />Page 61:  Since \\"Dangerous\\" was released on November 26, 1991, three years prior puts their relationship beginning sometime in 1988.  This is odd because Wikipedia says that Lisa Marie Presley was married to Danny Keough (1988 - 1994).  Nevertheless, the story does give insight into Michael Jackson's declaration that it should have been him instead of Keough who married Lisa Marie, when he became aware of the marriage between Presley and Keough.  And the story makes sense because they already had a relationship in 1993 when the first child molestation charges were made and he took her advise regarding settling the civil case and entering drug rehabilitation, which I learned was for cocaine addiction.  All of that did not suddenly occur out of the clear blue sky.  It is unlikely that he would be having personnel conversations at that level with someone he became recently acquainted with and contacted with romance in mind.<br /><br />Page 180:  Michael Jackson tells Oprah in a 1992 interview that he has been in love with Brooke Shields and another girl.  (Lisa Marie was 24 years old at the time of the interview so I'm guessing who that might be.)<br /><br /> Ms. Lewis claims that Lisa Marie could have provided the inspiration to the lyrics of \\"Remember The Time\\" and \\"I Can't Let Her Get Away\\" on Dangerous.  She could have just as well inspired the songs \\"In The Closet\\" for sure; perhaps \\"Give In To Me\\" (I've spent a lifetime looking for someone/Don't try to understand me/Just simply do the things I ask/Love is a feeling/Give it when I want it/'Cause I'm on fire/Quench my desire); and \\"Black or White\\" (I believe in miracles and a miracle happened tonight)!  Hee hee!!<br /><br /> Aside from being a great album, a little background of a personal nature gives \\"Dangerous\\" a twist of---the King of Rock & Roll!  Hee hee!!ear blue sky.  It is unlikely that he would be having personnel conversations at that level with someone he became recently acquainted with and contacted with romance in mind.    Page 180:  Michael Jackson tells Oprah in a 1992 interview that he has been in love with Brooke Shields and another girl.  (Lisa Marie was 24 years old at the time of the interview so I'm guessing who that might be.)      Ms. Lewis claims that Lisa Marie could have provided the inspiration to the lyrics of \\"Remember The Time\\" and \\"I Can't Let Her Get Away\\" on Dangerous.  She could have just as well inspired the songs \\"In The Closet\\" for sure; perhaps \\"Give In To Me\\" (I've spent a lifetime looking for someone/Don't try to understand me/Just simply do the things I ask/Love is a feeling/Give it when I want it/'Cause I'm on fire/Quench my desire); and \\"Black or White\\" (I believe in miracles and a miracle happened tonight)!  Hee hee!!       Aside from being a great album, a little background of a personal nature gives \\"Dangerous\\" a twist of---the King of Rock & Roll!  Hee hee!!
0061719544|5.0|I am a loyal viewer of The Late, Late Show, with Craig Ferguson.  Tell Craig that I do have Cable TV and I watch his show anyway!  I tape it if I'm too tired to stay up for his show-which-as we all know-is Broadcast Live!!every night. Also, I haven't been a stoner for Many, Many, Many years.    I loved the book. The book chronicles (what Craig can remember of) his scary experiences as an alcoholic and substance abuser--along with a few stories from his childhood-where he makes clear that he was absolutely certain that his parents loved him and that it was his own choices which led him to his travails.  I admire that Craig-after falling down, and getting up bruised for several years- finally showed his intelligence in accepting assistance in getting clean.    There are also numerous photos included in a photo section.  I must say-all the women with whom Craig has had serious relationships with are stunningly lovely.  The scary parts aren't entirely scary-lots of funny stories are included also.  Altogether an interesting, scary book, with lots of humor-mostly pointed by Craig at himself.
B0013FNC38|5.0|I love this CD! One of his best!! If you are a Jason Mraz fan or you like a variety of music get this cd.
0756405890|5.0|THE NAME OF THE WIND is generally considered the best fantasy debut of the past decade or more.  With just one novel, Rothuss is already being favorably compared to great fantasists like George RR Martin, Robert Jordan, and Guy Gavriel Kay.  After reading the book, I'm pleased to say that I think Rothfuss is the real deal -- if you enjoy good, traditional storytelling, this is an awfully impressive work.<br /><br />Almost nothing about THE NAME OF THE WIND is particularly original.  If you are familiar with the tropes of the fantasy genre, you will find them in abundance here.  But Rothfuss, like JK Rowling before him, is able to breathe new life into these shopworn cliches.  The result is a storyline that is almost deliriously engaging -- I found myself turning the pages of this 800-page book happily, fully absorbed in another world.<br /><br />Sometimes you read a novel and just let the power of the narrative carry you along with a smile on your face.  You're having such a good time that you can ignore whatever flaws the book contains.  THE NAME OF THE WIND is the rare work that falls into this category.  Rothfuss is just a naturally gifted, seductive storyteller.  He succeeds in reproducing some of the raw excitement I had as a teenager when I discovered fantasy novels for the first time.<br /><br />My only warning is that THE NAME OF THE WIND is the first novel in a proposed trilogy.  The novel ends with a cliffhanger, and Rothfuss has been late in delivering the second installment.  So if you demand immediate closure, you may want to postone this book until the trilogy is fully complete.<br /><br />Otherwise, this book is great fun and I recommend it without reservation.  I eagerly look forward to the forthcoming sequel, which will hopefully be released next year.
B002BFBAWO|3.0|I worked in food service at Marriott's Great America theme park when I was just out of high school, so I can well imagine how the young protagonist of director/screenwriter Greg Mottola's 2009 coming-of-age dramedy must have felt when he was relegated to an inelegant amusement park after his hopes for a European summer are dashed by his father's demotion at work. Granted my experience was a few years earlier than this story's setting, the Reagan era of 1987, as James Brennan, having just graduated from Oberlin College, prepares to enter Columbia's graduate school of journalism in the fall. Unenthusiastically manning the park's horse-race booth, James finds a friend in Joel, a sympathetic cynic, but more importantly, becomes drawn to sad-eyed Em Lewin.<br /><br />Sharing a predilection for marijuana and moody rock, James and Em embark on a romance, but she is already caught in a doomed relationship with Mike Connell, an older, married ride maintenance man who moonlights as a rock musician. Mottola wrote and directed [[ASIN:B000WZEZGI Superbad]], so he knows how to extract laughs from the foibles of youthful indiscretion. This time, however, he favors the human drama over the comedy, and the result meanders into a few too many subplots to sustain genuine interest in the two principals. Playing a far more sympathetic version of the teen he played in Noah Baumbach's [[ASIN:B000CS464G The Squid and the Whale]]. Jesse Eisenberg makes us care about James' fate even though the actor seems to be working off the same geek mojo as Michael Cera. Currently flying high as Bella Swan in [[ASIN:B001P5HRMI Twilight]], Kristen Stewart brings the same sullen quality she displayed in that movie and as Meg Ryan's daughter in [[ASIN:B000VE4UHO In the Land of Women]] to her portrayal of Em. The two actors banter in much the same way that Cera and Kat Dennings did in [[ASIN:B001MM3AZM Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist]].<br /><br />Playing the polar opposite of the put-upon assistant in [[ASIN:B002K0WBXW The Proposal]], Ryan Reynolds lends surprising depth to Connell even as his character's pathetic nature reveals itself, as does Martin Starr ([[ASIN:B000TZJBPQ Knocked Up]]) as sardonic nonconformist Joel. [[ASIN:B002MXG570 Saturday Night Live]]'s Bill Hader and Kristen Wiig have a few funny moments playing the eccentric husband-and-wife park managers. Between the golden-hued cinematography by Terry Stacey and the period soundtrack, which is full of period hits like H&uuml;sker D&uuml;'s \\"Don't Want to Know If You're Lonely\\" and Falco's \\"Rock Me Amadeus\\", the 1980's are captured most faithfully here. The 2009 DVD has a standard set of extras - a clever commentary track from Mottola and Eisenberg, three brief deleted scenes with optional commentary, and a standard making-of featurette.he Proposal]], Ryan Reynolds lends surprising depth to Connell even as his character's pathetic nature reveals itself, as does Martin Starr ([[ASIN:B000TZJBPQ Knocked Up]]) as sardonic nonconformist Joel. [[ASIN:B002MXG570 Saturday Night Live]]'s Bill Hader and Kristen Wiig have a few funny moments playing the eccentric husband-and-wife park managers. Between the golden-hued cinematography by Terry Stacey and the period soundtrack, which is full of period hits like Hüsker Dü's \\"Don't Want to Know If You're Lonely\\" and Falco's \\"Rock Me Amadeus\\", the 1980's are captured most faithfully here. The 2009 DVD has a standard set of extras - a clever commentary track from Mottola and Eisenberg, three brief deleted scenes with optional commentary, and a standard making-of featurette.
0385504225|1.0|The best thing about this book was reading the reviews and realizing that others hated it too.  I did not read Angels and Demons but thought DaVinci was OK.  This one was given to me when I was ill and it made me feel even worse.  Badly written.  Pretentious.  Absurd characters.  Absolutely dreadful.  One star is one too many.  Glad I didn't buy it and will not pass it on - to the landfill.
0439023483|5.0|I was afraid of a let down after the hype surrounding Suzanne Collins's Hunger Games, the first book in a planned trilogy.  Never fear, she didn't let me down.  While the premise is gruesome (a mandatory annual gladiatorial battle among teenage boys and girls, primarily for the pleasure of the leadership of a post-Apocalyptic America and their control over the masses), the book plays out a fascinating story with several great twists.  It kept me on edge to the very end with characters I grew to care about.  Now I can't wait to move on to book 2!  Highly recommended reading, but I'm not sure how adolescent readers will react to the concept of their age-peers being forced to kill one another.  This may be classified as young adult lit, but older readers will definitely enjoy it.
B0000027G6|5.0|I recieved my great value CD in a timely manner and it was in terrific shape as described. I was very pleased with the results.
B0000C23DO|4.0|I would have replaced \\"Golden Road\\" & \\"Franklin's Tower\\" with \\"Alabama Getaway\\" & \\"Shakedown Street\\".  This *IS* a \\"Best Of\\" Release....Is it not????
0385504225|3.0|I  have read all of Dan Brown's work and am somewhat disappointed with this one.  I am having a hard getting started and it is just is not up to his usual standards.
0060254920|5.0|My sister and I read this book countless times as children growing up.  Our copies now reflect the thousands of times the pages were turned.  I bought the paper back copy of the book for my nephew before he was born so that my sister could start reading it to him. Now he is four and I decided to get him the hard copy for him to have and enjoy as well. He is now four years old and absolutely enjoys having the story read to him every night.
B000H7JCIW|5.0|received product in a very timely manner.  dvd was well packaged and was in excellent shape when it arrived.  i have ordered several things through amazon.com and am well pleased with the service and product that i have received.  am very pleased that i can shop with confidence with you and will order more in the future
B002I9Z89Y|5.0|I love watching the Star Trek Series on large television screens and the new special effects that were added on to blueray. It is definitely worth purchasing.
B001V9LRTM|5.0|This was a once in a lifetime event that will most likely never happen again.  Great artists, great music and a great view of how we were going to change the world through music, peace and love.  So glad I got this on Blu-Ray.
B001UDPAB0|1.0|The sets do appear to be the same, however, they have different ASIN numbers so I'm guessing one of the sets must be the fullscreen (1.33:1 or 4.3) release and the other must be the widescreen (16.9) release but Amazon have them both listed at 1.33:1.    Come on Amazon get it right.
B000B8QF00|2.0|Isn't it ironic that one of Alanis's biggest hits, \\"Ironic\\" isn't represented here?  Check the track listing that Amazon provides above.
B0012GMXA6|5.0|The music makes you smile and jiggle when you are sitting or dance when you are standing. Very unlifting
0375842209|5.0|The Book Thief is a great book!  I didn't want it to end.  It was interesting.  Yes, it was sad but if you get past that and enjoy the story being told, I find it remarkable.
B0025KVLS8|5.0|This album features songs from their first motion picture. It's also the first to utilize four-track technology and the first in which every song was credited to Lennon-McCartney (John writing 10 of the tracks, Paul with 3). The hits off this album are \\"Can't Buy Me Love\\", the title track and the single \\"And I Love Her\\" released in the US. Of all the tracks, only \\"I Should Have Known Better\\" appears in stereo for the first time.     The Fab Four were still fundamentally a rock group at this point showing traces of their roots.`This is arguably their third best album of the Beatlemania era only behind \\"Rubber Soul\\" and \\"Revolver\\". A truly essential album.
1559409010|5.0|We fans can rave endlessly about the geniuses behind \\"Life of Brian\\", but (like most good humor) it is pointless to try to define where that genius lies.  Think of the scene with Pontius Pilate: it was probably funny on paper and even in rehearsal, but it will live as a great comic scene because of Michael Palin's superb delivery.  Not just his lisp, but his facial expressions as he tries new phrases and watches for the audience reaction.  Is this expert direction?  Is it intuitively Palin's doing, because of his experience in sketch humor? Did it evolve, like Topsy, from the critical mass of comedy talent involved?    Another thing that puzzles me as I watched the documentary about the shows, the people, and the movies: I can remember seeing the shows for the first time and feeling threatened by the humor.  Were they attacking me? And values I held? I couldn't relax and go along with the joke until about the third time through, when my kids were roaring at the zaniness.  So: did I change or did my sense of humor adapt to something I knew was acceptedly funny despite being profane and bawdy and just plain silly?    And who cares, really?
B000001EAQ|3.0|Some good tunes, but I don't understand why there is no Parental Advisory label for when Bono drops the F-bomb during \\"Wake Up Dead Man.\\" Are they so big they don't require a label that would have been printed on a rapper's cover? Beyond that, I don't understand why he thought it necessary to say that in a Christian song by a Christian band to begin with. I would give it 4 stars minus that.
B0029O08WA|4.0|I have to admit, I am surprised with the album, but pleasantly so!<br /><br />I am not a big Indie fan but the more I listen to it, I can see how it will fit with the movie.  And I am starting to really like the music! Except for the Lykke Li song, not a big fan.
B002KDUDG6|1.0|Never thought I could be disappointed in a Michael Buble' CD but this was it.  I have listened to it several times thinking maybe I just needed to get used  to the difference.  Didn't work.  Really disappointed.  Seems like Michael  is trying to reinvent himself - if so he will be losing this fan.
0739319175|3.0|I loved Dan Brown's Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons.  The ancient symbol lore was nicely intertwined with compelling story lines. I am somewhat disappointed with The Lost Symbol as it is more of a reference guide to the varied mystical symbols placed in and around Washington D.C.  The story line is very thin and only tangent to the lengthy explanations of the many symbols Mr. Brown researched.  Although probably not as profitable, the book could easily be turned into a tour guide and the story would not have been missed.  In fact, in the last few chapters, you would never know that the main characters have had bodily traumas as they calmly walked and ran around the city looking for the answers that, apparently, were right in front of our eyes if we only looked, maybe with a microscope!  Sorry, not one of my favorite books this year.
B002RSDW80|4.0|What in the world does television and concocting-French-food-in-America pioneer Julia Child have in common with just 30-something government employee turned food blogger, Julie Powell?<br /><br />Other than the love of food, oodles of butter and a big project to fill the need for purpose, the two main characters in Nora Ephron's biopic, \\"Julie and Julia\\" share great marriages with men that are not put off by their mate's desire for self-identity defined by more than a few little bouts of self-absorption. Like a good souffl&eacute;, Ephron folds the stories told in two books, Powell's \\"[[ASIN:031604251X Julie and Julia: My Year of Cooking Dangerously]]\\" and Child's \\"[[ASIN:0307474852 My Life in France (Movie Tie-In Edition) (Random House Movie Tie-In Books)]]\\" without deflating the overall mixture, although this reviewer would have enjoyed more scenes with the wonderfully talented Meryl Streep who redeems herself quite well (all high-pitched voice, champagne bubbly laughter and squared shoulders) as the indomitable and effusive Julia from her most un-defining role as Donna in that \\"[[ASIN:B001GKJ2DY Mamma Mia! The Movie (Widescreen)]]\\" debacle.<br /><br />Ephron depicts 1950s Paris with a foodie's appreciation for what that city did and still does for the world of cuisine--from the very first glimpse of Julia's luncheon of sole meuni&egrave;re--the waiter delectably filets the fish's sumptuous flesh tableside to the audiences' very audible groans of anticipation of and appreciation for its buttery taste, but she also does well by Long Island City and its tangle of grey-tinged tenements, elevated trains and apartments over pizza parlors. Somehow, both Julie and Julia know where to get their ingredients and manage beat, chop (extremely amusing is a scene of Julia alongside a mountain of practice cut onions) and coerce calf's feet, lobsters and ducks into exquisite works of edible art. The luscious chocolate cakes, whipped creams and raspberry mousse tantalizes like the food porn that it is--a sensual and lascivious reminder to what is truly important in life--you will leave the theater hungry.<br /><br />Along that line, the two couples, Paul (Stanley Tucci) and Julia and Eric (Chris Messina) and Julie either act as the aphrodisiacs for the food or allow the food to whisk them away in the general direction of the bedroom where dessert or in some cases appetizers segue into the joy of sex and more sex--no wonder Julia was always smiling. Both male characters offer their women encouragement along the lines of the supporting architectural buttresses on the Cathedral of Notre Dame even when faced by what may seem a bit of an \\"I Love Lucy\\" type scheme. Regardless, both these ladies made their ideas work whether by design or serendipity and Ephron, wisely asserts that it is their good marriages that deserve the credit--even though the real life Powell has an affair which she chronicles in her not-yet-published memoir about learning the art of the butcher.<br /><br />Amy Adams' portrayal of Julie Powell seems a little seeped in too much sugar especially if one has read the Julie/Julia Project blog or the book that bears the same name as the film. In her version, Ephron sanitizes the conservative-hating Powell, cleans up her apartment, washes out her rather profane mouth and thankfully eliminates the girlfriend dramas that take up a third of the memoir. However, the slim-figured Adams' whose character claims to have gained weight after a year of rich French cuisine simply seems slim and still glows with that Giselle insouciance and naivet&eacute; she did so well in the Disney film \\"[[ASIN:B000R4GF9Y Enchanted]].\\" Even so, Adams' innate cuteness and 20-something sense of searching works adequately as a foil for the larger than life Streep as the formidable Child.<br /><br />Bottom Line? Nora Ephron's \\"Julie and Julia\\" chronicles the projects of two women from two very different generations with similar needs. As a combination foodie/chickflick, it works very well in its depiction of determination and the power of a slow and steady perseverance that ultimately leads to success. However, \\"Julie and Julia\\" main thrust seems to be a tribute to good marriages where behind every great women stands an equally great and supportive male. Recommended.<br />Diana Faillace Von Behren<br />\\"reneofc\\"on and the power of a slow and steady perseverance that ultimately leads to success. However, \\"Julie and Julia\\" main thrust seems to be a tribute to good marriages where behind every great women stands an equally great and supportive male. Recommended.  Diana Faillace Von Behren  \\"reneofc\\"
B002KQ6BT6|5.0|I've read all of Dan Brown's books and this one, The Lost Symbol, is by far the best.<br />It has a good plot line with several unexpected twists and turns, lots of mysteries, tons of details, and plenty of suspense. It reads like an excellent fiction novel.<br />I can't wait for the movie to come out!
B002SQ364Q|4.0|In \\"Taking Woodstock,\\" director Ang Lee sweetly adapts Elliot Tiber's memoir of the same name to tell a small coming-of-age tale amidst the larger backdrop of the behind the scenes coming together of the 1969 Woodstock Music Festival at Yasgur's farm in upstate New York after town residents of the original venue in Wallkill passed a law banning the gathering of over 5000 people without the appropriate permit. Possessing a permit to sponsor a small music and arts festival at the site of his parents' rundown motel, El Monaco, Tiber a.k.a Teichberg, immediately contacted concert organizers Michael Lang and Artie Kornfield and the rest, as they say, is history.<br /><br />Billed as \\"three days of peace and music\\" meant to heal a nation suffering from the ongoing effects of the Vietnam War and the aftershock of the assignations of Bobby Kennedy and Martin Luther King, Woodstock historically served its purpose for the hundreds of thousands that participated. Like America of that time period, Lee's main character Elliot (an unassuming and quickly forgotten Demetri Martin), hears a clarion call of his own; after living openly in Greenwich Village as a gay male, he must hide his sexual orientation from his Holocaust survivor parents when he moves back to Bethel, New York to save their motel. Now he must bite the bullet, rebuke the excuse of handling his parents and their issues and find a life of his own. He is the butterfly of the story, emerging from his cocoon, transforming into the stardust of the famous Woodstock song by Joni Mitchell.<br /><br />Lee's theme toys with different ideas of freedom whose apt anthem is the opening concert piece by Richie Havens. For Elliot's mother (played with an almost Gestapo intensity by Imelda Staunton,) it materializes in the form of thousands of hoarded banknotes signifying the security of which she has always dreamed. The senior Teichberg (Henry Goodman) finds enjoyment in a newfound energy generated by the `young people' that invade the town, listen to his life stories and applaud his functional gravitas. The preparation, three days and aftermath heal lost Vietnam vet Billy (Emile Hirsch), allow Marine cross-dresser Vilma (Liev Schreiber) to control his confused life for a limited amount of time while assuming an oracle role to the other misfits this film brings together, and provide the westward-ho direction for a newly enlightened and empowered Elliot. Once again, it takes a village . . .<br /><br />. . . of which some of its inhabitants border on the stereotypical or add nothing to the film other than to provide an entire entourage of sixties characters complete with an [[ASIN:B000CRR3JW Oh! Calcutta!]] type theatre group that revels in their nudity, a couple of acid droppers in a old VW bus decorated with requisite kaleidoscopic ceiling graphics and angry burgeoning feminists intent on a ritual bra-burning. All of which add layer upon layer onto a fairly satisfying 40 year old glimpse of reality that Lee obviously took pains to achieve.<br /><br />All of the extras look as if they are from that era with their emphasis on untamed manes of hair (shades of [[ASIN:0792841638 Hair]]) free of any of the meticulous grooming products so prevalent now--the skinny dipping scenes emphasis this most of all with their blatant display of non-depilatoried body hair suggesting the feral freedom of Rousseau's noble savage so prevalent to that mindset.<br /><br />Concentrating wholeheartedly on reconstructing his main character's microcosm, Lee steers the storyline away from an emphasis on the concert itself, offering only a hilltop vantage point of the stage with its undulating sea of people that pulses and glows from the perspective of an acid trip. Healing, indeed as are other signs of the time--peace signs, tie dye, fringed vests, floppy leather hats, tokes of maryjane and gobbles of hash brownies.<br /><br />Bottom line: Ang Lee does a nice job of depicting upstate New York in the late sixties when Woodstock came to town. Instead of concentrating on the concert and its music, he tells a smaller tale of family salvation fueled by the material wealth the festival brought with it and the Age of Aquarian ideals that bespoke a new millennium of desired peace and the main character's self-acceptance. Some stereotypes reign along with a rather weak lead by Demetri Martin, but Lee pulls it off like the pro he is, recreating a nice facsimile of the venue and its time. Many of the film's references (i.e. organizer Lang's hopeful plans to head to San Francisco refer to the role he played in putting together the Altamont Music Festival where the a chapter of Hell's Angels hired to run security ended up stabbing and killing someone and beating up a lot of hippies with pool cues and the Judy Garland record played in the El Monaco bar supposedly refers to the Stonewall riots in Greenwich village, heralding the beginning of the Gay Liberation Movement) needed at least textual explanations for those unfamiliar with the era and its incendiary history. Recommended--however, if you want to hear the music, buy the CD, [[ASIN:B00274SHKM Music from the Original Soundtrack and More: Woodstock]] or watch the documentary [[ASIN:B001NXDSLQ Woodstock: 3 Days of Peace & Music Director's Cut (40th Anniversary Two-Disc Special Edition)]].<br />Diana Faillace Von Behren<br />\\"reneofc\\"the concert and its music, he tells a smaller tale of family salvation fueled by the material wealth the festival brought with it and the Age of Aquarian ideals that bespoke a new millennium of desired peace and the main character's self-acceptance. Some stereotypes reign along with a rather weak lead by Demetri Martin, but Lee pulls it off like the pro he is, recreating a nice facsimile of the venue and its time. Many of the film's references (i.e. organizer Lang's hopeful plans to head to San Francisco refer to the role he played in putting together the Altamont Music Festival where the a chapter of Hell's Angels hired to run security ended up stabbing and killing someone and beating up a lot of hippies with pool cues and the Judy Garland record played in the El Monaco bar supposedly refers to the Stonewall riots in Greenwich village, heralding the beginning of the Gay Liberation Movement) needed at least textual explanations for those unfamiliar with the era and its incendiary history. Recommended--however, if you want to hear the music, buy the CD, [[ASIN:B00274SHKM Music from the Original Soundtrack and More: Woodstock]] or watch the documentary [[ASIN:B001NXDSLQ Woodstock: 3 Days of Peace & Music Director's Cut (40th Anniversary Two-Disc Special Edition)]].  Diana Faillace Von Behren  \\"reneofc\\"
B00003CX5P|2.0|Although I enjoyed the look of \\"The Phantom Menace,\\" and found many of the characters intriguing, the overall impact fell just short of 3 stars or my idea of the positive zone.  There simply isn't enough depth to the story or characters to enable me to suspend my belief in the face of the unconvincing and slightly ridiculous Star Wars mythology.  Maybe the point is not to pay attention to this stuff at all but I can't be satisfied by great action scenes and some nifty sci-fi settings alone.
B00288KNLS|5.0|There is no much to say about this, cause is imperative that you buy it.<br />Great colors, great history, fantastic work piece.  The movie is totally a very nice a acquisition.<br />The  scenaries are totally awesomes.<br />I don't want to tell you about the history cause I would't stop.<br /><br />You have 4 3D Glasses that are a good way to enjoy with friends and family. I have to say that<br />the color change a little with this glasses... but hey!! I am sure you will have a good time with all.
B001CTDH76|5.0|BRILLIANT INTELLIGENT T.V SHOW.<br />If you enjoy solving mysteries , clever plots that keep you guessing, this is the DVD for you!  Excellently scripted, with  funny one liners sprinkled amongst  thrilling investigations of Murder. Fascinating illusions and deductions which keep you hooked through to the end of every show. The shows are stand alone plots which are satisfying in themselves, but the depth of characterization is revelatory, the surface lightness of the Mentalist himself slowly shows signs of fragility and a painfully darker sub-plot is revealed by the end of the series. Simon Baker and rest of the cast are simply brilliant, giving the characters depth which leaves you wondering what next?
B001PO53IO|5.0|Guys, it was done in Singapore by Lucasfilm Animation in Singapore... have been to the office before it was actually shown on Singapore TV Channel 5, one of the earliest outside U.S. ? This series is really good...
B0026RLM8O|5.0|In the beginning, Weather Report was a cooperative. Composition duties were split between the three leaders (Joe Zawinul, Wayne Shorter, Miroslav Vitous) and in performance, each of the 5 musicians was an equal participant. This album, from 1971, is exemplary of this approach. Though informed by Bitches Brew-era Miles Davis, the rhythms are much looser and the music is more playful. (There's also quite a bit of 60s post-bop in \\"Eurydice\\" and a few of the other tunes.) Most of the compositions are simple, relying on the sophisticated interplay of the group to generate excitement. There's also one genuine classic, Zawinul's gorgeous \\"Orange Lady\\" (another less successful version is available on Miles Davis's album Big Fun). Zawinul's keyboard set-up is limited to just electric and acoustic piano, but he produces an incredible range of sounds -- just listen to the spaced out \\"Milky Way\\", which could have been an outtake from the first two or three Tangerine Dream albums. Unlike later efforts, Wayne Shorter plays a lot of (soprano) saxophone here. Fans of Bitches Brew and In a Silent Way should definitely pick up this classic fusion recording.<br /><br />(This review is based on the 1992 CD reissue; I do not know what the 2009 version sounds like.)
B0000BYM3K|5.0|I've loved classic Maiden for so long, it is a part of me like favorite things from your youth often become. To be honest, I really only purchased Ed Hunter since Seventh Son, as I sort of quit expanding my library and had less and less time to listen to music.     Well, I found myself breaking out some old Maiden albums lately, and I did a search to see what they were up to. I saw that this was one of their most recent albums, and I had to give it a listen (yes, years late but since I've been disconnected from the music scene, it was as if it was just released to me!).     I love this album. I mean I absolutely love it. I hate buying albums today because they are all one, maybe two good songs and the rest complete garbage filler. Maiden wasn't like that in the past, and they aren't like that now. Even if there are songs that aren't your cup of tea, you can still listen to them and admire the rolling guitars, the lyrics, whatever...you don't feel like they just threw a song on because they needed another 7 minutes on a cd.     As for individual songs, my favorite so far is Montsegur. I've listened to this song over and over, and I love how it rolls over itself and then opens up to a sort of anthemic cascade. I'm sure that as I listen to the cd more and more other songs will start to compete for the top spot in my opinion, but for now this one is smokin'!     In any case, yes this review is years late, but since I just got the album from Amazon and I really love it, I just had to give it the rating it deserves in this time when buying albums is really buyer beware.     A side note: If someone was ranking just Maiden albums alone, would this get five stars? Hmmm...well, probably not, since there has to be seperation between their top work and the rest. It would be hard to give this album the same rating as say Piece of Mind or Number of the Beast for instance. However, I would give this a solid 3 1/2 to 4 just within Maiden albums, and that is saying ALOT!     LONG LIVE MAIDEN!
B001992NW4|5.0|Ive watched the original VHS tape in 1991 , and then i saw the movie on dvd digital remastered , and thought there would be nothing better or could spread my heart ou like this dvd version .    WOOOOOOOW Bluray???? did we just saw the exorcist on blu ray , cant you imagine how it would be in Full HD with up to 7.1 surround and DTS true hd ?????     nope me too , just cant wait to see the blu ray version , yes yes dont miss it
B000VPPMXO|5.0|It's a lighthouse for Roomba 500 series and it simply does what it should do.
B000002LMK|5.0|Rarely do you find an album with 9 out of 10 songs winners.  Neil Young brings you back to what real music, real rock was all about.  The album is instrumentally superior.
B000FIMG68|1.0|I ordered this product two weeks before my friends birthday and it didn't come until the end of the next month. Not only did it not arrive until after the late deliver by date, but it was even a week after that. Not sure what happened, but being a late birthday gift is not appreciated.
B0029LHW4U|4.0|All these years... my favorite rock band took to make this cd happen and was it worth the wait?... Kinda.      Band songs:... I rate it a 7 out of 10.  Guitar playing by Cantrell..  8 of 10  New singer vocals... 5 of 10    Overall... I was happy to hear of the release.  But dissapointed when I listened to my copy.  The old AIC rock sound lives.  The new singer dissapoints.     On a high note: Seen them live this year on tour.  Great show, fabulous band... Most of the songs the old standards... only one or two of the new ones were played.. Rated the show 10 of 10.
B001C4CI8U|5.0|Started to watch the show when it was first aired and got fed up with the ad breaks. This is the best way to watch. Beer, pizza and a Fringe-fest! Can't wait for season 2.   The DVD set is faultless and I highly recommend it.
0385504225|1.0|Thankfully, I bought this book for my Kindle so I only paid $9.99, and even that was too much.  If I had paid for a hardcover copy, I would be really upset.  Plastic characters, unrealistic dialogue, boring lectures on the Masons...after suffering through all that, there are no \\"answers\\", just some kind of fluff ending that I guess is supposed to make you feel good, but only made me glad it was the last page.  As preposterous as his premise was for THE DAVINCI CODE, he at least gave you something to think about and some fun puzzles to follow to the ending. Not so with THE LOST SYMBOL.
B002TX06RI|5.0|This is an awesome show - it's a modern \\"It takes a theif\\" for today's audience.  Don't miss out on this one!  Good acting and a fun plot; it contains something for everyone.  It seems to be of much higher quality than the networks can manage...  As a fan of everything from FlashForward to Fringe this is a fantastic addition if you want to avoid the full scale copies including yet another CSI, Bones, SVU and everything else \\"rehashed\\" a thousand times.  I am in a wait-and-see mode as new ideas like \\"Amsterdam\\" have been dying on the vine lately, and the new flurry of Sitcoms are less funny than old reruns (I guess all the writers died during the reality era).
B000065V3H|4.0|I bought this because it was filmed in Tucson High School albeit years after I was a student there. But it shows the school and it really hasn't changed much over the years. The story was cute and the movie was entertaining even if a little far fetched. Geek turnes into a cool dude with a little help from the head cheerleader. If you want some feel-good light entertainment and like high school themed plots, then you will enjoy this one.
B002KAO23E|1.0|Imagine, this was the first download for my new Kindle International edition. Here in Australia we pay $2 more per publication, this triples the price of a $1 book. So what is wrong with this book? Not the content which as we all should know is exquisite. This downloaded book serious sucks because it is badly formatted. Every second line breaks in the middle and paragraphs are separated by 2 lines. This is a classic formatting error. For the technical types, an incorrectly formatted text file was used to create this book. It has embeded returns that just should not be there. An incorrectly formatted book of this nature should not be on the Amazon store at all!
B00005T30L|4.0|chagelling story, dark sense of humor, next door characters and one of the greatest visual impact I've had. Np wonder why PRADA inspired one of its latest collections on the character played by Thora Birch.
0452289963|1.0|What do you get when you mix Buddhism, Christianity, New Age and Psychology? Besides an incoherent display of words such as \\"Consciousness is already conscious\\" , or conjectures like \\"Ego is Schizophrenia\\", you also get a new age religion with this book- A New Earth- as its Bible, and Eckhart Tolle, as its humble prophet. A Nirvana like state he calls Presence- via- a- vis God- is to un attach ourselves from thinking that \\"we\\" even exist for real consciousness is achieved only when we get rid of our Ego -our past memories and sense of future- which he calls a distortion of reality- and connect with the eternal consciousness of the Universe. In that way we can fully enjoy the only moment that really exist: the present moment. Throw away the history books! Scrub off your next years vacation plans! What's the use? Past and future don't exist! \\"Presence\\" is what is \\"real\\". Everything else is a collective delusion that we learn thru form. I imagine that a feral baby- babies that are purposely thrown into a closet away from \\"form\\" which is \\"the environment\\"- is in a continuous Nirvana like state and connected to a Higher Power. Severely affected Autistics - who barely have knowledge of past history much less the future- and you could argue always live in the present moment- must be left to enjoy it. Why bother \\"disconnecting\\" them from \\"Presence\\" thru form. Or, consider this one, what will a psychologist think of a man who calls schizophrenia having a sense of \\"me\\"? He would think that this man is in real need of a shrink. After all, for Eakheart, being \\"absent minded\\" is the real bliss. Moreover, this philosophy makes an enemy of any human emotion, for emotion to exist it has to be triggered by form. Therefore anger, stress, frustration, impatience, fear ,anxieties are nothing but a figment of our ego ridden imaginations in our time bound state of consciousness. Avoidant behavior is preferable to facing reality and time is a delusion itself so he advices not to pursue any evidence of it- denial- so that you don't disrupt your connection to the present moment. The psycho-religious babble goes on and on. The denial of our senses is king here. It's always been a long lived religious requirement to detach ourselves from the world itself. In that sense A New Earth is a manifesto of denial of the human condition. In summary, this book is yet another attempt to modernize religion which has always been in a timeless battle against a very human trait called thought. But, how can we develop thought without being exposed to form? You won't find that answer here. Thought is by all religious standards -and since Eve dared to take from the tree of Knowledge- , the enemy of God (Presence) and of human Happiness. What I find really ironic is that it is thru thought process-albeit irrational - that Mr. Eckhart concocted yet another infantile delusion: the religion of consciousness.
1597772992|5.0|This audio book is beautifully done with a speaker who has a great voice.  The voice really draws you in, but the most impressive part of the book is the content.  This book has changed how my daughter and I think of food and eating.  Dr. Campbell has done an excellent job of organizing this book and writing it.  I saw him being interviewed for about 10 minutes on PBS and then ordered The China Study from Amazon.  If you want to know how to advoid heart disease, diabetes, alzheimers,and cancer, read this book.  Dr. Campbell has a PHD and has been a researcher and teacher at Cornell University.  He is not selling anything but this book.  This is an amazing book, and everyone should read it.
B002P7UCMC|5.0|I love this album, I needed a new Rammstein fix and this was it....Number one Rammstein fan!!!!!!!!!!!
0553385461|5.0|In A Briefer History of Time, Stephen Hawking does an amazing job introducing many difficult physics related topics in only 142 pages.  He takes concepts such as relativity, time, and quantum theory and simplifies them to a level that is more comprehendible to the average person. Although he is able to break down the concepts to a simpler level, many of them are still difficult to grasp because of how brief the book is. I still did learn an extraordinary amount from this book.<br /><br /> Hawking's first book A Brief History of Time, is a best seller with over nine million copies sold, but too difficult for many people to understand; A Briefer History of Time fixes that problem. Though it still is difficult to understand in many concepts, the language that he uses is simple and easy to understand. He constantly gives examples to back up theories and statements, which make them more comprehendible. He compares today's theories with the theories of great physicists in the past, tracing the evolution of physics.<br /><br /> Overall I really enjoyed this book. I am not a huge fan of reading, but I found myself glued to this book. Hawking does such an incredible job making quantum theory, relativity, and other concepts understandable. If you are looking for a book that is a good introduction to these topics, then this is the last place you need to look. This was the first Hawking book that I have read, and I enjoyed every minute of it. On top of everything else, Hawking is funny. He incorporates humor, albeit very dry, into his reading, which makes it even better I think. I highly recommend this book to anyone!
B002M3SOWO|4.0|You would only be reading this book if you made it through the first four of the series.  So readers are of this volume are, by definition, Percy Jackson fans.  They will not be disappointed.  My fourteen-year old son loved this series and approved of this final entry completely.  I had mixed feelings about the series--enjoying the themes and the lessons of greek mythology, but less than engaged by the writing or the plots--but found this my favorite (or tied with the first) and, like the Harry Potter conclusion, this books ties up an extraordinary number of plots and hints from the earlier books in a satisfying way that remains true to the vision.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I recently decided that it was time to get back in shape, and since it is getting cold outside I felt somewhat limited by what I could do.  As not to use this as an excuse to once again not get in shape--there was one place to go...Amazon!     When I first started looking for videos I went for the ones with the highest reviews and just bought them....Jillian's 30 day Shred was one of the highest.     This is my first week on level one of her workout and already I have loss 2 pounds (with eating healthy).  I always equate lots of sweat with a job well done, so the fact that I am drenched by the end of a 20 minute workout could speak to the fact that I was/am out of shape; but a lot could be attributed to this kick butt workout.  After day one workout, start of day two...I was feeling it.    I have yet to move up on the levels, however I feel that if I am getting this much of a workout on level one, level two and level three should be just as amazing.  I am slightly scared :)     I would definitely recommend this video for anyone who does not want to go to the gym, but rather have their own personal trainer come to their home, at whatever time they choose.    Good luck!
0882709194|1.0|well this is a fraud please remove it from your book shelfs.  everyone is welcome to there opinion but this is simply a bigoted worthless rewrite of one of the most important books ever written.  they edited it and put a false forward on the book containing quote mines and incorrect statements.     PLEASE REMOVE THIS FROM AMAZON.
B000GFLEBI|1.0|I wasted money on this movie. It is formatted in HD DVD and won't play on anything but an HD DVD player. The format is now obsolete so I guess I'll have to re-order in regular DVD format.
0553385461|4.0|I really enjoyed the book entitled A Briefer History of Time by Stephen Hawking.  I would rate this book as a 4 out of 5 stars.  Stephen was able to expound on the technical concepts of the physics in nature throughout time.  He explains things from the beginning starting with why people thought the Earth was at first flat and then ends with more up-to-date scientific studies and observations.  The main theme of this book is the search for a new theory that will incorporate both relativity and the quantum theory of gravity.    This book really helped me understand what people's understanding of the universe was from the very beginning.  It helped me visualize the big picture of the physics of the universe.  I thought that this was a pretty easy book to follow especially because it reflected a lot of the concepts learned in class.  However, if I did not take this class, the book would have been more confusing.  However, I think someone who is interested in the science of the world would enjoy reading it.  Something I really enjoyed from the book was all the examples he used to explain the viewpoints and principles.  These examples helped me visualize exactly what was going on and helped me understand specific principles better.     One of my favorite chapters was when he talked about the stars in the solar system and why we are able to see what we see here on Earth. (Chapter 7) It's really neat that you can find out how far the star is just by measuring the luminosity.  Also it was interesting for me to hear that if a star were a grain of salt, then the amount we would be able to see can fill a teaspoon! This is only one specific part I enjoyed while reading this book.  There were some confusing parts in the book, but overall, I enjoyed reading it.
B000W91RUG|5.0|Really enjoyed the show.  Excellent essays by Mr Lorre between segments that cannot be read on TV airings.
0786868724|5.0|Have A Little Faith is one of the most meaningful books I have read on God in our everyday lives and how others strive to make this happen in theirs.    The book is readable, persuasive and heart warming.  It comes at a very meaningful time for me in my revisiting of my faith and spirituality.  But it will touch a chord in all those who read it.    The author shares himself with us and the characters so we feel right there when everything is happening.  It is focused on Reb, a Rabbi and his Christian counterpart, and the sameness in the path of all religions is very comforting.     Dont stop writing now, Mr. Albom - you have a lot to give!  Thank you.
B001FB4VXU|5.0|Excellent purchase.  Love the show on TV and is even better second and third time around.
0385504225|3.0|While the story was decent, I found myself more often than not yelling at my CD player (I listened to this on my commute).  Nearly every character in this book stood baffled and idiotic for the entirety of this book.  Robert Langdon is the weakest hero ever to be in a book and I was dissappointed that Katherine didn't at least step up and take the place of the hero.  In the end, while I really like Dan Brown's work (particularly his earlier books), this really felt like he was showing off all his research.  I also felt like either Dan Brown thinks his readers are stupid, or the editor did, because we were re-indroduced to things time and time again and they had to be defined in full each time they were brought up.  After one explination of noetic science, i didn't need it to be explained in full each time it was mentioned.
0064410935|5.0|\\"Charlotte's Web\\" is a book all ages can enjoy.I really liked the story because it teaches friendship.The begining of the story is believable but in the end it is like a fairy tale. I liked the characher Charlotte the best because she was kind and wise.The ending is bitter sweet. Lauryn L.
B000092T6M|5.0|I remember when this movie came out.  I went to watch it three times and that is really saying something coming from me.  Well when I found this, I was like \\"Yea!!!!!!!!\\"  Bought it and watched and LOVED all the new scenes that were originally deleted.  It is the best Robin Hood even if several actors do not have English accents ;)
0385504225|3.0|What started out as a great book turned into watching  a balloon slowly deflate. The history and symbolism were fascinating, but the whole tattooed menace grew old quickly.  I can't say that the book was overly long, or dwelled on the wrong thing, it just lost it spark midway through and never regained it.<br /><br />Invited by his long time friend Peter Solomon, Robert Langdon has been invited to Washington DC to delivery a speech.  Not only is Solomon an important man in his own right, as head of the Smithsonian Museum, but he  also happens to be a high-ranking Mason.  There was no speech planned, Langdon was lured there because it is thought that he could unlock an ancient portal hidden in Washington.<br /><br />Peter Solomon has been kidnapped and with the help of Solomon's daughter, Langdon sets out to decipher clues that will keep Solomon alive and slowly discover the guarded secrets of the Freemasons.  Through use of symbolism and Neotic Science Brown leads the reader down many twisted avenues to an ending that was neither shocking or awe inspiring.<br /><br />Though there were many good sections and times that I went and did a bit more research on topics that were mentioned, overall the book was just so-so.  Langdon seemed a bit more bumbling then I remember him being in previous books, the beautiful woman that assists him is over used and the tattooed antagonist was predictable.  Maybe it was because of all the hype, but I was expecting more.  Maybe next time.
B001TOD92C|5.0|It's not just a great wrestling movie, its a great movie about a class and group of individuals whose lives are based on and anchored in physical and sexual exhibitionism.  They cannot, and do not have sexual lives that are like \\"ordinary people.\\"  Their profound narcissism prevents it.  It prevented the hero, Randy, from having the kind of conventoinal family he realizes late in live he missed.    All of that aside, this is a very good movie, very well made.  It's a genre work, of course, cut from the standard fictitious cliche-printed oilcloth out of which Wallace Beery and his producer and director, contrived many 90 minute shows during the 20s and 30s.  These popular shows had certain standard elements which are listed clearly in the movie BARTON FINK: first, there is a down-at heel, probably rough-house brawler turned wrestler who is not an unlovable man, but who had a reverence for the suds.  Second, he is befriended by some entity through which his essential sympathy can be shown.  Sometimes it is a pre-adolescent child, usually a boy.  Or it might be an intelligent and affectionate dog.  Or might be a not-quite-elligible woman, an older widow; or perhaps a tom-boy or girl on the skids.  We would fall in love with them (whoever they were in whatever constellation they revealed themselves) and they would fall in love with him, which would lead us to love him too, and to invest all our interest in his bout's favorable outcome.  It's all pure manipulation, as it is here, and except for the color and a little profanity, not very different.  Beery, the Champ, would enter a match, and that would end the story, whether he won or lost, with a tear and a cheer.    In this movie the sexual pairing of Rourke and Tomei is poignant in the extreme, because they are nearly of the same age -- which is to say, old enough to be at the end of their respective careers -- hers as a pole-dansing stripper, his as a small-time pro-wrestler.  The close camera-work alows us to watch and to compare the extremes to which they must go to display their still beautiful bodies.  Him as a performer in threadbare spectacles of an ancient sport that are little more than lower class sadomasochistic rituals of blood and sweat.  In an ordinary dive she twists and contorts her still supple, nearly-naked body in a number of exercises that are designed to provoke erotic interest in men who are busy getting drunk.  They are the same; they are exhibitionistic prostitutes of small income and smaller prospects.  And, as the basic story requires, they both have children.  And will, alas, fall in like.     The director could not have found two actors better made to play these parts.  Marissa Tomei is thrilling to watch, beyond anything called for by the role.  Who knew she possessed dramatic beauty of that intensity?  You would have to be made of stone not to respond.  And he is the same, and for the same reasons.  He has that heroic and poignant look of the old Roman statue, the Boxer; that scarred face.  Those noble, slumped shoulders.  The wrapped forearms.  Watching this movie reminds you of the time you first realized you'd lost your looks.  And that they would never return.    As I said, this is a very good, almost a great movie, and I mean it sincerely, but it is not a magnificent movie.  Not that it didn't do what it intended; it fulfilled all that could reasonably be expected of it, but it did not do more.  And for a movie this good, that's the challenge.  It did not go beyond its borders of likely possibility.  It did not at all explore Randy the Ram's allegiance to the brotherhood of Muscle.  I mean, although the brief scenes in the gym and in the locker rooms where Randy is surrounded by men of his own size and even larger, are impressive and exciting in their own way, they only very gingerly hint at what lies beyond.  What was the line, \\"Why don't we all go take a shower together?\\"  And later, while Randy sits buying drugs from an athlete substantiallylarger and more astonishingly muscular than he is himself, what does Randy do but ask to see a \\"display?\\"  He invites the man to pose for him, and he does, briefly in a two-stage arm spread which they both enjoy.  It's nothing new.  Everybody who's ever known any of these muscle guys -- wrestlers, footballers, fitness hunks -- knows that they share a covert physical intimacy peculiar to themselves, and the only way we can witness it, mostly, is in the world of GAY male muscle pornography.    But, when you live in towns that have large communities of these kinds of super-big men, (or super-big women) you know that although they do not live lives quite like yours, they do live lives with others of their kind.  And so what I'm suggesting as a WHAT IF? casting stunt for THE WRESTLER, is that they replace the Marissa Tomei part with a male from the big male fraternity to which Randy belongs: The Gym Rats.  Hollywood is full of guys like that; escorts, dancers, tainers.  The great thing is, you wouldn't have to change a word.  Not even the camera movements.  They never play a real or conventional love scene.  Though their fooling-around has a tinge of intimacy, they are seldom if ever really alone.      Randy's guy needn't be young, or even conventionally handsome.  Randy might drop into the Gay club (a third-rate Chippendales) where his friend Cassidy works to catch the show, or to \\"Get a little dance.\\"  Happens all the time.  Later, he, the dancer could say as well, \\"There are lines I cannot cross.\\"  And he might as well mean his own  children.  He doesn't look any less manly than Randy does, or dress very differently.  His dancer's costume and persona might be that of a wrestler, and we might learn that he abandoned his own wrestler's career because as a sole parent, he anticipated being seriously harmed in the sport.  Also, it would add greatly to the ironic contrast between their status as parents, when Randy says he thinks his daughter is a lesbian, if only becauseit would mean that their putatively Gay attachment confounds all their troubles.  Yes, its that little something that might add or might have added the little extra that could well have earned the movie the very highest honors if only because without underlining it or even mentioning it, Randy's inner conflict -- his diffidence and passivity -- could be made clear, and plausible.  Of course, its a degree of sophistication we can't expect from American movies, though the Europeans do it occasionally.  THE WRESTLER remains an enjoyable, simple-minded genre movie because it's central character remains a flat, one or two dimension character
B0001GF2DS|4.0|Sergio Leone's THE GOOD, THE BAD, AND THE UGLY is a classic Western film. Clint Eastwood is the Good, aka the Man with No Name, a taciturn wanderer who follows his own sense of justice. His opposite is Angel Eyes (Lee van Cleef), the Bad, a brutal mercenary who kills anyone who stands in the way of making ready cash. The film's comic relief is Tuco (Eli Wallach), the Ugly, a Mexican bandit wanted in several states who ends up inadvertently doing some good turns. At the height of the Civil War, as Union and Confederate armies battle each other in the West, these three men vie for an abandoned cache of gold coins.<br /><br />The film is especially memorable for its pace and cinematography. The opening scene, for example, juxtaposes closeups of anxious faces with vast panoramas of the Western landscape, and 10 minutes passes before a single word is said. It's like Tarkovsky transplanted to a vastly different setting. That's not to say it's all so serious, though. In a sense the film is a \\"two buddies on the road\\" movie, with Tuco the wisecracker and Eastwood's character the straight man. It is also a war film, with Leone apparently sparing no expense in presenting a realistic image of hundreds of men charging each other on the battlefield. This is not among the greatest films I've ever seen, but it's very well-made.<br /><br />Because this is a \\"spaghetti Western\\", an effort in the genre realized by a joint Italian-Spanish production team with American lead actors, the film has some curious qualities. Because of the use of locals, all the faces of Civil War soldiers are so clearly Italian, even though Italian immigration into the US picked up only later. The Mexican bandit Tuco is played by a Jew from New York, and furthermore Leone mocks the character's Catholicism in a way that Americans of the era would, although the faith would be in no way foreign to his Italian audience.<br /><br />The Extended Cut present on this DVD release adds 18 minutes to the version of the film hitherto distribution, though I discovered THE GOOD, THE BAD, AND THE UGLY through this release and couldn't tell you exactly how this changes the film. The extras are quite good, presenting Leone's art in a wider context.ion, though I discovered THE GOOD, THE BAD, AND THE UGLY through this release and couldn't tell you exactly how this changes the film. The extras are quite good, presenting Leone's art in a wider context.
B0025KVLUQ|5.0|After all these years this album is still one of my favorites! There's just something about the production that makes it great and interesting to listen to. Side 2 is still a classic! The cover is a pop icon. I'm glad to see EMI/Apple is finally updating the Beatles catalog with better mastering. Sounds great!
B002BIULQC|4.0|This movie is amazing. Done to perfection.<br />The characters are not out of character. And is purely enjoyable.<br />Billy-ray is a true classic.especially the plate scene.<br /><br />If you are a hannah montana fan this will not disappoint. Its one of the only disney channel movies that has stayed faithful to the show.
B000J103PC|5.0|Andraya,freshly graduated from college.who is trying to get ahead by taking a job as an assistant to an editor for a fashion mag called Runway. She likes the job, likes the free clothes and purses and the famous people she meets.   But Her boss,Miranda is a total lunatic.She is leaves her crap all over everybodies desks and expects people to get her flights during hurricanes. She times people with an egg timer, and an employee gets runover by a car ,while buying her scarfs at Hermes.   Miranda never screams,she is totally beneath screaming Miranda plays these psychological mindgames with her employees,and constantly threatens to fire people,but never does.Because Miranda's office is a revolving door and she can't keep people there.  Andy is scared at first,but then realizes that if she can deal with it for a year, she can get her dream job as a journalist.Also her sarcastic friend Nigel,who is Miranda's only long-time Employee try to helps her succeed at her Job.  The cast is all fab. Stanley Tucci from Julie and Julia and Simon Baker from the mentalist are both fabulous.Also the clothes are great. Like better than Sex and the city Great.My favorite was the green dress Anne had at the end and her bomber jacket.  The only thing I didn't like when when it got all preachy at the end.  Also Meryl did a great job.She has grey hair and doesn't sound like herself.Her voice is much deeper and flat like a man's shoe. She also plays this with such care, which is why so many people went to see and liked it.                                 My worse boss story   I used to have a boss that came to work loaded and stoned EVERYDAY.He was paranoid that someone was trying to steal his company off him and that his employees were ratting him out to his competitors,so he cut our pay to minimum wage,took away our sick days bonuses,ect. &bought digital cameras to put in each cubicle. He would watch the videos with his buddies while he was partying and write up the wrong people.I got writup three times on days I was off! It took me two hours to iron that out with human resources. Then next day I am told our insurance forms were stolen. At that point me and two other people put their notices in.
B000002AH1|5.0|All this fun with the , \\"complete\\" Miles box sets in the past few years may have you thinking the corresponding albums are obsolete. In most cases, that is true, but not with Live Evil.<br /><br />This 1971 set was culled from tapes Teo Marceo edited from the Celler Door concerts the year before. Most of it! But that most makes the differance. Miles did some studio expemiments that were not included here. And the editing made the tracks on here acid funk masterpieces, not just condenced cuts of the massive jams on the Celler Door set.<br /><br />One is not better than the other, but where the box set is about 45 minute dives into Hendrix meets jazz, Live Evil is songs made from these snippits.<br /><br />So you really do need both in this rare case, and with this, music of the absolute highest calabre, you do not want to miss a beat.
B002HNA95E|5.0|The remastering of these songs is simply outstanding. Kudos to Warner Bros. for making these awesome songs sound even better. Warner really needs to apply this remastering to Madonna's entire catalog and re-release everything with this improved sound quality. Amazing. Come on Warner. Madonna is the biggest artist you've ever had on your label, remaster her entire catalog.
B002KQ6BT6|1.0|brown has gone overboard. Very little research, fabricated facts, he has completely lost credibility as a history novel author. It is a shame.  I was truly disapointed, to the point I will not read him anymore, and I liked all his other books.
1401323820|4.0|When I heard that there was an actual Richard Castle book,  I was a bit intrigued. As I am a fan of the show, I decided to buy the book just for fun.  I was a bit disapppointed that it wasn't even 200 pages and my first thought was that the storyline wouldn't have much to it.  But once I started reading it, I couldn't put it down.  The interactions between Heat and Rook are exactly like in the tv show which I thought was pretty cool and the story was actually good.  I hope they make another soon.
0385504225|4.0|I ordered The Lost Symbol from Amazon and received it almost overnight. It was another Dan Brown page-turner. I read it over a weekend. Althogh it stood on its own, having read the DaVinci code was good background for this book.
B002SJIO4A|5.0|Most obviously, District 9 presents an effects-fest as good as any on the screen these days. The aliens, referred to as \\"prawns\\" in a derogatory slur, are clearly not just people in rubber suits - they're built, they move, and they speak in utterly unhuman ways. They also act on unhuman motives, for unhuman reasons. The disaster that leaves them as refugees on Earth appears to have no equivalent in human psychology or biology. Still, they come to life as thinking, feeling, and caring people of a sort. The directorial alchemy that brings these beings to life really drives this movie, by making us want to suspend disbelief while the story plays out.<br /><br />Plenty of hard reality helps carry us along, too. It might be a bit heavy-handed that this parable on racism takes place in the country that institutionalized apartheid. I'll take that as a placeholder, though, one that represents any country that has or has had its own tensions between different groups - in other words, just about anywhere. This creates a cinematic lab in which the many cruelties of forced segregation can be examined.<br /><br />The central character, Wikus, acts as the focus of this study. Cynical leaders set this simple-minded character up as the public face of the atrocities. Wikus, with puppy-like loyalty and eagerness to please, sees only the TV-star glory of the role. He willingly blinds himself to the policies of hatred, even genocide that he emcees for the viewing public. The most wrenching example might be when the relocation forces burn out an alien nursery, and Wikus cheerfully narrates the sounds of their eggs bursting in the flames: \\"like popcorn, pop-pop-pop!\\" This ability to dehumanize the subjugated people (alien people, but people) has appeared again and again in the worst chapters of human history, and appears with wrenching vapidity in Wikus.<br /><br />Then, when Wikus finds himself on the other side of the color line, he becomes one of the un-people. He becomes material for sadistic medical experimentation, just one more component to be bolted into the oppressor's war machine. For all this, the movie's creators never forget their duty to the summer-cinema audience. Spectacular effects, bam-pow action, chases, and explosions keep the popcorn crowd happy, at the same time that it satisfies the thinking viewers. This movie's brilliance is that it addresses the viewers who want both.<br /><br />-- wiredweird, reviewing the theatrical releaseimentation, just one more component to be bolted into the oppressor's war machine. For all this, the movie's creators never forget their duty to the summer-cinema audience. Spectacular effects, bam-pow action, chases, and explosions keep the popcorn crowd happy, at the same time that it satisfies the thinking viewers. This movie's brilliance is that it addresses the viewers who want both.    -- wiredweird, reviewing the theatrical release
B002S0OBG4|4.0|I was lucky enough to catch the version with the \\"alternate\\" ending. And I'm glad I did because it was much more realistic than the theatrical ending. Either way, though, Paranormal is a chilling movie that successfully raises one's hair. I liked that the scary scenes didn't totally dominate the film, so as to give more time to character development, which is something not appreciated by those who have short attention spans or for those who need a lot of action to compensate for bad acting.<br /><br />Katie did a great job in drawing me into her emotional pain and physical discomfort. I really felt bad for her, and that's a good thing because if I don't care for the characters, then what's the point in sticking around. Katie's boyfriend, Micah, offered some good ideas and much needed scepticism to counterbalance Katie.<br /><br />Even though I don't believe in spirits or the supernatural, this film made me pause and consider the \\"possibilities.\\" It made me want to visit the local library and read up on those things that go bump in the night.<br /><br />I recommend this movie but keep sensitive children away. I think it will definitely bring about nightmares.
B002MW50KO|1.0|THIS HAS TO BE A JOKE.... NEXT HE'LL DUET WITH WILLIAM HUNG... AT LEAST THE PROFITS GO TO CHARITY.. STILL JUST DONATE TO CHARITY AND KEEP THIS GARBAGE AWAY FROM YOUR EARS..
0743454537|4.0|My god, I thought I had this book figured out.  I didnt know the other would die.  Now I want to see the movie, but i will most likely cry,  if your a teen, you should read this.
B000NVIXDW|5.0|Michael Buble's voice reminds me of dark and luxurious velvet.  If you want to romance or let someone know how much you love them, this is the CD to use.  Having a strong voice does not mean having to belt out a tune at the top of your lungs, why that is so important in the singing reality shows is beyond me.  Michael Buble's voice is strong when it needs to be, soft and gentle as it should be, and always at just the right tone and pitch; never too high.  There is no other way to enjoy this CD than with the lights down low, your favorite wine, no interruptions and holding your love not tightly, but like Buble's voice...just right and magical.  I guarantee the kiss will be soft, gentle, oh so loving, and of course...just right and magical as well.
B002M2N9JI|4.0|I'm a huge fan of 80s British pop, and this catches that craving rather well. Several tracks stand out as extra catchy and synthed to the hilt. I pop this in at work whenever I need an extra boost to get me through longer projects or sleepy afternoons.<br /><br />Overall this is a great album to zone out too, and doesn't require concentrated listening. You won't miss anything if you multitask.
B002K0WBY6|5.0|Amazing romantic comedy for men and women.  However the deluxe edition was nothing special.  It had the deleted scenes and the alternate ending, but that was all.  If I remember correctly didn't they use to put those on a regular DVD, and the extended  versions had the making of movies.
0156034565|4.0|I was fishing for trout in Canada and someone recommended this book.  If you are an avid fisherman who likes light, bittersweet, satires a la Christopher Buckley, you'll adore Salmon Fishing in the Yemen.  I'll venture to say that even if you aren't an avid fisherman, you'll find it amusing.<br /><br />At first blush, this isn't a great idea for a book.  Introducing salmon into Yemen isn't just a crazy idea.  It's environmentally ridiculous and a tremendous waste of resources, the equivalent of growing soybeans in Saudi Arabia.  It's a daunting task from a writer's standpoint to make it seem like an amazing human achievement.  But somehow, the author eventually makes you suspend disbelief.<br /><br />Salmon Fishing in the Yemen actually starts off very slowly, but it's one of those rare books that keeps getting better with every page.  Don't stop at page 100 or so.  Keep going.  By page 150, you'll be hooked.  Sorry I had to get that pun in there.<br /><br />The writing isn't great, but it is adequate.  What makes this novel work is the plotting and the ironic sight gags.  There are a couple of comic set pieces that do nothing to advance the plot, but are as funny as anything.  As is usual with British novels, the sexually charged romance parts of this book are rather lame and clunky.  But it's really the fishing and politics that are important here, not the romance.  There are some very inventive twists along the way, but I don't want to spoil the fun and reveal them.<br /><br />All in all, Salmon Fishing in the Yemen is a very enjoyable and amusing novel perfect for a coast to coast flight.
B00164GDD2|4.0|Just about everyone loves Ghostbusters.  Having it Blu Ray just makes it all the better. It's a great movie, although it scared my daughter a little bit.  I would recommend this to anyone who likes Ghostbusters, or if you haven't seen it yet.
B001LF347E|5.0|I confess that my first reaction was scholarly dismay but once you realize this is entertainment NOT an attempt to accurately represent the original Arthur(which is impossible anyway) it's wonderful! It's beautifully done, wildly entertaining and the twists and turns on the legend are really amusing. The DVD can't come out fast enough!!! And I do hope NBC will run the new season soon.
B001CTDH76|5.0|This is one of the best shows on TV.  Yes its a crime drama, but you will be laughing too. Some of the thinks Patrick Jane does are amazing.  It keeps you guessing and never loses your attention.<br />The comedy is well placed and never takes away from the show or the situation.<br />And unlike many crime shows we know and love there is no romance between the consultant and detective.  There is a bit of wanna be romance on the team, but not the leads.<br />If you haven't seen The Mentalist you need to give it a try.  It will win you over.
B0029LHW4U|3.0|The prospect of a new Alice in Chains album seemed very exciting. Sadly for me, I only got into the band before self-titled 1995 album. From there I worked my way backwards and fell very hard for \\"Jar of Flies\\". I enjoyed the mtv unplugged cd/dvd even though Layne seemed somewhat asleep. It's sad to see people of immense talent fade away like he did.<br /><br />It's always a challlenge when a band loses as singer and then re-emerges with a new vocalist. People are afraid that the new singer will somehow tarnish the legacy of the band. This album doesn't take enough chances to do that and tends to stay in a comfort zone. I'm not saying that it's a bad album, it's good but it could've been better. My fave songs on the album are \\"Last of My Kind\\", which should've been the first single instead of \\"Check My Brain\\". \\"When The Sun Rose Again\\" could've easily have been on Jar of Flies\\". \\"A Looking In View\\" is a very strong song that showcases Cantrell and Duvall great vocals. \\"Black Gives to Blue\\" ends the album with a beautiful tribute to Layne.<br /><br />Overall, I recommend the album but would suggest starting with earlier albums first.
B00004UEDQ|5.0|First of all, this movie should definitely be seen by anyone who loves great acting by a fantastic leading actress and love gripping dramas that really take your heart. Sandra Bullock shines as a woman who crashes her sister's limo from her wedding into a residential house and has to spend 28 days in rehab where she tries to find the person she really is behind her alcoholism. Throughout the movie, she lights up the screen with her dynamic acting mixed with some humor that would make this film a must see for any sandra fan or people who love a good drama with heart!
B0026SVFF8|3.0|The book was o.k.  I thought it was too long. I was wishing it would get to point and it took forever. I did finish the book
B0029O08WA|5.0|Everyone needs to know that the New Moon Soundtrack has little or nothing in common with the Twilight Soundtrack.  I loved the Twilight soundtrack for the upbeat pop-iness of it.  New moon has a completely different feel because, let's face it, it is a very different movie with a whole different mood.  It is much darker and very indy.<br /><br />Listening to New Moon through a few times, I find that it grows on me more and more. I actually wish they would have found a way to include Rob Pattinson's song \\"I Was Broken\\" because I think that song would have fit the New Moon mood brilliantly.  I also have to say that the piano insturmental \\"New Moon\\" is much better than \\"Bella's Lullaby\\" from Twilight.<br /><br />Even though I love this CD and I think the songs are beautifully written, I think the 12 year olds who loved the Twilight Soundtrack will be disappointed.  I just hope that they give it a chance and let it expand their musical horizons before deciding they hate it.
B001JDS7CU|5.0|The scenes are so stunning you can watch these videos over and over many times.  Great family entertainment and my kids enjoy these as much as I do.  Highly recommended, especially if you have a larger screen hi def TV.  Now I need to get the Ocean series!  Very informative, educational, and best of all awe inspiring - makes you want to travel too.
B00005JLCI|5.0|Really this is an amazing version of Hamlet.  Someone told me it was boring because it was full text, but I do not agree.  When I watched it I was enraptured the entire time.  I really loved it.  I showed it to my high school senior English class and they loved it too.  I recommend this version for school use.  Kevin Branagh is amazing!  Perfectly casted, amazing set!
0739319175|1.0|I haven't been able to read the whole book! I had to order twice the audio version and both times the product had corrupted CD's. I do not recommend anyone to buy the audio version. It appears that the quality control for it is very poor.    By the way, the short part of the book that I was able to listen to was very good (the book, not the audio version).
B002GMNLLA|5.0|\\"Atmospheric\\" is a word used over and over by an Insomnium band member when describing songs on this album. Yes: atmospheric but I'd use the term \\"catchy\\" as well. This is an instantly orgasmic album. The first time you hear it you will go, \\"WOW!\\" Mate Amorphis with Swallow the Sun and you have their child Insomnium (which is funny because all 3 have toured together). What I love about Finnish bands is that they can be uptempo but depressing at the same time. They can be melodic but also brutal (the one attribute every Metal band strives to achieve). Across the Dark is an extremely well thought out, beautifully produced album. If you can find joy in desolation, check out Across the Dark.
159562015X|5.0|Strengths Finder 2.0 offers a fresh perspective on working to improve our weaknesses vs. mastering our strengths. The format is easy to read, the content interesting, and the message enlightening. I would most certainly recommend it to others. One word of caution however...I ordered a \\"gently used\\" book from Amazon. And while the book was in GREAT condition, it did not come with the online code in the back. (You want the online code to take advantage of the research behind the book). Long story short, I was trying to be \\"green\\" by purchasing a \\"gently used\\" book, and now I will be purchasing the book again to get the online code.
B002BKIERI|5.0|Exceptionally wonderful and inspirational. Snatam Kaur's true and beautiful voice fills the listener with spirit. She sings a pure and powerful Mother's Blessing and brings a vibrancy to the prayer of St. Francis. I own all of Snatam Kaur's music and wondered how this new CD could possibly exceed what she has already recorded. Liberation's Door does not disappoint. Thanksgiving to Santam Kaur and the talented musicians that gift us with music for the heart.
B000BJS4SU|5.0|it was great. the cd worked fine. no scratches. got delivered on time. thank you!
B001P22HK8|4.0|This is an excellent read. Good character development, excellent plot development, right amount of tension throughout.
B00000DWG7|4.0|I love this cd and you can't find it at the store. I got it at Amazon for a super price and fast service!
B000059TEP|5.0|The DVD was excellent. It was shipped sooner than I expected. I give a 5 star review.
0761119752|5.0|This book is great, it has the wonderful bright colors when you start reading and as you get to the end it gets darker letting the baby know its almost time to go to sleep. And in the end it tells you to whisper so the baby knows its over and goes right to bed.
0385732554|2.0|This book took about 3 hours to read from cover to cover, and I am glad that I didn't invest any more time in it than that. (It also reminded me of why I have not bothered with fiction for so many years.)<br /><br />Problems:<br /><br />1. We don't have any explanation of how this situation came to be. At least in \\"Animal Farm,\\" there is something to explain how the events came to be. Nor do we clearly understand the ending of the book. It had one of those bailout endings. (Imagine the author thinking \\"How do I end this thing? Oh, I don't know. Let's just give it an ending.\\")<br /><br />2. We don't know where are these people with respect to everyone else in the world. Did everyone else just mysteriously vanish leaving these people to live this life?<br /><br />3. There were a few too many elements borrowed from other dystopian novels. So, we did notice that Lowry showed characters who made up compound words to describe things that would have been distasteful to them. (\\"Release\\"=death; \\"newchild\\"=baby, etc.)<br /><br />4. These topics are way too heavy for this to be a children's book. I understand what Lowry was getting at in most instances (\\"What is pleasure without pain?\\" or \\"If you never have to struggle to survive, how do you appreciate surviving?\\"), but one comes away with the impression that this was just overall poorly done. She could have chosen one SIMPLE theme and stuck with it-- so as to make the book suitable for children. (How many childrens' books need Cliffs' notes for goodness sake?)<br /><br />5. Can people really be modified this much? The point of human beings is to make more DNA (and not the other way around). Can people so easily be trained to abandon their sexual feelings or their babies? People see colors before they can describe them in words. How do you train someone to not understand that? Perhaps it is good that this book *was* written for kids, because at this point in time, the feats that would have been necessary to make these people could not have been believed by any reasonable adult (that had sat through Bio 101).<br /><br />I would pay, at most, $1 for this book-- but not for my children. Just to read it out of curiousity/ morbid interest.ult (that had sat through Bio 101).    I would pay, at most, $1 for this book-- but not for my children. Just to read it out of curiousity/ morbid interest.
0385341008|4.0|I thought the book was well written with a light and humorous British flair.  As I read it, I imagined Brigette Jones as being the reader which seemed to lighten the mood of the story as I anticipated was the author's intent.  The book gives another side or thought to those held hostage in WWII not as prisoners but as unfortunate casualties of circumstance that are rarely if ever heard about.  It also portrayed a personal note that not all Germans were Nazi's and some were very kind, thoughtful and did what they could to help despite the current situation.
B000FVQYYK|4.0|this album had to grow on me, but when it did i was fairly happy. But unfortunately i can't say the same about their earlier albums, having a hard time getting past the lead singers falsetto! hardcore fans i'm sorry about the last remark, but i did dig black holes and revelations!
B001DJ7PNW|4.0|I like the movie and all, but what's up with Oliver Stone changing the facts?  There was one person involved with the Kennedy assasination, not three.  Lee Harvey Oswald was not homosexual, (though thats not that important, I just wanted to clarify that), and some of the conspiracy facts in the movie aren't true as well.  If your looking for a movie to enjoy, then pick it up.  If your looking for a history source on JFK, then it's not for you.
B001GCUER0|5.0|This series continues to be way above average.  It's still the sixties and I highly recommend!
B000IOLZZW|3.0|Jim Carrey shure is a funny guy!   But I've seen him do better in other movies.    CHRISTMAS 2009 is around the corner so pick up  The Grinch on HD DVD or DVD today.
0810983915|5.0|Kinney, Jeff.  Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Dog Days.  Amulet Books.  2009.    From the first diary entry, \\"For me, summer vacation is basically a three-month guilt trip. Just because the weather's nice, everyone expects you to be outside all day \\"frolicking\\" or whatever\\", readers will identify with this story.  I can just see kids heaving a big sigh of relief as they hear someone else voice their thoughts. Jeff Kinney has thoroughly captured the feelings of a young person at odds with his parent's idea of how to enjoy a vacation. This book is chock full of humor: the young boy Greg Heffley describes in his journal entry how his mother buys and buries some sea shells at the beach for his younger brother to find, \\"Well, I wish I didn't see that, because it made me re-evaluate my whole childhood\\". Children and adults will laugh out loud as they read this delightful \\"memoir\\" by a middle school-age boy. For months, our library has had waiting lists for this humorous fiction series.
B001BMKOZW|3.0|I knew Daron was a weird one. This cd proves it. I wish System of a Down would get back together, so we don't get more of this crap. There are a few good songs, but he does too much weird/stupid stuff with his voice. The lyrics are really.... dumb, half the time.
0312370849|4.0|Compelling story connecting 2 women's relationship to the Holocaust.  The book goes back and forth between the 2 women's stories, past and present. I could not put this down for most of the story, but found a too predictable ending to be very disappointing.
B001QGRIO8|3.0|Spoiler alert.  Not only does the author condone teenage marriage in this book but also teenage pregnancy?  The pregnancy was a surprise.  I didn't see that one coming.  But was it necessary?  And the whole Jacob POV?  Was that necessary also?  This book is not really an ending.  We still have a disappointed Volturi element out there, lurking.  What is going to happen?  Jacob and Renesme fight them off?  I do have to say that Bella was always supposed to be a vampire.  You could tell that from the first book when she could \\"smell\\" the blood.  So it is no surprise that she took to it like a fish to water.  I do have a word for the publishers though.  Who does the proofreading?  A buck is a male deer, NOT an elk.  Not only that but there were several spelling and grammatical errors.  When I spend money on a book, I want an error free product.
B0013FSL0C|5.0|I had heard of this program but do not subscribe to HBO, so I bought the series on Amazon (I have a psych background so I was really curious).  My husband and I took it to the beach and watched five half hour sessions (2 1/2 hours) each night!  We could hardly wait to see what would happen to the patients (and therapist), so we watched the entire season over the course of our trip! It was great to be able to buy it and watch it as we chose, not having to wait from week to week.  Obviously, we really enjoyed it and are anxiously awaiting the release of Seson 2.
B0002KVULG|1.0|Based on the highly-lauded Broadway production of the 1970s that starred Frank Langella, director John Badham's version of \\"Dracula\\" might be the last traditional horror film ever made before the genre was hijacked by aliens, slashers and monsters made out of latex rubber.  While not critically respected at the time of its release, it at least offered some good, creepy scenes (including an effective recreation of the wall-crawling sequence from the novel), had atmosphere galore, and presented Langella as an ultra-smooth, romantic bloodsucker.  It also offered the spectacle of Sir Laurence Olivier cutting a juicy slice of Black Forest Ham as Professor Van Helsing.  Even the much maligned ending was at least startling.  That, however, was the theatrical film.  The picture on the DVD, unfortunately, has been altered to the point of unwatchability, and by Badham himself!  Usually it is others who ruin a director's films. The shtick of the Broadway show was that the set was designed (by Edward Gorey) in black and white, with one drop of crimson somewhere on the stage.  The movie was shot in normal color, but now it has been desaturated as to be virtually black and white.  The problem is that this now makes the picture look like it was filmed through a welder's helmet, with many scenes so dark that the action is barely discernable.  This kind of noirish mood has to be intentional from the get-go, and not imposed digitally later.  If you can see \\"Dracula\\" on the big screen somewhere, it is still worth it.  This DVD, however, is not.
B00003CWPL|4.0|This movie isn't for everybody, but if you're like me, and weird stuff is enough to entertain you, you'll probably get some enjoyment out of it, particularly the dream (I guess?) sequence where the movie gets its title.  It's got to be the ugliest movie I've ever seen.  Ugly people, gross special effects, this movie has it all.  There's nothing in this movie that's pretty, except maybe one or two disturbed women.  At many points I wasn't quite sure how to feel, so I was very disturbed.  I'm not sure when the movie was made but it seems to provide some very ambiguous commentary on the whole abortion issue.<br /><br />Of course, it's an art film, so expect a butchered plot and lots of moments without action or dialogue.  At least it's only an hour and a half long, which isn't bad compared to 2001 A Space Odyssey.<br /><br />I bet most people who see this movie already know what it's going to be like before they see it.  It's not a particularly easy movie to find, so people probably find out what goes on in the movie in the process of deciding whether or not to see it.  Not for kids.<br /><br />(10/29/09 - Some (maybe all, I'm not sure) DVD versions of this movie have a menu sequence that looks a little too realistically disturbing.  I later found out that the corpse of the cat in this footage is a real corpse.  Lynch broke a promise to not film this dead cat he acquired, and the poor cat's remains were clearly treated in an undignified manner.  It was some hard footage for me to watch since I recently lost a cat myself.  But despite my personal feelings about Lynch, I can't bring myself to hate this ugly Eraserhead movie.)
B0018YIW4S|5.0|One of the best hard rock/guitar albums of all time. UFO still amazes me when I listen to this CD, the writing ,playing and energy are unmatched by most bands.If you ever want to learn how to put together a guitar solo with technique ,melody and grace you'd be challenged to find someone better than you know who.... It's been said a thousand times but I always wondered why they weren't more well known , then I saw a TV show one day about them and was amazed buy the number of bands and artists that said what a HUGE influence UFO had on them , even artists I wouldn't have thought of. Maybe as with many things in life UFO may always be one of the best kept secrets, and there's nothing wrong with that....
