B000006ZJK|5.0|what can i say? this album is really great, all the songs are awesome. but when i heard the two bonus tracks i got really shocked....how can you make a Demo version that is as good as the final version??? i really don't know.....this album is one of my favorites, all the songs are really really good and it includes my favorite song &quot;Paradise&quot;, wow, if you have the money, dont hesitate, buy the extra tracks Visions, it's much better than the normal one.
B00004YB9Y|3.0|An avid fan of the the 3 Tenors format and the tenors themselves, I was a little disappointed in this long overdue production of Christmas Music.  While many of the more cherished traditional numbers (Ave Maria, Silent Night, etc.) brought a warmth and gratitude for the these men and their talent, some of the other offerings were less than expected.  The Jingle Bells arrangement can only be categorized as &quot;a waste of great talent.&quot;  If you are a fan and have seen the video, then you must get the CD.  The CD's producers obviously &quot;assisted&quot; the recordings compared to the video's poor presentation.  Mr. Pavarotti shows some weakness in what is normally his forte -- power.  Mr. Carreras seems to attempt a &quot;coloring&quot; of his vocal talent when normally his diction and technique are beyond any dispute.  Only Mr. Domingo shows his emotional warmth and strength as well as his command of the English idiom.  For Christmas music &quot;philes&quot;, this CD is still a must have. And for those 3 Tenor fans, this could well be the last to have.
B00000INGT|4.0|I bought this for my boyfriend who is a Joel Tudor fan.  He loved this video!  If you longboard or know someone who does, I would recommend watching this video. Alantic Moon is a great find.  Not every surf store carries it.  This video is by far on of the best longboard videos we have seen. (And if you like Joel Tudor, I also bought Siestas&amp;Olas here on amazon.com)
B000001DTM|5.0|Along with Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band and Exile on Main Street, Achtung Baby stands as one of the three greatest rock albums ever made...topping even The Joshua Tree. This is an essential CD to any serious music fan or collector.  Achtung Baby is the most amazing reinvention of an established superstar band....ever.  Not only did they pull it off creatively, but they managed to keep their legion of fans and add a few more along the way.
B000000HTM|5.0|I know, this isn't their first album -- it isn't even the one I heard first.  A few months before I heard PAWN HEARTS, a friend of mine who was already a huge fan play H TO HE for me -- I guess I just wasn't ready yet.  When I heard PAWN HEARTS for the first time, it all came together -- the music, the arrangements, the incredible lyrics of Peter Hammill, his one-of-a-kind voice.  I think, after years under the bridge, that this is their first really mature album.  The earlier ones have their moments, but this one is complete -- they had found their sound and, with the able help of producer John Anthony (also responsible for several early Genesis albums, their best work), managed to get it across to the listener in all its power and glory.  Every member of the band contributes such strength and taste to the whole -- Hugh Banton's surging keyboard work, David Jackson's alternately whispering and snarling saxophone spirals, Guy Evans supplying the heartbeat, and Peter's songwriting/vocals (as well as some fine piano).  Guest Robert Fripp's guitar lines at the end of 'Plague' is some of his most stirring work -- it never fails to bring tears to my eyes to hear it.  The album can be both delicately beautiful and frighteningly jarring -- always to perfect effect.  The last lines of 'A plague of lighthouse keepers' are permanently etched into my musical soul: 'All things are apart/all things are a part...'  This theme of the unity of all things in the universe came back to me again recently upon my first reading of THE ALCHEMIST by Paolo Coelho.  Inspired, I sent the author a copy of Peter's lyrics, which he replied, 'are truly magical'.  Nuff said.
B00003OST8|5.0|Okay, so this is a great film.  Everything works!  So I have only one question:  WHERE OH WHERE IS THE DVD?!  C'mon, oh powers that be:  get this Errol Flynn and company &quot;Adventures of Robin Hood&quot; on DVD!  A great digital transfer (with enhanced sound?!) from the original film negative would be a great achievement on DVD.  So, c'mon!  Get this movie on DVD.  Let's hear it from fans:  DVD!  DVD!  DVD!
B000001FMC|5.0|When I first bought this CD, I did so because I liked the two hit singles &quot;Breakout&quot; and &quot;Twilight World&quot;.  Well, was I ever in for a treat.  All of the original songs are good from &quot;Breakout&quot; to the excellent instrumental finale &quot;It's Better to Travel&quot;.  I could do without the extended and somewhat altered dance mix versions that they stuck at the end although the instrumental version of &quot;Communion&quot; isn't bad.  Good upbeat music for the car.  I'm surprised that &quot;Fooled by a Smile&quot; was never released as a single as this is probably the most catchy and soon became my favorite.  This one's a real keeper!!
0671027344|5.0|This is by far the best book I've ever read!  I wish that the story would have gone on for a long time into Charlie's life.  Every aspect of this book is amazing.  It is written in a letter format, and the author even depicted how a person's writing style grows and developes as they do.  I would recommend this to anybody!
0812550706|5.0|How anyone couldn't enjoy this book, sci-fi fan or not, is beyond me. I loved it both times I read it, even more so the second time. The first time I read it was for an English book project in the 8th grade. My teacher was helping me pick a book and she handed me a worn-out copy of &quot;Ender's Game&quot; from the library and said, &quot;Here, I think you'd like this one.&quot; So I read it, and to say she was right would be an understatement. &quot;Ender's Game&quot; is probably my all-time favorite book, and I've read A LOT of books! Orson Scott Card has terrific command of the language in his book, he keeps a breakneck pace, and we are never any less eager to turn a page from beginning to surprise end. If you haven't already, read this book. If you simply overlook it in the bookstore, or here at Amazon, you're doing yourself a great diservice. &quot;Ender's Game&quot; isn't just a great novel, it's an entire experience.
B00004XONN|5.0|'kid a' is maybe one of the best albums i have ever heard. all of the songs (if you can even call them that), have a very profound beauty, beauty that i have yet to hear in another record from the last 20 years. i truly love this album
B00003CXDG|1.0|.... I rented the DVD. Here're the highlights from my experience:  Tom Cruise is an idiot and a little girl. It is really embarrassing to watch him making those silly faces all the time. John (whatever his real name is) Woo is a Chinese director who hasn't got a clue that he's not in Hong Kong anymore! All stunts are done very poorly. It is so obvious that there're wires attached to the guy every time he jumps, it makes you think that you are watching a spoof! Just look at the Cruise's character leg position when he jumps from one cliff to another in the beginning of the movie - you'll understand. The Tai/Indonesian girl was very annoying and pathetic - you really wanted her to jump from that cliff just to get it over with. Enough of mask changing already! A mask for any occasion in your shirt pocket??? What the idiotic motorcycle race, that takes almost the entire second half of the movie, has to do with Mission Impossible? In fact, what WAS the &quot;mission impossible&quot;? All in all, however, the flick is worth watching once - it will make you laugh a few times  - mainly because of the ridiculous stunts and plot turns. The cinematography is nice - here and there, music is inappropriate though. Just don't expect any suspense or excitement or story for that matter - there is none. MI-I was a smart, stylish spy film with many notable characters, perfectly assembled cast, and engaging, unpredictable story line.  MI-II is a joke and an insult to the Mission Impossible legacy.
B00000JXZ7|5.0|This is a classic pairing of violin concertos.  Chung Kyung- Wha's recording with Charles Dutiot is the best, I think.  This recording used to be pared with the Tchaikovsky concerto, but that CD is no longer available.  The Bruch is also good, but I like the Tchaikovsky better.  If you see that disk you should get it also.
B00000064F|5.0|This is THE masterpiece... I don't know of what genre, maybe we could call it &quot;folk&quot; music.<br />Anyway, the author was a real genius and this work is his best.
B000050XEI|5.0|I've listened to this CD - A Day Without Rain - everyday now since I received it. It surely carries all of the wonderful ENYA trademarks and her voice is more beautiful than ever. Sometimes, when I listen to it, I wish that it waslonger, but it takes you on a journey. If you let her take you where she wants you to go, the journey will be just the right length and it will let you land in the most peaceful, relaxed place. ENYA takes so long to release albums because of the immense production and artisticness put into every song. And being a recording artist myself, I admire and respect that. This album was definitely worth the wait. I've never listened to an ENYA CD that I was in the least bit disappointed with. If you listen to it and it sounds the same as her last projects, it should. She's ENYA and she needs to sound like ENYA. If you want a new sound buy a different CD, but if you're ready once again to visit a far away place that only she can take you to, buy &quot;a day without rain&quot;, you'll be glad you did.
B000001ESP|5.0|OK, just put on The Camera Eye and try to not see yourself at 12 playing vids. <br />Or maybe you need some extra juice for that drive home? Red Barchetta is there for you. <br />Feeling Satanic? You know what tune to crank. <br />Even when they start sounding like the Police, they're still cool. Like Neil Young or Frank, Rush is there for you when you're just feeling like a guy. And shouldn't feeling like a guy mean something besides listening to Limp Bizkit?
B00003CWPR|2.0|Stanley Kubrik is old.  Or he would be old if he weren't dead.  This movie would probably have been a very probing look at sexuality, inhibition, jealousy, conspiracy and corruption... if it were made 20 years ago.  Today, you have to look at the characters and events and just say \\"Give me a break.\\"  This film is more pretentious than dull, and it is very dull.  Although this film is primarily struggling to shock you and challenge you on topics that have been addressed a hundred better ways, it is technically beautiful, and the characters seem exceptionally sincere.  It is a beautiful movie in exactly the same way that \\"Lost in Space\\" was beautiful.  Technically well done, but painfully amiss on story and perhaps simply ill-conceived.  Watch \\"The Wall\\".  Watch \\"9 1/2 weeks\\".  Watch something better.
0679879269|5.0|If you enjoyed The Golden Compass' and The Subtle Knife's surprising plots and if you are not afraid of new and different ideias then you're going to like this book. Read it with an open mind. You won't be able to predict what is going to happen, you won't know what is in the coming pages, you won't get bored. You don't need to take the author's ideas seriously, if you don't want to, but keep in mind that this is a universe full of mystery and that no one knows all the answers, though we sometimes act as if we knew. There are many possibilities, and Mr. Pullman presents a fascinating one with extraodinary skill. PS: Will is my favorite character. He's so strong, so brave!
0521447054|2.0|I am a great fan of the grammar books by Raymond Murphy.  While this text would have been excellent when I was teaching in Spain, my students from Latin America find it cumbersome.  The reason why it is not particularly useful is due to the spelling, word usage and idiomatic phrases of British English.  In addition, the use of the Spanish &quot;Vosotros&quot; is not used in Latin America.  I would love to get my hands on a Standard American English / Latin American Spanish version.
B00003CX8J|5.0|Where do I begin praising this movie? First and foremost, X-Men is a comic book movie. As a comic book fan, all I'm looking for from this is a good story that is faithful to the series and the characters. While several things changed in the transition from comic page to big screen, all of the characters are very faithful to their roots (with the exception of Toad, who's a pretty lousy character in the comics anyway). The biggest complaint I heard from friends was that &quot;they mixed up Rogue and Jubilee!&quot; While this is partially true (Rogue is Jubilee's age and has Jubilee's relationship with Wolverine), it's not entirely true. Rogue is Rogue, not Jubilee. She's a young Rogue, but she is Rogue. That out of the way, all of the changes that were made were done to make a good movie. The demands of comic books and movies are two completely different things, and the folks who made this movie understood that. So they changed the things that had to be changed and left everything else alone. Aside from all that, it's a great movie in its own right as well. No knowledge of the characters or stories from the comic book series is needed to enjoy this movie, which is a terrific action film that, unlike many action films, also features a very talented cast of actors and an extremely skilled director.<br />PS The extra features on the DVD are great, as well. It contains all of the standard features (trailers, director interview, subtitles, deleted scenes) but also has the &quot;Mutant Watch&quot; promotional show from Fox, as well as character designs for two characters not in the film (Beast and the Blob) and a hilarious scene of &quot;Spider-Man&quot; (Bryan Singer under the costume) surprising the X-Men just before the big climax.<br />PPS For those of you who didn't catch it, X-Men creator Stan Lee has a cameo in this movie. He's the hot dog vendor behind Senator Kelly in the beach scene.
0399146253|4.0|I just finished The Last Precinct a few hours ago!  Patricia Cornwell has come through with yet another great Scarpetta novel.  She tied up some loose ends and left us all craving more with her ending.  I look forward to the future of Scarpetta, Marino, Lucy, Teun and Berger.  Great job PC! Can't wait to read the next one!
630242335X|5.0|I grew up in the 80's and was obsessed with STAR WARS so I payed little attention to Star Trek.  I was in the video store and Part six caught my eye... I went..OHMIGOD there are six STAR TREK films???  SO I grabbed it and watched it three times in a row....now im a hooked.  Im not a trekkie, but I love outer space movies.. Its brilliant.. Lots of court room drama.B
B00004Z4UW|5.0|The Matrix is an excellent movie that combines science fiction, shoot-em-up action, and philosophical questions about the nature of Reality.  If you are plugged in to a computer, and that computer presents you with a reality that is completely indistinguishable from your own, is it any less real?<br />This movie has exceptional special effects, beautiful cinematography, an excellent soundtrack, well-crafted dialogue, and respectable acting.  Keanu Reeves may be a lousy actor, but I think that the Matrix is probably his best performance to date.<br />The Platinum Limited Edition isn't really worth the extra money unless you're an absolute, die-hard, take the red pill, freak.  I wish I had known that before ordering this product.  It comes in a box about as thick as an encyclopedia, and is fairly large, so it won't fit on the shelf with the rest of your DVDs.  Opening it up, I was rather disappointed -- most of the volume is filled with a cheap plastic tray that contains a celluloid clip of the film with a blown-up photo (decent, but nothing fantastic), a few postcard-sized stills from the movie, and a copy of the normal DVD in a normal case.  Nothing fantastic.  For this money, I was expecting a DVD with DTS sound, alternate angles, deleted scenes, etc., but just got the same old Matrix disc.  A major drag.<br />Do yourself a favor.  Buy the basic copy.
6305750750|5.0|STAR WARS does something to me, no other movie does.  Just seeing the Lucasfilm logo at the bigging gives me goosebumps.  The trailer in the theatre did the same.  Seeing the Phrase  &quot;A long time ago......in a galaxy far, far, away gets me soo excited.  The same feeling occured for this film.  The magic is back, however the lack of human characters lessen the magic a bit.  The movie could use more space scenes however the plot and the special effects do it for this one.  The added technology make it look cheesy.  I wish they could have used the old technology from the prior films.  Then it would be perfect.
0312853254|5.0|I read Ender's Game about 3 years ago and thought it was a good read, but not remarkable.  I am a science fiction fan, but alas, I find that I read sci-fi because, given the quality of a lot of the books out there, it is often an exercise in &quot;escapism&quot; from reading more &quot;serious&quot; books.  I regret to say that Ender's Game was not quite so bad as that, yet not a book that challenged me to think very hard.<br />Not so for Speaker of the Dead.  Card uses Ender's Game as a backdrop to a captivating novel that explores issues of guilt, love, relationships, and suggests possible modes of interaction between humans and a theoretical alien species.  In writing a &quot;futurist&quot; book, Card ingeniously touches on colonialism, religious power and cultural, if not physical, genocide - themes that are historic in the human story.<br />This creative novel turns Ender's Game upside down and surprisingly makes Ender the cultural bad guy after his heroic victory at the end of Ender's Game.  Yet it is entirely believable that Ender would be viewed as a monster rather than a hero, once given sufficient time for people to think about it and look at it from a different perspective.  And Ender Wiggins must endure hatred as he attempts to redeem himself through the enigmatic piggies.  Amidst this complex plot, Card is also able to weave a mystery surrounding the piggies that makes the reader want to read right to the very end.<br />And so, this is where science fiction should be.  It is science fiction at its best and so rare in this genre.  I like it when I need to use my brain and I resolve to read more of Card's novels.<br /> Read and Enjoy!
1878424319|5.0|This is a Toltec (Mexican Indian) philosophy book. The four agreements are: 1. Be Impeccable with Your word. 2. Don't Take Anything Personally. 3. Don't Make Assumptions. 4. Always Do Your Best. It teaches you the wisdom of freedom and happiness. You can be free and happy, and reach the Earthly Heaven if you want. Four words to remember: Assumption (don't), Best (do), Impeccable (be), and Personally (don't), or just &quot;ABIP&quot;. The message is simple, easy and practical. I recommended this book to my staff when they feel upset, and wrote &quot;ABIP&quot; and these four words on my desk.
B0000562T9|5.0|Of all the albums in the 80s, Colour By Numbers by Culture Club is probably one of the most influential, if not memorable. It proppelled Boy George and Culture Club into superstardom and spawned a host of gender bending imitators.<br />Culture Club's first album, Kissing to Be Clever, relied solely on the strengths of its three hits, Do You REally Want to Hurt Me, Time (Clock of the Heart) (this song is left out on certain prints of the CD, so watch out), and I'll Tumble 4 Ya. The rest is really a mish mash heavily influenced by Caribbean sound. Their second album, COlour By Numbers rose above that, and it is pure pop. Almost every single track is a standout, each song propelling the listener into its own unique universe.<br />The biggest hit of the album, of course, is the country sounding Karma Chameleon. Others include the pounding Church of the Poison Mind, also Miss Me Blind, It's A Miracle, Victims, Black Money, and Stormkeeper. The album is also helped enormously from Helen Terry's powerful Aretha Franklin-like back vocals, noticably in Church of the Poison Mind, and That's the Way (I'm Only Trying to Help You).<br />Unfortunately, Colour By Numbers will proved to be the biggest high Culture Club will ever produce. Their subsequent albums lacked the energy, charm, and enthusiasim of this album. They should have stopped while they were ahead.
0679879269|4.0|Philip Pullman almost does it again with this mostly marvelous final volume of his Dark Materials series.  The issues portrayed are more adult than in the first two books.  Will and Lyra, just on the verge of growing up, discover what it means to be truly in love.  The author follows Lyra's private feelings more than Will's, who is more focused on the quest than on the girl until it is finally fulfilled.<br />The same adventure and suspense pervades throughout much of the story, with descriptive detail that absorbs the reader from the start.  There is also a certain &quot;Harry Potter&quot; type feel to the book where all the puzzles and wonderings of the major characters are tied up in the last few pages where Will and Lyra fall in love.  I believe the author could have done a somewhat better job of this, especially where scholar Mary Malone is fated to play the biblical 'serpent' figure.  It is not exactly clear how Lyra is tempted by her to do the wrong thing; she merely packs an apple in Will and Lyra's lunch which acts as the trigger for love.<br />I also believe the end of the story may be a bit saddening for children...this book does not have a happy ending at all, but rather one that leaves the reader thinking and the children shouldering more responsibility than is realistic for people of their age to handle.  But these are minor points...the book is well worth the price for the suspense and action of many scenes...the quest in the world of the dead, Lyra's rescue attempt, and the scholar Mary's stay with the wheeled elephant-like mulefa creatures all make this book an excellent read!
0061003697|5.0|This book is heaps cool like aforementioned. I give it 5 stars even though some other insensitive reviewer decided to give the murderer away...sniff. Christie as usual has the genius to send you down the wrong track. Its good to read anywhere as it doesn't creep the hell out of you like &quot;And Then There Were None&quot;. This book packs a punch. A must read!
B00003CWNR|5.0|This movie is another great story about life in small town america.  An orphan by the name if Homer Wells is played by Tobe Maguire.  He was recently in Pleasentville.  I can't believe he is not considered for an Oscar.  Homer is raised in an orphanage/abortion clinic in the 1940's.  Michael Cain plays a doctor who teaches Homer all about medicine.  By the time Homer developes into an adult, he wants to see the world..  Without giving away anymore....GET THIS ONE.
1878424319|5.0|This is a Toltec (Mexican Indian) philosophy book. The four agreements are: 1. Be Impeccable with Your word. 2. Don't Take Anything Personally. 3. Don't Make Assumptions. 4. Always Do Your Best. It teaches you the wisdom of freedom and happiness. You can be free and happy, and reach the Earthly Heaven if you want. Four words to remember: Assumption (don't), Best (do), Impeccable (be), and Personally (don't), or just &quot;ABIP&quot;. The message is simple, easy and practical. I recommended this book to my staff when they feel upset, and wrote &quot;ABIP&quot; and these four words on my desk.
B000002MM8|5.0|And relax. Listen to the sounds of music and voices, not ncessarily words. This album is DCD's best one. The first track apeared in the amazing movie &quot;Baraka&quot;, with other two tracks, maybe not from this album. Their music is Gothic, unique and spiritual lifting. If you have a long drive, and want to think about nothing (!), put this one on. Sit back and hear the band that includes about 8 people using so many different instruments at one time. If only one to buy of DCD, and/or gothic music, this is the one. Enjoy !
0767805712|5.0|I tend only to buy DVDs when I know I'm going to watch it again and again. Every time I see this film it's like I'm watching it for the first time. The concept of genetic engineering is one that intrigues me, and this film is a great snapshot into what could very well be the near future. As was said in Jurassic Park, life always finds a way, and this story reaffirms the notion that we don't have quite as much power over nature as we sometimes believe.
6304057709|5.0|Pure perfection! This is an extraordinary, beautifully crafted film. Kate Winslet is amazing, Emma Thompson, brilliant as screenplay author and actor, and Hugh Grant marvelous, as well. All characters are artfully played and the film is a in a word a gem.  I view it as a special treat for myself! A &quot;must have&quot; for the sophisticated video collector.
1878424319|5.0|This is a Toltec (Mexican Indian) philosophy book. The four agreements are: 1. Be Impeccable with Your word. 2. Don't Take Anything Personally. 3. Don't Make Assumptions. 4. Always Do Your Best. It teaches you the wisdom of freedom and happiness. You can be free and happy, and reach the Earthly Heaven if you want. Four words to remember: Assumption (don't), Best (do), Impeccable (be), and Personally (don't), or just &quot;ABIP&quot;. The message is simple, easy and practical. I recommended this book to my staff when they feel upset, and wrote &quot;ABIP&quot; and these four words on my desk.
B00003CXE7|5.0|For whatever reasons some people wouldn't mind having an experience in the so called known ancient world. But the reality and facts of ancient history, is a constant reminder of brutality and no empathy towards one self and others. Previous movies made about Roman Empire and other places in the ancient world, always portray the personality of a hero with no credible knowledge of his/her livelihood. In this case - Gladiator - we feel what a strategic man is experiencing in a brutal environment. We see his dreams, honor and struggle in balancing the rationale of right and wrong. At the same time, unlike other movies, we feel sympathetic towards the bad guy too. Most of us feel happy when the bad guy looses the battle. But in this case the director cleverly portrays the personality of the bad guy by revealing his articulate thoughts, fears and the dreams of grandeur. It makes you feel sorry that he chose a twisted path in life. When the Gladiator (Russell Crowe) wins the final fight, we are left with the understanding and sympathy towards all characters that this movie portrays.
0451450523|3.0|I am one of those who grew up with the movie, and dreamed about unicorns thanks to this author. Only recently did I actually pick up the book to read. It was very different from my childhood fantasy. The book is very sad and philosophical, not a light easy read. It is one of those very believable books, where, though the characters are princes and magicians and unicorns, you can understand and sympathise with them.<br />Beagle deals with the thoughts on immortality very well, and gives a reader plenty to think about. The reason that I only gave it three stars is because it is a slow read, and I didn't feel satisfied after reading it. But perhaps that is what the author was going for, after all.
B000000I0H|5.0|This may very well be my favorite Oldfield piece as well as one of my favorite minimalist works.  I believe this album was Oldfield's first after Ommadawn and that it came nearly three years later.  Those three years were well spent, beleive me!  As good as Ommadawn is, I actually prefer Incantations for several reasons.  The first and obvious reason is that it's longer than Ommadawn.  I'd rather have 70 minutes of Mike's music that 40 minutes any day!  Another reason is that Incantations sounds slightly less dated (and has a more enduring appeal for me) than Ommadawn.  Ommadawn is a little too psychedelic at times for my preference and I sometimes get the feeling that he set out to accomplish slightly more with it than he actually did.  I never get that feeling with Incantations.  Also, Ommadawn lacks the sheer musical drama of Incantations.  The first and fourth parts are particularly dramatic.<br />If you like Mike's long pieces (most of Mike's fans do!) and if you find minimalist works at all palatable, you will love Incantations. I noticed that some of the reviewers have pointed out that more than a minute is missing from the original release but, never having heard the original, I don't miss a thing.  I would certainly have preferred to have purchased the work in its entirety, but it's so good even as it is that I really can't complain.  This is a five star effort any way you slice it!<br />By the way, if you like minimalist compositions, check out Steve Reich's &quot;The Four Sections.&quot;
B00004ZAV3|2.0|No doubt about it the Beatles were one of the greatest pop bands to exist, but its time to acknowledge the genius of another pop group who threatens to eclipse the melodies and talent of the Fab Four. That band is Backstreet Boys. Can &quot;Penny Lane&quot; come close to &quot;I Want it That Way&quot;? Nope. C'mon people. This collection shows just how fantastic the Beatles songwriting abilities were, but it's the 21st century now, it is time to hail the new gods of pop.
B000001IPL|5.0|Back in the day when people knew their place Offspring rocked! O.k. 1994 wasn't a great year for album releases and the whole punk scene really did suck. At the time I was listening to mainly Slang (an album by Def Leppard) in my car - not after I got SMASH! On the way to, from and during work I had to listen to that album! For all those punk kids I say one thing. Don't drive to this album - It will damage your health! Once you get caught up in the fast melody you'll soon find yourself going 120mph down the slipway... play safe and put the car radio on and listen to something boring like Westlife or B. Spears!
6305609691|1.0|This movie is one of the most common kind of Vietnam movies.  It has nothing to do with anything real.  It is a bazaar tale that couldn't have happened and mis-represents the war in every way.  It includes all the Vietnam war movie formula components: drugs, murder, criminal Americans, noble enemy, etc.  This was one of the first to kick off the style that has gone so far to mis-inform the public as to what the Vietnam war was like.  Hogwash!
B00004XONN|5.0|Love the new CD. It's not just music but also ART. Thats very very rare with all this crappy music now a days. I dont expect some people to like it because people fear what they dont understand!!! But if you have a open mind you will love this cd!!!
0881030376|5.0|Although not one of the lengthiest books to ever hit the shelves, Steinbeck's Of Mice and Men is definitely a warhorse in the arena of American Literature.  Illustrating the fierce love between two friends, Steinbeck takes the reader on a journey through the poverty stricken lands of the West.  These two friends, George and Lennie, are the two main characters of the novel, and their journeys from job to job hold only one thing in common: they keep their dreams to one day own their own little patch of land.  Because of Lennie's combination of mental retardation and incredible strength, he often gets into troublesome situations and ends up leaving town.  George always goes with Lennie, but in the tragic end, George realizes that he cannot keep protecting Lennie from the world. <br />      There is much to this book, but it can easily be read as simply a sad story.  I found it very readable, and I have always kept it close to my heart.  There are some instances of foul language and inappropriate situations, but they in no way are distracting to the overall thematic content.  Steinbeck's evocative language and beautiful descriptions are breathtaking.  The story is not so complex or farfetched that it becomes unbelievable, and I highly recommend it to anyone that is considering reading it.  I truly do love this book.
0812589041|4.0|I am not a fan of science fiction. I prefer stories that contain realism. When I started reading the novel Ender's Game by Orson Scott Card, the idea of sending children to Battle School in space to fight the \\"buggers\\" didn't interest me. As I kept reading I became attached to the children in the story. Becoming attached to the characters allowed the story to become more realistic instead of science fiction. Once I was involved in the story I couldn't put the book down. I would be in the middle of the chapter and I would have to run an errant and the whole time I would be thinking about the novel. I wonder if Ender is going to beat the Salamander Army in their battle today? I was very concerned about the relationships between the characters. The relationship with the parents and siblings of Ender, the other children in Battle School and their reacted to achievements interested me. In Battle School, Ender had to always prove himself because he is so young. I could relate this to my own life. The end of the story came as a surprise. The whole time Ender thought he was playing a game at Command School he was really fighting the buggers as the Third Invasion. I could only imagine what he must have felt when he found out he found out he killed the entire species of buggers. I'm sure it was a great reward for him to live in the new colony as the governor and not have to fight anymore. It was weird to read about how the \\"End of the World\\" was on the bugger's planet. I don't know if I would have done what Ender did when he found the baby queen larva. I think my first instinct would have been to crush it so there would never be a war again but Ender has a better understanding of the proper way to handle the situation. I would recommend this book to others.
B00000K19E|5.0|THE MATRIX DVD is synonymous with DVD players. Just about everyone I know who has a DVD player owns THE MATRIX. Because of its subject matter and technical prowess, it is a DVD that is made for the new digital age of video players.<br />First off, it's a great flick: a live-action comic book (which you'll comprehend once you view the behind the scenes extras -- the storyboards for this film were done by talented comic artists. The frames of the movie replicate these strips. Brilliant!)<br />The DVD looks great.  I recently watched it on one of those excellent plasma screens and realized for the first time that all of the scenes that take place in the \\"matrix\\" have a green tint to them - to suggest the unrealness of the matrix.<br />The story continues to enthrall me every time I watch it.  The Wachowski brothers are great story tellers and THE MATRIX is a great story.  They interpolate references to Jesus and Alice in Wonderland.<br />And Hugo Weaving's performance as Agent Smith is hilarious and nuanced at the same time.<br />The DVD has some great bonus stuff. The feature on \\"Bullet Time\\" is fascinating. You'll understand how they achieved the famous shot of Keanu on the roof in his black jacket dodging bullets!<br />THE MATRIX is 3 years old as of this writing.  In 2003, the first sequel will be out.  It will be interesting to see what the future holds for this film series.
B00000JCOV|4.0|SlipKnot's first CD and i'm sure they're gonna stay for a long time. The Singer #8 (Corey Talor) has a really good voice when he's not screaming, just listen to Wait&amp;Bleed to know what i'm talking about ;) . The Drummer (#2) has really talent.I did'nt give 5stars because somes song are too similars.If you're a fan of Sepultura, or anyother bands with heavy guitar and screaming on all the song and offensive word, who don't offend me, buy it eyes wide shut :)
B00000IPAX|1.0|Sorry to be the arrogant jerk who writes the downer review and has all the holier/hipper than thou advice about music, but in reading the rewiews here I saw many people express some very positive ideas regarding a band that isn't very good. For funny intelligent and fun pop/punk see the Dead Milkmen. For disrespectful ranting hilarious pure punk, see the Dead Kennedys. And for brilliant hilarious perverse fun, see the Frogs. All these bands have talent and humor in their work that Blink simply can't equal. Besides, why buy something all your friends already have. Find something your parents haven't heard of.
B00004Z459|5.0|Okay, you may be a bit sceptical about Linkin Park, but if ypu like Limp Bizkit, Papa Roach, or Slipknot, you'll love Linkin Park.  Since they have two vocalists, they've really revolutionized hard rock. Most bands only have one, but linkin park is different. Linkin Park is a mix of rap and rock with hardcore rock music. These are the best songs:<br />1. Papercut: This song really gives you the idea of what linkin park is all about.<br />2. One step closer: This is their hit. If you've seen advertizements for them on TV, this is the song they play.<br />3.With you: This song is a little more rap-like than some of the others.
0812589041|4.0|Sci-Fi, who would have thought that this novel would change my view on reading.  I was not to excited about this assignment from the get go.  I knew that the class naturally required reading because it is a Reading class, and when &quot;Ender's Game&quot; was assigned, I was not a happy camper.  I hate reading to begin with and Sci-fi did not float my boat.  It was not until I read the actual novel that my views changed about Sci-fi and books in general.   My view on this assignment slowly began to change when the due date for this novel was around the corner.  I picked up the novel and blew the dust off the cover.  I skipped the intro and opened it to chapter one.  Already, I was confused and did not want to proceed with the reading.  I realized that if I was going to read this novel, my attitude had to change.  I started with a new attitude and eventually completed that assignment.   Ender's game was really different from what I expected a Sci-fi novel to be.  So many situations that a six year had to do if was to succeed in the eyes of the adults. He was a Third that no one wanted and rarely is a Third allowed to live.  But Ender, he was different.  He has been monitored since day one and when he was six, it was removed.  Things changed dramatically as the day came when the government would come to claim little Ender.  From the beginning, Ender's parents agreed to give Ender over to government, when they signed the contract.  Who would have thought that the day would come so fast?  A day everyone dreaded, everyone except Peter, Ender's older brother.  He hated Ender and almost tried killing him because of Ender; Peter did not have the chance to go to Battle School.  They chose Ender over Peter and this created much tension between the siblings.  Battle School is where Ender's life would end and begin. His family life would end.  He was no longer able to live at home because Battle School was his new home.  He would miss Valentine the most.  She was Ender's only sister and she loved him to death.  She had a major impact on Ender, he really confided in her.  When he was in training, and missed home, he missed her.   Ender was six when he entered the school and many of the students envied him, including some of the staff members.  He was small for his age and everyone picked on him.  They wanted to see him \\"iced\\" and suffer.  They wanted him to fail and most of this came from the intimidation.  Ender was way too intelligent for his age and any child who is put through drills beyond exhaustion and still comes out on top deserves respect and honor, especially if the survival of the people depend on you.   His time in Battle School gave him more than he expected and even though he was experiencing this type of life style at such a young stage, Ender learned how to cope with the situations thrown in his face.  All he wanted were friends and in Battle School he gained and lost friends.   The whole idea of Sci-fi changed for me when I saw that through Ender, many of us can apply what he went through into our own lives.  It seems as thought sometimes what went on in his life has happened or is currently the situations we face today.  This novel has changed the way I view Sci-fi novels.  I guess it is safe to say, \\"Never judge a book by its cover (or type in this matter)!\\"
B00003CX8J|4.0|The fact that Wolverine spoke what every non-comic book fan was thinking makes the movies heads above all other comic movies. For example, when Professor X was introducing the team, Wolverine made fun of them. This is what the person that thinks all these silly comic names are ridiculous. Wolverine turned the movie into a worhthwhile experience. Thank goodness ... Hugh Jackman was able to take the role.
0767020308|4.0|I bought this DVD on the strength of several Amazon reviews that asserted it was &quot;much better&quot; than the Gwyneth Paltrow version. In fact I found it to be about the same quality in acting and not quite up to the Hollywood version in production values.  Most importantly (contrary to the opinion expressed by one Amazon reviewer), it takes a good deal of license with Austen's original story.  In particular, the hidden relationships and feelings that are essential to the story line are telegraphed by not so subtle glances and innuendo and several substantial changes to Austen's original.  Since the story line in the novel is flawed, this could have been an improvement.  In fact, the results are mixed.
6305171769|4.0|Halloween: H20 was one of Michael Myers best yet. Michael comes back to slash and kills. This time around to find his sister and her son, a college student down to kill but when Curtis around theres no playing around as things get rough, Curtis and her brother face of towards the end. Would Michael ever die? Not unless theres a Michael Goes To Hell: The Final Halloween or unless a H2K or H2K1. We shall soon find out.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|I recently purchased this album as my wife &amp; I are enormous Beatle fans.  It did not disappoint!  The album is a marvelous history of the Beatles music spanning 8 incredible years. Starting w/ &quot;Love me Do&quot; the album takes you through the early years when the music was pretty pop &amp; illustrated their expertise in Rock N' Roll.- &quot;I Want to Hold your Hand&quot;.  Moving into the more sophisticated arrangements of &quot;Eleanor Rigby&quot;, &quot;Penny Lane&quot; &quot;Come Together&quot;, &quot;Let it Be&quot; and finally &quot;The Long &amp; Winding Road.&quot;  The album has something for everyone and will fill your speakers for years to come.&quot;  The book included with the CD gives an entire history of each &amp; every cut with the release date &amp; the date the single went #1 both in the UK and the US. It also tells you how long for how long the single was #1 . The back cover is areproduction of Richard Avedon's photos of the Beatles done for Life Magazine.  It's worth it for that alone. I highly recommend it.
B00000JGEH|4.0|Arnold can't get any better. He has done many and many films but The Terminator series takes the cake as Arnold gets sent back from time to face Sarah Connor. He tracks her down and trys to kill her but John from the future sents Kyle Reese John's father to save her from Arnold. As Arnold gets crushed and dies Sarah gets locked up and brakes free in Terminator 2 and must face the T-1000. Two more releases of Terminator 3 and Terminator 4 to be released. As I said in the Terminator 2 review in Terminator 3 Arnold must face a female T-1G in Terminator 3 and as now Arnold an't making any plans for Terminator 4.
6305750750|3.0|Like the movie or not, I was very disappointed with a VHS copy.  Even though I only paid $5.00 for it, the scratchy soundtrack and grainy video is exactly why VHS needs to be retired.<br />Instead of taking the initiative Mr. Lucas continues to milk a dying format for more money.  I am saddened that Mr. Lucas chooses to showcase his work in this manner and I can only hope that the DVD's will be seen sometime in the next few years.
B000050XEI|5.0|Five years after the release of her last original album, &quot;The Memory of Trees&quot;, this remarkably talented lady has again provided music which stirs the depths of the soul.  &quot;A Day Without Rain&quot; may be her most interconnected album yet.  Each piece seems joined together better than on her previous albums.<br />The only negative is the relative brevity of this work.  Still, 35 minutes of new Enya is better than no new Enya.  My personal favorites on this album are &quot;Only Time&quot; and &quot;One by One&quot;.<br />Any fan of Enya will enjoy this new release.  Her music is beautiful and she has an incredibly talented voice.  Hopefully it won't be 5 years till her next new release.
B0000020C4|5.0|Yes, it is the best recording ever.  I enjoyed much of the Fantine here and mostly the outstanding performance of Eponine.  Wow[...]  I love both of their renditions.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|This album is so good that my friends and myself all own a copy of it.  There are hits a plenty on this album with songs like, Affirmation, Hold Me, Crash And Burn, Animal Song and I Knew I Loved You, but its not just these songs that make the album what it is, but the distinct voice of the singer.  The album is an improvement on the first which i thought would be impossible to beat, but they have managed to do it with some of the saddest love songs i have ever heard.  I hope savage Garden hurry up and release another album ASAP
B000002H8F|5.0|This CD is super, mostly because of NATHAN. yep. he's one super guy who is super. so is this cd. buy it. then buy it again. send one to NATHAN.
B00003XACV|5.0|A wonderful soundtrack and cd.   This soundtrack/score is an example of the best in &quot;mood music&quot;.   At times very ethereal and sometimes muscular with the main theme returning in an haunting fashion throughout.  The best soundtrack of 2000 and one of the best cds of the year as well. A &quot;can't miss&quot; selection.
B00003CWTI|5.0|How the Hell did the Academy chose which actors to nominate for this film, that would have driven me crazy. If you look at the cast list, you'll obviously see alot of exceptionally talented actors. And if you watch the film, you'll be shocked to see that nearly every one of them is also in their best role. Tom Cruise, Phillip Seymour Hoffman, Julianne Moore, Phillip Baker Hall, John C Reilly, William H Macy. They are all (once again) Phenominal. The opening 5 minutes of the film is also one of the greatest openings i've ever seen.. Ever. Did I mention that the middle and the End are also brilliant, It really is a great film. If your still sceptical.. See it anyway, at over 3 hours, your bound to find something you like.
079073639X|2.0|I like sci-fi flicks a lot but this one really blew me away. You got 3 big stars, trying really hard to make it work. But it just didn't do it. The effects are great, but the story is very poor. This is one of those that feels just like an episode of &quot;Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea&quot;.
B00003CXE7|5.0|You really get yor money's worth with &quot;Gladiator&quot;! This is a DVD lover's dream come true --- an epic movie loaded with tons of extras. First and foremost, this two-disc set features a beautiful widescreen print of one of the most visually stunning films in Hollywood's history. Director Ridley Scott and crew bring Ancient Rome to life in a grandiose fashion not seen since &quot;Ben Hur&quot;. The images are so crisp and 3-dimensional that it's hard to believe so much of this film is computer generated. The DTS sound really delivers. Crank it up during the intensely  thrilling Roman Coliseum battles. It's like being front-row and center as the heroic Maximus (Russell Crowe) slays both man and beast during some of the most riveting fight scenes ever filmed. Of course, all the visual effects in the world are worthless if the movie itself fails to deliver. No worry here. The tension between Maximus and Emperor Commodus (a wonderfully evil Joaquin Phoenix) carries &quot;Gladiator&quot; from beginning to bloody end. Phoenix is one of the creepiest bigscreen villains of all-time-- a snide, backstabing traitor. Crowe, however, is as heroic as Phoenix is evil. I guarantee you'll cheer Crowe's every move during their imminent showdown. It's a battle of pure bloody vengeance which, in terms of thrills, is unsurpassed.<br />Just as satisfying as the film itself is the second disc which is packed with extras. Included are a &quot;making of&quot; mini-documentary, and a pair of &quot;behind the scenes&quot; featurettes which provide a lot of interesting insight. Director Scott provides an informative audio commentary which I found to be nearly as good as the movie itself. And if all this isn't enough, you get a ton of deleted scenes (complete with commentary) and a gallery of still photos from the set of &quot;Gladiator&quot;. Overall, this is a first-rate DVD. It's not often that a film of such epic proportions is packaged so well for the home theatre crowd. In fact, the extras alone are worth the price of admission. Highly recommended for action fans. Five stars all the way!
6305075492|4.0|Long recognized for its style in bizarre expressionism, THE CABINET OF DR. CALIGARI is an excellent example of creepy chills in the silent cinema.  Newly tinted, with a solid musical score and informative film commentary, this DVD version is a must have for any film student....or even if you want to curl up by the fire and thrill to this tale of the sinister sleepwalker and the mad doctor......or is he mad?  Find out for yourself.  Highly recommended.
B000024D4R|5.0|Animals is arguably the smartest album ever created.  Animals was released in a crucial time in music...the breaking through of punk.  The Sex Pistols were just becoming noticed, and punk was seen as a revolution of music. .... <br />Animals is the &quot;punk rock&quot; album for Pink Floyd.  Sure, each song is very lengthy, apart from the beautiful love ballad &quot;Pigs on the Wing&quot; which begins and ends the album, but the content of Roger Waters lyrics bear extreme socialist views and critique of society.  The album is obviously a parody of George Orwell's classic novel &quot;Animal Farm&quot;.  <br />I wont go into the philosophical meaning of the novel or album, just read and listen to them, but the songs themselves stand as truly powerful, emotional, and most importantly: real.<br />Dogs is a 17 minute frenzied masterpiece, blending David Gilmours guitar trickery and Waters direct lyrics, such as &quot;And after a while, you can work on points for style, like the club tie, the firm handshake, a certain look in the eyes and an easy smile&quot;  The critique gets more direct still on Pigs (3 different ones) when Waters says &quot;Hey you Whitehouse,ha ha, charade you are...trying to keep our feelings off the street&quot; which was a shot at censorship activist Mary Whitehouse.<br />With the powerful lyrics that Waters conveys, its easy to see why Animals is one of, if not the most clever album ever; lyrically speaking.  Anyone who has not listened to Animals cannot call themselves informed.  This album intelligently combines the euphoric sound that is the Floyd, with lyrics that are not only listenable, but serve as a lesson in life.
0767805712|5.0|This film is undoubtedly one of the finest films I've ever seen.  The acting is superb.  The story is intelligent and unfolds wonderfully.  The music draws you in like you would never imagine.  This movie is executed in a way that you really believe that someday a world like the one in 'Gattaca' could very well exist.  Everything is believable, and maybe that is what is so scary (and eye opening) about it.  <br />And in the end it is a heart warming story about the perseverane of the human spirit.  You owe it to yourself to buy it, then watch it, then watch it again.  It's so good I watched it once, then my girlfriend showed up and I watched it with her again right away.  As I said, a truly excellent film.
076790382X|4.0|A Walk in the Woods had me in stitches and has been a favorite pass along book with many happy readers.  Bryson's characteristic wit shines again and warmed my heart and soul on a cold December weekend. One minor point of correction to the phone number for time and temperature.  It is not 244-5646 as reported on page 30.  The right number is 244-5611.  After so many years since Bill was in Des Moines, 5 out of 7 isn't bad.  Katz should have been consulted to provide accuracy.
067101756X|4.0|I just recently read the book &quot;The Day After Roswell, written by Col. Philip J. Corso and I found this to be extraordinarily insightfulk and full of  wonderful content. I enjoyed reading this book because I am interested in the whole deal with the Roswell Crash and I am also writing a paper for my Science class based on the incident which occured in Roswell, New Mexico July of 1947. This was a very interesting book and I hope that one day we will all know the truth. I give this book four stars out of a possible 5 stars.
B00004Z3AV|5.0|Since Amazon hasn't given the full tracklisting, I will do so here (and include peak positions on the singles charts.)Disc 1:1- Bohemian Rhapsody (#1 in the UK, #2 in the US)2- Another One Bites the Dust (#7 in the UK, #1 in the US)3- Killer Queen (#2 in the UK, #12 i the US)4 &amp; 5- Fat Bottomed Girls/Bicycle Race (#11 in the UK, #24 in the US)6- You're My Best Friend (#7 in the UK, #16 in the US)7- Don't Stop Me Now (#9 in the UK, #86 in the US)8- Save Me (#11 in the UK)9- Crazy Little Thing Called Love (#2 in the UK, #1 in the US)10- Somebody To Love (#2 in the UK, #13 in the US)11- Now I'm Here (#11 in the UK)12- Good Old-Fashioned Lover Boy (#7 in the UK)13- Play the Game (#14 in the UK, #42 in the US)14- Flash (#10 in the UK, #42 in the US)15- Seven Seas of Rhye (#10 in the UK)16 &amp; 17- We Will Rock You/We Are the Champions (#2 in the UK, #4 in the US)Disc 2:1- A Kind of Magic (#3 in the UK, #42 in the US)2- Under Pressure (#1 in the UK, #29 in the US)3- Radio Ga Ga (#2 in the UK, #16 in the US)4- I Want It All (#3 in the UK, #50 in the US)5- I Want to Break Free (#3 in the UK)6- Innuendo (#1 in the UK)7- It's A Hard Life (#6 in the UK, #72 in the US)8- Breakthru (#7 in the UK)9- Who Wants To Live Forever (#24 in the UK)10- Headlong (#14 in the UK)11- The Miracle (#21 in the UK)12- I'm Going Slightly Mad (#22 in the UK)13- The Invisible Man (#12 in the UK)14- Hammer To Fall (#13 in the UK)15- Friends Will Be Friends (#14 in the UK)16- The Show Must Go On (#16 in the UK)17- One Vision (#7 in the UK, #61 in the US)Disc 3:1- The Show Must Go On &lt;with Elton John&gt;2- Under Pressure &quot;Rah Mix&quot; (Top 15 in the UK)3- Barcelona &lt;Freddie &amp; Montserrat Caballe&gt; (#2 in the UK)4- Too Much Love Will Kill You (#15 in the UK)5- Somebody To Love &lt;with George Michael&gt; (#1 in the UK)6- You Don't Fool Me (#17 in the UK)7- Heaven For Everyone (#2 in the UK)8- Las Palabras De Amor (#17 in the UK)9- Driven By You &lt;Brian&gt; (#6 in the UK)10- Living On My Own &lt;Freddie&gt; (#1 in the UK)11- Let Me Live (#9 in the UK)12- The Great Pretender (#4 in the UK)13- Princes of the Universe &lt;theme from the &quot;Highlander&quot; movie14- Another One Bites the Dust &lt;with Wyclef Jean&gt; (Top 10 in the UK)15- No-one But You (#Top 15 in the UK)16- These Are the Days Of Our Lives 17- Thank God It's Christmas (#21 in the UK)Well, as you can plainly see, there is NO reason to buy any other &quot;hits&quot; compilation from Queen. &quot;The Platinum Collection&quot; has it all. Buy it now!
B00003CXDG|2.0|I think John Woo better moves out of Hollywood.  The nice movie budgets that he has now do not appear to give him only mediocre screenplays, and to make up, he has plagiarized his earlier works shamelessly.  Or maybe he should persuade someone to fund a movie with Chow Yun Fat.  The Killer was cliche-ridden, but that movie was a league apart from the mess that Mission Impossible 2 is.  The problematic Mission Impossible 1 at least has some energy to spare.<br />The story line is very simple.  An Australian biotech company invented something so nasty that a scientist decided to smuggle the secret to the Atlanta-based Center of Disease Control (don't ask why he did not simply go to the Australian government.) Some nasty guys got their hands on the secret, and it's Agent Ethan Hunt's job to discover and retrieve the secret.  Very different than the TV missions and the first Mission Impossible movie, this time around, there is little subtlety in Ethan Hunt's mission (it's worth noting that this is the first movie in which Tom Cruise uses a handgun.)<br />Let's get some good stuff out of the way.  Thandie Newton is simply gorgeous.  Some action scenes, though absurd, are good enough to wake up the audience (such as the fall into the vent shaft.)  The photography is very good.<br />The bad things are too numerous to count.  Thandie Newton has nothing to do except standing there and looks pretty.  The bad guys are too pat to be menacing (MI 1 has a plethora of interesting bad guys, including Henry Czerny in his menacing best, and of course, the always-excellent Jean Reno.)  Tom Cruise hogged all the action scenes; why did he have to attack the compound alone?  The climax goes on and on and on.<br />The DVD contains Woo's commentary, and a number of short segments on the making of the action scenes.  While some are interesting, it gets a bit tiring to hear so much praise heaped on Tom Cruise.  The segments also seem to indicate that the movie was simply nothing more than Tom Cruise and John Woo sitting around dreaming up action sequences, and it was up to the poor Robert Towne who had to figure how to make the whole thing comprehensible.  Check the movie only if you are either a Tom Cruise or John Woo fan.
B00003CXE7|5.0|This DVD is of one of the best quality DVDs to date and well worth the purchase especially with all the extras!  A must get for all who love the film and quality DVD!<br />If a movie like American Beauty can win Best Picture, Gladiator will walk away with it this year. Even though it has been a bad year for quality films, that really wouldn't have made a difference because Gladitor, in my opinion is the best overall film made in decades and it would've taken alot to beat it. Perhaps the business knew this and are waiting until next year to release the better quality stuff. <br />Hats of to Ridley Scott for what will be a long awaited and deserved Oscar for Best Picture and Director. What can I say, it has potential for Best Actor: Russell Crow, Best Supporting Actor: Joachim Phoenix or Richard Harris, Best Actress: Connie Nielsen, Original Score: Zimmerman (that's a guarantee), Best Sound, Best Visual Effects, Cinematoraphy and the list goes on. This movie has the potential to win the most oscars of any single film to date because it will grab the special effects awards traditionally given to sci-fi movies.<br />I love this movie and DVD, as you can tell!<br />Chris Wood, Miramichi NB Canada
0140288503|3.0|The book is about an incident in the peacekeeping mission of the US forces in Somalia. In broad outline a number of elite soldiers a ranger force attempted to kidnap some Somali civilians....<br />From reading this book one gets the impression that the whole exercise was deeply flawed. The rangers did not seem to be able to connect with the local population at all dismissing them as &quot;Skinnies&quot;. The Rangers described a small gauge German automatic pistol not as a pistol, but as a &quot;Skinnie Popper&quot;.  The story the Rangers tell is of an adventure in which the enemy is hardly human more like aliens in a science fiction movie. This is despite the fact that the US had been in Somalia for some 10 months. One wonders what was meant to be achieved by the kidnap of individual leaders. The reality seemed to have been that Somalia had fragmented and that there was no defined single opposition to the peacekeepers, rather there was a myriad of factions. One would have thought that if the Rangers had succeeded in their kidnap it would not have ended the conflict as another rebel group would have sprung up.<br />One also wonders about the military logic of landing people from helicopters in urban areas remote from support when the local population were equipped with hand held rocket launchers. This sort of incident was surely the sort of thing that was likely to happen.<br />The author interviewed some of the Somali's including a member of Adid's faction and another who he describes as a mercenary. The first describes how previous raids by the Americans had not been well directed and led to civilian deaths. This made it easy for Adid to demonize the Americans and to make resistance to them popular. The second Somali describes his own role but it is not clear if the resistance was organized or largely spontaneous.  Most of the book however relates to the American side of things.  Occasionally the author has his Somali informants speak not as normal people speak but has them doing sons of the desert imitations. He has his informants saying things like &quot;they dropped from the great birds in the sky&quot; rather than using normal expressions. Other language by the Rangers is reasonably derogatory of the Somali's speaking of firing at &quot;swarms of excited skinnies&quot;. <br />This incident in fact would objectively be seen as a big victory for General Adid . Against well led highly trained troops a number of poorly armed civilians have defeated a major power and forced them off the African continent. This view of things the author fails to pick up on till the very end of his book. One would be interested to see how Aidid was able to mobilize support when the country was collapsing but this the author does not explore. One also wonders at what the leaders of the Rangers were trying to do and if they thought through their strategy. The impression the book gives is that the Rangers and their leaders lived in a boys own type adventure and had little comprehension of the complexity of the real world.Despite that they are clearly disciplined and brave men. It seems that their leaders were poorly equipped to undertake such a mission and the one person who comes out of the story with some positives is President Clinton who realizes when to cut his losses and get out.<br />Despite all this the book is gripping and easy to read.
B00003W8NO|5.0|Pixar is one of the most inovative companys(dealing only with 3-d graphics) teamed up with Disney in 1995 to make the movie Toy Story, one of the best children movies ever. This movie is going to be an instant classic, this is an adventure, its romantic, has drama,and is very supenceful. And the great thing about it is that it versitile, it a childs movie that an adult would want to watch too. Get this movie and watch it...alot.
B0000560RV|5.0|I am not sure why, but 2 minutes into this extraordinary CD I imagined myself standing inside a safe corner.  In a volcano! Must be something in the geysers in Iceland but this CD stands as one of the most important of 2000 - impossible to classify - impossible to forget.  The music has the same sort of hypnotic effect that the best Spiritualized stuff does with a greater sense of musicality and pushing boundaries. Turn down the lights - settle in to your favourite chair and prepare to be transported. Unforgettable.........
B00003CXE7|2.0|Now don't get me wrong, the fight sceens were great. But thats all the movie was. There was know sturcture to  the story the movie was trying to tell. You would have had to major in Roman history to tell where it was going. I know this was not suppose to be a girly movie, but it could of had some drama to it. Plus their was no substance to it. It was just laid out on the table for the taking. But if you like to see worthless people getting murderd in a ring of tigers, this movie is for you.
B000000OQ5|4.0|Tesla are just one of those bands that just ARE real rock &amp; roll. Something about them is just meaty, and the band just exudes quality. Much has been written about this universally-acclaimed debut, and you don't need me to tell you that this is up there with Van Halen's first one in terms of significance to the rock world.<br />But I'm going to anyway.<br />Jeff Keith is a gritty and impassioned vocalist, while guitarists Tommy and Frank and technically excellent and tasty musicians whose duelling lead lines never fail throughout this work. They are ably backed by the more than tight rhythm section, in all making one of the most exciting musical units of the '80s and early- to mid-nineties. Remember that &quot;quiet first part of a verse that explodes in the second half of the verse sound&quot; that was all over some of the louder hard rock bands in the '80s? Here it is, fully showcased for the first time ever on this album, fully showcased on tracks like &quot;EZ Come EZ Go&quot; and &quot;Modern day Cowboy&quot;, which are, incidentally, two of the standout tracks on this album.<br />The sound will appeal to the more aggressive hair metal fans as well as hard rock and heavy metal fans. The riffs are simple chord progressions, delivered with firey power and serious attitude. The guitar solos are kickin', as you would expect, and in most cases the songs are good enough to showcase the band's potential, including &quot;2 Late 4 Love&quot;, &quot;Rock Me to the Top&quot;, and the anthemic &quot;Love Me.&quot;<br />It's rare that a band sounds this good on their debut release, and listeners in 1986 must have been killing themselves with anticipation over what this band could develop into.
0345349571|5.0|Our all time favorite history book, a well-written history of western  civilization between 1300 and 1450. Tuchman writes in a way that makes this an enjoyable read.<br />She doesn't paint a pretty picture, for mankind  was dealing with the expectations of chivalry, the rise and development  of Christianity, the Plague, numerous battles (the 100 Years War, the  Inquisition, the Crusades), not to mention the difficulties of ordinary  life. One reviewer complained that the book had too much about battles  in it -- unfortunately, the struggle for power and land-ownership was what  mattered most in this time period. It was not a generally peaceful time  to be alive. This book is considered a classic now.<br />If you are interested in this time period, and haven't read this book, it's a great place to begin!
B00000DGUM|4.0|I admit it; I listen to a lot of girly bands... Bon Jovi, Def Leppard, and things of that sort of nature... Great stuff, but, some might say, hardly the music of men. So from time to time it is necessary to make purchases like this to affirm my masculinity...<br />This CD is much attacked because of poor song selection, and the critics have a point -- a number of the band's best tracks are conspicuous by their absence. Having said that, this CD does clock in at 66:23, not too far off a CD's capacity, and there aren't many songs here I would drop. Certainly for those who just want something &quot;for the car&quot;, or those who have a passing interest in the band but not enough to by the band's three studio albums, this is a good overview, featuring such monster slabs of metal as &quot;Monkey Business&quot; and &quot;The Threat.&quot; This album deserves a high score because of the unquestionable quality of so much of this band's output. Hardcore fans will also want to pick this up for the remixes (admittedly not great) and unreleased demos that grace this commercial offering, along with a live version of &quot;Beat Yourself Blind&quot;. This again is none to great -- a OK performance sandwiches Bach's angry tirade at the crowd, laced with bad language, trying to get them to join in.<br />Still, Skid Row were heavier than their big-haired rivals, and had a load more rock &amp; roll attitude, which lent them far more credibility. This, along with the contageous melodies the band definitely had a knack for writing, sent the band frighteningly close to world domination. Kudos, too, to the track selectors for including a lot of material from Subhuman Race, a Bob Rock-produced (read: serious quality) album ignored by many fans. Forever, a demo that didn't make it onto the band's debut, is here and it's a great track, more commercial than most of the band's output.<br />Unless you have all three of the band's existing albums but are not a diehard, you will want to get thisalbum. The band are back together, minus the hugely powerful voice of the inimitable Sebastian Bach, so maybe we'll be hearing from them again soon. Pick up this CD and you'll be hoping that happens.
B00000BKI4|3.0|van dyke parks' 'song cycle' meets the band (hello levon, hello garth) meets overrated.
630438551X|1.0|This adaptation of the play (and it is not the play itself, by any means) gets off to a bad start when the actor speaking the prologue mistakes a comma for a period at the end of the second line, speaking an introductory phrase as though she had finished her sentence. In fact, all of the actors in this show get a bit baffled if their sentence happens to last more than about a line and a half; they seem unable to insert a parenthetical phrase and still make the two surrounding pieces of the sentence sound like parts of the same sentence. But of course, doing words is not what this particular spectacle is about. It's about quick-cut editing for the ADD generation. The rap/rock music gives way at the end to Isolde's Transfiguration - to be recognized by whom in its target audience, I wonder? And what an insult to our own ability to comprehend a dramatic irony, to have Juliet wake up before Romeo dies. The whole thing is cheap and cynical, neither a responsible adaptation of the play itself nor an interesting translation into a purely cinematic idiom, as is Kurosawa's nearly wordless &quot;Macbeth/Throne of Blood&quot;. Whiting and Hussey came in for some criticism as immature actors in the '69 Zeffirelli version - they look like old pros next to these two clods. To be avoided.
080018789X|1.0|We sat through this movie trying in vain to find the story.  Aside from Tom Cruise playing Tom Cruise there was nothing.  Cruise's girlfriend in this flop made the movie, such as it was.
B00003CWTI|4.0|The movie simply tells stories of people that are all semi-connected, ala Pulp Fiction.  The movie itself is good and enjoyable to watch.  You start to become very interested in the people's stories and just want to see more, hoping it won't end, although the movie is long.  The thing is that you might not be too into watching it over again too soon, because it is long and carries a lot of dialogue.  The extras are great though and are worth the purchase alone.  The extra with Tom Cruise's character is just so funny, you will want to show everyone it.  You have never seen Tom this way, it is great, I have watched that extra over and over.  The DVD comes in a nice layout also and altogether is a good buy.
0525945636|4.0|See storyline above.<br />You can hardly go wrong by picking up a Follett book. He generally delivers top rated thrillers. I gave this book 4 stars because he's written a good story. The characters could have been established better, although with the flashbacks, you do get an idea of there personalities. This is definitely not his top of the line work, though it is better than most thriller writers. The author also does his research well. Throwing in tidbits about rocketry physics and mathematics, as well as the space program of 1958.<br />An exciting story well worth the read, but not his best.<br />Recommended.
6305627401|5.0|If your one of the parents who think that the movies, TV, computer games etc is to blame for everything then you should definitely see this movie. Hopefully it will make you realise that you are a bad parent. However, if you like comedy that is vulgar yet intelligent at the same time then you will love this. I think it's brilliant. Clever things like satan becoming a sensitive, loving character (much nicer than Saddam or Kyle's mum) are commonplace throughout the film. It's better on the big screen, but still a must buy on VHS or DVD.
0767805712|5.0|Andrew Niccol does a very special kind of science fiction. He doesn't make stories about machines or technologies, but about how people are affected by these things. &quot;Gattaca&quot; is a very special example of this concept. Genetic engineering is a huge subject in the moment wich we are changing of the century and the millennium. In this movie we see what could happen to us if this technology is used in a stupid way. How many kids would not even be born, how many dreams could never happen? What it tries to show is that even the most handicapped person can do special physical and mental feats. And that is what Vincent, the central character, does. Being a natural born human (made naturally, with no genetic corrections in his DNA) technically, he can't compete with his enhanced contenders. So he can't get a good job and then he can't fulfill his dearest dream: travel through space. So what he does is cheat. He cheats the whole system and get a job, using genetic samples from an enhanced guy. But when someone is found murdered, Vincent turns out to be the number one suspect. Using this plot, Niccol manages to tell a touching story about friendship, love, ethics, and about how far can someone go for a dream. And how people can ignore genetic determinism and make a difference. In the DVD, there is an optional endind that shows how many important people from humanity's history could not have been born if genetic detreminism happened before. Even though Niccol manipulates the plot too much to prove his points of view, the movie, the acting and the great end, make you think about the subjects raised by this movie for a long time. A good movie to spend a dinner talking about. And. with &quot;Matrix&quot;and &quot;Twelve Monkeys&quot;, one of the best of the decade.
B0000025BL|1.0|....This is, quite simply, one of the most horrid examples of 70's excess.  Incredibly overblown this stuff is woefully dated and, if one can fathom the notion, even more unpleasant to listen to today than it was some 20 years ago.  That this album still sells is further proof that no one will ever go broke underestimating the taste of the American public.  This &quot;music&quot; makes Queen sound tasteful and refined.
630575067X|5.0|I became a Star Wars fan in the summer of 1999. I saw Star Wars Episode I - The Phantom Menace before viewing the original trilogy. At first, I didn't get it. I was brought into this galaxy with no since of what was going on. But later, I rented the other movies and began to really appreciate the saga that is Star Wars. <br />Although I'm sure everyone has seen this movie, I will give the basic plot just in case someone hasn't seen it. The Trade Federation controls the trade routes of many planets; yet they want to gain more power. When the Galactic Senate refuses to give them more control, Darth Sidious makes a deal with the Federation to start an invasion of the peaceful planet of Naboo, in order to force the Senate into giving them power. But it is really part of a plan to give more power to Sidious himself, so he can finally get revenge on the Jedi and begin a new form of government - The Empire, which already exists in the original trilogy. When all this happens, the Jedi Knights get involved to save Naboo. That's all I will say; I don't want to spoil the experience. <br />Many people dislike this movie for not having as much character development as in the original trilogy. I agree to that, but I still don't dislike it. We explore the plot much more in this film, since it is so complex. But the simple &quot;good vs. &quot; plot in the trilogy left so much room to know the characters inside and out. This movie is just different from the others, making it a fresh new way to look at the Star Wars universe. <br />Everybody hates Jar Jar. He irritates me too. But lets really look at it from Lucas's standpoint. He wants his movies to appeal to everyone. I can clearly understand that. Around the time Return of the Jedi rolled around, he probably thought, &quot;Gee, I should put something in here that little kids would like.&quot; So he added the ewoks. I think everyone has a certain pressure put on them to say they &quot;hate&quot; the ewoks and Jar Jar as well. ButI must say that they didn't ruin the movies for me at all. Star Wars has recently become a bigger hit with little kids as a result of these creatures, and I think that is just fine. <br />Everyone wants this movie as well as the others on DVD. I want them too, but don't sweat it. Everybody waits until they can sell the most of their movies on VHS until they release them on DVD. Lucas is doing the same thing. And I am sure that when they come out, it will be best DVDs ever made, with tons of extras and featurettes. <br />Everyone should own Episode I and the original trilogy - the entire saga. Lucas has made it possible for everyone to own his mythological, timeless tales - especially with re-releasing the Star Wars Trilogy again. Don't wait, go out and buy every one of these movies. It won't be regretted. All I can say is that the saga gives me a fantastic world to visit when I want great entertainment! Bring on Episodes II and III!
B00004Z459|5.0|I fisrt heard &quot; One step closer&quot; on the radio and was immeadiatly hooked. I then heard papercut and points of authority and had to buy the album. It is fantastic. I cannot stress this enough . BUY IT. there is stuff here for everyone.
630264366X|5.0|If you don't cry at the end of this movie, have your tear ducts checked!  I've seen over 20 Gregory Peck movies, and this one ranks near the top.  And since it is factual, I highly recommend it to WW2 historians, Christians &amp; Jews, and anyone who teaches morals, especially right vs. wrong. A truly surprising ending!
B00000J6AG|5.0|Very rarely does an album come along that has superb songs for every track.  I first heard Moby on David Letterman and I thought that he had a very interesting sound.  If I only knew how much Moby's CD Play would effect my life.  When I got the CD for Christmas in 1998 I was curious on what the entire CD would sound like.  Then the moment I pushed that play button on my stereo I was hooked for weeks.  Before I knew it I was playing Play every live long day.  Honey, Machete, My Weakness, Why Does My Heart Feel So Bad, Bodyrock, and Porcelain all should be known as classics.  The CD became a soundtrack for my life.  After hearing Play I then bought Moby's other CD, entitled Moby.  I didn't really care for that one.  But I did buy the best of Moby 1993-1998 and loved every bit of it.  I just can't wait untill Moby creates another masterpiece like Play.  It would definetly be on the very top of my anything list.
B00003CXE7|4.0|I have always loved gladiator films, and it has been a really long time since one came along, so when I found out they were making this particular film with Russell Crowe(sigh!) and directed by Ridley Scott who is always interesting and many times just a little bit bloody which is perfect for a gladiator film, I was thrilled to bits.  I had the opportunity to view this film on the big screen and then recently on DVD, and the contrast was informative.<br />The battle scenes on the big screen seemed to me somewhat chaotic, a criticism that sometimes has me rubbing my forehead, because in a way it added a realism to the scenes; I am certain battle is much like that most times.  It did, however, take me out of the movie a little because it made me wonder if Ridley was getting too artsy-fartsy with it or if the guy in charge of editing was drinking way too much coffee.  I loved the ash falling like snow.  It added a sense of immediacy and realism that put me back into ancient Rome.  The computer graphics were breathtaking; clearly there was someone in charge who really cared about how ancient Rome really looked.<br />As for the acting, as much as I love Russell Crowe who always does a good job, and as moved as I was with the knowlege that this was the last we would ever see of the late and talented bad-boy Oliver Reed, the performance that wowed me was Joachim Pheonix, in his almost perfect portrayal of Commodus, whose rule many scholars agree pretty much signaled the beginning of the end of the Roman Empire.  What a wonderful job Joachim did!  A true monster, terrifying and yet somehow sympathetic as well.  In fact, I personally believe he nearly stole the whole show.  Very talented actor.<br />The story-line I found very touching.  It takes a fine hand to make tragedy appealing; to underscore the sadness in such a way that one feels they gained something in the telling of the story, instead of being dragged down by it, is a technique that in this case should be sharedby the creator of the story(I'm sorry, I immediately lent it out to friends and so cannot check who that was), Ridley, and Russell.  Scott and Crowe show in this film what professionalism really is--the play's the thing, didn't Shakespeare once say?--and that is what both men focussed on.  What all of them focussed on, in fact.<br />I've gone on too long.  I think you'll like Gladiator if you liked The Thirteenth Warrior or both Cleopatra movies(Elizabeth Taylor and the more recent one starring Billy Zane as Mark Anthony); also anyone who enjoyed the brilliant mini-series I, Claudius may enjoy this film.  Plus those of you who have read Colleen McCullough's incredible series of roman books, starting with The First Man in Rome to her most recent, Caesar, will most likely enjoy this movie as well.<br />Ciao.
0802136834|4.0|Alison Weir has done a wonderful job to introduce the reader to the six wives of Henry VIII.  Not only did Weir explain the background of each of the wives, but she also gave the reader a glimpse of life in the Royal Court during the Tudor period of England.  It was intriguing to read about the alliances and arrange marriages as well as the required dowries.  Not only were the alliances important, but each wife was required to give Henry VIII a male heir.  When a wife failed to do so, she was casted away.  I found it amazing how easy it was for a King to convict someone of high treason and the fate of that conviction, as Anne Boleyn and Katherine Howard found out.  Weir also shows just how young and foolish these girls were when they married the King to become the Queen of England.  The moral of the story is not to marry Henry VIII unless you want to gamble with either having an annulement or being beheaded.
B00000JGHM|5.0|It really is a great movie. The bank robbery thing is the best. Also impressive De Niro's work (very unusual, very serious, no usual face expressions that you can see in all his other movies). I consider this movie his best work.
B00004WKII|5.0|It took me a while to pick this one up because I figured it was just a box set of the regular ole' studio albums that has been released many times before. Then I realize there is not a track on here that has been officially released. Now I'm mad that it took me so long to pick it up. Do yourself a favor and get this .. now
6304935870|4.0|&quot;Tora! Tora! Tora!&quot; is the story of the attack on Pearl Harbor as told from both the American and Japanese sides in almost a documentary style.  The American segments were directed by Richard Fleischer while Kinji Fukasaku ended up replacing Akira Kurosawa for the Japanese segments.  Both sides of the story are played out not so much by an all-star cast as a collection of some of these best character actors on both side of the Pacific: Martin Balsam, E.G. Marshall, Jason Robards on the one hand, Soh Yamamura, Tatsuya Mihashi and Takahino Tamura on the other.  The counter-point between the two sides of the story is quite effective, with the careful planning, preparation and execution of the attack by the Japanese contrasted with the chain of fatal mistakes made by the Americans.  As a historical primer on the attack the film covers all of the excruciatingly painful details, from the radar operators dismissing the large incoming blip on their screens to General Marshall out riding his horse at the absolutely worst time, from a stubborn insistence upon &quot;confirmation&quot; of submarine sightings to the fumbling typist in the Japanese embassy trying frantically to complete his final message that must be delivered before the attack begins.  E. G. Marshall as Colonel Rufus G. Bratton gets the Cassandra role in this film, the intelligence officer convinced there is going to be an attack but who cannot get anyone to listen to him until it is too late.  However, the film is so balanced in its presentation that you cannot help but feel for Ambassador Nomura, who misses the deadline and must still deliver the fatal letter to Secretary of State Cordell Hull.  &quot;Tora! Tora! Tora!&quot; certainly achieved its goal of being a film that could be played in both countries without complaints from either side.  I find it hard to believe that the upcoming theatrical release of &quot;Pearl Harbor&quot; would even come close to this standard.<br />  This is the first film to focus primarily on the Pearl Harbor attack, with previous efforts using the battle as the start (&quot;In Harm's Way&quot;) or the end (&quot;From Here to Eternity&quot;) of a more personal journey.  &quot;Tora! Tora! Tora!&quot; somewhat disproves the old adage, because not only does it show the &quot;many fathers of success&quot; on the Japanese side, it quite clearly refutes the idea &quot;failure is an orphan&quot; by laying the blame clearly on their American military counterparts.  This is by no means a controversial telling of the tale, so you will not find anything suggesting FDR knew about the attack and allowed it to make Americans angry enough to go to war.  This is a film purporting to show &quot;what really happened&quot; and leaves notions of heroism up to the audience.  In keeping with this approach, the importance of this particular moment in history is underscored not by angry Americans shouting &quot;Remember Pearl Harbor!' but by Admiral Yamamoto's understatement: &quot;I fear all we have down is to awaken a sleeping giant and fill him with a terrible resolve.&quot;<br />Final note:  Several stunt people were killed during the filming of &quot;Tora! Tora! Tora!,&quot; and it is difficult to watch some of the stunts involving planes crashing into each other without wondering if what you are seeing is one of the stunts from which someone did not walk away.  This is ironically appropriate given the film's subject matter.m to focus primarily on the Pearl Harbor attack, with previous efforts using the battle as the start (&quot;In Harm's Way&quot;) or the end (&quot;From Here to Eternity&quot;) of a more personal journey.   &quot;Tora! Tora! Tora!&quot; somewhat disproves the old adage, because not only does it show the &quot;many fathers of success&quot; on the Japanese side, it quite clearly refutes the idea &quot;failure is an orphan&quot; by laying the blame clearly on their American military counterparts.  This is by no means a controversial telling of the tale, so you will not find anything suggesting FDR knew about the attack and allowed it to make Americans angry enough to go to war.  This is a film purporting to show &quot;what really happened&quot; and leaves notions of heroism up to the audience.  In keeping with this approach, the importance of this particular moment in history is underscored not by angry Americans shouting &quot;Remember Pearl Harbor!' but by Admiral Yamamoto's understatement: &quot;I fear all we have down is to awaken a sleeping giant and fill him with a terrible resolve.&quot;    <br />Final note:  Several stunt people were killed during the filming of &quot;Tora! Tora! Tora!,&quot; and it is difficult to watch some of the stunts involving planes crashing into each other without wondering if what you are seeing is one of the stunts from which someone did not walk away.  This is ironically appropriate given the film's subject matter.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Even tho there is nothing new here for the die-hards who own the entire Beatle catalog, but this is a good album to start out with if your a newbie who wants to start dabbing into the Beatle scene. Also would make a great gift. But personally, the songs on this album are my least favorites. The best work of the Beatles are the songs that didn't make it to number 1. Hell, some may not of even hit the charts. But thats what keeps them fresh. They are not played constantly on the radio.
0800103661|5.0|It's a science fiction/drama movie that takes place in a surreal American future. This movie's main theme is &quot;you can reach your goals even in circumstances where other's have already written you off because they think you don't have the potential for greatness.&quot; to some extent.
0800141660|5.0|Jane Austen's Sense and Sensibility is a wonderful book that transcends the ages.  It's a wonderful story and well acted by Emma Thompson, and Kate Winslet.  Not many movie adaptations even come close to the quality of the books they are taken from, but this one does.  None of the quality is lost in this film.  This S&amp;S along with BBC's Pride and Prejudice are the best Austen adaptations ever made.  Any Austen fan will love this film.
B000021YCI|5.0|best disk ever from ZZ Top,if you like this band you have to have this one.
B000005QH3|4.0|From the near-Olympian hindsight of 30 years, what else can this impassioned, elegiac film inspire in us 60s-survivors but sadness?  Not only has the film aged, but so have we all.  All those who can no longer grasp the point of this film - leave them alone.  They'll never get it.  But if you - like me - have lived long enough to see your radicalism shrivel into conformism, to see your youthful ideals replaced with middle-aged complaisance, or to see your teenaged sweetheart inflate into someone else's frowzy wife (just as you yourself grew into someone's frowzy husband), then &quot;Vanishing Point&quot; will seem like a dirge.  It makes you wonder why we all didn't drive our Dodges headlong into a bulldozer.  But, then again, the highway is still there. . . .
B000051VWW|5.0|I have waited a long time to hear her new work. I'm very pleased, I wish she could release more often, but I suppose that is just me being greedy. A true diva, Sade Adu is a beautiful, sensual woman, and her music is truly divine
0385484518|4.0|Tuesday's with Morrie is a touching story about an old man whose traveling dangerously close to death.  He was a professor some years ago and one of his dearly beloved students comes to revisit him and rekindle there lost friendship.  This student was Mitch Albom, and this professor was Morrie Schwartz.  The reason for Mitch's return after many years was a recent article talking of Morrie's enlightenment into death.  As this book progresses it draws the reader in and really let's them see how Morrie views death, life, and the world.  Morrie also has daily euphuisms and these are like flashes of inspiration, which help lighten a path that may be dark.  Tuesday's With Morrie is a great book that can really change a reader's outlook on life, and give them a whole new reason to live.  Enjoy life for as long as you can for in the words of Morrie, &quot;We are not waves, we're part of the ocean.
B00004SCX6|1.0|To start off, i dislike like album, and with a passion. Britney spears has no voice, no talent. She is only surviving on her above average looks. Secondly, has anybody noticed that all of her songs sound the same. They use the same keyboards for almost every track. This angers me. A lot. I can't begin to explain how much this album angers me. So in conclusion, Britney Spears is a teen sensation much like the new kids on the block, and her time will be up soon.
B000006TRV|3.0|Definately one of the most over-rated albums in my humble opinion. I agree with the reviewer below, in that it's of a similar type to 'The lamb lies down on Broadway'..in that mould. There are some good tracks, 4 great ones including 'Comfortably numb' and 'Hey you', of course. But I found it boring...there are too many 'filler' tracks on here that might have been better left out, and it all seems too experimental? Disjointed springs to mind. Stick to Dark side of the moon, Wish u were here, animals, meddle. I must point out the sound quality on all Pink floyd 'Re-mastered' versions are disappointing to say the least. The sound is produced too 'warm', almost sounding muffled, taking the life out of the originals.
B00003CX9W|3.0|I have an old VHS version of the original Fantasia, and decided to buy the 60th anniversary edition to replace it. The musical segments are wonderful of course, but I have two items to mention. The first thing I noticed is that the Deems Taylor voice is different. As I have read in another review, it turns out that another voice has been dubbed over Deem's voice because not all the original audio could be found for the restoration. Not a very serious concern since you are watching it for the musical parts. The second item, and the one I cannot understand, is why the theatrical trailer has been cut from this disc. After the last frame of &quot;Ave Maria&quot;, the movie cuts back to the DVD main menu. What happened to the trailer with the orchestra members walking off and the scrolling screen credits? I feel this is just as much a part of the movie as all the rest. It is a rather jarring juxtaposition to go so quickly from the music to the menu if you are used to seeing the trailer. I see from the description of the 3-disc anthology (which I haven't seen) that it is included on that disc, so I don't understand why isn't it on this one. Maybe Disney is trying to punish me for not buying the fifty dollar boxed set. Consider this disc a mixed blessing. The music is better than ever, but a disappointing and senseless cut makes the disc less than it could have been.
B000002MY3|5.0|Alnis has now proved herself to be one of the most exiting and contemporary artists in recent years. Whether you love or hate this album it was, and stil is hugely successful ( It was the biggest selling debut album of all time; it managed to shift 35 million copies). For me Alanis is perhaps one of the greatest songwriters of our time and her chilling and sometimes hauntin vocals prove both poignant and intensley moving. &quot; You Oughta know&quot; is an anthem of Alanis' pain. She draws from her own personl experiences and enables the listener to really feel the emotion behind the music. &quot; Forgiven&quot; is without doubt the stand out track from this album. I am sure that this album will continue to be successful and in my mind it will go down in history as one of the all time greats.
B00000DHRZ|1.0|this band used to write songs about REAL emtions NOT crappy songs about some guy with an oddball sense of cool! i remeber when i heard &quot;gone away&quot; i still love that song! this band had alot of emtional songs before they went pop! and yes this band are sell outs just like limp bizkit,korn,green day,tool,etc. this band just like korn used to have good songs with alot of emtion behind them now is all they ever write about is some guy pulling a prank or some guy without a job. this band was once good now they just suck. if you want to experince the REAL offspring get inxay,smash,igination,etc. but not this album or the conpaicre to one album they suck and are just too poppy.
B00003CXBK|2.0|Mononoke Hime is a childs movie (Ages 5-12) plain and simple. It is not a great movie. The story is about plant-like and animal demons terrorising the humans becuase the humans are abusing the earth (Not a really a bad plot). The story also revolves around some preteen kid and girl. To sum it all up, this movie is boring and dull which is why Disney picked it up. I've been watching anime for years and i'm certainly not some fan who just got off from watching DBZ.
B00003CWTI|1.0|I'm sorry, but I must be missing the point to this movie. Everything in it is a major downer. There's not a single bit of comic relief in the whole movie, and there was just no point to it. And could someone please explain what the raining frogs had to do with anything? Maybe I need to see it again because I certainly don't get it.
0767817664|5.0|Ever wonder who's living next door to you? Ever wonder who's eyes are glowing in the dark outside your bedroom's windows at night? Ever seen an evil transform in the very front of you? Then Fright Night's the one for you.<br />The effects are decent even though it was a 1985 production. The sound effects had been remastered to show off your Dolby Surround system. If you're dying for a thriller, this is a must for you!<br />15 years ago, when I watched this horror screened in the cinema, I ended squating on the cinema chair.<br />15 years later, I still ended squating on my sofa while watching the DVD version...I guess old habbits dies hard!
B000001FSR|5.0|...from pharoes                                 . alls i know boy is this sure is here one fine album. i'ms gonna go eat me some spaghetti and drink me six beers boy... then i'ms gonna rope-a-dope! maybes i'll put some tom on all the while.
0061002747|3.0|Murder on the Orient Express may be Agatha Christie's most famous book, and it's said to be the greatest of all of her novels. And that's why I was so disappointed.<br />I've read a number of Agatha Christie's, and I've got to say, this is my least favorite. Now I love Hercule Poirot, and I think the whole idea of it is great, a murder on a train, and nobody able to escape. And while the solution is good, I just wasn't satisfied in the end.<br />The best thing I can say without giving the whole thing away is if you're the kind of person who reads a mystery with high-hopes of figuring it out, stay away from this one.
B0000027D5|5.0|I'm still on the 3lp and have some question about it. I've heard about import,mine is from CBS and Sony printed in germany in 1974.Where is the importation? (I'm living in france)      Is there any difference beetween the 3LP and the CD version?                                  (but the way they are presented)   Knowing that I'm obviously not a seller,   Knowing that I bought it about five years ago for 15 francs(2us dollars),I'd like to have an idea of the real value of my sweet treasue?               FOR EVERYBOBY IF you have a chance to own it (take it and think after) or only hear it, take your time,you will slowly but surely enter in a magnificent world. BIG BIG TRAVEL, FREE TRAVEL  YOU WILL SAIL WHITHOUT ANY BOAT   YOU WILL SURF WITH LESS THAN A 6&quot;2     YOU WILL FLY WITHOUT ANY PLANE                BIG JUMP IN THE AIR!!!
B00004Y6RO|5.0|I remember hearing &quot;Spit It Out&quot; on the hard and the heavy cd (that cd really introduced me to a lot of bands) and being blown away. Later that day I went and got the cd, when I first saw the cover I thought that the masks and jumpsuits were just for the cd. Anyway, after listening to it, it became my second favorite cd of a time. It wasn't for another month, when they started getting extreme press, and that's when I learned that they actually wear the masks and jumpsuits on stage. Of coarse that was very cheesy, but it didn't cloud my judgement on the music. I would recommend it only if you're willing to completly ignore everything around you about the band. Just think that it was released today and you got money to burn.
B00002Z88D|5.0|No cd in metallica is greater than this cd.. This double cd is worth every penny.. I hope they make a new S&amp;M cd with there other classic songs
B00004ZAV3|5.0|All you need is love? A good lawyer was more like it, once harmony faded and the Beatles epoch ended in a clash of warring egos and legal wrangling. It was 30 years ago today (well, Dec. 31) that Paul, then 28, filed the lawsuit that officially unplugged pop's greatest group. All the world mourned, save, perhaps, the wrung-out lads themselves. &quot;They were exhausted,&quot; says Cynthia Lennon, who, for one, doesn't blame Yoko Ono, John's second wife: &quot;She was a catalyst.&quot;<br />Of course the music made during the Beatles' brief reign ( it seems so much longer ) -- was a mere six years from Meet the Beatles! to Let It Be -- lives on. With more than 1 billion singles and albums sold, the Fab Four are still top of the pops. Yes, this new Beatles hits compilation, 1, is high on the charts, with a welcome resurgence by devotees and hip-hop generation alike.<br />And what's not to like? Covering almost every favorite song in re-mastered quality, this compendium cooks. Nixing renewed reunion rumors, the surviving mates remain close.<br />Through these 27 memory-making tracks ,the fortunes and misfortunes of the Beatles and their intimates are almost personally encountered on life's long and winding road.
B0000508U6|5.0|Well, actually the music is similar to Radiohead. I'm not just  comparing them because their both from the UK. Music on the album is the kind that can get a person through hard times of loneliness or loss. I love it. Buy it.
0812589041|5.0|Eventhough the story took place in another planet and in another time, the author did a wonderful job in portraying the scenes so we can all relate to.  Ender is a character whom we can all learn from.  If you are someone who like politic and competition, this is a great book for you.  Ender's gave up so much to be best of the best. He learned lot of lessons during the process of becoming the best.  We can also learn alot about competition by reading this book.  How much a person must give up to be the best? is the question which this book can answer.  There are many other lessons we can get from the character, Ender.  The best thing about this book is the ways Ender dealt with problems he faced; it did matter what life threw at him, he would always have a solution.  How he weighted out the consequences of every situation was just amazing.  Well, I don't want to give out too much details about this book because everyone should buy one.  Go get yourself this book for Christmas and you will able dealt with your future problems in a more opstimistic way.  Excellent BOOK.
B00004XOWM|5.0|this cd is awesome. I waited forever for limpbizkit to release a new cd. once they finlayy did I got my mom to drive me to the store to buy it. this cd rocks. fred durst doesn't care what anybody thinks. you can tell because of the number of times he uses the f-word. i would be scared to use the f-word so many times in case my mom heard the cd but not fred. I love limpbizkit because they became popular without selling out and they are the only band on mtv that didn't sell out besides blink-182. they are like nsync except 100 times cooler and tougher and realer. fred durst is the most real person I have ever seen. he really knows how to rap too. I think fred durst and puff daddy are the two greatest rappers ever. this band changed my life because they showed me how to be cool and tough and hardcore. fred durst really knows how to write awesome lyrics. he is a ghetto poet. he writes about life and how hard it can be. he really knows how hard life can be too. I would reccomend this album to anyone who wnats to hear heavy metal mixed with intelligent profound deep lyrics.
B00004XONN|5.0|.... The music on this disc isn't as experimental as people here would like you to believe.  But, Radiohead used fun drum machines, great composition, and most shocking, used guitars on only two or three songs.  This was all for the best.  This music was influenced by electronic dance music (possibly one of the most popular genres out right now) and it showed us how all of that trance and techno is an extension of Rock and Roll (many people may not realize this).  All of the songs on this song just sound neat and consistent (not unlike Phish's masterpiece of an album, Rift).  Fans of mostly guitar rock might see this as boring, like they see all techno as boring, but it isn't.  It is the most fun, interesting, and cool sounding Radiohead CD out there.  This one I will have lying around for years.
0140288503|5.0|I only had a superficial knowledge of U.S. involvement until I read this book. To say it was an eye-opening experience is an understatement.  Bowden does an amazing job of showing the horror of modern urban warfare without demonizing the Somalis and showing the American soldiers as the men they truly are.  Heroes.  It is sad to say that good intentions never solve s situation totally, but the gripping accounts that Bowden makes in this book truly caught me. Buy this book, buy it now, and give yourself an afternoon to sit down and read.  You won't be sorry.
B00000G6KG|5.0|top 3 metal albums of all time.#3 believer-extraction from mortality.#2 kreator-pleasure to kill.#1 SLAYER-REIGN IN BLOOD.this album is so brutal,its in a class all by itself.its blistering fast yet you dont get lost in whats going on.angel of death (best song of all time) piece by piece and jesus saves are my faves but the whole album is AWSOME!!!!!buy it, listen to it,get hooked.
B00003CX8I|4.0|X-Men isn't horrible.  It certainly has wonderful special effects and is bringing one of my favorite comics as a kid to life.  However, this movie is a wonerful example of modern B-Rate movies.  Not that being a B-Rate movie is bad.  It's just that if you can figure out the entire plot within 45 minutes of movie i'm dissapointed.  The acting isn't exactly inspired, it follows the comic about as well as your grandmother does, and the great comedic moments are chuckle-worthy at best.  <br />However, it has the three major components of a B-Rate flick.  Great action scenes, a script made up by a group of 12-year olds, and good-looking women running around. (Allright, only Rebecca Romjin and Halle Berry, but i'll deal.) <br />Essentially, do not buy X-Men if you want an involved drama that delves into the souls of each charachter and the things that drive them, etc.  Do buy X-Men if you're looking for a movie you can watch without ever being forced to think about anything more indepth than which X-Man you liked most.
0345349571|5.0|Mrs. Tuchman's book shows the 14th century one of the most pivotal in European history.  Through her narrative she tells the life of Enugerrand the Sire de Coucy one of the pivotal but least studied figures of the era.  In this book readers will see not only the beginings of the nihilistic tones of our own century but the stirrings of the comman man against repression that sparked our own revolution.  She weaves an impressive tapestry of war, peace, double dealing, death, and misery that would do the weavers of Ghent proud.  Of all her books this one is the most far reaching and the best written.  I'd recomend this for anyone who wants to see the big picture of history, from rise of the middle class, to the nihilistic fantasies spurred on by the free companies and the black death. As an added bonus she tells the sinister origin of our Santa Claus
B00004W3MS|5.0|I work in a record store.  I play this album at least once a week, and every single time I play it, someone comes up to me and says, &quot;What IS this?  This is the most beautiful thing I've ever heard!&quot;  And then I say, &quot;Yeah.  I know.&quot;  Unfortunately that's the only way I can describe the album.  Don't try to compare it to anything.  At least, not any bands.  When the piano kicks back in on the third track after the little acoustic guitar bit...wow.  I get chills every time.  Without question the best album of 2000, (Sorry to OutKast, PJ Harvey, Grandaddy, and the Doves).  On their website, Sigur Ros say that they're going to alter the musical landscape forever.  They're right.
B000051VWW|5.0|Sade is back big time with Lovers Rock.  She sounds great throughout this CD.  By Your Side is a wonderful song about all the things that a person should receive in a relationship like encouragement, support, and tenderness.  All About Our Love is another good song about the affrimation of love between 2 people. Lovers Rock is a great song about how the power of music can  become a source of  strength during tough times.  Sade deals with deeper themes on the song Slave Song.  It is a powerful  song about maintaining a sense of optimism that future generations won't have to endure the suffering slaves have gone through.  I love the beat of the drums on this song.  Somebody Already Broke Heart is about a yearning from someone wanting to be treated with kindness and tenderness after a painful breakup.  You will enjoy this CD.
B00004XONN|4.0|it's weird, but it's really good. Check it out.
B00003CXHJ|4.0|I really enjoyed this movie. It wasn't your typical action/war movie.  It was really quite suspenseful actually.  It kept me sitting on the edge of my seat through most of the movie. All the actors did a great job and the cinematic shots were great.  IT's definatly worth seeing.
B000002C1V|1.0|This album has got to be one of the worst Floyd albums out there.  Waters had a stick clear up his a$$ and couldn't get it out.  After great achievements like WYWH and DSoTM The Final Cut is a disappointment and an embarrasment to Pink Floyd.  If you want to but a good Floyd album, buy an earlier album like Meddle.
B00004Z4WR|4.0|Very entertaining.  After seeing this film you almost feel like going out and stealing cars.  IT's just a really cool movie.  There are some stunts in it (especially near the end) that are a little unbelievable but keeping that aside this is a movie that most people will really enjoy.
B00A93ENX8|1.0|Love this Album but the SACD is just a two channel version; whats the point of SACD if its not going be multi-channel.  SONY in their infinite wisdom doesn't allow you to change the listening mode to simulate surround on their crappy SACD player. Just found this to be a total waste. Will never listen to it, I'll just wait to resell at some point
B00004YA66|5.0|This is one of the better movies I saw this past year.  It is a non stop adventure that most people will really enjoy.  Note: When watching this movie do not start questioning everything in the movie. IT's not meant to be scientificly correct.  IF you start saying &quot;yeah right,  a signal is bouncing off the northern lights and is going 30 years into the past&quot;, or &quot;like the northern lights would really be around for 3 or 4 days let alone even be visible in Queens&quot; you won't enjoy the movie. You'll be missing the point.  Just sit back, don't question things,  let the movie entertain you and you will probably find this movie enjoyable.
B000002C1W|5.0|It seems to me that the only reason this album suffers a lower rating on amazon.com than the other pink floyd albums is because of one simple reason.  It lacks the text Roger Waters next to David Gilmore, Richard Wright, and  Nick Mason  on the inside cover.  I think that most people are turned off to this CD and do not give it a fair chance because Roger Waters had no influence in recording this floyd masterpiece.   I think if Roger Waters was around in the recording of this album it would only have made it worse musicaly.  His unsettling musical voice is no comparison to Gilmore's heavenly singing.  Most of Waters later songs are too depressing (THE WALL) and too slow (THE FINAL CUT) and lack the power that the Gilmore songs show on this incredible album.  I do admit though, that Waters could have helped lyricaly but that doesnt necessarily mean that Gilmore's lyrics are lacking on this album. This album is reminiscant of all the great floyd works including The Wall, DSOTM, WYWH, and Animals.  Every song is worth a listen and every song has its good points.  Dave Gilmore shows his guitar genius on many songs that gives this CD and incredible power.  Pop this CD into your player when you just want to hear Pink Floyd rock!
B000051VWW|5.0|This album is smooth, sensuous, and completely mesmerizing.  It makes our socks go up and down ..a joy for weary ears, start to finish.
B00005636I|5.0|This is album has some very melodic moments...however it does not lose its agression with it...I reccomend this to anyone who likes nordic metal
B00003CXA6|5.0|Last night I watched &quot;Gettysburg&quot;, all four hours of it. I had originally planned to see half last night and the other half tonight, but I could not wait. In fact I could not bear to leave even for my usual snacks. This is a great movie and maximum credit goes to all those involved, especially the amateur soldiers with their authentic uniforms, original guns, etc. It faithfully portrays men, how they talk, how they behave, and how they feel, without the sickening sentimentality that seems to infect all the Hollywood offerings, apparently to gain female acceptance.  I had wondered how well the producers could create a film from a time when there were no movie cameras, or other like material, but the job has been done so superbly that from time to time you realize with a start that what you are watching is not an original combat film, but a re- creation.  Comment has been made on the mustaches. I have quite a large collection of daurogertypes of relatives from NY state, Ohio, etc.of that time period, and believe me, they have captured the style of facial adornment of those days.  This film makes &quot;Saving Private Ryan&quot;, and other war movies of like ilk, look pretty weak, as if they were all stamped out of the same formula. &quot;Gettysburg&quot; is a classic. I highly recommend it.
0679879269|3.0|I eagerly read The Golden Compass when I saw all my friends reading The Amber Spyglass. I loved TGC, and eagerly bought The Subtle Knife, excited to find out the contining adventures of Lyra and her friends who were now becoming endeared to me. The Subtle Knife was wonderful, although it ended too quickly and on a huge cliff. Because of this, I was more than eager to get The Amber Spyglass. While it was good, and I was not offended by the things that may be considered anti-religious, it was just not as good as the others. Of course, at the same time, I can see how hard it would be to end such a series. Parts of it I liked, but other parts seemed to jump out of nowhere. <br />For example, all of a sudden, Mrs. Coulter starts acting motherly and kind toward Lyra. This dramtic change in character happens right at the beginning of the book, with very little explaination. One would expect an author such as Pullman to at least give a reason for this change in character. <br />Also, toward the very end of the book, Lyra and Will fall in love. Now, I expected this to happen, and have no objection, but they just all of a sudden...realize it. No foreshadowing, no hints of romantic thoughts before, it just sort of appears.<br />There are other weaknesses to the plot. In my opinion, this is a very hard story to end, and I doubt I could do very much better, but considering I'm not a published author (yet) I feel that Pullman probably could have done better. I would definately suggest reading this. It's a good read, interesting, and if you've read the other two, I'm sure you're dying to know what happens, but please don't expect it to be as wonderful as the others. This one was good, but the others were great. Simple as that.
B00004XPOZ|5.0|Original Star Wars fans should keep in mind that the original trilogy was not available on VHS at the time of the theatrical release of Phantom Menace.  No doubt this movie created a lot of new, young fans who would want to own the originals on tape.  Also, this is a welcome re-release for those of us who's previous copies were unfortunately damaged during a move across the country, like myself.  It is nice to have this opportunity to own these fine movies again and the EP2 teaser is just a fringe benefit.  I don't see the re-release of this set as a ploy of any kind.  Simply, if you already have it, don't buy it.  But for people like me and all those new fans, order it today!
B0000009S3|5.0|Hot Rats is one of the true classic albums. It is completely perfect. Zappa's intersection of pop and jazz here astounding: his compositions are fiercely sophistcated, yet apatizingly listenable.<br />Most of Hot Rat's songs  have shifting harmonies and compositional strutures that were associated with West Coast &quot;Cool&quot; jazz prevlent in the 1950s and early 1960s: all very complicated and subversive. But Zappa makes these ideas rock. Just listen to the way &quot;Peaches n' Ragala&quot; or &quot;Little Umbrellas&quot; shift chords like sidewinding snakes, while their melodies remain avidly hummable.<br />&quot;Willie The Pimp&quot; and &quot;Gumbo Variations&quot; invert this process: both are based on very simple chord changes, but the soloing is incredably rigerous. Before this album, only Hendrix had succeeded in creating solos that were this long, but maintained their logic and foucus throughout. Zappa's status as an unsung guitar hero begins on Hot Rats.<br />There were countless rock bands trying music like this in 1969, but they had neither the technical or conceptual abillity to pull off the polished sophistication Zappa does here. Meanwhile, jazzbos were having some success integrating rock into their music, but without Hot Rats' bite or definition. Don't come here looking for the endless meandering both camps indulged in: every move Zappa makes on Hot Rats is planned and executed seamlessly. He has an undisputable reason behind every note.<br />A word about remixing: there is substantial differance in the 1969 vinyl edition of Hot Rats and the CD mix, issued in 1995. Zappa deliberately mixed out Fender electric panio and added eccho to twangy guitars, both of which sounded definatively 1969. Fans can argue about the merits of this, but remember two things: Zappa always sought the best avalable technology for his music, and never thought his work should be trapped in how the world was when he first recorded it. He was emphatic that NOTHING was ever a finshed product.<br />Musically, Hot Rats sounds as though it were made yesterday, today, or maybe even tomorrow. Cul-Du-Sac, Gaster Del Sol and other ambitous modern bands are playing tiddly-winks when messured against Hot Rats.<br />If you are a music fan in that you listen to music with thinking ears, real reverance, and an invitation to make your soul dance, buy this album. Liten....Listen....Listen.a finshed product.<br />Musically, Hot Rats sounds as though it were made yesterday, today, or maybe even tomorrow. Cul-Du-Sac, Gaster Del Sol and other ambitous modern bands are playing tiddly-winks when messured against Hot Rats.<br />If you are a music fan in that you listen to music with thinking ears, real reverance, and an invitation to make your soul dance, buy this album. Liten....Listen....Listen.
0671027344|5.0|Finally, a book that portrays a real teenager going through real important situations.  I have not been much of a fan of young adult fiction, even though it fits my age level.  I considered these works fickle and formulaic (guy meets girl, guy goes out with girl's friend, big break-up riddled with the phrase &quot;I hate you&quot;).  But this book has restored my faith in young adult literature.  Normally I read contemporary classics such as The Catcher in the Rye or 1984 but this book beats them any day.<br />The story is actually letters that a Charlie, an emotional high school freshman, writes to an unknown character in the early 90's.  Charlie requests that the person he send these to doesn't respond because he just needs to talk to someone.  Charlie is recovering from his best friend's suicide when he enters a new and strange environment: high school.  Here he befriends two seniors who help him through his first year of school in an unorthodox way, dealing through tough issues such as drugs, dating, and one of the friend's homosexuality.  Meanwhile, Charlie's has to deal with problems at home such as his sister's unhealthy relationship with her boyfriend.<br />This book is written in a frank manner and Charlie's naive and sweet voice makes this book a piece of art.  I read this over the course of two days (if I wasn't so busy, I would have read it within one).  The author's descriptions of teenagers are so accurate, I had to keep telling myself that it was only a story so I could calm down.  Charlie's emotions were dead-on.  I am serious when I say that this book is better than almost anything you will read in any english class.  It changed my life and I will never forget it as long as I live.  Read this book and you will understand why I am at a loss of sufficient words to describe it.  It is seriously worthwhile to any age.  Adults, in fact, should read it to see what we teens think, know, and experience.<br />This is a good book, I cannot emphasize that enough.  It is a poignant, moving story that is so true to life you think that it must be based on the author's life for him to know these topics so well.  Definitely a must-read.
B000050XEI|5.0|I have all of Enya's CD's and this is her most refreshing album yet! I am in the midst of final exam studying and have enjoyed her relaxing new sound. Track #2 is wonderful!! This would be a great Christmas present for anyone you know that is experiencing stress in their life. (that would include all of us most likely!!)
6305176299|5.0|Speed is an excellent action film,directed by Jan DeBont.Of course most people already know the plot.(mad bomber wants $3,000,000,bus will explode if it goes under 50 mph,etc.etc.)The action is almost nonstop,and there are hardly any dull spots at all.The performances are very good,too.Keanu Reeves as L.A.cop Jack Traven,Sandra Bullock(who is extremely cute,and I think this is the best movie she's done)as Annie,Dennis Hopper as Howard Payne(the bomber),and Jeff Daniels as Harry,just to name some.The musical score by Mark Mancina moves the film along perfectly.This is Jan DeBont's best film,and the sequal Speed 2:Cruise Control doesn't even compare to this one.Overall,it's a great film,and gives you everything an action film should.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|I thought your &quot; Fab Four Minus One&quot; comment was rude, thoughtless and insensitive.
B00004Z4WR|5.0|THE BEST CAGE MOVIE SINCE CONAIR,LOTS OF ACTION AND GREAT CAR CHASE.
B00000J7JO|5.0|Hellow, my name is Olivia Norman, and the ChiliPeppers are my favorite Band! I own all their albums, and I would have to say that, &quot;Californication,&quot; is their best work yet!   My favorite track on the CD would have to be the title track, &quot;Californication,&quot; The guitar work is ausomm, and the band members seem like they put their hearts and souls in to recording this track. I also like, &quot;Scar tissue,&quot; this track tells a powerful story.  &quot;Road trippin,&quot;, and ,&quot;Around The World,&quot; are great tracks as well.  I love the clasic blend of rock, and rap in ,&quot; around the world,&quot;  The peppers rock, and I think that ,&quot;Californication,&quot; diserved Album of the year on the VH1, &quot;My music awards.&quot; If you don't have this CD, you need to get with the program and pick it up!!
6305696071|2.0|Let me start by saying I don't demand utter reality in my movies. I'm happy to suspend my disbelief in the name of entertainment. The problem is that I think I pulled something having to suspend so MUCH disbelief for so long. If you're a sucker for any kind of romantic movie you will enjoy this movie. Everyone does their best. My issue is that there are so many  superior movies of the &quot;happily ever after&quot; genre that you could go your whole life without seeing &quot;Pretty Woman.&quot; Try something more creative like &quot;The Night We Never Met&quot; or even &quot;You've Got Mail&quot; where character development and plot are given much more work.
B00001ODHF|5.0|Ash (Bruce Campbell) is a housewares salesman at an S-Mart department store before a venture to the house from Evil Dead 1 and 2 sends him through a time tunnel into the Middle Ages. Suddenly, as the &quot;Promised One&quot; of prophesy, he is expected to save the locals from an upsurge in evil. Armed with a chainsaw and a 12-gauge shotgun, Ash sets out to put down an army of skeletons and woo one of the locals (Sheila, played by Embeth Davidz), all the while trying to find a way back home. <br />Army of Darkness is openly campy -- and proud of it -- blending a unique mix of horror, swords-and-sorcery, and the Three Stooges. If you've seen the previews, you know what to expect. They accurately depict the tone and content of the film without giving away all the slapstick and one-liners. While Army of Darkness isn't one gag after another, there's enough humor present to make it funnier and more enjoyable than the recent joke-packed Loaded Weapon One. <br />Bruce Campbell, returning after the two Evil Dead films (the working title of this film was Evil Dead 3, but Universal requested a change to attract a larger audience), is in top form, delivering ridiculous lines with a deadpan seriousness that would make Leslie Nielsen take notice. As the reluctant hero, he's a walking anachronism who shoots up ghouls, turns his Chevy into a tank, and can't remember how to pronounce a series of magic words that pay homage to Robert Wise's The Day the Earth Stood Still. <br />There are some very memorable Three Stooges-type moments, complete with sound effects (pops, zings, and so forth). There's eye-poking, headshaking, and other slapstick standards. What makes these moments especially bizarre -- and effective -- is that most of the time, Larry, Curly, and Mo are represented by ghouls and animated skeletons. <br />Every ounce of fat has been trimmed from this production. It's a comic book brought to life, with no time for characterization, exposition, or subplots. Army of Darknessmoves with breakneck speed, but its direction is straight, so there's little chance of anyone getting lost on the way. No matter what your opinion is of the movie, you're unlikely to be bored. The special effects are of a hit-and-miss variety. The skeleton and creature effects are superb, and look much more expensive to produce than they were, but the matte overlays are cheesy. During a send-up of Gulliver's Travels, the editing of the big and little people into the same frame is executed so poorly that one wonders if it may have intentionally been done like that. <br />Sam Raimi has never done a completely-straight film before, but Army of Darkness outdoes his previous efforts for sheer outrageousness. Those who like this kind of thing -- lots of action and gore, silly dialogue, over-the-top acting, and a self-mocking campiness that permeates all eighty-one minutes -- will love this movie. Anyone who prefers a more &quot;traditional&quot; motion picture will probably do best to stay away. Then again, you never know...
B00003CXA6|5.0|I must say , its about time they put gettysburg on DVD. I have worn out 3 sets of VHS including the special edition. But the DVD version , is definately better than VHS. As a civil war re-enactor I must say they did do a good job on the historical facts. But a lot was left out , I found it odd how they totally forgot to mention Culp's Hill. Which myself and many of my comrades agree was Just as important , or even more important than What the 20th Maine did , on the left flank. <br /> All and all it is a great movie and I recomend this to every History Buff!!!
076783819X|2.0|There's no doubt that the subject matter tackled by Arlington Road is topical. Terrorism at home is a very real danger in this current climate of world uncertainty, and, arguably, a greater danger is posed to U.S. security by radical political groups within this country than by outside forces. By borrowing heavily from the images and events surrounding the Oklahoma City tragedy, Arlington Road postulates that there might be a huge underground conspiracy driving this sort of activity, and, if it isn't stopped, history will repeat itself. As long as there's a patsy to take the fall, there's no motivation to dig deeper. <br />Director Mark Pellington's problem isn't the premise, it's Ehren Kruger's script. Arlington Road is a badly constructed motion picture. The screenplay stretches the viewer's credulity far beyond the breaking point, asking us to accept dozens of absurd contrivances and coincidences. The more you think about it, the less sense Arlington Road makes. Added to that, Pellington (who made his feature debut with 1997's Going All the Way) has chosen to develop his film like a standard psycho-thriller, adhering to all of the connect-the-dots formulas of the genre. We have the unsuspecting hero, the seemingly kind neighbors with a dark secret, and the escalation of evidence that no one but the protagonist believes. Pellington's approach has all the subtlety of a sledgehammer. <br />Yet, despite the plodding, predictable way in which the plot develops, Arlington Road is not without a kernel of originality. The ending, which is by far the most noteworthy aspect of the entire picture, defies expectations and accomplishes the difficult task of surprising the viewer. In a better movie, the film's ultimate twist might have been labeled as &quot;brilliant.&quot; Here, it's merely clever, and not good enough to redeem the 100 minutes of recycled garbage that precedes it. A finale like this deserves a stronger story. <br />Arlington Road introduces us to Professor Michael Faraday (Jeff Bridges), who, along with his young son, Grant (Spencer Treat Clark), and his girlfriend, Brooke (Hope Davis), lives a quiet life in suburban Northern Virginia. Although he seems normal and well adjusted, Michael is having trouble coping with the recent death of his wife, an FBI agent who was killed in the line-of-duty during a botched anti-terrorism operation. A part of him still blames the agency and his wife's former partner, Whit Carver (Robert Gossett). <br />Enter the new neighbors: Oliver and Cheryl Lang (Tim Robbins and Joan Cusack), a wholesome couple who espouse family values. They have a son Grant's age, and, after Michael saves the boy's life following a fireworks accident, Oliver and Cheryl are in his debt. Michael begins to see more of them, but he is prone to paranoia, and, when a few facts about his new friends don't check out, he suspects that Oliver is up to no good. A wild leap of intuition leads him to believe that he may have discovered the tip of a terrorism iceberg. <br />In addition to a haphazard script and over-the-top direction, Arlington Road is marred by another significant error: the miscasting of one key role. As Michael Faraday, Jeff Bridges simply does not ring true. In the right role (The Fabulous Baker Boys, Starman, even King Kong), the actor can do a fabulous job, but, for whatever reason, he proves incapable of making Michael believable. This is too obviously a performance, and I was never able to accept the character as real. Bridges overacts every emotionally charged scene, and seems bored the rest of the time (the often-laughable paragraphs of dialogue he is forced to recite don't help). Instead of drawing the audience into the desperation of Michael's situation, Bridges forces us to watch from a calculated distance as he fumbles his way through a part he's clearly not comfortable with. <br />The rest of the cast is fine, although not superlative. Tim Robbins and Joan Cusack are suitably creepy. We know from the beginning that their white bread appearance is just a facade. Consequently, it's not much of a shock when the two begin to exhibit psychotic tendencies. There's not much meat to either role, but Robbins and Cusack get the most out of what they're given. Hope Davis, who opened eyes with luminous performances in The Daytrippers and Next Stop, Wonderland, is criminally underused in the &quot;generic girlfriend&quot; part. <br />It's hard to put my frustration about this film into words. Too often, otherwise promising scripts fall apart because the director and screenwriter can't come up with a compelling way to end a movie. Arlington Road has the opposite problem. With another rewrite or two, and perhaps a casting change, this movie might have been a top-notch thriller. As it is, however, its numerous weaknesses drag it down to the level of just another &quot;psycho murderer on the loose&quot; story. Given a chance, take a detour around Arlington Road.
B00003CXE7|5.0|The Story was a little weak at times, but that hasnt stopped me from watching it for the fourth time in a week.  Great movie all in all.
B00000IQUT|5.0|This is a sick, disgusting, movie.(It was great!!)WARNING THIS IS NOT FOR THE FAINT OF HEART.This film may be low budget, but the acting and the plot of the story are both great.The scenes in this movie are very realistic and some parts of this movie seamed so real they didn't appear to be fake at all.If you love scary movies and you like revenge, get this it makes deliverence and carrie look like it was done by disney.But get this movie, you will thank yourself if you are a horror fan.
B000051ZST|5.0|I have probably seen about 150-200 movies and I know what I like and what I don't like. Being a teenager, I love college movies becuase I can't wait to go into college because it sounds like an incredible experience.  And I have seen a lot of movies to say that there are lot better movies than this one. The story is not great, the acting is not Oscar worthy, but is that what you're looking for? If you're looking for some sort of amazing movie that was incredibly well done in &quot;Road Trip&quot;, then all I have to tell you is that you're a complete idiot. This movie full of raunchy fun, nudity, and normal college hijinks. Just see it if you liked &quot;Scary Movie&quot; or &quot;American Pie.&quot;
0812589041|4.0|In Orson Scott Card's book Ender's Game, Card uses science fiction and drama to capture the reader's interest. Although a little bit confusing in the beginning of the book, the plot begins to unravel as the reader progresses into the book. There is much action and suspense, as well as description, that I could not put the book down.        I normally do  not like science fiction; it is a real bore to me. However, I rather enjoyed and was very intrigued by this novel. Although set in outer space, it didn't, matter to me. It sparked my interest even more.        The characters seemed so alive to me. It wasn't like they were living in a &quot;normal&quot; fantasy world, where everyone is happy. They lived in a world with chaos which everyone may be able to relate to.        The plot was very original and Card kept it more and more interesting as the book progressed. I could imagine the scenes in my head.        I would definitely recommend this book to a friend. This is one of the five books in my life that I have read from page one to the end without skipping chapters or pages. I felt that if I skipped even one sentence in the book, I would miss out on something important. Card has written an excellent book and deserves the awards that he has received.
B00000DCH9|5.0|Piano Man is another excellent album of Billy's, and NOT due to the title track. While there are, of course, no throwaway songs on the album, I do feel that Piano Man is highly overrated in that it is NOT a fair representation of the talented Billy Joel's work. He has done far better, even on this album. To the highlights. . .<br />You're My Home is a fabulous love song and an excellent early work.<br />The Ballad of Billy the Kid is a historically innacurate but still excellent song. Great melody and clever parallels between Billy the Kid and a friend of Billy's.<br />If I Only Had The Words (To Tell You) is an absolutely beautiful, emotional masterpiece. Lyrically excellent, melodically excellent, deserving of rememberance.<br />Somewhere Along the Line is an excellent telling of the inevitability of life in general. Like anything Billy Joel does, melodically clever and lyrically well-done.<br />Captain Jack is a seven-minute song detailing how pathetic drug usage is. Excellent anti-drug song through melody and lyrics. This one was hysterically misinterpreted as a pro-drug song by New York's Mayor Gulliani (Mayor, right?)and Hillary Clinton.<br />By all means, purchase Piano Man, but don't do it for that one song. There are better songs on the album; buy it for those.
B00004XONN|5.0|When I had just purchased Kid A, I knew it was going to be amazing. I had heard that it went beyond OK Computer and more, topping it easily. <br />I had no idea what I was in for when I first listened to this album. <br />Not many songs or entire albums can give me chills running along the back of my spine. The music, particularly &quot;Idioteque&quot; and &quot;Everything in its Right Place&quot; are intense and very creative and innovative pieces of music. They are cutting edge electronic furious and melodramatic melodies, with Yorke's brilliantly weak (yet somehow, so strong) vocals cutting through like a knife.<br />There are no weak songs on this album. Everything is a monumental and outstanding piece of cutting edge musical achievement. <br />A lot of people would call Radiohead the new Pink Floyd, but I tend to disagree. They share the same avant garde creativity that Pink Floyd has, and perhaps the morbid and melon collie music that Radiohead produces can be compared with much earlier Floyd, but outside of that, I think Radiohead cannot be compared with any existing band, really. Pink Floyd tends to be more operatic with a subtle edge of humor and wit to them, but Radiohead's music echoes the struggles and technological confusion of living in an information age. <br />Kid A is quickly becoming my favorite album in my possession. I probably listen to it almost every day. I don't think I can ever get tired of it. <br />you can guarantee that this is the greatest music you can possibly chill with.
B00004SCX6|5.0|I absolutly loved your CD,  This was your best cd yet.  i can not wait until your next one.  do you have a fan club ?  what can a brother do to get ti shake your hand?   will you be in another fanatic MTV show?  The OPPps i did it again    video was off da hook.  it was so creative  and diffrent. Defferent is great it show your level of imagination.  You look the bomb.  Anyways from one of your bigest fan. maybe ill see you one day peace take care and all the sucess in your career.
0345428056|5.0|This book makes you feel that you are living Nick and Kelly's adventure.  Andy holds no punchs and tells it as it is.  Anyone who has read any of his books will enjoy this classic spy thriller!
0780625633|5.0|American History X blew my mind. Not once have I viewed a movie that so deftly deals with the intolerant and rampant hate between races in our country.  Tracking the life of a skinhead in California, his murder of racial enemies, imprisonment, and his final ascent from previous hatreds, this movie shows a man who came full circle and trys to help his brother find the right path.<br />As Americans we cannot ignore the injustice that occurs daily in unrequited hate, and gang fueds. This movie is a striking education on what is actually out there, and why things happen. Though this movie is a bit strong for kids under 14 or so, I would say that every child growing up should see this movie in order to get a taste of today's problems.
B00001NFCY|4.0|I have to admit that I was less then impressed by their last album.  Hearing the songs on the radio I felt that they were a knock-off band and I rarely listened.  I too like the &quot;old&quot; grunge groups like STP and PJ.  Creeed has broken out of that old mold though and moved on to another level.  While those groups have gone into a down spiral lately and are themselves turning out some crap, Creed has found a new sound and the musical ability to back it up.
6300214826|4.0|This movie, set in a vietnam jungle, is an adaption of the timeless &quot;Heart of Darkness&quot; by Joseph Conrad. It is by no means a war movie, but more a comment on man's corruptability.<br />For 1979 it is a great movie, and though many of the combat scenes were unrealistic, and a lot of content was dark and indecipherable, Apocalypse Now brought about a lot of newer war movies, and brings about the message that Conrad attempted to convey much earlier.
B00004XOWM|5.0|Personally, I love this CD. Limp Biskit is the best group I've ever heard. This CD has killer tracks such as Rollin'. I recomend that everyone run out and buy it.
B00000IQBL|5.0|This movie deals very directly with the rigors of boot camp and the warfare in vietnam. In my opinion, this movie is the best production of a Vietnam war scene. Though produced in the early eighties, this movie is a very vivid and real seeming movie, and deserves a place in every movie collection!
B00004YZFR|5.0|Incredible ! I've seen two or three times GIMME SHELTER in local theatres's late night screenings years ago ; the copy was very deteriotated and the colors washed out, in short the movie then could only satisfy the die hard fans of the Rolling Stones. Criterion has literally resurrected this documentary that is bound to please music fans and movie lovers altogether.<br />Of course, the Rolling Stones performed in Altamont some of their greatest songs like &quot;Jumpin' Jack Flash&quot;, &quot;Satisfaction&quot; or &quot;Under my thumb&quot; but the musical pleasure you will feel is going to be spoiled by the violent events that took place during the concert. Illegal substances, alcohol, intolerance and an amateurish organisation led to a tragedy.<br />A DVD for your library.
0780631684|2.0|A few weeks ago I rented Final Destination, expecting more than I probably should have...<br />  The plot is about a goofy high school kid going on a trip to paris, who through a mystical vision escapes certain death and saves a few friends. The problem is that death follows him back home.<br />  Devon Sawa is ridiculously undertalented. He has been a shame in other movies such as &quot;Idle Hands&quot; and &quot;SLC Punk&quot;, and his terrible acting did not halt for this movie. The attraction of a star like Sawa is his Eminem-esque looks and acting, and his ablity to look like a baboon when being pursued by a stalking death. With a more talented main actor this movie would score a strong 4.<br />  The plot to this movie is a simple horror, but the way it evolves from an avoided plane crash to an unseen stalker flick is a little too great of a jump to let the story flow. Unneeded gore and violent deaths proved it's horror end, but was overdone.<br />  I think that this is a great movie to rent for a night, perhaps to watch in a dark room with your girl, but not a movie to shell out $15 or more for.
0780625129|3.0|With American History X, I fully expected yet another bombastic Hollywood race epic; but the film works on a somewhat more sophisticated level.  Edward Norton stars as good kid turned homicidal neo-nazi, Derek Vinyard.  Vinyard is sent up after capping some Crips he catches trying to jack his car, but he returns to his old hood three years later on a mission from God.  This odd metamorphosis is effected through his friendship with a mysterious prisoner of color; and by his loathsome skinhead cellmates, who bum him in the shower for being friendly with a black man.  Although the story has holes in it big enough to drive a panzer through the movie held my interest.  Special mention should be made about the excellent acting of all those involved, especially Edward Norton, who somehow makes Vinyard's transformation from psycho killer to penitent believable.  In my opinion, Norton's presence in any movie is enough to raise it a star or two.  Less satisfying were the somewhat lifeless cinematography and the sometimes hammy dialogue.  There were times I was taken back to those propagandistic short subjects they used to make us watch in junior high.  All in all though, a worthwhile way to spend 119 minutes.
0684853523|5.0|I've never read anything by Stephen King until this book.  I browsed it at the store and instantly got hooked.  King lets you see the evolution of his writing from his personal life to his first publihed work to over 30 novels later.  He's able to make you understand him, what he's all about, why he writes, what motivates him, and what's in the future.  Then King takes you on a journey of discovery by being brutally honest about how someone should write and puts it into useable tools that will help any budding writer grasp the concept.  Why?  Because he's pretty damn good at it.  And I must say that I've never considered writing until reading 'On Writing,' but it got me thinking.  It's at least inspired me to relook at how I read and why. As King notes: if someone is serious about writing a lot, they better be reading a lot.  I may not get into writing, but I've found a new love for reading, especially King.
158567057X|5.0|All of the P.G. Wodehouse novels about Bertram (&quot;Bertie&quot;) Wooster and his gentleman's gentleman, Jeeves, are funny.  Some are reasonably complicated in their plots.  But none compare to this classic in the series.<br />From the beginning, Bertie is up against impossible odds.  Sent by his Aunt Dahlia to sneer at a Cow Creamer, Bertie dangerously bumps into Sir Watkyn Bassett, the magistrate who once fined him five guineas for copping a policeman's helmet on Boat Race night, and Roderick Spode, Britain's aspiring fascist dictator.  The only trouble in this encounter is that Bertie is clutching the Cow Creamer on the sidewalk after having tripped on a cat and falling through the front door, and Sir Watkyn recognizes him as a former criminal.  Barely escaping arrest on the spot, Bertie returns home to find that Aunt Dahlia wants him to debark immediately for Totley Towers where Sir Watkyn has just taken the Cow Creamer he has purchased after pulling a ruse on Uncle Tom.  When there, Bertie is to steal the Cow Creamer.  At the same time, he receives urgent telegrams from his old pal, Gussie Fink-Nottle, to come to Totley Towers to save his engagement to Madeleine Bassett.  Bertie feels like he is being sent into the jaws of death.<br />Jeeves immediately fetches up a plot to get Madeleine Bassett, to whom he has been affianced twice, to invite Bertie to her father's home.  Upon arriving, Sir Watkyn and Roderick Spode immediately catch him holding the Cow Creamer.  Sir Watkyn threatens years in jail, until Madeleine comes in to rescue him.  But Sir Watkyn proceeds to assume that everything that goes wrong from then is due to Bertie.  For once, Bertie is the innocent party.  But he takes the rap anyway, because of the code of the Woosters, never let a pal down.<br />Never has anyone had a goofier set of pals.  Gussie Fink-Nottle has developed spiritually so that he has less fear, but his method of achieving this soon puts him in peril.  Stephanie &quot;Stiffy&quot; Byng, Sir Watkyn's niece, has to be the goofiest acquaintance that Bertie has.  She is a one-woman wrecking machine for creating havoc.  Her fiance, another old pal of Bertie's, &quot;Stinker&quot; Pinker, the local curate, is only slightly better.<br />Just when you cannot see any way that Bertie can avoid gaol, Jeeves comes up with one brilliant plan after another.  It's truly awe-inspiring as well as side-splittingly funny.<br />P.G. Wodehouse remarked that he preferred to write as though the subject were musical comedy, and he has certainly captured that mood here at its vibrant best.  You'll be on the edge of your chair and trying to avoid falling on the floor laughing at the same time.<br />After you've followed more twists and turns than existed in the Labyrinth at Crete, consider how far you would go to save a pal . . . or to keep a secret . . . or to protect a loved one.  What should the personal code be?<br />Be generous with your friends and to all humankind.ot; Byng, Sir Watkyn's niece, has to be the goofiest acquaintance that Bertie has.  She is a one-woman wrecking machine for creating havoc.  Her fiance, another old pal of Bertie's, &quot;Stinker&quot; Pinker, the local curate, is only slightly better. <br />Just when you cannot see any way that Bertie can avoid gaol, Jeeves comes up with one brilliant plan after another.  It's truly awe-inspiring as well as side-splittingly funny.  <br />P.G. Wodehouse remarked that he preferred to write as though the subject were musical comedy, and he has certainly captured that mood here at its vibrant best.  You'll be on the edge of your chair and trying to avoid falling on the floor laughing at the same time. <br />After you've followed more twists and turns than existed in the Labyrinth at Crete, consider how far you would go to save a pal . . . or to keep a secret . . . or to protect a loved one.  What should the personal code be?<br />Be generous with your friends and to all humankind.
B000001G53|5.0|I have not succeeded in becoming a Wagnerian.  While gratefully acknowledging the many beautiful passages strewn throughout the operas, I have trouble getting past the deadwood, detritus, and excess baggage of all kinds, some of them gratuitously troubling, that litter the works.  Even Tristan, which many including Thomas Mann have sworn by, I do not &quot;get&quot;.  Yes, the opening prelude is magnificent, but I always feel the sex-fuddled composer is trying to lead me into a debauch, and wonder if listeners wouldn't be better off just masturbating for four hours.<br />But Parsifal is the great exception.  Here the aging composer, wracked by heart spasms and knowing his time was short, ruthlessly discarded all that was not essential.  Even the libretto, though a concentrated poison if examined closely, is at least mercifully compact and taut, and the music is the most inspired that Wagner ever wrote.  This is without question the most deeply musical and bewitching of the operas. If you're troubled by certain elements in the libretto (unfortunately, they are not just latent but present quite explicitly), my advice to English speakers is to treat the text as a mere carrier of words -- singers must have words, after all -- in a foreign language we don't understand.<br />I hadn't heard Parsifal before and was foolish enough to play these discs for the first time late at night, figuring I could get half way through and listen to the rest later.  But this was quite impossible.  When in the wee hours I arrived at the prelude to the third act, I'd forgotten whatever I had known of Free Will. At this point in the opera, Parsifal and Klingsor's spell are locked in a titanic struggle and an impasse is reached unlike anything else in music. Parsifal's leitmotiv struggling against the agitated chromaticism of Klingsor's spell, in music of incredible, crushing power, is like the intermingling of two incompatible fluids, the best and noblest with the vilest -- a true hydrodynamics of the soul.  I kept repeating this prelude, ashen-faced and overwhelmed.  By the way, there's a passage in Cosima's diaries during the period of the composition of Parsifal in which Wagner says, &quot;I did something good today&quot;.  If this is what I hope and think it is, and refers to this prelude, then never did any man have more reason to think highly of himself than dear Richard!<br />I have since heard other versions of Parsifal, but this remains my favorite.  All the singers are excellent. Dunja Vejzovic in particular is outstanding in the difficult role of Kundry, the temptress whose devouring sexuality is Klingsor's weapon against Parsifal.  Some people find fault with Peter Hofmann as Parsifal.  If I understand rightly, he comes from a rock/pop background and underwent special coaching to sing this role.  He does have a rather wide vibrato but this doesn't put me off.  On the contrary, his voice has a distinctive timbre that sets him apart, quite rightly I think, from the other singers.  After all, he's the &quot;pure fool&quot; who alone can break Klingsor's spell. I think he acquits himself very well.<br />This wonderful performance of an incomparable masterpiece is recommended to all, and doubly to non-Wagnerians.  And quadruply to those who've never heard Parsifal before.  You may find yourself, as I do, involuntarily exclaiming at the strangest and most inopportune times the following words:  (Kundry, haltingly but firm) Ich... will nicht!  (Klingsor, loud) Du willst wohl, denn du musst!  These are the only German words I know, and I've taken care to learn them because they could be the epitaph for life itself.
6305841861|5.0|Basically the premise is exactly the same as the first Evil Dead film.  Ash and his girlfriend go up to spend the weekend at a deserted cabin that contains the book of the dead.  Evil Dead 2 is so much more accomplished in terms of special effects and cinematography.  Some of the shots in this film are nothing less than spectacular (when Ash gets hit by the evil force and gets driven through the forest at 100 mph).  The camera work is amazing and Raimi speeds up the film shots at exactly the right moments (when Ash's hand turns against him).  The ending is simply awesome and leads directly into Army of Darkness.  Evil Dead 2 has everything: lots of gore, some classic Ash lines, superb FX, and top notch cinematography.  Every true horror collector should own this film.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I first heard Dido's amazing voice on 'Stan' by Eminem, which was, frankly, the best bit of that whole song. I ordered the cd and it hasnt really left my cd player since it arrived at my door. It is evocative and haunting without being syrupy and sentimental. i like artists like Tori Amos and Jewel and 'No Angel' is an excellent compliment to their talents. It is definitely one of my top ten at the moment. Worth buying.
6305728437|5.0|This is my all time favourite in Disney movies!  I saw the ad about it my first thought was BORING, but taking my little sister to the movies and Mulan being the only movie showing at that time, we went to see it.  I laughed through the entire movie, even more than my then six year old sister, which is actually pretty embarrassing considering it is a cartoon. Though I think this is not one directed just at children, it's directed at the more mature audience as well.  I loved it! It's in my video collection.
0395389496|5.0|&quot;The Polar Express&quot; has been in our house since my older son was a toddler.  It was the Caldecott the year he was born.  Fourteen years later, it is still a seasonal favorite.  Van Allsburg always fascinates with his interpretation of the world through his illustrations.  I still remember the sense of surprise when we first turned the page that showed the North Pole, looking like an industrial city.  The pictures of the children playing on the train, the view from the darkened window of the house as the train stops, the wild landscape seen from the train, these images are all etched in my mind from one year to the next.<br />  Beautiful and engaging as the illustrations are, it is the story that captures our imagination the most.  I think my kids still like this book for the story as much as the pictures, as they like to think that there is still some magic in the world, and they might still hear that bell.
0812589041|3.0|Ender's Game by Orson Scott  Card was a fair book to read.  It is not one of the best books I have read, but it sure is a good book.  The book starts off very excitingly, but gets a little boring pretty soon.   The characters are not well defined and the story starts to drag itself right after thefirst few chapters.   The interesting part was how the kids were chosen to save the world and how the training takes place in outer space.  The kids are chosen to do this job as they tend tolearn faster than adults.  Ender being the main character of the story, is also the youngest and the smallest of all the other kids at the battle school.  It is very exciting when the smallest kid does everything better than the rest of them.  He soon becomes the hero, this is one fact i really liked about the novel.  Ender who was the third child, was not having a very good experience dealing with society as the third child so he did not hesitate going to the battle school.  It had something i really like, that is video games.  The way the battles were designed in the story were very creative of the author.  I liked the way the book was written as it was easy to read book.  The only part that could have been worked upon more is organizing the characters a little better.    The other point i would like to make is that the movie for this book should be good.  I've heard that there is a movie and I would like to watch it as it might give me more understanding of the setting and how the characters look.  Overall I would say its a good book to read, but not the best book for me.  It would make a good book for someone who likes science fiction.
0788816454|5.0|This movie once again lived up to Adam Sandler expectations for me: Laugh until your throat hurts funny. The movie is about a misguided kid named Bobby Boucher who lives in the Louisiana marshes with his strict mother who doesn't let him do anything but be a waterboy. Then one day at a team practice, he tackles a player down to the ground and becomes a linebacker for the team! The movie is excellent and funny as Bobby Boucher practically murders the opposing players, goes to school, hangs out with that chick Vicki, and disobeys his mother all at the same time! I also like the part when Bobby tackles his college professor during class! Seeing Fonzie as a football coach is also quite hilarious, because Henry Winkler goes from the coolest dude around to a coach known to have a nervous breakdown at any moment! Definetly worth watching!
B000003C4K|5.0|The 80's were a great time for Thrash and this release is one of the classic ones released during this time. After Metallica's &quot;Kill 'Em All&quot; this one came out to make the heads bang! This one is an all time classic and it contains simply great tracks. Yes, this album is essential for all the Metal Maniacs out there! Don't miss it!
B00004YRQA|5.0|If you want to save a PS2 game, you need this PS2 memory card -- PS1 memory cards won't work. If you are playing a PS1 game on your PS2, you must also have a PS1 memory card; PS1 games can't be saved to a PS2 memory card.
0140433627|5.0|Most of us are familiar with the popular conception of Frankenstein's monster: a stiff, groaning, verdant creature with bolts, stitches, and Karloff-esque features.  Fewer people are aware of Mary Shelley's original intent.  The literary &quot;monster&quot; is vastly different to the irradicable Hollywood interpretation.  He is lucid, well-spoken, limber, and (at first) ripe with loving and moral intentions.<br />Mary Shelley's &quot;Frankenstein&quot; is a tragedy, first and foremost.  Sophocles would have been proud of young Mary, only in her early 20's when she wrote this tragic tale of carelessness and consequences.  Victor Frankenstein's tragic flaw is his wild thirst for knowledge, which develops into recklessness and disregard for life.  He becomes consumed with exposing the secret of creation, a &quot;forbidden&quot; knowledge (thus the novel's subtitle, &quot;The Modern Prometheus&quot;).  He discovers it and creates a living being, but is disgusted by the outcome and disowns his creation.  Thus his original act of irresponsibility breeds another.  He is ultimately condemned to pay for both.<br />The monster (he is never given a name, a stigma of his rejection by human society) is tragically flawed as well.  Born a naive with a good heart he is nevertheless hideously disfigured and monstrous.  Although he yearns for human companionship, his appearance dooms him to bitter isolation.  The agony of rejection ignites a hatred inside of him and he declares war on humanity.  He focuses his rage on Victor, his accursed creator.  But the monster is painfully lonely and thus willing to leave Victor in peace in exchange for a companion, one created from human scrap, just like him.  I won't divulge any more of the plot; suffice it to say it just keeps getting better.<br />&quot;Frankenstein&quot; is just as contemporary and significant now as it was back in the early 19th century when it was published.  The grandiose themes that it addresses, such as morality in modern science, the meaning of humanity, racism, etc., are still ones that we struggle with today.  But more importantly, this is a fascinating and entertaining novel!  I raced through it like a Newfoundland towards water!  I can't say that I was completely engrossed with every passage - there was an excedingly dull section when Victor retreats to the mountains, but it only lasts for 15 pages or so.  And there is a pervasive (almost overwhelming) feeling of gloom and despair throughout the bulk of the novel, which may tend to irritate some readers.  But these minor faults should not prevent interested parties from reading this novel.  You're reading the review, you're interested, so buy it!  You won't regret it.n science, the meaning of humanity, racism, etc., are still ones that we struggle with today.  But more importantly, this is a fascinating and entertaining novel!  I raced through it like a Newfoundland towards water!  I can't say that I was completely engrossed with every passage - there was an excedingly dull section when Victor retreats to the mountains, but it only lasts for 15 pages or so.  And there is a pervasive (almost overwhelming) feeling of gloom and despair throughout the bulk of the novel, which may tend to irritate some readers.  But these minor faults should not prevent interested parties from reading this novel.  You're reading the review, you're interested, so buy it!  You won't regret it.
B000002H5I|4.0|Being an African living in Europe and having done a lot of travelling through Africa, Europe, North and South America - this is an album that I always seem to hear wherever I have gone -and wherever it is played it is given the same respect.  <br />A great story-teller, Tracy Chapman sings about social-opression over the soothing sounds of an acoustic guitar.  The noteworthy tracks on this album are &quot;Fast Car&quot; and &quot;Baby can I hold You&quot;.  The other tracks are all listen-worthy although the message is perhaps more important than the music.  However she is a great communicator - the listener will be enthralled or appalled by her stories: but will always respect Chapman for the Genuine Artist that she is.
0812589041|3.0|Ender's Game by Orson Scott  Card was a fair book to read.  It is not one of the best books I have read, but it sure is a good book.  The book starts off very excitingly, but gets a little boring pretty soon.   The characters are not well defined and the story starts to drag itself right after thefirst few chapters.   The interesting part was how the kids were chosen to save the world and how the training takes place in outer space.  The kids are chosen to do this job as they tend tolearn faster than adults.  Ender being the main character of the story, is also the youngest and the smallest of all the other kids at the battle school.  It is very exciting when the smallest kid does everything better than the rest of them.  He soon becomes the hero, this is one fact i really liked about the novel.  Ender who was the third child, was not having a very good experience dealing with society as the third child so he did not hesitate going to the battle school.  It had something i really like, that is video games.  The way the battles were designed in the story were very creative of the author.  I liked the way the book was written as it was easy to read book.  The only part that could have been worked upon more is organizing the characters a little better.    The other point i would like to make is that the movie for this book should be good.  I've heard that there is a movie and I would like to watch it as it might give me more understanding of the setting and how the characters look.  Overall I would say its a good book to read, but not the best book for me.  It would make a good book for someone who likes science fiction.
B000002AH7|5.0|As the other reviewers have already observed, this recording is interesting in that it is a departure from traditional &quot;jazz&quot;. On this CD, Miles plays Spanish sounding music (listen to the snippets from Solea and Satea). This work is a collaboration with Gil Evans, so the ensemble is quite large, but Miles' playing sounds fairly spontaneous and the solos are quite long (notably on Solea, where he plays my favourite Miles Davis solo)<br />On this recording, Miles definitely stands out as the main focal point of the album. This is in contrast to many of his other succesful projects (workin'/cookin'/ ... , kind of blue) where the glory is shared. Miles sounds very energetic/passionate/fiery on this recording.<br />Can't say whether *you* will like this or not -- it's really a matter of taste. From the other reviews, it seems that other Miles fans enjoyed this unique recording. The final verdict ? It's your call -- check out the sound-samples and if you like the sound of those, then you will not be disappointed with the CD.
B000009QPE|5.0|Well, there's not much more to say about this album actually. The original release contained 10 Thrash grenades and now there are even two more. So if you are new into Metal or especially Thrash, you HAVE to buy this album. If you are already into Metal and haven't heard it than you should not call yourself a Metal fan! <br />This album is an essential for every Metal Fan in the World - nothing more - nothing less!
B00004ZAV3|5.0|This CD was great to listen to.  There was nothing to really complain about on the CD, although it was just a new edition of The Beatles greatest hits. Goes to show that Beatles songs never grow old.
B000002J09|5.0|I have over 150 CD's and used to be a DJ.  This is the best CD I have in my collection.  This album is described by many as the genesis of Heavy Metal.  Every track is noteworthy.  The Brilliance of the criptic &quot;Stairway to Heaven&quot; (widly regarded as one of the top 10 Rock tracks ever); the rock 'n roll tracks: with the lightening quick Page riffs, wailing voice of Plant and quick firing drumming by Botham on the tracks &quot;Rock and Roll&quot;, &quot;Black Dog&quot;; and the high pitched mandolin on the &quot;Battle of Evermore&quot; will have you spellbound.  <br />Other noteworthy tracks that will forever pay tribute to Zepplin's genius is &quot;When the Levee Breaks&quot; where Zepplin show-off their blues pro-ess.  <br />This is an important historical album as it cleary exhibits the connection of blues to rock 'n roll to hard rock to heavy metal.<br />The lyrics are superb (plenty of social statements and innuendos), the music quality is exceptional, and the genre variation is both diverse: however never does this album lack continuity.<br />Conclusion: A combination of Timelessness and True Class.
0440219078|5.0|I thought that this book was wonderful; it is one of my favorites. I thought that the detail Lois Lowry used was excellent in showing Jonas' thoughts and feelings as he slowly learns the truth about his world and his life. The end leaves you hanging somewhat, yet at the same time feeling fulfilled. It made me feel sadness, happiness, pity, and anger all at once. It also has an ominous undercurrent, making you wonder &quot;What if? What if this will happen?&quot; It's exciting, funny, sad, scary...in other words, it's everything that such a story should be!
B000050FEN|2.0|A formulaic plot that rises above through good dialog, great actors and great direction.<br />Pitt and Freeman have a great on-camera rapport, and how can anyone not like Gwyneth Paltrow, who is on screen just long enough for us to like her, but not long enough to get annoying.<br />Kevin Spacey is great, but given the way he played the killer, I would have liked more character development. We don't learn enough about him, and what we learn is pretty formulaic.<br />David Fincher is a great director, and I believe after seeing Alien3 and Fight Club that \\"Seven\\" would probably be very different if he had had total control over it. The mechanics of the film are great, but there is a hollow place in the center that keeps it from being brilliant. <br />A definite first-tier rental prospect, but unless you are a Fincher fan, don't bother buying it.
B000007OY0|5.0|Freeman and Robbins<br />Do twenty years together<br />And become fast friends
B00000IAU3|4.0|One word: DIFFERENT. Another Word: UNIQUE. Hmm, how about a 3rd word: INCREDIBLE. Dido is great. I just wish she did a few upbeat songs (only 1 is on this album) in addition to her awesome slow songs. Pop this CD in and you will hear a tale of love, emotion, and pain. You will be taken on a trip like no other. Dido's smooth and intriguing voice along with electronica beats make this quite possiblye the most unique cd of the year. Very nice work, just gotta speed it up in some spots.
B000002GVO|5.0|All great bands have a difinitive album - and for the Eagles this is certainly it.  The title track is the kingpin of the album.  However this album also contains a plethera of brilliant variation from the rocky-riffs of &quot;Life in the Fast Lane&quot; and &quot;Victim of Love&quot; to the unforgettable ballads accompanied by Don Henley's soothing voice in &quot;Wasted Time&quot; and &quot;The Last Resort&quot;. Another 'Number One' track worth mentioning is &quot;New Kid in Town&quot; which has more of a country feel to it to add yet another flavour to this eclectic album. <br />All songs are noteworthy on this album  - for a rock collector this is a must.  For all young &quot;Eaglets&quot; this is a good place to start.
B000020617|3.0|Holy foxymophandlemama! Those Foos are at it again. Proving Grohl can do more than just play drums and occasionly sing in one of the greatest rock bands ever (Nirvana), Grohl returns with a mixed bag. Stacked Actors is the best song on the album, a hard-rock-grunge thing that shows Grohl may as well be still working for Cobain. Breakout you've probably heard on the radio. It sounds the same here: Very Good. Learn To Fly, the second best song, is another radio hit. Gimme Stitches is an experiment where it all starts to go wrong. It triesto be some country rock hybrid or something; it's listenable but not memorable. Generator is a cool song with an old-fashioned talk box. Good. Aurora is a very layered ballad. The best slow song. Live-In Skin is OK. Next Year is the theme song to Ed (if that's still on) on NBC and the third radio hit. MTV also played this one a lot. The second best slow song. Headwires tries to be some sort of Smashing Pumpkins like thing. Not good, but not bad. Ain't it the life is some twangy experiment that's not very good either. M.I.A. rebounds as a cresendoing closer that's good. I'd but The Colour and The Shape first, and if you really like that, buy this for the good songs which are really good and outweigh the OK songs. Also, The Enhanced CD part is cool showing the hysterical Learn To Fly video and featuring the elusive lyric sheet.
0790750627|5.0|Cary Grant: Hero.<br />He tries to save his own face<br />And George Washington's
6302256615|5.0|THIS MOVIE IS A CLASSIC.BUY IT NOW.
0679457313|5.0|For someone attempting to understand the limitations of love in the asian sub-continent this is a must read. Instead of giving a superficial account, Ms. Roy delves into the frustration of an emotionally restricted society, where too much is taboo. This is an extremely honest portrayal and a true eye-opener. Ms. Roy is a master storyteller and her metaphorical use of the English language is matched by few. Sheer poetry!
B000002AZ8|4.0|This album is a confusing mess. It is less produced than the rather clean Ten and Vs., though Steve Albini would laugh at it. A nice tie-in with the first single (Spin The Black Circle) is the case is set up like for vinyl, except smaller. The liner notes are a bizarre to put it lightly with articles like How To Live Indefinetly. I have no idea what all that is all about. Nor do I know what Pearl Jam was thinking with the song Hey Foxymophandlemama, Than's Me! (aka Stupid Mop). At almost eight minutes of annoyingly out of tune guitats with some insane kid talking about nothing over and over. Some other voices are thrown in to, such as some Ron Popiel soundalike stating this foxymopwhatever leaves the floor looking new and beautiful. Other experiments have gotten bad things said about them. Bugs, for example is a nice song, with an accordian and Eddie worrying what to do with all these bugs. Last Exit is a great opening track, though the lyrics are kinda weird. Spin The Black Circle, a punk ode to vinyl, with lyrics like &quot;See this needle, see my hand, drop... dropin' down.&quot; The lyrics are twisted, laced with metaphors greater minds than me can figure out for all I care. Not For You is very cool with the guitars building up to a fuzzy climax, going down and coming back. Tremor Christ's guitars stop right before they get annoying switching from oddpunk to a balldy type song and back again. Nothingman is a quiet ballad, that gets better with each listen, as does this album in general. Whipping picks up the pace again, a bold song about pro-life or pro-choice. I'm not good at figuring out lyrics, but I remember hearing something like that. Pry, To is an interlude; no more no less. It's Eddie spelling privacy; I like it tho most people don't. Corduroy is an electric, speedy ballad. Satan's Bed, or as the lyric sheet says, Santa's Bed. It has a punk-hard rock feel that reminds me of the Foo Fighters. Aye Davanita is an extended instrumental with some scat singing(da da da la la, etc.) Immortality should be the closer; a ballad alledgedly about Kurt Cobain. Very nice. All and all, without Hey Foxymophandlmama, That's Me (Stupid Mop), this album would be much better. Bugs, Pry To, and Aye Davainta would not also be missed, but oh well. Eddie and Co. probably just threw it on here to get there lable mad, or lose fans or something. Before Pearl Jam got too experimental and proved experiment almost NEVER work twice. Don't believe me, ask Billy Corgan about the overly-mellow Adore, Billie Joe about Warning!.
B00004WG4G|5.0|Now when I notice<br />Floating refuse on the street<br />I think of Beauty
B00004Z4WR|4.0|THIS MOVIE IS FUN TO WATCH,JUST BECAUSE NC STEALS ALL OF THESE BADD AZZ CARS AND TRUCKS.I LIKE THE FACT THAT NC SAVES HIS UNLUCKY CAR FOR LAST &quot;SHELBY MUSTANG&quot;.NOW THAT'S A CAR TO BUY AND OWN FOR LIFE.ANGELINA JOLIE IS LOOKING GOOD WITH PLATINUM BLONDE HAIR.THIS IS HER BEST MOVIE SHE LOOKS GOOD IN SHE'S HOT.BUY THIS MOVIE IT'S WORTH BUYING TRUST ME ON THAT,YOU WON'T BE DISAPPOINTED.DON'T RENT IT YOU'LL WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THAT JUST OWN IT AND THEN YOU CAN WATCH IT ANYTIME YOU WANT TO.
B00000I0XW|5.0|This is the album that I was wanting several years ago when I discovered Sarah Brightman when she sang Memory in Cats.  At that time I had several record stores look at me like I had invented this person.  I was just ahead of my time and was thrilled to find this quite by surprise.  I love each of the songs and her rendition.
0805047905|5.0|What a fantastic book!  \\"Brown Bear, Brown Bear, what do you see?  I see a red bird looking at me; red bird, red bird, what do you see....\\"  It's the first book that my 3  year old has memorized cover to cover so it looks as though she's actually reading.  Thanks to the colorful illustrations, big bold pages and whimsical creations, any child would be drawn to this book.  The phrasing lends itself to memorization, the first step on the way to actually reading.  A must buy for young children, right up there with the author's other similar book, Polar Bear, Polar Bear.
B00000GJ2B|4.0|LaMotta got fat<br />Coulda been a contender<br />Instead he's a bum
B00002MZ2T|5.0|the songs on this album are deep and meaningful. when you feel down you listen to the words and it instantly puts a smile on your face. i was brought this as a birthday presant and it was the best ever. thankx mom! xx
B00003CWTI|4.0|I made the mistake of listening to the bad reviews in the press (again) and didn't see this in the theater.  When will I learn?<br />This movie is fantastic!  Incredibly complex, yet it all fits together.  Paul Thomas Anderson is a brilliant director (and scriptwriter.)  A lot of people say Tom Cruise was robbed for not getting the Oscar but I think many of the actors and actresses had oscar-worthy performances, most notably Julianne Moore and Melora Walters.  Most ridiculous is the fact that American Beauty won Best Picture over this film.<br />Some people complain that it's *too* complex (or too long).  Yes, it is long.  Have you ever read a book that was so good that you had to pick it up and read it again later just to pick up all the parts that you missed?  This is what you are going to find once you watch this movie.  There are so many scenes and hidden messages that you won't catch until the second or third time around - it almost feels like you're watching two different movies.<br />I really wanted to, but couldn't give it five stars due to a couple problems that kept it from achieving &quot;perfection&quot;.  Without giving away everything, there was a part in the movie where everyone was singing - cheezy and completely out of place in my opinion although some may disagree.  (The frog scene on the other hand was great!)  There was another scene where a cop lost his gun while shots are being fired at him.  He's trying to stay hidden to avoid getting shot, while at the same time he's yelling out loud to himself and shining the flashlight everywhere, thereby giving away his position and possibly getting himself killed.  Doesn't make sense.<br />That said, I'm not trying to discourage you in any way from seeing this film.  On the contrary, you might as well buy it since you'll have to rent it two or three times to grasp everything in it.  And, by the way, if you like this movie you'll probably like Boogie Nights too - that is, if you can deal with the subject matter.atter.
0805053883|5.0|This companion book to Carle's \\"Brown Bear, Brown Bear\\" is another winner.  Rather than focusing on the visual, it focuses on the auditory:  \\"Polar Bear, Polar Bear, what do you hear?  I hear a lion, roaring in my ear; lion, lion, what do you hear...\\"  The illustrations are big and captivating and the phrasing hard to beat for young children learning how to read.  Along with Brown Bear, my 3  year old memorized this book after just a few readings and now reads it aloud to anyone who will listen.  My only very tiny complaint is the choice of words in two cases:  does a peacock really \\"yelp\\" or does a flamingo really \\"flute.\\"  Not sure about that.  In any case, this is a classic.
0800116917|5.0|T.E. Lawrence lived<br />Life enough for twenty men<br />Blue eyes and desert
0192838679|5.0|This stunning novel about the Vicmonte de Valmont and theMarquise de Merteuil's adventure in attempting to lure a pure heartedgirl into bed; is incredibly well written and exhillirating to read.In a story of lies, deceit, and sex; it is impossible to be boredreading this epistocple work of literature.  The plot twists and theending may seem unbelieveable, but still has you convinced.  I howeverwould probably recommend a different version than the Oxford one.
B00000JCOV|3.0|Hmm, this band is cought in a storm of metal fans. They are incredibly popular, and in part, are a lot more heavy the most nu-metal bands. But their mainstream appeal keeps any hardcore metal fan from actually listening to them. A few songs are actually somewhat heavy, somewhat catchy. &quot;Wait and Bleed&quot; has a nice melody too it. But several things plague this outing. Things such as constant rapping and sampling, things that dont really belong in a metal band. Constant cussing gets old after a while as well. Its also plagued by overuse of power chords. Nothing technical about these guys, the guitar players usually wail ont the bar power chords while the &quot;extra percussion section&quot;, pounds with two drum sticks on some hydrolic drums. These guys arent the worst band in the world but they are far from anything mind blowing. Too simple and too rapcore, although many other bands do a lot worse. Iowa was much heavier and actually showed some maturity which was nice. Their first outing just wasnt good...
0790731231|5.0|&quot;You think I'm funny?<br />I'm a clown, amusing you?&quot;<br />Well, yeah Joe.  Of course!
B000001ESP|5.0|if you only buy one rush album--this is the one to buy (or maybe try fly by night, or roll the bones, or 2112, or test for echo, or caress of steel, or ...).  <br />my cassette version stopped working just as CDs were introduced.<br />the mix of sounds is tremendous!
0792842499|5.0|Blondie and Tuco<br />Look for the gold, learn to trust,<br />Run from Angel Eyes
6305165912|5.0|This is quite possibly my favorite film.  I must admit that I'm a little biased since I am a huge fan of the Coen brothers films.  But it is probably the most amusing film I've ever seen.  I've seen it several times now, and it seems to get funnier every time.  With great dialogue and the usual wacky characters, the Joel and Ethan have made another great film.  The interview with the Coens that is included on this disc is also informative but I wish the Coens will do a full audio commentary for one of their films in the future.
6302413931|4.0|The horror!  Horror!<br />Not talking of war's terrors:<br />Brando's bulging gut
0380789019|5.0|Neverwhere was one of those books that really sticks in my mind. I don't think I'll ever forget its characters and images. At heart it's a standard fish-out-of-water-turned-hero story, but Gaiman's dark humor and incredible imagination make it far from formulaic. This is the best novel I've read in a long time.<br />I wasn't a Neil Gaiman fan; I picked up Neverwhere because the jacket copy caught my eye. I've now read everything by Gaiman I can get my hands on, and it's almost all terrific.<br />This book would be great for kids 12 and older. It's intended for adults, but I would have loved it at that age.
6305426651|4.0|Nazis not so funny<br />When up against the clowning,<br />Crazy Benigni
0064407667|5.0|If you like dry wit, wordplay, and dark humor, this is your book.  The basic plot is not terribly original: Orphans forced to live with a mean relative who is only interested in their money.  It's the way this story is told that sets it apart. <br />     Several reviewers claim that there is nothing positive in this book.  Not true.  These children are very smart, and they use their intelligence to overcome (sort of) the obstacles they face.  There is a lot of emphasis here on education and reading.  There is also a lot of emphasis on family.  The children clearly care about each other, and go to great lengths to protect each other.<br />      At one point, the evil guardian does slap one of the children.  And the guardian's nasty friends do make comments about the oldest girl's looks.  Contrary to some comments in other reviews, these incidents are not handled in a graphic way.<br />          If your child is (or you are) hyper-sensitive, or very easily frightened, this may not be the best book for either of you.  If your child is (or you are) intelligent and imaginative, you'll have a great time with this book.
6301773551|4.0|Here comes the hero<br />Wielding a light sabre and<br />Wearing pajamas
0060920386|5.0|One of the best books on business ever written.  Reads like a novel as the authors tell the behind the scenes story of the fight for control of RJR Nabisco.  More than enough intrigue and backstabbing for a superior mystery.  The book untangles the maze of dealings that went into the biggest leveraged buyout of its day.  Amazing greed and even more amazing financial maneurverings.  And easily understandable by readers who are not into stocks, bonds and financing.  Superior book!  After reading the book, see the HBO video which satirizes the greed and dealings to perfection.
B00000JZIK|3.0|Who's Keyzer Soze?<br />He's a spook story... and a<br />Hackneyed plot device
B000003KCU|5.0|&quot;Explorers&quot; continues to be a perpetual favorite film of mine ever since I first saw it the theatre in July 1985!  This story enthralls it audience, albeit mostly with kids, with imagination, adventure, and, as all Joe Dante affecionados know, campy humor and sci-fi homage.  Nowadays, &quot;Explorers&quot; has come to be quite the nostalgia film, especially when seeing Ethan Hawke and the late River Phoenix in their starting roles, each at age 15.  However, it has stood up quite well in terms of its Industrial Light &amp; Magic-produced visuals and Rob (&quot;The Thing&quot;, &quot;Total Recall&quot;) Bottin's intricate creature/make-up effects.  Acclaimed composer Jerry Goldsmith's score is one of his best works ever, written to accentuate a whimsical &amp; ethereal dimension that lies among the vastness of outer space, as well as in a kid's dream.  While on the latter subject, the flying dream sequences really treat the audience to some eye-candy graphics and camerawork, which really jabbed me awake when I first saw them on the big screen...such scenes do cry out for a widescreen DVD version! The only real vexation I've known in this film are the aliens &quot;Wak&quot; and &quot;Neek's&quot; 50's-TV personalities.<br />Highly recommended for family viewing, &quot;Explorers&quot;, along with &quot;Gremlins&quot;, &quot;Innerspace&quot;, &amp; &quot;The Howling&quot;, is one of Dante's best and most memorable works to date!  It's great that Paramount has re-released it for video after being nearly out-of-print for most of the last decade.  Do rent or purchase it for yourselves...
B000025RAU|4.0|Jack sought back end cut<br />But tightfisted Polanski<br />Just gave him a slice
B000002UAR|5.0|I may lose some objectivty by writing this review, so I'm going to admit now that there may be lots of people who have strong arguments to consider &quot;Sgt.Pepper's&quot;, &quot;Abbey Road&quot;, the White Album or even &quot;Rubber Soul&quot; superior albums made by the Beatles. But to me, &quot;Revolver&quot; represents the album that changed my life completely. I had heard the *traditional* Beatles music from the &quot;Red&quot; &amp; &quot;Blue&quot; vinyls that my dad had here at home, and received the &quot;Free As A Bird&quot; and &quot;Real Love&quot; songs with surprise and curiosity, as they were nice and strongly constructed. Then I thought there might be a whole lot of Beatle music I may have been missing, and God knows why I got obssesed with &quot;Revolver&quot;, and finally got it by Christmas when I was sixteen (that was only two years ago!).<br />And I wasn't wrong at all. I didn't find here the traditional Beatles singalong tunes that everybody knows (OK, maybe &quot;Yellow Submarine&quot;, but that's all!), but an unusual experiment of brilliant music, frequently accompanied by excellent lyrics coming from the three most important composers in the history of pop music... <br />The excellent guitar work on the whole album was something I had never heard before, neither in the music of this generation, nor in any music I've heard... So it immediatly blew my mind. When I first heard &quot;She Said She Said&quot;, I thought &quot;that's the Beatles?&quot;... And what about &quot;Tomorrow Never Knows&quot;! That sounds like the weirdest (but at the same time coherent) sound experiment ever made, with surprising results in the vocals and the tape loops that make that song a very rare and acid trip to... nowhere.<br />That's my global impression of the album: it's a trip (with even more taste than the &quot;Magical Mystery Tour&quot;), a conceptual experience (with even more cohesion than the nearly-perfect &quot;Sgt.Pepper&quot;), a production experiment (as it was the root for everything else done since in the pop music) and a call to change your life: you can &quot;turn off your mind, relax and float downstream&quot;, and try to face another reality. with your own mind (&quot;it's all in your mind, you know!&quot;).   So you may get out of the world for some time, and ask not to be awake, like John did in his brilliant &quot;I'm Only Sleeping&quot;; go to a walk and find other &quot;kinds of mind&quot; there, by looking at them without the horrible pressure of time, like Paul sang on &quot;Got To Get You Into My Life&quot;; or even transform your worst nightmares (like knowing what it's like to be dead on &quot;She Said She Said&quot; or surrendering to the void on &quot;Tomorrow Never Knows&quot;) or your strangest dreams (living a life in a &quot;Yellow Submarine&quot;) into something you could share with the world.<br />The Beatles reached here near to perfection. John's reflexive lyrics on &quot;I'm Only Sleeping&quot; are perfectly accompanied by George's excellent backwards guitar solo; he amazed us with the incredible musical and lyrical construction of &quot;Tomorrow Never Knows&quot; and the greatest guitar work ever made by The Beatles, evidenced on songs that are underrated by many, like &quot;She Said She Said&quot;, &quot;And Your Bird Can Sing&quot; (now hear THAT solo!) and &quot;Doctor Robert&quot;. His vocals and backing vocals are also stunning. Paul also got involved into this other world the Beatles were discovering on &quot;Got To Get You Into My Life&quot;, but he didn't lose the opportunity of reaching his peak as a pop composer, writing his most beautiful ballad EVER (&quot;Here, There And Everywhere&quot;), a very special, quite sad but lovely social comment, with delightful orchestral arrangements courtesy of sir George Martin (&quot;Eleanor Rigby&quot;), a lovely ode to the love that's not with him anymore (&quot;For No One&quot;, hear the lovely horn solo!) and an up-beat and optimistic song about the happiness of being in love (&quot;Good Day Sunshine&quot;). Ringo gets deep into your subconscious with his spectacular lead vocal on &quot;Yellow Submarine&quot; (probably the most-known track of this album), but he also shines as a drummer, showing us what he's capable of on &quot;She Said She Said&quot; (congratulations, one of his best!) and &quot;Tomorrow Never Knows&quot;.<br />George Harrison gets an apart mention. His contributions to The Beatles records were always underrated, but in this album he comes to the peak of three songs, and the three of them are masterpieces, helping us to value him more as a writer, singer and composer than ever, as his vocals and backing vocals (hear &quot;Good Day Sunshine&quot; or &quot;She Said She Said&quot;) are nearly perfect. And what about his own compositions! &quot;Taxman&quot; (the best song of the album, in my opinion) combines that ironic sense of humor George had with a rock'n'roll-guitar-and-drums structure that you can't get out of your head. Paul's stunning &quot;indian&quot; guitar solo and the tambourine and cowbell percussion only help this song to grow bigger and bigger... &quot;Love You To&quot;, the first absolutely INDIAN Beatle song ever, was an audacious experiment that turned out pretty well thanks to the excellent guitar and percussion work overdubbed later by George, the intriguing lyrics and the serious double-tracked lead vocal; and &quot;I Want To Tell You&quot; is a nice piece of work, with a crackling and out-of-tune piano (Paul?) and the simplest lyrics, just to say &quot;I'll make you maybe next time around&quot;...<br />Other short mention: &quot;Paperback Writer&quot; and &quot;Rain&quot; (my favourite song in the entire Beatles' catalogue) were realased weeks after &quot;Revolver&quot; as a single, but were recorded in the same sessions. They absolutely follow the spirit of the album, as they bring beautiful and spectacular guitar work, lots of drug inspiration and &quot;other kinds of mind&quot;... You can find them at &quot;Past Masters Vol.2&quot; <br />So buy this album and enjoy it. Turn off your mind, relax and... simply enjoy it. It surely will change a part of your life.
6304119046|5.0|Is there anyone<br />Out there who still doesn't know<br />What Rosebud labels?
0812589041|4.0|&quot;Ender's Game&quot; is my first Science-Fiction book. Before I read Ender's Game, I'd always say that I hate Science fiction. I have always thought that Sci-fic books are only going to talk about stars, ships, and all of the other unrealistic things. Thing changed now; however. I love this book. It is an amazing sci-fic book!!<br />I think that this book contains so many interesting images, with all of fighting on the battle ship. While I read,I can almost visualized what is happening in the battleroom. It seems very realistic. Not just that, but I feel that this book contains a strong plot. I think that this book is not only about fighting buggers, but it has a good, and interesting story to it. It is a story of a young kid who must struggle through life, and all of the pressure from  &quot;the game&quot;. It is about an intelligent kid who always have to find a way to fight his own battle. I think that this story has a great meaning.<br />I think that this book could be read by any age. Eventhough that all of the charcters in the book are mostly children, it doesn't mean &quot;children only&quot;. In my view, the book could be read by anyone because it is simply good. I, myself could not believe that I like this sci-fic book. It is true that I like it very much after I read it. I suggest to anyone who is &quot;not a fan of sci-fic&quot; would try this book. It might be the first experience, but it could be a good one.^_^.
6300215512|4.0|Face down in the pool<br />Holden tells story of star<br />Still big (small pictures)
B000002KKS|5.0|If I were marooned on a desert island, this is the disk I would want with me!  This is actually the first Sabbath album I ever owned (having previously heard &quot;Paranoid&quot; at a girlfriend's house) and 20 years on it's still an addiction.  The IMNSHO best singer and guitarist in metal (barring maybe Ritchie Blackmore) and a killer rhythm section, and the best songs to date to come from the band: &quot;Neon Knights&quot;, &quot;Lonely Is The Word&quot;, &quot;Die Young&quot;, &quot;Heaven and Hell&quot; (Dio's crowning lyrical achievement)...no fillers here, all killers!<br />I am definitely in the minority when I say that I think Sabbath's post-Ozzy output is of much higher quality than their admittedly-classic material with the Ozzman.  Don't just be one to say &quot;I like Black Sabbath.  I like War Pigs, Paranoid and Iron Man.  Everything else stinks.&quot; Check out all of it; it's very good, particularly the stuff with Tony Martin.
0767830520|4.0|Cause he can't read lips,<br />Hard of hearing Travis asks:<br />&quot;You talking to me?&quot;
B000050IMG|3.0|Well it was funny but not funny enough. We see Scream, I Know What You Did Last Summer, The Matrix and The Sixth Sense all mixed into one. During the movie there are parts you wouldn't want to see unless you are gay. But even though Scary Movie was funny that in some ways its worth watching and in other ways you wouldn't care to see. Scary Movie 2 shall hit theaters 2001.
0790743132|5.0|Rick and Louis start<br />A beautiful friendship while<br />Ilsa gets on plane
B00003CXDF|5.0|Tom Cruise has hit the box office with his last latest hit M:I-2. With lots of action. He returns as Haunt. He has been on a mission to search the killer. The killer plans to destroy the city but when Haunt around, the killer gets killed as Haunt compeleted his mission and save the girl as he heads on towards his next mission that shall come out 4 years later- M:I-3 Mission Impossible 3.
0783222955|4.0|Peck stands for justice;<br />Robert Duvall is here too<br />But doesn't say Boo
0684874350|5.0|What can be said about this great novel that hasn't been said already?  Angela McCourt, a remarkable woman who lived a life few of us can even begin to imagine, and survived. She should serve as an inspiration to all no matter how dark and bleak the present and future present themselves. <br />What was it that ran through her mind as she sat by the stove, smoking, drinking her tea, and staring at the ashes?<br />Frank McCourt has written the most beautiful eulogy a son could ever write of his mother.
B00000IJPU|2.0|I do not understand how songs like &quot;Man On The Edge&quot; and &quot;Virus&quot; made it here. Those songs are horrible. Blaze Bayley is the worst singer ever. He just got on the record because he arrived a year before. Where are songs like &quot;Flight Of Icarus&quot; and &quot;Children Of The Damned&quot;. Or the song &quot;Iron Maiden&quot;. Buy everything from Iron Maiden to Somewhere In Time, then you will have the best of the beast.
B000000HZT|5.0|This album is a masterpiece. If you like Genesis' &quot;Lamb&quot; and Rutherford's &quot;Smallcreeps day&quot; you'll love it. But Banks' &quot;Soundtracks&quot;, and the less-well known &quot;The Wicked Lady&quot; Soundtrack (Atlantic 1983) and Banks' reincarnation in &quot;Strictly inc.&quot; (Virgin 1995) do come close.  What next? - and under what new psedonymn I wonder !?
6304509154|5.0|The original is usually better.  In this case it is also.  Poltergiest starts out like many movies Steven Spielberg has had a hand in during the late 70's early 80's.  The story is set in small town america.....Brown and grey colors fill the backdrop.  Kids race remote control cars down sunny streets, and inside the families house, toys clutter the bedroom, and a group of beer drinking men huddle around a football game.  Everything seems in order and peaceful.  Until the plot thickens.  The little girl hears voices coming out of the tv.  When she unleashes them, the family will never be the same.  The voices in the tv eventually take the little girl into the tv and into another world.  Great special effects.  Right out of the mind of a genius {Spielberg}
B00004TLMC|5.0|Kubrick's last film is a master work that is as both visually stunning as it is misguided in it's view of the human condition. As a Freudian, I see that man is driven by sexual energy and that monogamy in marriage is not a reality.  Kubrick's main character, portrayed by Tom Cruise, is sent on a sort of sexual odyssey, into the dark world of AIDS, prostitution, and satanic orgies.   The conclusion by Kubrick is that it is dangerous to stray, and that a long term relationship with one person in marriage is best.  But Kubrick ignores the strength of the Id, to drive a man out into the night in search of conquests.  Each new conquest adds to a man's ego, building it up and allowing him to reach that point where the existential crisis of aging and death fade into repressed memory.  I found the movie an interesting statement, but cannot see how it relates to the human condition and the ultimate myth of monogamy.
B0000542DG|1.0|Quick, high-concept synopsis: The grim reaper is out to kill off a half-dozen teens who were supposed to die in a plane crash, but survived by getting kicked off the plane. <br />Writers lurking out there in Amazonland, take heed: if you see only one bad movie this year, make it this one. This has everything for your &quot;things that should not be in my script/novel&quot; list. <br />See, I like teen movies a lot. I loved the first Scream movie... I think Rushmore and Election are the most touching and well-executed films of the last decade. So, I was vaguely holding out hope that the reason this film had done so poorly at the box office was that it was a good film that didn't just shoot for the lowest common denominator, like oh-so-many teen films (Urban Legend, the 'Last Summer' films, Freddie Prinze Jr.'s oeuvre...). <br />This ... thing is full of characters that are lower than one-note, cliches that were tired years ago (the mysterious guy with the deep voice who seems to, for some reason, know everything about death and what happens to the main character... the spooky girl with the weird home life who, for no recognisable reason, falls head-over-heels in love with the male lead).<br />Something that, to me, seems like a given in a good horror film... Scream pulled this off masterfully... is to have deep, funny, warm characters that you can get attached to... so that, when they inevitably get knocked off, you are affected by it. In Final Destination, however, not even the other characters seem to care all that much when someone dies gruesomely. <br />There's another good, clever teen thriller with fully-realised characters out there somewhere... it just ain't here. <br />But, I'll admit, it is worth seeing for the unintentionally hilarious 'bus scene'. I didn't laugh so hard at all of 'There's Something About Mary'.
0812589041|3.0|I liked and disliked this book by Orson Scott Card.  I liked the fact that the characters were so very different in every aspect.   There was a lot of love and hate in this book.  There was a sense of family love to and extent. It was as interesting portrayal of a war against aliens.  The humans were preparing themselves for a war at a very young age, and I found that to be strange to read.<br />I disliked the book because it was quite perdictable, many of the events that occured in this book I found hard to beleive would happen in the every day life of a human.  I guess thats why this is a sci-fi book. I don't personally condone or enjoy reading about war so I was a little bias about all of the war games.<br />Overall the book was pretty good, but not the type of book I usually read, but would reccommend to my little sister who does enjoy a good science-fiction novel. The time I spent reading this book was a valuable one to me because it was my first time actually reading a sci-fi book so I'm glad to have this one be my first.  Due to the popularity of this book I was able to receive additional feedback from one of my co-workers, he enjoyed it so much he read the entire series.
B0000524E5|5.0|When you saw the previews for this movie, you probably did think it was a bunch of pretty woman dancing on a bar. It's NOT. It's a sweet story about a girl trying to seek her dream of being a songwriter. She needs to move to a new place to try to have her songs be heard, and ends up working as a coyote. Also with this tale is lots of fun and enjoyment. At the end, you can't forget when LeAnn Rimes comes in as a country music sensation (herself) and performs Violet's song she recorded. I highly suggest anyone should by this, and don't forget to pick up the soundtrack too!
0679879269|3.0|I started reading the series,&quot;His Dark Materials&quot;, this summer. I was hooked after the first chapter. I read the first book in two days, &quot;The Golden Compass&quot;, and the second book, &quot;The Subte Knife&quot;, also in two days. I was very anxious for the third book to come out, so to take my mind off it I tried to read Anna Karinin, I didn't get too far before &quot;The Amber Spyglass&quot; was out. I didn't put it down until I finished it. I don't recommend reading this book if you are a very religious person, dedicated to God. Also you really need to read the first two before reading this one, or you'll be totally lost!
B00004Y7SF|5.0|Christina Aguilera once again records an awesome record. Her beautiful voice brings joy to the holidays. With catchy beats, nice rythm, great lyrics, and ofcourse, her excellent singing ability makes you want to get up and dance! So what are you waiting for? Go out and get this album and enjoy it in front of the fire this Christmas. You won't regret it!
6305079811|4.0|Instead of trying to make some serious, artistic statement, the makers of this film just said &quot;this is a comic book sci-fi movie, dang it, let's just go for it!&quot;  The production, art and set designers of this movie just had so much imagination and vision--very bold visuals in this film.  Great scenery chewing performances by nearly everyone, and a rocking Queen soundtrack make this movie really stand out from most of the sci-fi Star Wars rip-offs being made at the time.  And, I think I can say without any hyperbole that Ornella Muti is the most alluring woman in the history of film!  <br />I just have to knock my review down one star because of the DVD.  The picture and sound are decent, but it could have used some better extras.  But at this price, I guess you can't complain too much.
0812589041|3.0|I had to read this book in class and most of my classmates enjoyed it. I, however, did not. It was slow and predictable, contained precious few original ideas, the battle room was a good one, but the reading was dry. The book is nothing spactacular, don't bother with this one.<br />-m-
B000002J1H|5.0|Going For The One contains five songs which are pretty different from each other. And every single one of them is a totally amazingly beautiful composition: The temperamental title track, the incredibly beautiful Turn Of The Century, the lively Parallels, the more usual but ever-happy Wonderous Stories, and one of Yes' best super-epics Awaken which brings the tears in your eyes and gives you the chills with its breathtaking beauty.<br />So each of the five songs has its own genuine soul and mood. And the lyrics are outstanding as well. A PERFECT album, simply. Five stars is not enough for this masterpiece Going For The One!
B00003CXDF|1.0|This is a movie that I waited for for months to see, only to suck 2 hours out of my life and 8 bucks out of my wallet. There is no way I am going to buy this movie because it offers absolutely nothing new to the Action/Adventure genre, which recieves much of this multitudinous waste. The plot, if it can be called that, has to do with the Chimera virus and its possible release into the human population, which would kill millions. The characters have about as much depth as a pancake, the action sequences use too much slow-motion, in an overt attempt to cash in on the success of the previous year's &quot;The Matrix.&quot; Tom Cruise returns as Ethan Hunt, in the last film he was into finesse, but now its guns and using the same ninja manuevers over and over again. The final battle also attempts to generate the electricity of &quot;Speed,&quot; whenever you think the villain is dead, he jumps back up to keep fighting. There is another scene with the lead actress just standing on a cliff, as if she will commit suicide. The camera goes to Cruise mindlessly killing Aussie security guards, but the camera comes back to her half a dozen times, for about 30 seconds each time, before the helicopter comes. It made me want to walk out. If you enjoy movies with a bare-bones plot, cardboard characters, and slow action sequences, this is one for you. But this overrated junk will be coming to a bargain bin near you soon, to be replaced on the shelves by others of its kind, movies to be forgotten in a year. I know that there are more people than me who demand more than this from Hollywood, and people aren't going to be amused by the same tricks forever.
B00004XOWM|1.0|What the hell happened?  I loved the second album but this one just is pathetic. The only good song on it is Take a look around but thats because they wrote that one when they still had their significant other touch. I cant stand freds whiney voice its just stupid and annoying. God Dam it Fred you better get some better beats and some better rhymes! <br />Go buy the new Rage cd &quot;Renegades&quot; its far better than this crap.
B00004Z4WQ|3.0|Like most movie parodies, \\"Scary Movie\\" starts out well then begins to head downhill as it exhausts the possibilities of its limited material.  Certainly, few genres are as rife for self-satire as the teen slasher films that have proliferated in theatres ever since the early 1980's.  Seeing, however, as even some of the earliest \\"Friday the 13th\\" and \\"Halloween\\" films seem like ancient history to today's core movie going public, \\"Scary Movie\\" draws upon more contemporary examples of the genre like \\"Scream\\" and \\"I Know What You Did Last Summer\\" as its source of inspiration.  In its opening stretches, \\"Scary Movie\\" has a great deal of fun parodying the many ludicrous conventions that have long defined these films:  the use of 30-year old actors to portray empty-headed, nubile adolescents; the heavy emphasis on teen sexuality and partial nudity; the inane actions of the killer's victims who seem to do everything possible to hurl themselves into dangerous situations; and the oh-so-predictable false scare (usually caused by a leaping cat) followed immediately by the inevitable killer's attack.<br />Directed by Keenan Ivory Wayans and boasting a screenplay concocted by no fewer than six (count `em SIX) writers, \\"Scary Movie\\" establishes a high speed rhythm and pace that the filmmakers manage to sustain through most of the film's 88-minute running time - though there is a noticeable tendency on the part of the film to lag in the last half hour.  Part of the problem could be that, as with most films made up essentially of sound and sight gags haphazardly strung together, it is inevitable that some of the bits will succeed better than others and that, as the movie rolls along, the inspiration will run a little dry and the humor will become less spontaneous and more forced.  Indeed, this type of movie genre parody has always worked best when applied in small doses on TV series like \\"Saturday Night Live,\\" \\"In Living Color\\" and even the \\"Carol Burnett Show.\\"  Stretched out to full length, such concepts often suffer the curse of diminishing returns.<br />Occasionally, the screenplay edges so close to the limits of good taste that one may question whether or not the material is truly appropriate for the age group at which the movie is obviously targeted.  The crudity is actually much more comically effective when it is merely hinted at than when it is so openly spelled out and displayed.  But then subtlety is not exactly a strong suit of the straight horror movie genre either.<br />\\"Scary Movie\\" is, at least, blessed with a winning, game cast made up of appropriately post adolescent actors who understand well the mannerisms and speech patterns of the stereotypes they embody.  The overall good-natured quality of the film and its fairly high laugh ratio of gems to clunkers make \\"Scary Movie\\" an imperfect but generally likeable popcorn entertainment.ull length, such concepts often suffer the curse of diminishing returns. <br />Occasionally, the screenplay edges so close to the limits of good taste that one may question whether or not the material is truly appropriate for the age group at which the movie is obviously targeted.  The crudity is actually much more comically effective when it is merely hinted at than when it is so openly spelled out and displayed.  But then subtlety is not exactly a strong suit of the straight horror movie genre either. <br />\\"Scary Movie\\" is, at least, blessed with a winning, game cast made up of appropriately post adolescent actors who understand well the mannerisms and speech patterns of the stereotypes they embody.  The overall good-natured quality of the film and its fairly high laugh ratio of gems to clunkers make \\"Scary Movie\\" an imperfect but generally likeable popcorn entertainment.
0553274503|5.0|This book is so deep and so wonderful. Don't just listen to me - Flowers For Algernon won both the Hugo and Nebula award and it is taught in U.S Schools. It has been reprinted every year since 1959.<br />    There is profound, multi-dimensional insight through many different aspects of existence. Intelligence, the caring professions, academia, businesses, the arts, and such.<br /> I won't spoil the experience by telling people about Keyes' conceptions and ideas.       This book is very moving. It can be sad and painful. It is always thought-provoking and emotional.        There is great clarity, and the story is told in only 200 odd pages. You may be staying up the night reading it.<br />   Criticisms? There is talk of sideswipes at the scientists here, or attacks on Charlie's attitudes to women. This book makes no simple attacks. Most characters and concepts amply portray positive and negative sides.    The middle-section is quite strung out. That's a fault. But it doesn't really detract from the overall brilliance here.<br />   Read this. I expect you will love it. It is a classic.
B00003CXA6|5.0|Finally, after years of waiting, this film is put on DVD.  The performances are stellar allowing the viewer to understand the personalities of those who fought in this terrible battle.  With a remastered soundtrack by Randy Edelman (if you don't own it, purchase it here) and incredible photography this DVD offers so much that so many others don't.  Incredible special features: &quot;The Making of Gettysburg&quot;, a documentary, and  &quot;The Battle of Gettysburg&quot; make this a very unique DVD.  This is a jaw dropping, riveting and very realistic look at the bloodiest three days in American history, where more men were killed in battle than all of Vietnam.  Look for Ted Turner in a quick cameo during Pickett's charge.  This is a must have for any DVD collector!
B00003CWPR|1.0|I had the great misfortune of going to see this &quot;film&quot; with people who didn't want to leave early.  if i'd gone alone, i would have been out of there almost immediately.  This movie was horrible.  Firstly, it was WAY too long, and the horrendous music only intensified the pain of this very slow movie.  It was agonizing.  I have never heard complete silence in a theatre.  All you could hear was people shifting in their seats as they suffered.  The acting was awful.  The story was stupid.  The &quot;secret society&quot; was ridiculous.  I would only recommend this film as torture. And not the good kind. Do yourself a favor, and don't bother!
B000006ZL4|5.0|Well,as a first comment,I'd like to say that I still can't understand why all the bands that hold the &quot;progressive metal&quot; tag,are always compared to DT.I guess that a band like Symphony X should be taken for itself,and not by the comparisons,some saying that they are better,or some saying that they are worse.I think that Symphony X is just that:Symphony X. Getting into subject,I used to think that &quot;Damnation Game&quot; was their best album.What a mistake.I have'n payed too much attention to this one.But giving it a second(and later a third,and a fourth and a fifth...)listen,I can say that,by far,this is one of the best albums of the decade. It's very common to think that a progresive album should be difficult to listen to.Intricate arrangements,ununderstandable music...music for musicians.That's not the case with this album. It cannot be called a &quot;light&quot; album,since all the arrangements are beautifully complex,and most of the songs are pretty heavy.But it can be easily listened by the average listener. About the lyrics,well,they all are pretty good written,a weak point for most  bands nowadays.Symphony X has a high sense of poetry. Musically wise,the whole album is pretty intricate,full of complex arrangements.But don't worry,it still can be perfectly understood by everyone.This is not the kind of album that will leave you wondering about the sense of the music.No.The guys are pretty explicit with it.It's not overdone,but leaves no doubt about the guys' musical skill. Rusell Allen is one of the best singers around.His voice can switch from the &quot;operatic&quot; style that he uses in the interlude of &quot;The Accolade&quot;(my personal favorite),to the agresiveness that he shows in &quot;Out of The Ashes&quot;.No doubt,the guy can really sing metal,with a style of his own(yeah,he's very influenced by Dio, but is very natural that an influence shows off),and a voice that has no equal. A great album.No more words are needed.
B000002I25|5.0|Beautiful, dark, deep, brilliant. These are all understatements that describe the perfect masterpiece by one of the greatest bands that ever graced the earth, the Doors. This is the best of the Doors, period. The crisp minimalism, Jim Morrison's dark, stunning imagery, Ray manzerek's haunting organ...it's all here. I bought this album when I was just getting into music, and I'm still not tired of it. Buy it, and play it LOUD.
B000007UFO|5.0|New Gold Dream is the quintessential example of Simple Minds' magical combintation of new age synth sounds and guitar-based post punk pop music.  From the dancey, title track, New Gold Dream, to the etherial instrumental, Somebody Up There Likes You, this album towers above the other great new age classics from Great Britain in the early 80s.  I believe this is one of the best albums of all times.
B000002AP1|5.0|The very first time i heard this record, I finally realized what true punk rock was. Raw Power is simply one of the finest creations of rock and roll ever made, remix or no remix. The title fits the music perfectly: it's more raw, explosive, and primitivly emotional than anything else. Iggy is truly a god! Sad that most of the young people today have no idea who The Stooges are; they are missing a glorious piece of history.
0345339703|5.0|Nobody has surpassed Lord of the Rings. Read it and you'll see.<br />Tolkien spent decades creating the backdrop for the story, a tale that literally fills volumes and is also well worth reading (Silmarillion, Unfinished Tales I &amp; II, Lost Tales (all volumes)). SF/fantasy writers today could learn something from this astounding amount of preparation.
B00004Y7SF|3.0|I've heard of a lot of great Christmas albums but this one isn't that great. I can listen to it without hurtin' my ears but other than that, her amazing voice could've gotten better songs. Here is an overview of her songs:<br />Christmas Time: This song is a blend of genres mixed together. It's alright in my opinion, probably one of the best... but the feel of the song is not right. The spirit of Christmas is missing from this song.<br />This Year: The song starts out with kind of cool sounds.. giving it a Christmas feel and all and then it goes into a different feel. I kind of like the chorus but this song is talking about taking someone home and how she doesn't want to be alone. She uses her vocal a little bit too much in this song, doing all these elaborate things with her vocals. No wonder she's always got throat problems. If you want a good holiday song, skip this one.<br />Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas: Her vocals sound beautiful at the beginning; a soft, clear sound and she doesn't overexaggerate like she does so much in her other songs. However, more into the song, she starts using her vocals too much that it sounds kind of strained. However, this is a classic song and she hits it beautifully. I can feel the Christmas spirit in this piece, a slow piece that moves beautifully. If you want to feel Christmas in this album, this is the song.<br />Angels We Have Heard On High: The song starts out with her vocals, then the music comes in. She has a great sound coming in but not at the end. And some parts it's hard to figure out what words she's singing. This song's all right with a strong choir backing her up. It's got a little Christmas flair with a gospel sound but could be improved. Another song that's just OK.<br />Merry Christmas Baby: The song starts out with a nice jazzy piano chord and in comes Christina's voice. Throughout the song, there's a jazzy flow to it and shows Christina's voice pretty well. And it's great when Dr. John comes in. That's the only memorable part about the song. It's beautifully done and sung. So this is a song I'd recommend.<br />O Holy Night: This piece is simple and Christina's vocals are the main focus. However, she overuses it as she does in every single song. There is this weird talkin' part that I can't really understand but she does have a sweet talking voice. When she doesn't do the extra stuff she does to her voice, it's a great song.<br />These are the Special Times: This song really makes me think of all the special times during Christmas. A good song, except when she goes over with her vocals. It's alright, I can do without this one too.<br />This Christmas: This is one of my favorites. It starts out with this awesome band in the background and it's fun and light. I don't even mind the overuse of her vocals in this song. This is another song that I recommend.<br />XTINA's Song: This song takes forever to start before the music starts. It's slow and kind of cool feeling. However, it could be a lot better. It's all right but this CD really could do without it.<br />The Christmas Song (Holiday Remix): This is an upbeat song that still keeps the Christmas mood going with some pretty awesome beats. This is my all-time favorite song out of all the other ones. Again, stressing a very important fact, her voice is overused in this one again. She really needs to stop doing that or else her voice will be gone soon.<br />Hope that helpshe only memorable part about the song. It's beautifully done and sung. So this is a song I'd recommend.<br />O Holy Night: This piece is simple and Christina's vocals are the main focus. However, she overuses it as she does in every single song. There is this weird talkin' part that I can't really understand but she does have a sweet talking voice. When she doesn't do the extra stuff she does to her voice, it's a great song.<br />These are the Special Times: This song really makes me think of all the special times during Christmas. A good song, except when she goes over with her vocals. It's alright, I can do without this one too.<br />This Christmas: This is one of my favorites. It starts out with this awesome band in the background and it's fun and light. I don't even mind the overuse of her vocals in this song. This is another song that I recommend.<br />XTINA's Song: This song takes forever to start before the music starts. It's slow and kind of cool feeling. However, it could be a lot better. It's all right but this CD really could do without it.<br />The Christmas Song (Holiday Remix): This is an upbeat song that still keeps the Christmas mood going with some pretty awesome beats. This is my all-time favorite song out of all the other ones. Again, stressing a very important fact, her voice is overused in this one again. She really needs to stop doing that or else her voice will be gone soon.<br />Hope that helps
B00004U8H4|5.0|Why do you think movies like this rarely cross the 10 million box office mark, while &quot;Big Daddy&quot; and &quot;Wild Wild West&quot; easily cross the 100 million mark... One might answer this question like this... &quot;People are Stupid&quot;.. but that's not the answer, it's because people (unlike critics) go to the movies for Entertainment.. If all the critics that raved about &quot;American Psycho&quot; had used the word Entertaining, it would have made about 60-80 million, and if it had Leonardo De Caprio like the producers wanted, it would be up with &quot;Titanic&quot;. <br />&quot;American Psycho&quot; is highly entertaining the whole way through, hysterically funny most of the way through and Ultra-violent for about 10 seconds, you average freddy 27 and Jason 49 have double the blood, triple the body-count and a &quot;Video Premiere&quot; sticker on there video cover. It really is not very violent at all. (am I just getting sicker, or is the world over-populated by cry-babies) If the film had been released in the time it was set, (the 80's) it would be slapped with a PG 13, released alongside &quot;Commando&quot;, &quot;Running Man&quot; and &quot;Cobra&quot;, it would become a cult favourite with pre-teens, and would be lost among the sea of violent 80's videos at your local Blockbuster.<br />As your probably well aware, this film features &quot;SOCIAL COMMENTARY&quot; and &quot;SATIRE&quot;, these three words are scarier to the general public than &quot;PAULY SHORE&quot; and &quot;CHUCK NORRIS&quot;. The Second Roger Ebert and his peers utter those three words the box office drops 85%. (see Box office takes for &quot;Wag the Dog&quot;, &quot;The End of Violence&quot; and &quot;Happiness&quot; for example)<br />Just like with every other movie on the face of the earth, if you have the slightest interest in it.. See it, don't be swayed by anything you hear, see it and make up your own mind.
B0000524CY|5.0|The Exorcist has scared the living-bajeepers out of my entire family for as long as I have known.  After first seeing it when I was much younger, I remember that I didn't get a good night's rest for atleast two weeks.  When I told my father that I was going to see the re-release of it in the theater on Halloween night, my dad warned me and said, &quot;Don't forget.  People have fainted, thrown up and gone crazy when seeing it on big screen.&quot;<br />And it's true.  When The Exorcist was released in the early 70's, the audience had been scared out of their wits.  So what is it about The Exorcist that not just gives us the chills, but literally tears into our bodies and minds and threatens the well-being of our souls?<br />The Exorcist can be classified as &quot;horror&quot; because of the sentiments we receive when we realize that all medical and scientific reasons have been explored and have failed to explain 12-year old Regan's behavior.  When all rational, logical explanations have failed, the mother Chris (who is an atheist) desperately turns to a Catholic priest for help.  As the plot builds up to this, the audience is forced to question, &quot;Does diabolical possession really exist?&quot;<br />Just the idea of demons from Hell preying upon vulnerable and inviting souls is terrifying.  Not only is it terrifying, but some people might take it as an insult to their lifestyles or intelligence for it asks them to turn to a source they may have denied long ago for personal reasons:  The Church.  Living in the scientific/information age, many of us have ruled out phenomena that are explained by mystical powers.  We outrightly and confidently declare that such things asking us to go beyond our founded knowledge, for example, the blind faith in God, miracles, the existence of spirits and demons, cannot be since our scientific progress has supported time and time again that there are other and MORE FOUNDED possibilities.  Due to our scientific revolution, our skepticism has risen tremendously regarding the once-declared-&quot;mystical&quot; explanations.....because they've been mistaken, and they've probably been wrong all this time.<br />Friedkin once affirmed that the reason why he made the film wasn't to scare people, unless it was to scare them back into their faith.  His main intention was for people to question and return to their faith, to find room for the mystical explanations in this age where science and information reign.<br />This re-release is actually more fitting for today than the old version because the extra minutes added include a longer focus on the psychiatric and medical tests that were performed on Regan, in the end failing to determine what was wrong with her.  The doctors are literally dumbfounded, and it is when they are speechless that they realize they're limited.  It is a humbling experience for both the characters and the audience.<br />Some other visually-shocking scenes are added too - obscenities are enhanced, and the infamous &quot;spider-walk&quot; (they hired a contortionist) is added to satisfy the moviegoers whose motivation is to enjoy the sheer horror.  (The obscenities are meant to shock viewers -- but I was disappointed to hear the younger people behind me fill up with laughter.)  However, for those of us who are curious about the mysterious power behind the priests and their rite of exorcism, in this film is enclosed a deeper and more serious story about good vs. evil.  Viewing this may result in a strengthening of faith.<br />As a theological researcher, I have done extensive research on diabolical possession, and although most exorcists would say that the realism of what happens during an exorcism could never be captured on film, I'd have to say that &quot;The Exorcist&quot; does, in the least, capture a glimpse of it.  It is good to know that it is not jacked-up to fulfill the standards of Hollywood horror, and that the stages of possession all the way to the expelling of the demonwere accurate in description.  (i.e., the inviting of the demon through the Ouija board, signs of infestation such as rapping on the walls and floors, poltergeist-like characteristics such as inanimate objects moving by thmselves, shaking of the bed, levitation of the possessed, the possessed speaking in an inhuman voice, exaggerated contortions of the body, throwing up pints of spit, responding belligerently to the prayers said, cuts suddenly appearing on the body seemingly from the inside out and sometimes spelling out words, the possessed having the ability to speak and understand foreign languages not priorly known, etc., etc.).<br />Overall, a very well done revision of the original film, (writer William Peter Blatty said that he had been waiting for this version to be released for over 25 years) and a fantastic and beautiful story about faith, while exploring serious and important concepts of this age.the demon were accurate in description.  (i.e., the inviting of the demon through the Ouija board, signs of infestation such as rapping on the walls and floors, poltergeist-like characteristics such as inanimate objects moving by thmselves, shaking of the bed, levitation of the possessed, the possessed speaking in an inhuman voice, exaggerated contortions of the body, throwing up pints of spit, responding belligerently to the prayers said, cuts suddenly appearing on the body seemingly from the inside out and sometimes spelling out words, the possessed having the ability to speak and understand foreign languages not priorly known, etc., etc.).  <br />Overall, a very well done revision of the original film, (writer William Peter Blatty said that he had been waiting for this version to be released for over 25 years) and a fantastic and beautiful story about faith, while exploring serious and important concepts of this age.
B000002H6C|4.0|Metallica's speed trash metal ended with Cliff Burton's death.  In this album they changed to a more proffesional style.  At first, I didn't like it;  afterwards it still was kind of different.
B00003W8NM|5.0|This film attacks our capitalist culture, our obsessive materialistic individualistic mindsets, this film mocks our &quot;dreamer-couch-potato&quot; generation.  And it shines while it moons us with its smart remarks and its egotystical masturbation.  This film is a satirical masterpiece.<br />I'll have to admit, I'm biased.  I love Fincher.  Se7en is by far my most-adored film.  Although I can talk forever about Se7en, I can probably talk more than forever about Fight Club, because the various themes incorporated in the film seem endless.<br />To summarize without giving too much away, this film, adopted from Chuck Palahniuk's underground novel, is about the postmodern world, where children are raised by their television sitcoms and commercials.  Where children no longer look to their deadbeat fathers as role-models for God.  Where children abandon unfollowed dreams because their goals were &quot;too hard&quot; and they couldn't cut the slack while they were privileged enough to be in college but too busy pissing their money away and having promiscuous sex.  Where everyone has a of mental disorder of some kind and instead of accepting responsibility for their problems, continuously victimize themselves while receiving &quot;inner-child&quot; embraces from their local support group.  This film mocks and tackles all these issues, and more.<br />It raises questions for our overstimulated lifestyles.  It questions us about our directions, our goals, our passions.  It asks us what we are really made of.  If we have all these dreams to become so great, to impact the world, to make a difference, than why don't we?  Why do we continue to rot in front of our t.v., picking our noses, and denying the most fulfilling activity in the world, self-transcendance?<br />It admonishes us.  It threatens us.  Because living in a society where our immaterial needs are no longer met, where we are overwhelmed with our trivial material decisions and activities, there becomes a void inside of all of us.  All of a sudden, we are faced with the questions like, What is it like to feel pain?  What is it like to feel joy?  What is it like to feel exhilerating?  What is it like to live?<br />From a more sociological perspective, the film's theme of the postmodern brainchild is a direct result of what social prophets, including Max Weber, Emile Durkheim, Aldous Huxley, and the controversial Karl Marx have long predicted.  The film wreaks of Marx philosophy with its show of disgust for what the commodification of life has done to our humanity.  All four social prophets agreed that the deterioration of the immaterial life would lead to the self-destruction of the human race, essentially what this apocalyptic story leads to.<br />With performances by Edward Norton, Brad Pitt, and Helen Bonham Carter, who play the roles they were &quot;born&quot; for, this film will, in the least, with no question, provoke you.<br />The DVD itself:  A very honestly and tastefully done collection.  Included is a supplemental cd including several commentaries, deleted scenes, and &quot;the making of&quot; clips.  Also included is a hilarious compilation of quotes from both opposers and likers of the film.  You seriously can't expect more from the makers - it doesn't get any better than this.nside of all of us.  All of a sudden, we are faced with the questions like, What is it like to feel pain?  What is it like to feel joy?  What is it like to feel exhilerating?  What is it like to live?<br />From a more sociological perspective, the film's theme of the postmodern brainchild is a direct result of what social prophets, including Max Weber, Emile Durkheim, Aldous Huxley, and the controversial Karl Marx have long predicted.  The film wreaks of Marx philosophy with its show of disgust for what the commodification of life has done to our humanity.  All four social prophets agreed that the deterioration of the immaterial life would lead to the self-destruction of the human race, essentially what this apocalyptic story leads to.   <br />With performances by Edward Norton, Brad Pitt, and Helen Bonham Carter, who play the roles they were &quot;born&quot; for, this film will, in the least, with no question, provoke you.  <br />The DVD itself:  A very honestly and tastefully done collection.  Included is a supplemental cd including several commentaries, deleted scenes, and &quot;the making of&quot; clips.  Also included is a hilarious compilation of quotes from both opposers and likers of the film.  You seriously can't expect more from the makers - it doesn't get any better than this.
B000002H97|5.0|This album is a great, great, great masterpiece (not only for Metallica, but for any musician).  Metallica's guitarists are majestic, Lars Ulrich (drummer) is simply amazing, great vocals, and powerful bass (still miss Cliff).  Not as fast and brutal as previous, but it is powerful in musical preparation.
B000001Y2U|5.0|Two years ago there was no way in hell you could have made me listen to this C.D. this artist, or this kind of music.  However, considering myself to be a person that isn't opposed to a different point of view, I worked up the bravery to take give it a chance instead of just saying &quot;Oh, it's Marilyn Manson... I'm gonna be sent to hell for listening to this&quot;.  With songs such as &quot;The Beautiful People&quot;, &quot;Tourniquet&quot;, and &quot;Antichrist Superstar&quot; that have made Marilyn Manson the genuine antichrist superstar that he is, also makes all the mainstream music fans say &quot;wow&quot;.  In recent events, this C.D. along with all of its excellent sounds have been blamed for all the negative events in our recent history.  Nowhere in this C.D. does Manson say &quot;Okay children, now go get a shotgun, sneak it into your school, and take out a few disliked peers&quot;.  All the modern hype of Marilyn Manson is due to his ability to make people use the other halves of their brains, and make them look at things through a different light, and to me, that is a great ability of a music icon.  This C.D. should in no way be discriminated, or insulted due to someone elses stupidity that had been diminstrated in the last few months.        In the musical aspect of the C.D. I can say nothing but &quot;Amazing&quot;.  Manson has created the highlight of his music career with his talent, and his point of view.   If you're a fan of grunge, goth  kind of sounds, this C.D. is a must-have for your record collection.  my personal favorites on this fabulous piece of work are &quot;Angel With The Scabbed Wings&quot;, &quot;The Beautiful People&quot; and &quot;Tourniquet&quot;.  By reaching into your mind and making you see things a different way is one of the many abilities of this C.D.  If you're a new Marilyn Manson fan, and don't already have this album, go buy it today.  It will turn you into a new fan, to a die - hard fan.
B00003BE32|5.0|Great concert, great musicians, and one of the world's greatest symphonies.  A must have for any metal fan (and maybe classical music fan too).
0440219078|5.0|I thought this book was great.  I didn't get it at all the first time I read it.  After a couple times, though, I really understood it.   It really made me grateful for the little things.  In the book, there was no color, no feeling, no emotion.  It's hard to even imagine.<br />I recommend this book to everyone!
B000002H2H|4.0|This album presents the 80's heavy metal (as much as Kill 'em All).  It is a great album featuring songs written by Dave Mustane, currently on Megadeth.  Fast, fast, and.... fast.
B00004T37H|5.0|This is NOT your typical Disney faire.The animation is absolutely breath-taking and the scope of the story is pure imagination.There is a little violence with the beasts of the forest,so this is not a movie for the little ones--but from 8years and up it is a lavish and beautifully illustrated story from a master at Japanese anime&quot;.I heartily recommend this film.
B00004Z4WR|4.0|I first saw &quot;Gone in 60 Seconds&quot; in the theatres its opening weekend back in June. After seeing it I was totally dumbfounded of the entire movie. Then after seeing it on the video store shelves, I decided to give it another shot. Wow, there's something about watching a movie in the privacy of your home. This movie is awesome!<br />  Touchstone pictures did a wonderful job of touching up the DVD menus and adding a sense of danger and intrigue to the DVD. I'm now happy to say that I own a copy of the film. Don't listen to critics, be your own judge. But rent first before you decide to buy. Hurry though, this DVD might be gone in sixty seconds!
0780625129|5.0|I believe every high school civics class should have this film as part of it's curriculim. This powerful, at times gruesomely realistic movie paints racism and hate in a modern and true way. It paints a real picture of the neo-nazis of today as victims of their own ignorance and search for truth. The same things that brings gangbangers to their own groups. And most importantly the basic moral of this story is summed up in 1 quote, &quot;he learned all this crap, and he can unlearn it to&quot;. A must see for any kid attending high school in America today. It shows how far we have come in the fight for not civil rights, but human rights, and how much further we have to go.
B00004STPT|5.0|These two words from the movie &quot;Gladiator&quot; best describe the soundtrack as well.  The slow, soothing tracks, many of which include very good vocals, represent the Honor.  The thundering songs of the action sequences represent the Strength.  If you close your eyes, you can picture yourself in the Colliseum, or on the battlefields of Germania.  One really gets a feel for this epic film, simply by listening to the music.  It is one of those rare soundtracks that you don't need pictures to go along with it to understand what is happening.  This soundtrack is very good for inspiration when you are writing, but be careful when driving and listening, your aggressive tendencies may come out!  This soundtrack is Maximus, and is a must own for any lover of classical scores.
B00004TWZF|5.0|I first saw this movie a long time ago so it some nostalgic value for me, but when I viewed the DVD with all the extra footage and a widescreen ratio- WOW. It still holds up very well as a beautiful drama. Normally I can't stand drama movies that move this slowly but the actors are extremely believable and the setting is awesome. I recommend this movie for an afternoon with bad weather, watch it with your girlfriend.
B00003CXE6|5.0|To begin with GLADIATOR directed by Ridley Scott adds yet another epic great to an already imressive rusume of hit movies from &quot;THELMA &amp; LOUISE&quot;, ALIEN, BLADE RUNNER, LEGEND, 1492 etc ... and so too with Gladiator does Scott &amp; Co. involved triumphantly deliver the moviegoer the good's transporting  us successfully to the first  grand (sand,sandal &amp; toga) tale for over some thirty years. Forced into slavery by the corrupt and incestous heir to the throne, Roman General Maximus (Crowe)becomes a gladiator. His prowess in the arena will eventually lead him to Rome, the Colosseum and a vengeful showdown with the new emperor (Phoenix). A captivating cinema going experience with first-rate acting performances by all cast, superbly suited each to their respective parts Joaquin Phoenix, Connie Nielson, Derek Jacobi, Oliver Reed, Richard Harris &amp; of course Russell Crowe the star of the show brings total believability to his title role. A slick big-budget hollywood extravaganza at it's very best filled in with glorius cinematography and effects work, stirring musical score and effective screenplay populated with acting pool talent ensemble and in my opinion Ridley Scott's latest and best directorial effort to date. GLADIATOR is epic movie story-telling brought thrillingly into the 21st century by a film-master. Plays well on video but doesn't compare to seeing it on the big-screen. A MUST SEE !
B00004S6GL|5.0|If you are an Elliott Smith whatsoever there should be no reason why you woudln't pick this CD up. But if you're not, there isn't one thing about the CD that I could tell you makes it so great. It's simply put an amazing CD that will force you to feel what he is talking about and come out of it a different person. Elliott Smith is an amazing artist- simply put.
B00004X01U|4.0|As one reviewer pointed out here, you can't really expect this album to compare to Ray of Light. Madonna has never repeated herself, and &quot;Music&quot; is no exception to that rule. &quot;Ray of Light&quot; was a good album, and there were some good songs on it, I personally found the lyrics to be above the clouds, somewhere lost in some sense of spirituality that made very little sense to us on earth. While on &quot;Music&quot; you look at the lyrics, they're toned down from &quot;Ray of Light&quot; and are more universally applicable to the listener. In short, &quot;Music&quot; makes more sense than &quot;Ray of Light&quot;. That's not to say that you will find meaning in all the songs, (ie. see &quot;I like to singy..singy...singy..&quot;)but the songs that do have meaning are laid out for you to understand and are enjoyable. Favorable tracks include: Music, Don't Tell Me, What it Feels Like for a Girl, and Gone. Madonna easily reinvents her Music, and sets new standards as always.
0679731725|3.0|A story about an English butler of post-war England that is well worth your time to read. It is a short 250 page book that is great for weekend reading in the cold of winter. I could not put it down and having read the book it added greatly to my enjoyment of the movie by the same name in which Anthony Hopkins played a &quot;perfect&quot; Mr. Stevens.
B000001E8S|2.0|If you're looking for a U2 album this is not it.  Passengers is really just a side project in electronic music, and a poor one at that. Some songs like &quot;Miss Sarajevo&quot; have some appeal, but most are moody, rambling, and not a joy to listen to.  If you want classic U2 look elsewhere.
6305622930|5.0|Winner of 8 acdemy awards including best picture and best director for Franklin J. Schafner.About a biography on the the greatist allied military geinous of the last millenium and this film is brought to life with an uncanny potrayal by George C.  Scott as General George S. Patton an ingenious , charasmatic  and flamboyant and at times visonary military leader of the  second world war who at times made the allied enimey cringe  in desperation to figure out what this important and brave <br />man was going to do next.Since Patton was just a mere kid  it looked like he was going to be something specal for the military aceing through it like a kid with his toy when it came time for the second world war Generals Eisenhower and Doolittle,Clarke gave Patton full command of the western  tank force for invasion army to land at Morocco several ,  months later his friend would take over by General Bradly some of Patton's other major victorys would be Sicily and  the Battle Of The Bulge, to it's rousing opening by the , american flag to the intense battle scenes wich are more  then spectacle worthy in this timeless film in George C.  Scotts eyes we begin to get a feel of what this brave at  times formal man was like nothing in world war may have  been able to frighten this man but it would be his own  undoing that would be the biggest enimey for him to deal  with his own ego , but forever will in history Patton be  the defineing military genious of military history he ,  will be forever analized in the eyes of miltary and ,  college geniouses.<br />   As long as his name is in the annels of history he will  forever be a legend for america.In December of 1945 Patton  passed away with him a legend will remain that even today has not been matched an amazing an accurate spectacle an riveting film amazingly epic and truly ingenious , includes a doucudrama of Patton that lasts 50 minutes and Jerry Goldsmiths amazing  score is an isolated track both are worth while but this big  classic spectacle is a must have additon to you DVD collection an amazing bigoraphy that will remain classic in film histroy.
B000031XCR|1.0|This album is really horrible, in every song Celine screams making it impossible for you to listen to 1 entire song in your ear phones without getting a headache. On songs like &quot;All by myself&quot; she screams so much she could drive anyone nuts. And her new songs are so uncool... they sound like we're in the 1940's. Please Celine do some modern music and use your voice to sing not to scream.
6305078564|5.0|A great BBC production of one of the best known works of Jane Austen. Wonderful locations and period buildings contribute to the regency atmosphere of this drama. Colin Firth as Mr. Darcy is undoubtedly the best, he exactly represents the dark and broody hero with a heart of gold. Jennifer Ehle is perfect as the sensibile Bennet daughter. All the cast are superb living upto Austens representation of them in her book.A timeless classic.
0399146253|3.0|Having been a fan of Patricia Cornwall's books for many years now, I looked forward to the next installment.  Instead as many other reviews have said, it is in some respects a rehash of the other books.  I found the long narrative with her psychologist to be rather long and tedious as I did find other parts of the book.<br />But perhaps the thing that distresses me the most is the intemperate use of foul language.  It may be realism, but I get tired of being subjected to the 'f' word about four or five times a page.  Just eliminating the profanity would probably shorten the book by about a hundred pages, and the book was definitely too long.<br />Hope her next effort moves forward a bit...otherwise I may go shopping elsewhere.
B0000025RI|4.0|I just recently got this cd and it is a very good cd.The songs are Wanna be startin something,Baby Be mine,The Girl is Mine,Thriller,Beat It,Billie Jean,Human Nature,Pretty Young thing,The LAdy In my life.The song I like most out of this cd is Pretty Young THing because I like the rhytm.I only gave this cd a 4 because it has a lot of songs that the History has on it.But If YOu are a Michael Jackson fan I reccomed you get this cd or youll miss out on something magical.
6304039506|5.0|&quot;A Streetcar Named Desire&quot; (1951) is one of the few masterpieces of American cinema - a true work of art.  The story unfolds in New Orleans where former teacher of english, Blanche DuBois (Vivien Leigh) comes to live with her sister, Stella (Kim Hunter) and brother-in-law, Stanley Kowalski (Marlon Brando) in their small, run down apartment in a poor section of town.  When Blanche and Stanley meet for the first time, the sparks begin to fly almost immediately, setting the tone for the entire film.  Blanche's intentions to leave behind her unsavory past and begin anew (having been run out of her town of Oriole) are at odds with her brother-in-law's determination (intensified by his suspicion that Blanche has duped Stella out of an inheritance) to expose her social airs and genteel manner as a cover for a life of depravity and immorality.  The conflict between the two characters builds to a shocking and pathos-filled climax resulting in the disintegration of the last fragile thread of Blanche's sanity.  The film's star, Vivien Leigh, gives the greatest screen performance of her life, moving the viewer to feel her character's despair and regret, particularly when confessing to her newly acquired beau, Mitch (Karl Malden), one of Stanley's buddies, the reason behind her husband's suicide when they were both teenagers.  Marlon Brando is unforgettable as brutish, antagonistic, slur-speeched Stanley.  His presentation of beer &amp; sweat stained, animal-like masculinity is quite sensational even today, 50 years later.  Kim Hunter is equally as brilliant in her role of expectant mother, Stella Kowalski.  Her valiant attempts to keep peace between her husband and sister prove futile and eventually she, too, is dragged down into a quagmire of disillusion and resentment.  The film contains several messages, but perhaps the most striking sentiment is that a careless, unkind word spoken can cause irreparable damage and lead to tragic consequences, ruining many lives inthe process.  Add these four players' performances to the excellent Tennessee Williams' story, Elia Kazan's great direction and Alex North's outstanding score - what you get is a genuine first rate classic!
B000050HTO|4.0|This would have been a GREAT 30 song collection but it is marred by 2 important songs not included here. Why SERIES OF DREAMS &amp; NEW MORNING are not included is beyond me, but only politically correct in the minds of the bozos at Sony who keep cranking out repackaged hits collections by the same artist month after month. I would have left off both SILVIO &amp; either NOT DARK YET or THINGS HAVE CHANGED and put in the 2 MIA songs. Don't be surprised if we get another Bob Hits CD by next week!
6304708521|1.0|This movie has really gained nothing from it DVD release. The picture quality is dreadful, with so much dust from the film, that obviously no clean-up has even been attempted. The color is barely there, and certainly not with the spirit of the movie being vivid and bright.  This is all due to a poor film print used for the DVD transfer, and no digital editing to restore color or remove glitches.  The quality of this disc is no better than that of the video-tape version, which I also own.  No Special features, and the previously mentioned problems amount to an overall disappointing DVD.
015626224X|5.0|The language employed by Orwell in this fictionalized memoir of his rough times on the street is both informative and extremely witty. The book is very entertaining and the characters that Orwell encounters and befriends in both cities are engaging and very well described in both their virtues and their foibles. I have recently read Ode to Catalonia and enjoyed this much more.
B00003CX8J|5.0|Considering the fact that there will be more X-Men movies I give this one five stars. The movie moved too fast to let all characters have enough dialogue. I think Sabretooth said about ten words. Still, each character does the comic justice and the special effects are amazing. The story follows the comic almost perfectly. This DVD is especially good because they show you ten minuets that were cut out. If they had left those ten minuets in it would be a big improvement. Maybe they'll learn from their mistakes and make the second one even better.
0812589041|2.0|Maybe it's because I am not as interested in science fiction as the ones who told me about this book. I was dissappointed. But then again I never liked science fiction. To me, Ender's Game was any typical science fition. The good guys versus the bad guys. Of course the bad guys were gruesome creatures, in this case Buggers.  In retrospect, this was a good story due to the superior last two chapters. The first thirteen chapters barely kept my interest. Through out those chapters, I found it very hard to relate to a bunch of seven and eight-year-olds who had the responsibility and intellect of grown men. I was also disturbed by what almost seemed like a deep seeded sexual interest between Ender and his sister. In the end, I almost didn't want to enjoy the last seventy pages because by that time I had so much resentment for the book, yet it shocked me to read the results. While reading the novel I foresaw its &quot;plot twists&quot; well ahead of their unveilings. This book will mostly appeal to self-perceived child geniuses who will see reflections of themselves in Ender. Readers with fond memories of being gifted children will swallow easily the possibilty of an 8-year old trained soldier.  But with me not quite so... Only if you are interested in science fiction like Star Wars, etc. will I encourage it.
B000050HTO|4.0|Yes, it is a shameless rip off, and - of course -  Dylanists will quibble over what is the &quot;essential&quot; Dylan.  But this is a great collection of Dylan's work.  It is an excellent intro to his career.  If you are fan, think of it as a scrap book - it makes you realize why you are a fan.  I purchased the cds with a pang of guilt but I can't stop playing them.  And, if you don't think this includes the essential Dylan (and it doesn't), it will make you want to go back and play the missing songs.
B000001FS3|5.0|I would probably answer yes. When the singles from this album hit the airwaves, there was an obvious lift in class from whatever else was being played on the radio at the time. <br />'With or without you' beautifully captures a relationship falling apart. 'I still haven't found what I'm looking for' is a spiritual classic. 'Red hill mining town' and 'Running to stand still' have great passion. 'Running' was improved on in live performances in the early 90s, with guitar replacing piano. 'Exit' always sounded better live.'One tree hill' is one of the most affecting songs I have ever heard. 'Mothers of the dissapeared' has a lovely melody and important message regarding South America.'In gods country' and 'trip through your wires' also sound great. <br />Simply a must for any serious collector of great rock music.
0553106635|5.0|This book is simply amazing, as is the whole series.  If you've read the first two, you know this is a must-have.  If you haven't, you need to read those, and then get this one.  Many may see this as a good thing, but sometimes it's annoying how easily the author just *yoink* yanks one of the main characters out of the picture!  I keep having to pick a new favorite every time my old favorite dies!  But the way in which there is no clear good or evil is superb, and I often find myself cheering for one of the &quot;bad guys&quot;.  A fantastic read, one you will lose sleep over!
B00000K0DT|5.0|If you are a Kevin Spacey fan and haven't seen this movie you would be in for a treat as far as seeing what a well rounded actor he is by watching it. The movie on a whole is done well and the other actors all do a fine job. The plot is unique and not easy to figure out like many movies. The ending is excellent well thought out. Even if you rent it some where you should see it if you like movies that make you think.
B00001PE4D|5.0|Whilst certainly not the best film ever, it is pleasant to see a teen film not filled with blood, gore and mediocre casting.  The actors here are superb - Gellar and Phillipe obviously love their roles and Blair adds some much needed humour to this dark tale.  It's a decidedly modern affair all round, and it's rare that a film so jam-packed with innuendoes should have relatively little explicit content.  My only real complaint is Witherspoon, whose stolid acting brings the film down a little.  She's the oddly stereotypical virgin all right, but she shows surprisingly little emotion.  Only at the end does she pull through, although her sudden shift in character seems a little contrived.  However, a great film nonetheless with a gorgeous soundtrack.
B0000508U6|3.0|&quot;Yellow&quot; got major radio play her in san francisco and it's not hard to guess why--it's an undeniably awesome song, beautiful, majestic, soaring, etc.  had to rate this only 3 stars though as the rest of the record doesn't quite match up, and in a way, Coldplay are easy to get just a tad tired of.  the new Radiohead is much deeper, the new CD by the black watch is much more spinetinglingly inspiring, and the new dandy warhols is much more fun.
034537410X|5.0|LaBerge is a psychologist at Stanford University, currently working on lucid dream research at The Lucidity Institute in Palo Alto, California. These books detail his discoveries on the waking dream and the methods by which one can experience such dreams. Lucid dreams are very fascinating and are an amazingly creative and fun way of exploring inner reality. The books have a pretty scientific bent and should be seen more as textbooks rather than descriptive or imaginative introductions to the lucid dream world.  <br />Of his two books, I think this one is a far more practical guide.
B000002MY3|5.0|Jagged Little Pill is life.  All I Really Want's harmonica opening really brings you to face with how the rest of the album is going to be: fantastic.  You Oughta Know's a remedy for anger, even if it's not at a boyfriend.  The &quot;rage&quot; as some call it, isn't rage at all.  It's pain, hurt, and sadness, with a great guitar riff.  Perfect is an exact memory of childhood.  You're expected to try your all and do your best... as long as you're perfect.  The way she sings this, calm at the beginning and louder towards the end, gives this song a great beauty.  Hand In My Pocket gives a positive for every negative, while Right Through You shows that you can come back and outsmart everyone who's looked down upon you.  Forgiven shows a woman looking back at how religion changed her moral views (not for the better), while You Learn is the story of everyone's life and in whatever you do, you learn from it.  Head Over Feet is the beginning of a new love, Mary Jane is a troubled girl, and Ironic, all though not the dictionary term, is funny things that can happen, even if they're not &quot;ironic.&quot;  Not The Doctor is about a partner who is virtually dependent on you, and Wake Up is about someone who has let you down.  The secret track, Your House, is about a woman who goes to her boyfriend's house and searches around while he's gone, asking him to forgive her for this.  Overall, the talent really comes out in this album and it's a must-have.  Even Billboard magazine said it was the #1 album of the '90's!  Different themes are interjected in this album, and you'll probably find one that relates to you and for your own reasons.  The music is fantastic, her vocals are magnificent, and the songwriting is superb.  Also try to check out Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie by Alanis, the lyrics are equally as brilliant on that album.
0875428940|5.0|I own five decks (so far) and, at this point this is my favorite one.  I am just learning Tarot and found this one to be easy and enjoyable.  I've found that you really must like the deck you're learning with and this one is both attractive and inspiring.  The images are both colorful and meaningful.  As I become more experienced, I am sure I'll be adding more decks to my collection, but I am sure this one will always be &quot;up there.&quot;
B00000DGUG|5.0|Supposed... is an excellent album for many reasons.  First, the lyrics have matured from Jagged Little Pill (which were also fantastic, don't get me wrong, but as a person gets older, a lot of views change, which she clearly shows in this record.)  Her trip to India really changed her music, and it brought out some great songwriting.  This album has it's calm moments (Heart of the House, That I Would Be Good), upbeat moments (So Pure, Thank U) and it has it's &quot;angst&quot; as some like to put it, in the music AND the lyrics (Sympathetic Character - about an abusing boyfriend, Joining You - about a person on the verge of suicide.)  The variety of styles is great and keeps you interested in listening.  (Can't Not is probably my favorite track off that record.)  The other reason this album is good is that it showed who her real fans were (buh-bye 12 year old Britney fans) and leaves Alanis with a mature audience.  It also shows that you can sell records by writing about interesting topics and not about &quot;oops... doing it again.&quot;
B000000W5P|4.0|This album is so--and I mean this in the best sense of the word--it's so DIRTY.<br />Beyond the lyrics--filled with hookers, junkies, losers, criminals of all kinds, back-stabbers, liars, and on and on and on--Keith and Mick seem to have taken in all of New York's then-trendy nightlife and spewed out all the worst of it--but the SOUND.<br />The guitars never soothe, there is none of the strumblin' acoustic wash of previous LPs (save the mocking &quot;Faraway Eyes&quot;) none of the sickly strings that slop all over &quot;Sticky Fingers&quot;...this is just razor-sharp Fenders.  Watts drums aren't thumping, they're hard-edged Whacks.  <br />Great singing--maybe the last great vocal LP for Mick--and &quot;Before They Make Me Run,&quot; one of the big 3 from Keith.<br />I love this LP, but, years after I bought it and hid it in my room, and with threee kids of my own, this is one of only a handful of LPs I never play if my parents are within earshot.<br />It's great rock, but it has that [sort of trashy] feeling...
1577311523|5.0|I found this book very inspiring and deep. I like that in a book. I also like how he gave rest breaks in the reading to reflect. Too many self-help books have no real depth to them. This one makes you think and answers many questions we all ask ourselves at times. I recommend this book for anyone who is ready to be in the &quot;Now&quot;. I also recommend &quot;12 Secrets for Manifesting Your Vision, Inspiration and Purpose&quot; by Richard Bellamy. He also describes being &quot;Present Now&quot; very well. Both of these books complement one another.
B000000W5L|5.0|ThE Monster LP for every guitar player who wanted to Rock, not solo.<br />The secret here is that this is a Keith Richards record.  the riff-meister was able to keep Mick, then entering his jet-set mode, smoking and drinking long enough to record a bluesy set of hard FUN.  &quot;Rip This Joint&quot; (bing-bang, you're my thang) kicks, &quot;Tumbling Dice&quot; is one of the three Keith classics (along with &quot;Happy&quot; and &quot;Before They Make Me Run,&quot; Watts/Wyman have that tight-loose thing rumbling along, and the horns roar like a highschool marching band on heroin.  Which they may have been, if you follow me.<br />Anyone who claims to love rock and roll--or even blues, or rock, or pop--and doesn't have at least one worn copy of this LP is missing out on one of the big ones.
B00003CWL6|2.0|I don't want to just rehash what has already been said (and there are already over 500 reviews on this movie) but I did want to give my impression of the movie in a different way.<br />When I first entered college, I took an introduction to psychology course, taught by an especially gifted teacher.  Almost everyone in the class (myself included) was overcome by the &quot;Freudian Syndrome&quot; of believing every neurotic symptom described in the book applied to our lives.  Our teacher cheerfully explained this common phenomenon would occur and only those on the extreme end of the spectrum would be considered truly sick.<br />This movie is one giant Freudian Syndrome.  The characters somehow connect with us because we have experienced their traumas at one point or another in our lives.  I tried not to be cynical, but I found it difficult to sympathize (or empathize) with any of the characters due to the fact that they are all so far &quot;out there&quot;.  Not to mention, many other reviewers have already pointed out the numerous &quot;common sense&quot; problems of who they choose to interact with and the reasons given in the movie as to why each person made the choices they did.  In other words, these people aren't real - they're cartoon characters.<br />This movie was the introductory course (rental material).  If you liked this movie and you want the advanced course, then buy the movie that should have won Best Picture - Magnolia.
B00003W8NM|5.0|This movie is good on many levels, the story is great (adapted from a truely fantastic novel), the translation to film was very carefully crafted and it's artistic translation perhaps delivers the message to those who need it most.<br />&quot;The things that you own end up owning you&quot;<br />The film leaves you with a distrubed not well feeling, you may not be able to pinpoint why this is at first, then you begin to think about it and start to realize the moral of the story and the the truth hiding underneath (again on so many levels). From things like &quot;Do you know you could defend yourself if need be? and can you imagine the liberation that must come from having that assurance?&quot; To &quot;Our society is driven my the accumulation of things, and we will do whatever we must to obtain those things and live out the lifestyles hollywood dictates that we must&quot;. Then it goes on to show the dangers of the other extreem way of thinking (this is in fact the basis for most of the story). Possibly too much for some to grasp.<br />&quot;You are not a unique a beautiful butterfly&quot;<br />The movie is crafted well, it's brilliant and nothing less than a piece of art. A very in-your-face generationX style movie that may not be consumable for everyone. The DVD version is incredible, the extra stuff you get + the quality is worth the money.
0792153367|4.0|Anyone wondering why Hollywood stars, and even the lesser players, earn so much for a few weeks of standing in front of cameras would be well advised to watch 'Breakfast at Tiffany's'.  As everyone knows, this is one of the most wonderful, charming, romantic movies EVER- and it could so easily could have been a disaster.  <br />The first problem was the script; Truman Capote's novella was nearly eviscerated in an effort to get the more censorable aspects of Holly Golightly's life into a form acceptable to mass audiences.  Holly's unconventional attitudes towards sex, race, love, and earning money were jettisoned; the only 'kookiness' allowed to remain was her habit of garaging her wardrobe under her bed.  Characters were eliminated, a subplot with characters not in the novella introduced, and a 'boy-gets-the girl' ending substituted for Capote's. .... <br />Amazingly, it worked- and the reason is the actors, beginning with Audrey Hepburn.  Her Holly is one of the marvels of film history; you can't imagine anyone else in the part.  George Peppard- usually a stalwart, uninspired actor- rose to her level,and the result was magic.  Patricia Neal, so often wasted in films of the 1950's, saves a badly written part through her unbelievable ability to communicate subtext.  Even the most minor actors, such as the extra whose hat is set aflame at one of Holly's parties, simply glow with their belief in what they're doing.  <br />The result?  Instead of an albatross of a movie, Paramount got a gold mine, a film that has earned non-stop for forty years. <br />If you haven't seen this, be sure you do- and soon.  It's the quintessential romantic comedy, a yardstick by which all others are measured. .... <br /> Anytime you want to be put in the most romantic mood possible, you need to get out your cassette or DVD of this one, and watch these wonderful people work their magic all over again.  And hey, where else you gonna see Audrey Hepburn and Buddy Ebsen play a love scene- and make you believe it?
0140282033|4.0|This is a delightful little book with an unusual premise.  It's magical and spiritual, intriguing and mysterious -- anyone interested in the the little towns and villages of France and the people who might live there will be enthralled.  It was read from cover to cover on a 10+ hour flight from France in September.  I judge a book by two things:  how much I care about the story and characters while I am reading it and how much I remember about it when I have put it down.  In both cases this is a 10!  One reviewer didn't like the ending...he (or she) should pick up where this left off, back in Lansquenet, with &quot;Blackberry Wine&quot;.
B000000OPU|5.0|I am rebuilding my music collection and this is one of the first CDs I had to get. Peter Gabriel does a good job of putting together a good mix of styles. From \\"Don't Give Up\\" to \\"Big Time\\", he runs the gamut of emotions lyrically and musically. It is a great example of music written and performed well. When I listen to this CD it's not because I'm in a particular mood, but it's usually because I know I will be satisfied after listening to it. The music weaves it's way under my skin, infuses me with it's lyrics and never fails to elicit a new and somehow different satisfaction. That's all I can ask for in art.
B00001NFCY|5.0|When I first heard this CD I, as many people, only listened to the songs that had been played on the radio.  And by that time, my family was getting pretty sick of it.  But I started to get caught up in other songs, such as &quot;Beautiful&quot; and &quot;Faceless Man&quot; and I started to sing along.  It is an excellent CD and I recommend it to so many others.  If you haven't bought it yet, get out there and buy it!  You are definetly getting your money's worth!  And if you liked their first CD, you'll love this one even more.  Congratulations to the guys of Creed on such an enormous success and I hope you continue to make CD's as wonderful as this!!  Good luck in the future!!
0525945636|4.0|I bought the book Saturday and a week later I had finished it. It leaves no room for putting it down and you're just turning one page after another to find out why this apparently nice main character Lucas has lost his memory. Follett has done his research about rockets very well and you feel you're right there following the breathtaking event of launching America's first rocket. Follett has a way of describing people and the settings in a very vivdly image and I didn't find it difficult to see the whole story running as a movie inside my head while I was reading. I gave it four stars though 'cause the ending is maybe a little too ordinary. But I can highly recommend Code to Zero
B00004WC6J|5.0|I have always thought of David Sylvian's music to have an autumn feel to it...earthy, haunting, changing, shifting like a breeze. Everything and Nothing provides a beautiful cross-section of the career of a  man who has delved in electronica, jazz, new age, pop and world music.<br />If you buy this at all buy it for the song &quot;Ride&quot;, an umbelievable omission from SECRETS OF THE BEEHIVE.  <br />Elsewhere is an omission from DEAD BEES ON A CAKE called &quot;The Scent of Magnolia&quot; with it's elegant electronic arrangment.<br />&quot;Thoroughly Lost in Logic&quot; is a vocal piece with what sounds like a prepared piano ala John Cage.  Being a fan of avant-guarde composers like Cage, Crumb and Usserchevsky, I honestly have to admit I really like this piece!  Granted, it's art for art's sake...but who cares?<br />Other fruits from his orange period include early rare Japan material, dobro melodies, and what sounds like to me is a reworked background to &quot;Heartbeat&quot;
6303187064|5.0|As many of you know, this was Brandon Lees last movie.He plays Eric Draven a talented musician, who comes back from the dead after his wife Shelley is killed.The characters are just to amazing to describe so i won't even try to.I have read the graphic novel, and i think that this is even better.Some of Dravens thoughts and views on various things are just so insperational.Every single character from T-Bird to Funboy to Draven himself, is very very very well acted and thumbs up for whoever did the casting for this masterpiece.If you love great movies, do yourself a favor, buy this.
6304795254|5.0|&quot;The Game&quot; is quite possibly the most exquisite and original movie I have yet to see.  A plot line similar to that of a roller coaster ride provides an &quot;edge of the seat&quot; experience.  Michael Douglas' acting is nothing less than immaculate. A music score Mozart himself could be proud of and directing that puts Spielberg to shame culminate into an Action/Mystery extravaganza.  The first time one sees this thriller, their mind is left captivated for hours on end.  I advocate this movie to anyone who is into plot line twists like &quot;The Sixth Sense.&quot;  In fact, this masterpiece is so excellent, you don't even need to bother renting it, just go ahead and buy it.
0792846710|2.0|........I love a cheesy horror flick just as much as the next guy, but come on please this is ridiculous.Big &quot;Klowns&quot; run around with killer &quot;Klown&quot; stuff killing teenagers?this is really ridiculous.Ok some of the &quot;Klowns&quot; do look sort of cool, and i gave it 2 stars instead of 1 because you can laugh at it in parts, but none the less, i wouldnt buy it.
B00000K3UR|5.0|This was a pretty good movie.  It's not as great as his other movies like Happy Gilmore and Billy Madison, but it does have its funny moments.  Sunny Koufax is a toll booth worker whose girlfriend left him to go to Syracuse.  One day a boy arrives at his door, but it's actually his roomate's.  But since his roomate has to go on a law suit case to Japan, Sunny decides to take care of him.  But he soon realizes that he's not exactly role model father of the year, and he soon tries to give him back to Social Services, but he can't.  What will Sunny do?
B00004XPP0|5.0|ok, I understand that people who own the Trilogy already might be disappointed by this VHS release. But I'm sure Episode II and III will be released on DVD . And then they'll also release the other films on DVD for you whiners. Anyway, the reason this Trilogy is being released so often, is simply that it's so good. George Lucas wants everyone to experience it, and I'm sure people who liked last year's Episode I will want to see it. People who think they have to buy it because it's STAR WARS, are crazy. Why do you have to buy this if you already own it? George wants to do something truly spectacular with star wars on dvd. I prefer to wait for that than get a crappy transfer with crappy features.
B000002H2H|5.0|This is Metallica's second best Cd.  That honor is held by the Black Album.  Ride the Lightning is filled with classics.  Fight Fire with Fire has a very slow beginning, before the guitars come crashing in.  A cool song.  Ride the Lightning is my personal favorite.  It has a great opening, very fast, and great lyrics.  For Whom the Bell Tolls is another classic.  It has a very aggressive opening.  It is filled with creepy lyrics and a great finishing section.  Fade to Black is another great song.  It has an unforgettable opening.  The lyrics are very deep and powerful.  A cool solo.  Trapped Under Ice is a very fast and aggressive song.  It is another song about someone dying.  Escape is a mediocre song.  Creeping Death has some cool guitar and drum playing.  The Call of Ktulu is an instrumental.  It clocks in at around nine minutes and can get a little repetitive.  But it is very enjoyable.  Overall, this is Metallica at its best.  It is a little shorter than most Metallica Cds at around 48 minutes.  Nevertheless, it is a great bang for your buck and one of the best Cds ever put out.  A must-own!!!
B00003CXE7|2.0|The movie formula is well known:  hero taken from his place, his family mutilated, his land destroyed, he is flung into misery, he vows revenge, he endures several trials, he is the best warrior with incredible constitution, he fights back to the top, he wins the crowd, he is betrayed in his chance for an easy victory, he, nonetheless, overcomes the setback and kills the evil nemesis and saves the dignity of his people.  Most obviously, this is Braveheart, but it is as well numorous other recent films, including borrowing the bizarre spirituality of Messanger.  Did I mention that the movie was set in a dark, miserable time?<br />Besides the tiring plot, the pretentious, silly, third person dialogue and myriad accents nearly draw laughter.  Third person works for Shakespeare, particularly when the production doesn't try to produce accents.  In this film, we have New York, Australian, California, English and Nordic accents.  It is painful -- particularly in light of the fact that most of these areas were not known to the Roman empire.<br />Still, the visuals are Scottian.  And, that we expect from his great films and commercials.  Still, it is not enough to remove this movie from its misery.<br />Perhaps most troubling is the disclaimer at the end of the film stating to the effect that great care was taken to protect animals from harm.  It does not, however, say that no animals were in fact harmed.  That is truly sad considering that this film is no leap forward in art and that Tigers and Giraffes have their own problems in the wild.  The horse scenes were brutal and, I suspect, it would be difficult to train any of these animals without some degree of abuse.<br />Come to think of it, this movie is shameful and reprehensible.
B0000028RR|5.0|I wish I could add 5 more stars to this review, this album is so fantastic and groundbreaking and is on my top 5 list of best albums of all time. I could listen to this album all the way through over and over and over. Rage against the machine puts Korn, Limp Bizkit, Kid rock and every other rappy metal rip off band to shame with every album Rage puts out, all hail Rage against the machine, the kings of political rock!
B00000BKDY|2.0|I'm a Maiden fan, but frankly, was a little disappointed with this one. Wasted Years is a good song, but other than that, I don't see anything special here. I recommend earlier albums like Killers, Number of the Beast, and Powerslave.  I enjoyed Fear of the Dark as well.
B00004XQ83|5.0|Tip for all y'all &quot;soundtrack&quot; folks: As much as you and I love the Coens', forget about their films and &quot;soundtracks&quot; for a moment and listen to the actual music on this disc for a while....<br />And I reckon you'll like as much as I did.  Made me laugh, made me cry... in parts anyway.  There wasn't a song I didn't like hearin' -- and I'm not the kind of fella' who likes a whole lotta music, &quot;country&quot; 'specially.  But this ain't yer radio station &quot;country&quot;... far from it.  Call it whatcha will, this a here music's bona fide, 'ts got Harry McLintock and Emmylou Harris for cryin' outloud!  'Nuff said 'bout the tunes... now if the darn movie would just come out.  It just gets my goat that them Coen brothers waited this long!  Well, as my ex used to say, party 'till the cows come home, then party with the cows...
B000006NPY|1.0|let me start out by saying the smashing pumpkins are and alwayswill be my favorite band. no one can beat them. but..... adore [isn'tvery good]. when i first got it, i was so sure it would be good that i lied to myself for sometime on how good it was. and don't say i haven't given it enough of a chance, i listened to the whole disc dozens of times, thinking it would be good again. it never was. ditching butch vig was their first mistake; losing jimmy was their second; losing d'arcy was their third and final. siamese dream is the greatest album ever, and i didn't expect them to top that. but adore..... brings tears to my eyes. same with machina. breaking up is the only thing they could do. i really wish i could say that the smashing pumpkins are still good but, it's just not true anymore.
B000006U44|5.0|This was my first Kate album, i bought it after digging through my mums collection of records (im 14!) and finding 'the man with the child in his eyes' on a compilation. Anyway i was simply stunned at the song and 'kick inside' is the best album i have ever heard. I have all her other albums and they are all stunning, i love them all. Despite peoples mixed reviews i always found this one to be the favourite, perhaps because it was my introduction to her! Anyway, every song is spectacular and im not just saying that as a biased Kate Bush fan! She took a long time to make this album and it shows through songs such as the unforgettable hit singles 'Man with the child in his eyes' and 'Wuthering heights'. Other songs like 'James and the cold gun', 'Them heavy people' and 'Moving' also could've granted her chart success. My favourite song is 'Kick inside', which is quite overlooked. It is absolutely beautiful although its subject is very sad. 'Kite' is so sweet, i dont see why people dont like it :) Anyway, if you're thinking of buying this album i assure you it is worth it, even if it might take a while for you to get into it as its so original and different, beleive me even if you cant stand her voice it does grow on you and you'll not regret buying this!
B000002UAX|5.0|Imagine if The White Album was cut into one fantastic album. I think the tracklisting would be something like this:<BR> 1. Back in the U.S.S.R.  2. Dear Prudence  3. Glass Onion  4. Ob-La-Di, Ob-La-Da  5. While My Guitar Gently Weeps  6. Happiness Is A Warm Gun  7. Martha My Dear  8. I'm So Tired  9. Blackbird  10. I Will  11. Julia  12. Yer Blues  13. Mother Nature's Son  14. Sexy Sadie  15. Long, Long, Long  16. Revolution 1  17. Cry Baby Cry  18. Good Night.<BR> What do you think? Too long? I think that would be neat and a very strong album, but of course some other good songs would be missed.
B0000042H4|5.0|Wagner's Ring is the greatest achievement in the history of music.  I'm not going to even try to describe how complex, rewarding, dramatic and gorgeous this cycle is - I wouldn't do a very good job.  If you've heard the Ring before, you know what I mean.  If you haven't ... get this.  Now.<br />The problem with the Ring is that since it's so huge, every recording of it is bound to be flawed in some way.  There are various historic cycles from the fifties, for example Furtwngler's two, Krauss's, Keilberth's and Knappertsbusch's, that are all flawed because of bad sound and vocal and orchestral mistakes, even in extreme cases, cuts.  After this cycle, the best Wagnerian singers disappeared almost immediately, so however well Barenboim, Haitink, Levine, et al conduct their respective cycles, they can't be considered first choices.  Karajan's cycle from roughly the same period as this is homogenously, slickly conducted with a very variable cast.  So that leaves this Solti as the indisputable first choice.<br />Solti is by no means perfect.  There are times when he is too blunt and brash; when the orchestra is brought in too suddenly or is over-emphatic.  But for the most part he is magnificent.  He takes sensible, well-judged tempi, slightly on the fast side (keeping with Wagner's wishes), he gives the dramatic moments colossal impact, and he conducts the lyrical movements ravishingly.  He is helped in this by the greatest orchestra in the world, the Vienna Philharmonic, who play like gods for Solti.  To compare them to their nearest competitor: they are just as perfect technically as the Berlin Philharmonic for Karajan, but are so much more responsive emotionally.  The choral work in Gtterdmmerung is outstanding, too.<br />The sound effects and production by John Culshaw are perhaps the most controversial aspect of this Ring.  While they sometimes obscure the music, this is not very frequent, and for the rest of the time, they are essential to the drama and to the realization of Wagner's wishes.  (If you can find it, I strongly recommend Culshaw's out-of-print book &quot;Ring Resounding&quot;, the story of the making of this recording.  It is very fascinating reading.)<br />But the element of this recording which really makes it unique is the singing.  Nowhere else on record is such firm, true and consistent singing to be heard in these hugely demanding rules.  The cast is led by the silvery, powerful Brnnhilde of Birgit Nilsson, the last of the great Wagnerian sopranos.  She has fine diction, excellent acting and above all, a beautiful, stunningly powerful voice.  Her Siegfried is Wolfgang Windgassen, who does not have the vocal power of Melchior, but who has a liquid-toned, mellifluous voice and excellent interpretative skills.  Hans Hotter, Wotan in Walkre and Siegfried, has the bass-baritone voice of the century and a warm, humane, solemn temperament.  I can't understand people's reservations about him.  Further highlights of the enormous cast include Neidlinger's absolutely stunning Alberich, Flagstad's glorious Fricka, King's silvery, ringing Siegmund, Frick's black Hagen and Stolze's sly, scheming, evil Mime.  The only vocal disappointments are Claire Watson as Gutrune and Freia, the Rhinemaidens in Rheingold, and the Erda of Jean Madeira.  Casting is not quite consistent between operas, but it is far less a problem than in the chaotic Karajan set.  This cast is about as perfect as we have any right to ask for.<br />So when you put Solti's magnificent conducting, the sublime Vienna Philharmonic, crystal clear sound and an outstanding cast, you have the greatest Ring cycle ever recorded.  It's not the cheapest one, but it's beautifully packaged with extensive notes, and is the greatest artistically.  If you're looking to invest in a complete Ring cycle, this is the one to buy.
B00000J6AG|1.0|When I first listened to this album, I was startled to hear raspy voices and clunky piano sounds combined into what sounded like obnoxious noise. I thought, &quot;The whole cd can't be like this.&quot; I was right: the rest of the songs are even worse. Moby has taken samples of gospel singing and thrown them together with syrupy, maudlin new-age sounds. The gritty texture of gospel voices does not compliment the wimpy, synethesized &quot;muzak&quot; - somehow, the ill-fitting combination makes both styles seem ludicrous. The best way to enjoy this music is from under the influence of some kind of mind-altering substance - but only if you're the type who enjoys having a bad trip.
0440539811|5.0|I'm not even going to pretend to try to explain anything about the plot of this book.  It is so complex that I'd need more space than the book itself takes up.  I will say this though, this book is the most amazing combination of Sci-fi, occult, and conspiracty that I have ever seen.  I found myself looking for certain numbers everywhere.  Sometimes I actually see the fnords.   What this book does is follow a few different, intertwining plots that center around an ancient society, the Illuminati, the lost continent of Atlantis, and some other, darker groups as well.  The book is not for the faint of heart, because the conspiracies are written so well, that you find yourself believing them at times.  Also, there are some graphic scenes that may not be suitable for younger readers.<br />This trilogy (you need to read all three for it to make sense) is not an easy read, but a very rewarding one.  The only problem is it can be confusing, and you have to stick with it before you get hooked.  The first 100 pages or so may or may not seem slow or uninteresting, or just plain confused.  Stick with it though.  It's worth it.  I enjoyed this book immensely.  It's definitely not light or easy, but very rewarding.
6303965415|5.0|I am an Austen fan, having read all of her novels (most more than once) and a lot of her shorter works. Persuasion is my favorite of her novels. That one I've read more times than I can count. I also own a copy of this movie, and I've watched it more times than I can count. Never have I seen a movie adaptation that was so right on with every step it takes. Beginning with the casting, (which is superb, from the leads down to the one-liners) and continuing through the script, direction, and acting, this movie never misses. If you're a lover of the book, you'll love this masterful adaptation. The writer includes just the right parts and leaves out just enough. The meticulous attention to REAL period detail ( only candlelight at night, characters with a limited number of items in their wardrobe, period faces unadorned with modern makeup, etc.) sink you wholly into Austen's world. This is not a movie that shows off it's period finery, and that's as it should be. Amanda Root and Ciaran Hinds might as well have been born to play these roles. Anne reading Wentworth's letter at the end of the film is so romantic that it still makes me nearly swoon when I watch it. (You listen to Ciarin Hinds say &quot;You pierce my soul&quot; and see if you don't feel the same). This film was so successful, that evertime I re-read the book now, I hear those voices and see those faces in my head. Truly one of the most underrated and best films I've ever seen.
B00002EPJH|5.0|Jarrett &egrave; stato male. La sua malattia &egrave; una sorta di indebolimento dell'organismo provocato dall'eccesso di lavoro; una specie di stress da successo. I brani di questo disco, registrati nella casa dove Jarrett si era ritirato da mesi per essere assistito dalla moglie (alla quale il disco &egrave; dedicato), sono la conferma che dalle crisi personali si pu&ograve; uscire in tanti modi (e non uscirne affatto...), anche crescendo. E' il caso di Jarrett, uno che non sembrava dover  dimostrare pi&ugrave; nulla, e che pure qualcosa deve aver visto e capito nel tempo della sofferenza se riesce a donarci una musica come questa. Si tratta di dieci canzoni, quasi tutte notissime e di un breve brano dello stesso Jarrett. La meraviglia nasce dal respiro lieve e notturno di queste esecuzioni, dalla pulizia, dall'eleganza priva di compiacimento. Sembra che un sentimento di religioso rispetto abbia guidato queste esecuzioni: il rispetto per il silenzio della notte e delle stelle.  Gi&agrave; le prime note di \\"I love you Porgy\\" (Gershwin) segnalano che non siamo ascoltando la normale, seppur magistrale, esecuzione di uno standard: la dolcezza quasi esitante con cui si apre questa meravigliosa canzone ci porta lontano da tutto. Forse ci porta l&igrave; dove un uomo grato avvolge in uno sguardo pieno d'amore la sua donna dormiente. L'incanto prosegue immutato nei brani successivi, \\"I got it bad...\\" di Webster/Ellington e \\"Don't even leave me\\" (Hammerstein), una bellissima preghiera d'amore. In questa luce notturna persino \\"Someone to watch over me\\" (Gershwin) sembra qualcosa che non avevamo mai ascoltato prima.  La sesta canzone (\\"Blame it on my youth\\" di Heyman) &egrave; seguita senza soluzione di continuit&agrave; da \\"Meditation\\", una bellissimo fraseggio della mano destra accompagnato da un'unica nota dolcemente ripetuta dalla sinistra. La bellezza si nasconde davvero nelle cose pi&ugrave; semplici!  I due \\"traditionals\\" mirabilmente arrangiati da Jarrett (\\"My wild Irish rose\\" e \\"Shenandoah\\") sono infine l'espressione di una calma serena, di una superiore capacit&agrave; di comporre conflitti e pulsioni: la speranza che la vita possa essere qualcosa di bello.rena, di una superiore capacit di comporre conflitti e pulsioni: la speranza che la vita possa essere qualcosa di bello.
0783240287|5.0|It is still AMAZING to me that one person could write such incredible musicals.  Joseph takes a Bible story and tells it in such a way that it brings all types of people in as a audience and they come away with a smile.  I would recommend this video for all ages.  I don't know of any Andrew Lloyd-Webber musical that I have disliked.  I highly recommend this production.
B00003CX97|4.0|A very long film by modern standards that could have been cut down in the long marching through the jungle scenes, none-the-less, a classic film. The DVD is a good restoration of such an old film.  However there are a lot of floating hairs particularly in the opening and ending scenes. A few places the picture jumped like you were watching the movie on a reel film that misaligned for a few cells. Thankfully this only happened twice for a short period during most of the film. The sound was adequate. Overall the restoration could have been better. I've seen better in films almost as old. The DVD special features were okay. The best was a documentary produced in 2000 that is very good. This special feature alone makes this set of DVD's worth it. It has good interviews with many of the crew who worked on this film. It runs about an hour and is very interesting. None of the cast was interviewed. Most of them are no longer living. The original featurette produced in the 60's was moderately interesting. It sounds like the same guy that did the Twilight Zone voice-overs narrated it. It views more like an extended trailer. The best information is given in the newer documentary. The `USC Short Film Narrated by William Holden' looks to be a film produced in the 60's to show film students how to watch and evaluate a film. The only reason this seems to be included is that it uses `The Bridge Over the River Kwai' as an example of how to watch a film. Interesting in a funny sort-of-way, but probably you would watch it once then never again. An Appreciation and Discussion by Filmmaker John Milius was the most annoying of the special features. It consists of mostly this guy Milius stating why he thought the movie was a classic. I kept thinking who is this guy and why do I care why he liked the movie? Most of his comments about the film were very inane. Thankfully it runs only about 8 minutes. The photo gallery was done in an interesting way. It runs through automatically with the music of the film. However, the posters shown are all very similar and after about 5 minutes I became bored. It runs about 8 minutes. Finally trailers for the film as well as for Guns of Navarone, Lawrence of Arabia, Fail Safe and a couple other that slip my mind are included. The trailer for Fail Safe is very funny in a historical perspective way. Overall the DVDs are a good value for the film, the exclusive documentary, and the trailer of Fail Safe. If I knew of a better film restoration of the movie I would get it, but I don't think a better restoration will be forthcoming.
B000002KGT|5.0|You can't really say you have a decent rock collection until you own this superb CD. It's not just the best Fleetwood Mac's CD and the third best selling album in history but certainly one of the best music recordings of all time. You probably can remember, as I clearly can, where were you when you heard Rumours for the first time. It is a landmark in rock music and gathers the best musical moment and talent of Nicks, Fleetwood, Buckingham and the MacVie's. The perfect example of the right people playing at the right time.
0790729628|5.0|Blade Runner is my favorite science fiction film. Everything about it, from its exceptional music and script to its brilliant direction; oozes with substance and style. <br />The screenplay, by Hampton Fancher and Philip K. Dick, is intelligently written and has a good mix of drama, action, and science fiction. The dialogue is smart, philosophical, and meaningful.<br />The cast does a fine job at bringing voice to the script. Harrison Ford delivers a fine performance as the troubled Blade Runner, Rick Deckard. Rutger Hauer gives the best performance of the film, though. Hauer plays the replicant, Roy Batty, whom is searching for a way to prolong his life. He delivers his lines with cold-menace and a sorrowful undertone. Sean Young and Daryl Hannah also give noteworthy performances.<br />Ridley Scott is in top form here. As in Alien, he shows us that he has a very fine eye for details. His vision of Los Angeles in 2019 is frightening gritty and dark.<br />Jordan Cronenweth's cinematography is extraordinary. His use of lighting is quite effective and intriguing. <br />Vangelis's jazzy blues music suits the images on screen nicely and adds a lot of soul to the film. <br />The legendary, gothic, and often imitated set design of Blade Runner is incredible and helps in creating a sense of doom and in bringing Ridley Scott's vision to life. <br />Like so many films that have now attained classic status, Blade Runner was panned by both critics and audiences upon its release. I suppose people just weren't ready to see Harrison Ford in a film-noir and to see a science fiction film with this much power and grit. Blade Runner is, in my opinion, the finest science fiction films ever made.
B00000IUT7|3.0|I wish I could figure out why even the teensiest little hill or gentlest curve defeats this engine. Only one wheel on one side seems to be powered, so when that gets stuck, the other seven spin uselessly. My son lost interest pretty quickly. On the upside, I guess you could say the fact that it needs help all the time makes it very interactive.
B000050IMJ|5.0|Where to start with this one? In the summer of 2000 wedged between The Patriot and Shaft was a movie titled, Gone in 60 Seconds. This movie was supposed to be a flop when critics found out that Mr. Bruckheimer was updating a 1974 B-Flick.<br />He who laughs last! Well so much for the critics, because this movie did anything, but flop. There is a few story lines to follow in this, what should be a classic. The story of a man giving up everything for the good of the family. The tale of two brothers and how they will do anything for each other. Lost love united in the middle of a &quot;boost.&quot; Or a chase with the &quot;unicorn.&quot;<br />Now all of these add for a great movie, but you know what, Memphis (Nicolas Cage) and Eleanor (67 Shelby Mustang GT-500) make the movie. The car he has tried to steal three previous times will the last one in the line of 50 to save his little bro from being killed by Raymond Calitri. What happens is Memphis and Eleanor go for a joyride that will appeal to anyone and make everyone wish they could drive her like Memphis. I still have goose-bumps from just watching it. I will tell you something, I guarantee you the original is not this great, so why don't you get out of your seat, put this movie in the VCR, and hold on, seriously, because you will be laughing, and wanting to grab onto to something! The movie is that good, go find out for yourself!
0767805712|4.0|Here is an actor who is not wasting his time making junk and playing roles beneath his level of talent.  Hawke is consistently picking one intelligent screenplay after another for his leading man vehicles.  So it is gratifying to view one of the most intelligent sci-fi films that I've seen in a long time.  I like sci-fi films but there sure is a lot of junk out there. The premise is ingenious.  Hawke was conceived the old fashioned way, in the back seat of a car without his parents using any genetic planning.  Hence, when he is tested for his genetic makeup, flaws are detected that have been engineered out of humans, including a predicted early death by heart disease.  Hawke is fated to become a garbage man because of this deficiency when he wants to be a space explorer.  Where there's a will, there's a way.<br /><br />Jude Law plays a paraplegic who donates his genetic material to Hawke so that he can take his identity and get to space.  There is also a romance with Uma Thurman, who Hawke romanced in real life as a result of this movie and then married.  She comes across about the same as usual, which is lovely and articulate.  However, her performance seems stuck on one note with little variation, my usual complaint regarding her performances.  Thus, this did not knock me out as a love story.  That's the only reason this is not a 5 star movie.  The sci-fi aspects are all excellent though.  Hubby, who could care less about the so-so romance aspects, gives it a solid 5.  This is also a visually gorgeous film.  A future world is believably created and it is both stunning and frightening.  Although special effects were used in this, I was not noticing each and every one of them.  This is a compliment; when I am noticing, the magic of filmmaking is not working.<br /><br />Visit my blog with link given on my profile page here or use this phonetically given URL (livingasseniors dot blogspot dot com). Friday's entry will always be weekend entertainment recs from my 5 star Amazon reviews in film, tv, books and music. These are very heavy on buried treasures and hidden gems. My blogspot is published on Monday, Wednesday & Friday.in film, tv, books and music. These are very heavy on buried treasures and hidden gems. My blogspot is published on Monday, Wednesday & Friday.
0767903854|5.0|My husband and I both read In A Sunburned Country before a recent trip to Australia.  The book could never be considered a travel guide, but it did give us a tongue-in-cheek preview of what we would be experiencing. We were surprised at how accurate Bryson's descriptions were, at least to an outsider visiting Australia for the first time.  I would recommend this book to anyone considering a trip to Australia, or just interested in the country.
B00000I9P1|5.0|Other than &quot;Vital Signs&quot;, &quot;When Seconds Count&quot; is also a great AOR album.  &quot;How much love&quot;, &quot;Is this love&quot;, &quot;Man against the world&quot;, and &quot;Oceans&quot; are all very touching.  But in my opinion, the greatest song in this album is &quot;In good faith&quot;.  It is hard for me to find such an excellent band today.
0800128052|5.0|The 1993 film RUDY was such a non-event that it slipped though the theater circuit unnoticed by me. Years later, when faced with an otherwise dreary array of choices at the local video outlet, I focused on it in desperation, which simply demonstrates that the occasional diamond can be discovered among the dregs.<br />RUDY is Daniel \\"Rudy\\" Ruettiger, the son of a blue-collar family in Joliet, whose dream is to play football for the Fighting Irish of Notre Dame. Unfortunately, Rudy is undersized, underskilled, and a virtual lump when it comes to the academic requirements needed for admission to that prestigious university. Graduating from high school, he seems destined, like the other male members of his family, to disappear into the grind of a union job at the local steel mill, never to resurface except in the fall with a brewski in front of the TV to view Saturday's Big Game. However, Rudy's dream verges on the obsessive, and he persists in his efforts against near impossible odds, much to the skepticism of his father and the ridicule of his brothers. Rudy has ... heart, with a capital H.<br />This film is another of those underdog stories beloved by WASP American audiences. However, Sean Astin's performance as our young hero is so likable, so focused, so low key, and so uncomplicated by side plots, that the movie transcends the genre. It's one of those ultimate feel-good tales of the sort perhaps not achieved again until the 1999 release OCTOBER SKY.<br />RUDY is a true story, which took place in the 70's (though presumably pumped up by the Hollywood screen writers). Indeed, if you're one to sit through the credits, you'll note that the real Daniel Ruettiger made a fleetingly brief cameo appearance among the Irish fans towards the end of the film. Mr. Ruettiger, if the events as portrayed are even only half true, honor is due.
B00000I8BX|5.0|How could anyone accuse this band of selling out, let alone compare them to Metallica? (Count me out if you must, but Metallica is one of the worst bands out there - I've said that eversince they formed in '81) Fear Factory has it's own sound, it's not Sepultura, it's not Godflesh, it's Fear Factory.<br /> &quot;Obsolete&quot; doesn't just tell a story, some songs are about real issues, starting from Securitron (Police brutality and compromised privacy) Descent is obviously about hopelessness and angst(a very depressing, but melodic track, one of the best on the album) and Hi-Tech Hate is a very hardcore, angry Anti-War song. (So you know the band is politically and socially active). The industrial samples were haunting as were the mournful echoes in the background by Bell. It's a heavy album, not the sort of heavy you hear in &quot;Nu-metal&quot; nowadays so anyone who hasn't heard any song from this band yet will be surprised about what they hear. <br /> Well worth buying. Get this, and any album from Machine Head, for a perfect headbanger combo.
0679879269|5.0|This is a worthy conclusion to Pullman's series. It is unlike any fantasy novel in print. Pullman-as any good writer will do- keeps readers guessing until the very end. Everything is resolved, though often not as some readers would like it to be. Like it or not, this book is about growing up, a harsh and painful experience for the characters going through it, and Pullman makes you cry every painful tear right along with the characters themselves. And when the characters reach their full maturity and come into their inheritances they realize the truth which is the theme of the book itself-that you have to sacrifice things you truly want to save things you truly believe in. And so everyone who read this book grew and developed. I wholeheartedly believe that reading this book-indeed, all the books in the series-is an experiance you shouldn't miss.<br />P.S.-A note to close-minded people I would like to remind people who write reviews that this book is a work of fiction. Whether or not the beliefs expressed by this book are the ones in truth held by the author is not any business of the people who are reading the book. To berate this book for its decidedly &quot;un-Christian&quot; viewpoint only brings to the surface your own intolerance for other people's opinions. Again, this book is a story, and a rather phenomenal one. People who buy this book should do so for the excellent storyline, character development, description, plot development, and last of all, the ideas expressed by the book that make our minds think and develop.
0393317552|4.0|Very astute and interesting But : 1 All the mystery of the origin of civilization is reduced to down-to-earth factors such as the possibility to raise cattle in favoured areas 2 Mr Diamond has been very impressed because he has met  an intelligent Papuan - That seems to be the key of his  vision of History
B00003A9QL|5.0|This is one of the two best live albums out to date (the other is Unplugged in NY by Nirvana)! The San Fran ochrestra is almost a fifth Metallica! God, just listen to -Human, a brand new song. The orchrestra plays a short little thing, and then comes an some awsome Metallica guitar. I love this album! And it's over 2 hours and 20 minutes long! Two discs of heaven! Buy this album, it's amazing~
B000000W5P|5.0|some girls album is a great album if you are a true stones fan this is a great album to start with i highly recommend it                               jerry from neptune
0441003257|5.0|I stood in the bookstore for hours reading this. I couldn't put it down until I knew how it was going to come out. I mean, you never know in these kinds of comedies whether they're going to destroy the world or not. You just know it will be funny.<br />On a religious note: This is not the Bible. This is first-class entertainment. Don't take it as the Bible. And don't think they're belittling the Bible either. What do you think God gave us imaginations for?<br />Anybody will love this book. Even fundamentalists. Even people who live by Tim LaHaye. You just have to have a sense of humor.
0399146253|2.0|The new installment of Patricia Cornwell's Kay Scarpetta saga continues almost exactly where the last one ended.  The cast of characters is the same, and much old ground is retread.  The early Scarpetta book's had some interesting mystery plots for its readers, but the last few have been character driven. Kay Scarpetta, MD/JD, is a Chief Medical Examiner who thinks she's a detective, often overstepping her boundaries in doing police work beyond her responsibilities.  Facing another major personal crisis when faced with a murder indictment, Dr. Scarpetta attempts to resolve several murder cases revolving around the last novel's plot involving a French-born &quot;Wolfman&quot; who claims innocence.<br />Unlike some of the past few novels which had fast moving, although convoluted, plots, the current book takes its time to get to the action. There are too many detours, including a rehash of plot points from two and three novels back.  Readers new to the Scarpetta books are likely to find it difficult to follow the current installment. Ongoing readers may become impatient waiting for something new to happen before realizing that the peripheral murders and plot points will all be neatly tied up quickly in the end.
0790733226|4.0|Contact is a terrific film on many levels: superficially it's beautifully photographed with ace special effects - many of them I didn't realise were special effects at all until I watched the little feature about how they were made, which surely is the acid test of how good they are.<br />Jodie Foster's performance as a slightly geeky (but secrety rather attractive) scientist is spot on, especially her cheeky rendition of Sagan's own goofy accent, but the remaining characters are cartoonish and a bit theme-functional: for once, the bimbo is a bloke - that Matthew McConaughey's hokey priest is Foster's love interest and intellectual adversary fits nicely with the battle of intellect vs. emotion which is waged throughout the film, but as a credible character he just doesn't stack up. The same is true of Tom Skerrit's Big Bad Boss Who's Only In It For The Glory.<br />For all that, you're certainly left mulling over the notion of contact, in all its manifestations (you know, with little green men, with other human beings, with your lost father, with your spiritual side etc.) throughout, and given that the author of the screenplay was a thoroughly scientific and sceptical chap, the final message is one of surprising humility and irony.<br />Ostensibly the conflict is between science (which needs to know The Truth, whatever the religious consequences) and blind faith. But when the arch-sceptic finally establishes (...or does she?) her argument, can she prove it to a sceptical public?  Quelle dilemma! Lesson learned!
B00003W8NM|5.0|There is so much extra stuff in this edition it's almost too much!!  I don't know where to begin, and I still havent seen it all.
B000005JA8|1.0|Just because something is experimental doesn't mean it's a work of genius!  Don't get me wrong, I love experimental music, but this is a disorganized mess.  I like voices that aren't strictly &quot;good&quot; (like Jeff Mangum's, for example), but Beefheart's voice is horrible.  If you want to hear some GOOD experimental rock, listen to Kukl's &quot;Holidays in Europe&quot;.  And for those of you saying this is the masterpiece of 20th century music, go listen to Schoenberg's &quot;Pierrot Lunaire&quot;, Stravinsky's &quot;The Rite of Spring&quot;, Bartok's &quot;String Quartet #4&quot;, Lutoslawski's &quot;Partita&quot;, Crumb's &quot;Black Angels&quot;, Martinu's &quot;Double Concerto&quot;, Hindemith's &quot;Kammermusik #1&quot;, Ligeti's &quot;Etudes, Book I&quot;, Penderecki's &quot;Threnody for the Victims of Hiroshima&quot;, etc. etc. etc...
B000001EL7|2.0|Despite spawning one of the most famous tours of all time, &quot;Love Gun&quot; is actually a very weak link in KISS's chain. Aside from two classics, &quot;Love Gun&quot; and &quot;I Stole Your Love,&quot; most of this record is total throw-away filler. Songs like &quot;Hooligan,&quot; and &quot;Got Love For Sale&quot; prove beyond a shadow of a doubt that KISS was making too many records too quickly at this point in their career. Even Ace's singing debut, the comical &quot;Shock Me&quot; is a song given more reverence than it ever deserved. Ace would write much better songs on the &quot;Dynasty&quot; and &quot;Unmasked&quot; albums.<br />And for a band on top of the world at this point, the recording quality of &quot;Love Gun&quot; is abysmal. There's no bass worth mentioning, the guitars are soft and tinny and everything sounds like it's at the back of a wind tunnel.<br />Slight mention should go to Gene's somewhat kinky &quot;Almost Human&quot; but people would be better off thinking of &quot;Love Gun&quot; the song than they would remembering &quot;Love Gun&quot; the album.
B000000645|4.0|Some people might compare &quot;The 5000 Spirits&quot; and &quot;The Hangman's Beautiful Daughter&quot; to &quot;Rubber Soul&quot; and &quot;Sgt. Pepper's&quot; (respectively), but I think the real analogy is not with the Beatles but with Jefferson Airplane.  If &quot;5000 Spirits&quot; was like &quot;Surrealistic Pillow&quot;--a second album that really showed how great the band can be--then &quot;Hangman's&quot; is like &quot;Crown of Creation&quot;--some think it's the band's greatest achievement, but I think side 1 is pretty weak.  And in fact, that is true.  I love side 2 of &quot;Hangman's&quot; and I think it's definitely better than &quot;5000 Spirits&quot; (which is difficult), but this is balanced by the far inferior side 1, with the sappiness of &quot;Koeeoaddi There&quot; and the vaguely Monty-Python-like &quot;The Minotaur's Song&quot;.  Of course, the music is still up to their high standards, but I can't ignore these lyrics... it's almost as if as their seriousness became profound, their silliness became inane.  And of course there is the interminable and highly overrated &quot;A Very Cellular Song&quot;--interesting it may be, but it's also quite repetetive, and gospel-type stuff simply doesn't do it for me.
B000007T1M|5.0|after i heard this for the first time, i thought to myself--this cant get any better--until i saw them live
B000050XEI|5.0|This must be what the music in Heaven sounds like! And if it's not - I'm taking my CD player with me!
6305971145|5.0|Anyone buying a copy of this film should really get the wide screen DVD version. The flying sequences are so much better in widescreen as are the scenes in the North Pole toy factory. The &quot;full frame&quot; pan and scan version just can't hold a candle to the widescreen (I have both so have carefully compared them.)<br />There is an excellent director's comment track with questions being asked by the Special Projects Consultant for Anchor Bay (the company distributing the DVD) and answered and expanded upon by the director, Jeannot Szwarc. It is worth the price of the package alone. However there is also a great &quot;making of&quot; feature that was produced as a TV documentary at the time of the theatrical release of the film.<br />This is a really great Christmas film for the whole family. The first hour telling the story of how a simple wood cutter and toy maker become Santa Claus is completely charming. David Huddleston is a wonderful Claus. Dudly Moore is excellent as the elf, Patch, who is into everything and constantly inventing new gadgets. He shows his tender side as he grooms and takes care of the reindeer. It is really tragic that Mr. Moore now has the disease that make it impossible for him to perform any longer. That makes this film that much more of a treasure as it shows him at the top of his form as an actor. (Too bad the producers couldn't have used his musical talents in some way.)<br />John Lithgow is a delightfully hammy villain in the second portion of the film showing the early stages of the character he later does in &quot;Third Rock From The Sun&quot;. The two children are also great, very real and not the cloying poor child actors that could easily have been used.<br />Trim the tree, light a fire in the fireplace, pour an egg nog and enjoy the very special Holiday treat!.
B00004ZB9D|2.0|why do i say kravitz is a bum?: 1) very bad musicianship, he doesn't play guitar better than someone with 6 months training; 2) unoriginal compositions which &quot;borrow&quot; heavily from others; 3) he's a big phoney that's more interested in looking like a rock star than making good music.<br />don't buy this stuff, you're only supporting more bad music from the record labels. and that's something none of us need.<br />just my opinion.
B0000027RL|5.0|Wow, this CD is amazing, and even my parents enjoy it.  It was recommended by my mom and she was right: it is beautiful.  All of the songs are great.  Get this CD, because I don't own a better one
B000002NHN|5.0|One of the reasons I love this cd so much is because the music is so unique.  It has a very Celtic feel to it and she uses so many instruments that you don't usually hear.  The songs are not fast but they have a definite rhythem; you could probably dance to them if you wanted to.<br />In the insert of the CD, Loreena has journal entries from her various travels.  When I first bought the cd, which was way back when &quot;The Mummers Dance&quot; came out, I listened to the CD and read the booklet.  It was amazing how the music makes you feel like you're in another place.<br />The songs are beautiful, powerful, and mesmorizing.  Some people consider music like this to be boring, but this certainly isn't.  Buy the CD!
B000003TA4|5.0|This album exibits some of the best music ever.  Kurt and his band follow in the footsteps of the Beatles and break new music ground in this album.  All post-grunge or post-Nirvana music sounds cheesy compared to the original.  Even in the 21st century, bands are admitting that they were influenced By Nirvana.  This album broke through genre barriers, even people who listen to R&amp;B and rap have heard of Nirvana.  The lead singer may be dead, the band may not be together any more, but the legend lives on.
B000001DTM|5.0|Es un album espectacular , lo mejor de U2 . Desde ZOO STATION hasta ONE .
B00000JMOF|4.0|This movie is yet another horror lanmark from the 30's. And when you watch it, you can't help but recognize all the famous scenes. From the &quot;It's alive&quot; line, through Frankenstein throwing the girl in the lake, to him burning in the mill, everything reminds of that era at the beginning of cinema. I guess it must have been scary at the time it came out. Boris Karloff does look spooky. But now, after The Exorcist, Halloween, and other fabulously scary horror movies, this 1-hour flick can't do much to my nerves. Actually, can't do anything. Even so, it is very entertaining, but make sure you don't watch it expecting to be frightened.
B00004Z4WR|5.0|I am in a[...] movie was truly amazing. It feautured some of the hottest cars around, with a little bit of comedy, tons of action, little drama, and romance. If you like hot looking cars, and action..then this is the movie for you. The critics gave it a bad review, I have no idea why. But everyone makes mistakes. Amazing movie.
0399146253|1.0|One star is too high. Save your money and don't buy the book
B00004YRQA|5.0|This is the best memory card available. Although it is not the cheapest, it is the most reliable. I use this one without any problems. I have a friend who used the MadCatz one, and returned it, I guess he had some pleoblems. I do know that MadCatz had some problems with the memory card for the original Playstation: the stored files got erased occasionally. This memort card is you best bet.
0812589041|4.0|Enders' Games, by Orson Scott Card, describing a bright, young boy who is train with a powerful skill to help saving the Earth from the attack of aliens, which are known for the Buggers.  Ender Wiggin became unbeatble through out the practice battles and in war games.   Enders, which were born to be a &quot;Third&quot;, are always being treated badly by his older brother, Peter.  His image of Peter give him a impression of being in the battle, he need to know he would have to protect himself from gietting hurt from anyones.  Valentine, Ender's sister.  Who Ender only love, give him a invesible power which kept him going in the battle school.  So he know that he would have to fight the buggers, in order to save Valentine from getting hurt.  Card described how Ender were struggling between the fact that he need to continue on, yet on the other side of him, he just want to be normal child.  Who would suffering love from the parent.  On the other hand, Valentine and Peter were raising power in the newspaper column, to help themselves being notice.  In battle school, one group of children, trying to be military geniuses to saved the plante being attack.  Going through battle practice with different armies everyday. Card wrote a wonderful literature which it pass a message how children can be a intelligen creatures and full with humanity.  It is a piece of literature which the plot can carry our motion and fantastic imagination about the battle fields.  It is a joy to read this book, the interesting and surprising characters.  Strongly recommand if you like science fiction.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Today I popped in this cd remembering buying it way back when for Paranoid Android, an amazing song with a very very cool music video. I listened to that song and maybe like one or two others and put the cd away. I heard good things about Kid A and decided to put this cd into my discman when i had nothing else to do in the car. Incredible album. Breathtaking. For 54 minutes I could think nothing but &quot;wow, this is how all music should be&quot;. A band that's guitars reflect something like Nirvana and vocals reflect something like Tool or Deftones, Radiohead has it all. Every song on this album is good. From the epic Paranoid Android, the debut single, to the at least interesting Airbag (the guitars make this song worth it), to the hard rock political piece &quot;Electioneering&quot; which I am very surprised Rage didn't put on their covers album (they really should've covered this song). &quot;No Surprises&quot; &quot;Karma Police&quot; &quot;Climbing Up The Walls&quot; and &quot;Let Down&quot; are all incredibly catchy pieces that will stick with you forever. Radiohead on their third album are fitter, happier, and more productive than just about anything I've ever heard. Buy this thing.
B0000009SY|3.0|It may be something of a dissenting opinion, but to me this concept album hasn't aged well. Some of the compositions (based on live vamps) are nice, like the last few minutes of Packard Goose, Catholic girls, Stick it out and Outside now.<br />Water melon in Easter Hay is the most beautiful melody ever to be played on this side of Schubert (and accounts for star # 3 on its own)and Ike Willis' voice is in fine form throughout, but on the whole I find this album a bit silly. The Scrutinizer bits are all over the place, neccessary to get the story across perhaps but downright silly.<br />The point he wants to make is better expressed on other albums (notably Broadway) and songs. The sterile sound doesn't help either. It is amazing for instance how most of the songs improve in their live versions. The title track for instance is a must hear on YCDTOSA III.<br />Easy listening with a lyrical twist. Daring for your parents perhaps but not audacious enough musically compared to most of his other stuff
B000007OY0|5.0|I remember watching the last five minutes of the Shawshank Redemption on cable TV to watch the movie played after it.  I didn't think much about it till I was out shopping the next month or so and the video of the Shawshank redemption was on special at a very low price, so I bought it.  It wasn't really meant for me, but for my dad who likes those dramatic-jailbreak movies.  That night everyone was out doing something, so I decided to watch it.<br />First off, I cannot watch a full movie by myself as I tend to wander off and do something else without even realising it.<br />Secondly I really didn't like what I assumed was &quot;this kind of movie&quot;.<br />Well I watched it right through and cried too!  I love this movie and I have forced my entire family to watch it over and over again.  My younger sister thinks it's close to torture but since she is only a 11 year old, it's taken like water off a ducks back. The movie is a smooth flowing masterpiece that keeps your brain working at it's cleverly thought out story and plot twists. I love it, it's definetly one of my all-time favourite movies!
B000050XEI|4.0|The impression one receives on a first listen-through of Enya's 2000 release is how different the album is from her earlier work.  It's not otherworldly, not particularly mystical or mysterious, and it has nothing to do with aether.  Indeed, I doubt whether one can properly call the music 'new age'.  But--amazingly enough, for those of us longtime fans who identified her music with that strange, primal quality which it typically possessed--the new Enya captivates no less than before.  Though &quot;A Day Without Rain&quot; is certainly still Enya's work, she applies her trademark style differently than she had in the past.  The multivocal has lost the omnipresence which characterized &quot;Shepherd Moons&quot;, and the songs lack the elemental authority which gave &quot;Watermark&quot; its power--nor is the bittersweet melancholia which pervades both those albums so prevalent in this newest effort of hers.  There is, then, no &quot;Book of Days&quot;, no &quot;Cursuum Perficio&quot;, no &quot;Ebudae&quot; on this album: Enya's earlier work thematized the peculiarity of her musical style, but here that style is integrated with a lyrical theme.  With the exception of &quot;Tempus Vernum&quot; (an ominous-sounding but underdeveloped piece), the whole album has a placid air about it--the result of a reflective turn in both the music and the lyrics.  Enya's songs have become a conveyance for meaning, as well as powerful emotion.  But despite this new, intellectual-sounding emphasis in her work, there are jewels in this album which prove that Enya can move her listeners as effectively as ever:  The title track is perhaps her finest effort in the instrumental / abstract vocal style.  &quot;Wild Child&quot; calls a sense of inner unity and joy up out of childhood; &quot;Only Time&quot; makes the listener feel his or her suitable smallness before fate.  &quot;Fallen Embers&quot; evokes yearning after lost love; &quot;One by One&quot;, sympathy and a little bewilderment on behalf of the lovelorn.  But the album's real gem is &quot;Flora's Secret&quot;, a thought on love, whose sound literally soars--something Enya's music has rarely, if ever, done before.  Although this album does lack something of the bounteous variety of earlier ones (and though Roma Ryan does pen a occasional irritating rhyme) the sameness does not become stale; if anything, there is superfluidity of beauty!  Though I, personally, still prefer Enya's original new age sound, I would not do without &quot;A Day Without Rain&quot;.  In it Enya brings to her unique style a fresh focus, which makes something genuinely new and wonderful of it.
0440219078|4.0|The Giver, by Lois Lowry, is an excellent book for readers of all ages. The plot and the themes work together beautifully to keep the reader both intrigued and guessing. You find yourself appreciating your own world and the things we so easily take for granted. The Giver shows us a world without feeling and without emotion, and one cannot help but think about ways in which our own world is also devoid of such basic necessities in life. This book will entertain, but also educate the reader about the ways in which society as a whole can so directly affect each one of us as individuals. I highly recommend this book to any reader above the age of 11.
B0000009RT|5.0|Start your career with a double album and never look back. This album deserves a plce in any music lover's collection (and will probably make the rest look silly by comparison). The one that started at all and still means a lot to me. Not everybody in the 60 was an idealistic druggy hippy... The bands Zappa played with got better, but the statements made here carry a lot of weight.
B00004XONN|5.0|Radiohead has finally gotten away from the aura of &quot;Creep&quot; they had going.  I'm sure even when some people listened to OKC they thought there would be some PH/Bends like stuff on it.  But this... this is different.  When I first put it in my stereo I couldn't believe what I heard.  The strange eerie synthesizers of &quot;Everything in the Right Place&quot;, along with Thom's mutilated voice added a strange mystique which kind of set the album for me.      If you're expecting anything like OK Computer you won't find it.  If you are open-minded enough, and appreciate a wide variety of music, then you will LOVE this album.  I recommend it
B000003TAW|5.0|I wasn't really a Weezer fan until I listened to this CD. This is one of the rare CD's that every song beginning to end becomes your favorite. If you need a good mood this is the CD.
0553106635|5.0|I LOVE THIS SERIES! I am so impressed with everything George R.R. Martin has done so far with this series.  The characters are incredibly compelling and the plot is deliciously thick.  There are so many twists and turns in this book that you have to brace yourself for the constantly new developments! But I love it.  This book made me laugh out loud, made me cry, made me angry, made me nervous...you name it.  A fantastic triumph in fantasy writing! I can't wait for the next one! If you are reading this review than you've probably already read the first two...don't worry.  You won't be disappointed!
B0000009TK|5.0|With his best band (together with the Roxy era), including once again mostly jazz musicians and some of his more difficult tunes FZ makes one of his best records ever. He uses the band as an instrument, and gives familiar songs a new twist. heBizet part in Big Zwifty is great. Stevie's spanking is not as good as on YCDTOSA IV but is still a rocker on one of his best vamps ever. When Yuppies go to hell is more a construction than a composition or improvisation but an amazing piece of work nonetheless.
0679879269|5.0|Being an avid reader, I will read almost anything.  Several years ago mt sister receivd The Golden Compass as a gift, and later gave it to me to read.  After finishing it, I immediately read The Subtle Knife, and have been waiting fo about two years for The Amber Spyglass.      After I finished the book, it was confirmed in my mind that Pullman is certainly one of the greatest writers in our generation.  In TAS, his description is wonderful, and things seem to come alive of the page.  His ability to make absolutely everything except for a few inevitaable details the same at the end as it was at the beginning is truly fascinating.       However, this book is extremely heretical.  God wasn't even the creator, and the rebel angels (not Satan) are the good guys.  I wouldn't recommend letting younger children read it, but being only thirteen years old, I can't really judge.       There were parts during the book where I laughted, I cried, and there were event times when I didn't know what to feel.  At the end, even though at first I felt that the separation was extremely unjust, it was just as it should be.  This book is absolutely everything a book should be, and should be considered one of this [century's] literary masterpieces.
B000002BBY|5.0|Oasis is nothing less than a terrific rock band. Some people say that they don't like them because they are &quot;bad boys&quot; with &quot;attitude&quot;. Well maybe they are, but that doesn't take away from their music. With their fantastic guitar riffs, melodic songs...everything; even the 2 &quot;Swamp Song&quot; interludes...(which are un-named in the album) are great. There really is no filler on this album. It's great listening from beginning to end. Noel Gallagher is also a super songwriter and all-round musician.
0553573403|5.0|I randomly picked this off the bookstore shelf about a year ago, having no idea what it was about or what to expect.  Well...let's just say I devoured it in about 48 hours! I fell in love with this book.  It was just one of those books that you pick up and can't put down to the very end.  I love Martin's style of writing, his development of the characters, and his fantastic plot building.  I have already read the next two in this fabulous series and it just gets better from here.  I highly recommend A Game of Thrones to any true fantasy fan! You won't be disappointed!
B000002J1F|4.0|Very similar to CttE, but with the addition of some silly solo 'projects' which only in Howe's case add up to something worthy of the Yes name. This would not stimuate people to buy any actual solo albums, I think...
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Even though I probably have most of the singles on this album, I couldn't help but buy it. It's the BEATLES, folks. However, I was really upset to see so many really classic Lennon songs left out. Strawberry Fields, Revolutions, Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds...I know it was just the number one singles, but... Anyway. It's amazing to me that a band that has been broken up for so long can still sell millions and millions of CDs within the first week. Unreal....
B000002MY3|5.0|I think that Alanis really does have one of the most unique voices in music today. Whether belting out her anger, or singing quieter songs, her voice has a certain magic. And if you have ever seen her in concert you can just see how much she loves to sing. To see her perform is a joy. She puts all her heart and soul into everything she sings and her love for singing shines through. She is also a very skillful songwriter and musician. For one so young she has immense talent. Her lyrics are very intelligent and deep, and to be able to play piano, guitar, harmonica and flute on top of all that, well, what a talent! She's everything in one package, as well as very pretty. Amazing.
B000002NZO|5.0|Trepass is my favorite Genesis record. It doesn't have the humor of later albums like Nursery Cryme (Harold The Barrel) or the popular classic like Foxtrot (Watcher of the Skies, Supper's Ready), but it does contain six serious, brilliant, and beautiful tracks. Whereas other Genesis albums include fillers (Foxtrot's &quot;Horizon's,&quot; Nursery Cryme's &quot;For Absent Friends&quot; and &quot;Harlequin,&quot; Selling England By The Pound's &quot;After the Ordeal&quot; and several from The Lamb) every track on this album is wonderful. The first three tracks (all seven minutes long) are beautiful, melodic tracks.  &quot;Stagnation&quot; in anything but stagnant.  Slow and beautiful building up to a jamming keyboard solo, slowing down again and then building up to Gabriel yelling &quot;I Want to Sit Down! I Want a Drink&quot;! and then to the ending part that was used in later live shows. &quot;Dusk&quot; is a dark song with beautiful backing vocals and flute.  The last track &quot;The Knife&quot; is probably the most well-known (being on Genesis-Live). It is the most powerful track Genesis ever did, in my opinion. I always picture Peter Gabriel taking on the image of [some despot] &quot;Some of you are going to die! Martyrs of course to the freedom that I shall provide!.&quot;  The opening keyboards are like a call to war!  If you like Genesis' early works but do not have this one, I highly recommend it. You will not be disappointed!
B0000009TT|5.0|In one neat 3 cd package this summarized FZ's career up to that point (later excursions into Synclavier territory are absent here). From heavy metal riffing to comedy music, from chamber music to pop ditties, from provocations to to improvisations this is Frank at his best. Great musicianship and essential for any serious music fan.
0060196122|5.0|I picked this book up on a whim, and it surpassed all my expectations.  It is not for everyone, but will certainly to speak to all of us that have grown up with ideals only to see our lives stuck in the hopelessness of middle class life.  In a very unique way the author leads you to question the direction that your life might be heading towards.  To use an old cliche, &quot;it is a real eye opener&quot;.<br />The book may not enlighten everyone, because not everyone has reached the stage in their life that the protagonist has.  Veronika is herself a strong character that refuses to accept life's apparent destinies.  Many people try not to stop to think where their lives are going, and instead marry, have kids, etc. because they feel that it is something that they just must do.  For all of us that think indepenedently and not follow the herd mentality, that increasingly affects our society, this is our book.
B000002HRE|3.0|have a lasting power! I was mesmerized by Unforgiven II, The Memory Remains, and Fuel and Low Man's Lyric. I don't think Metallica is selling out, but this is a different Metallica from the Cliff Burton days. Now, I can only pretend to like Unforgiven II, and Memory, Fuel.
0380713802|1.0|Not much joy here as Bryson, an American Anglophile infected with Europhobia, whines and whinges his way across Europe.  Bryson takes us to Stockholm where he complains about the quality of the Italian cuisine. We stop in major European cities where Bryson refreshes himself with a carbonated, caramelized caffeine drink or with typical American standby hambuger and fries as if Europe's kitchens could offer no better. We share the fights and slights of times past when Bryson flashes back to another Eurovoyage with an equally disagreeable companion. Curiously or perhaps understandably Bryson meets no one who doesn't bore him or anyone he doesn't crown &quot;the most boring...&quot;. Other critics' views are altogether too generous but read it if you must.
B00001OH7O|5.0|Although I prefer the Berlin years, this one stands out from his early work. Beautifully crafted and very well executed, this was David Bowie on the rise. Very nice songs and really the modest beginnings of glam rock
B000050XEI|5.0|This is a fine collection of Enya's work.  It is typical of her music and her captivating voice.  I listen to it evey night and I am glad that I bought it.
0783226063|1.0|I found this movie to be an Abomination (with apologies to St. Alia-of-the-Knife), from its Weirding modules which remove the significance of the Fremen fighting abilites to Paul's apparent god-like ability to cause rain.  The whole point (or rather one of them) of the novel and its sequels is the danger and resulting evil in a mortal human assuming a religious mantle; that is what destroys Paul and his family.  Here it appears he actually is a god, which makes him a much simpler and less interesting character.<br />The dialogue is clumsy, the voice-over thoughts of the characters are annoying.  I almost walked out of this movie in the theater it was so unwatchable.  Save your money and wait for the Sci-Fi version on DVD!<br />The Sci-Fi attempt is much more faithful to the tone of the novel.  The most glaring deviation is the extended involvement of the Princess Irulan, but I found this to not distract from the overall story and an interesting replacement for her writing excerpts which introduce most of the novel's chapters.<br />Another reviewer complained about the Sci-Fi movie having Sardaukar killing Paul's son Leto as a deviation from the novel.  This is not true, it _is_ in the novel.  Paul and Chani's first son Leto is killed in the novel, the twins Leto and Ghanima are born later in &quot;Dune Messiah&quot;.
0060977264|1.0|As a Brazilian woman, I totally fail to understand the appeal Paulo Coelho has throughtout the world.  I am so sad that he is the best selling author that Brazil has exported.  Keep in your mind: he is not the best author Brazil has!  To evaluate Brazilian literature, please read Jorge Amado and then you'll be able to evaluate the riches of our literature!
B0000009S3|5.0|First solo album in a way, and an album designed to win new fans over withound soundeing too compromising. Beautiful first track which may well be the only fully composed piece. The other tunes contain great improvised parts, especially the Gumbo variations and Willie the Pimp (with the Captain at his most accessible). Great record to return to every once in a while
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Well, music lovers. Beatles are the most influent band of the 20th century. That's a fact. I love Stones, Who, Marvin Gaye, Stevie Wonder, but, the Fab 4 remains untouchable, like Monalisa or the Cistine Chappel's roof. From the innocent times of Love Me Do and She Loves You, going throug the maturiry on Day Tripper or Ticket To Ride, reaching the psichedelic moods of Penny Lane and Lady Madonna to the emotional sunset of Get Back or The Long and Winding Road, ALL that you need to know is right here. Of course you MUST hear What's Going On (by Marvin Gaye), Beggar's Banquet (by Rolling Stones) and Who Are You (by Who), but Beatles to music are like Chaplin to movies: unanimous. Essencial for everyone.
0782008372|1.0|This disc has one of my favorite 'guilty pleasure' movies on it - unfortunately, the quality is worse than my VHS copy. The video is poorly compressed, the sound is so variable that no sound designer could ever have dreamed of such an atrocity, and the overall quality of the presentation is lacking at best. This is a hack job. Folks, there is a reason this disc sells for 10 bucks - and it's not because it's *that* bad of a movie. The only worse disc I've ever seen is &quot;Metropolis&quot; - and at least that movie was 70 years old. Avoid this disc; go w/VHS.
B000002KCC|4.0|Depressing brilliance. Nothing else to add. Give this a listen without possible overdoses nearby. This record does not make you happy, but it makes you respect Young's honesty.
B000002UAR|1.0|This is certainly one of the poorest albums ever made. No track can be considered outstanding. The musical prowess of the Beatles, never strong at the best of times,(witness the abysmal guitar and drum &quot;solo's&quot; on &quot;The End&quot;, is laid painfully bare on this album. Without the energy of their early songs, these tracks hang by the slimmest of melodies and the weakest musical hooks. <br />Truly a weak and disappointing effort.
B0000009RX|5.0|Together with Sgt Pepper this is the 60's. And, actually this album has aged a hell of a lot better than Sgt Pepper which documents 1967. WOIIFTM documents 1967 as seen from 1957, 1967, 1977, 1987, 1997 and it will still be perfect in 2007. This is post WW II pop culture at its finest.
B00004TS0E|5.0|I love that this remake didn't sell out very much, and put in too much modern stuff.  It is very successful in keeping a &quot;traditional&quot; feel, with only a few exceptions.  Mara Wilson is absolutely delightful and classic in her performance, and I really like Elizabeth Perkins' reproduction of the original role.  And Dylan McDermott, whom I typically find very flat and dull, is sweet and charming as the sincere bachelor attorney with an eye for Perkins.<br />Richard Attenborough is amazing as Santa, at least as good as the formidable original.  The scene in the original featuring Santa visiting with the Dutch war refugee girl is replaced in this remake with Santa visiting with a little deaf girl.  The scene in the original is about as sweet as any scene in any movie ever, and the remake is even sweeter!  The deaf girl's face, when Santa talks to her in sign language, is absolutely worth the price of this DVD.<br />The only real weakness for me was the John DeLancie and Jane Leeves part of the movie, as two &quot;evil&quot; agents for the &quot;enemy&quot; department store (where all the upper management wears all black).  They reminded me of Joe Pesci and Daniel Stern from &quot;Home Alone&quot; -- sort of bumbling bad guys in a bad cartoon sort of way.<br />So all in all, I really think that this version is as good or better than the original, which is simply too dated in a few respects for me to be able to enjoy unconditionally.  I think both of them are definitely worth owning.
B000002J20|3.0|Trippy lyrics (I keep coming back to it) tend to make one trip in the end. As a period piece OK; the music is still up to standards, but on the whole it sounds too much like they had a plan: Let's make a double with only 4 songs! Yeah, great! You know what? Let's make these songs refer to each other, to make it a suite, or one song actually. OK, let's go!<br />Rick Wakeman was right in ordering pizzas onstage during live performances of this one. Yes, good music CAN go over the top!
0440219078|5.0|THE GIVER is an edge of your seat reader, which will not alllow you to put it down. It is a book in which describes the life of a 12 year old boy, who lives in a future community with his family unit. He is assigned a job which is one among the community, and he is trained by the giver.The community in which this excellent book takes place in, has climate control, where it is never hot, and it is never cold. The've never seen rain;the've never seen snow. Read and find out about this good but bad, adventrous story, and like I said;you will never want it to end.
B00004SPRN|2.0|Compared to similar albums (Harvest, Harvest Moon and Comes a time) this is easily the least inspired. After a string of beautiful albums starting after his work on American Dream in 1988 with Freedom up to 1994's Sleeps with angels Neil Young in my opinion suffered some serious writier's block. Not essential and not very rewarding i.m.o.
0684853523|4.0|On Writing splits into three sections: growing up and how he developed an interest in writing; tips on preferred writing practice; how writing helped him cope after his road accident. <br />The book was interesting in that SK recognises that quality writing occurs when the story isn't driven by a ruthlessly predetermined plot but is formed through a process of suggestion as a seed idea is laid down and worked upon - a process that is at the heart of any good design. On the other hand, SK doesn't recognise how limited his own writing is, as the `worked' example at the end of the book clearly shows; a discrepancy that occurs in titles such as Nightmares and Dreamscapes, and Gerald's Game. <br />In Nightmares and Dreamscapes the broad range of subject matter lacks credibility, and in many cases comes across as competent exercises. There's a distinct lack of heart/truthfulness/projection of personality. In Gerald's game he chickened out and inserted a completely unnecessary character  - the psycho with the bag of bones - into what was a terrific story.<br />I enjoyed reading On Writing. But I prefer Danse Macabre.
B0000009SI|4.0|This was jazz and/or glam rock as interpreted by FZ. One of his best bands ever (even better on stage, listen to YCDTOSA II). The Yelow snow suite is still hilarious. Also unique title track co-composed by Jack Bruce and Jim Gordon (of Derek and the Dominoes fame). All was not hopeless in the pre punk mid 70's as this album goes a long way to prove.
B000002HRE|1.0|See, &quot;Load&quot; was originally conceived of as a double CD, but then the band decided to hold off on half of the songs and release them later, hence the release of &quot;Reload.&quot; In other words, open up kids, have some leftovers.<br />Basically, what we have here is a continuation of the embarrassing boogie rock of &quot;Load.&quot; I remember listening to &quot;Memory Remains&quot; the first time, thinking, &quot;Hey, this is actually not too bad.&quot; Then that god-awful &quot;na na na&quot; chant kicked in. Yikes. And the problem is, most songs here are like that: great potential, no payoff.<br />And other times, the band's just recycling stuff from the Black Album and &quot;Load.&quot; &quot;Unforgiven II?&quot; Pwaahahahahahahahahahahahaaha. I rest my case.<br />This is sad. Break out the black clothing, it's time to begin mourning a band's artistic death.
B0000009TJ|5.0|Another album from his last live band (apart from the Ensemble Modern of course, but that's another beast). Zomby Woof is great here, and so is the OSFA suite (Florentine Pogen through to Sofa #1). Although I cannot listen to Stairway to heaven to often (reggae tends too bore me) this quintessentially what cobvers should do: add something to the original, instead of covering it to make an easy hit. Great musicianship throughout, and social commentary at its best. Essential purchase of FZ live.
B000002H2H|3.0|The huge step forward since the debut album is obvious immediately when you put on \\"Ride the Lightning.\\" James Hetfield's vocals are tougher, more confident; ...  and the songs themselves are beginning to branch out into more complex structures and melodies.<br />But the problem may be that a good chunk of the album is just an extension of the fist-pumping silliness from \\"Kill 'Em All.\\" The difference, of course, was that we expect that kind of stuff on a debut album when the musicians don't really have any idea what they're doing, and on Metallica's first album the guys seemed to be having a blast. On \\"Ride the Lightning,\\" the musicianship has improved drastically, yet the songs themselves are stuck in heavy metal fairy tale settings. (\\"Trapped Under Ice\\" and \\"Creeping Death\\" are particularly embarrassing.) It would take another album for the band -- particularly the songwriting talents of the late bassist Cliff Burton -- to reach maturity.
B000002J1H|3.0|If you like Yes, both Fragile and Keys period, be aware! in the middle they lost their way and tried to camouflage it with this one. <br />The cover, like Tormato is unlike Yes, and so is the music. The title track is great (but better on Keys) and Awaken seems to fit in the line of long Yessongs, but on the whole the track, and most of the other tracks are played routinely, as if they had somehow given up. Luckily there was more to come in the 90's...
B000002HMH|2.0|Metallica continues its quest to reach new listeners and \\"broaden its musical palate.\\" Meanwhile, longtime fans can only shake their heads in pity at the second-rate boogie rock and Danzig-wannabe posturing on \\"Load.\\" Trying to listen to Metallica swing its way through midtempo and slow songs is nothing short of sheer torture. With each track, I have to scream \\"Faster, play it faster!\\" Nowhere is this more apparent than on \\"Bleeding Me,\\" which keeps threatening to turn into another classic like \\"One,\\" until it runs out of steam toward its finale. <br />Yes, it's fine if musicians expand upon their sound. We encourage it. But when a metal band starts convincing itself that it's the heir to the Allman Brothers, then they need to be set aright.
B000002KCC|4.0|Depressing brilliance. Nothing else to add. Give this a listen without possible overdoses nearby. This record does not make you happy, but it makes you respect Young's honesty.
B000002H33|5.0|Here it is, Metallica's opus. I don't need to run through the songs one by one because anyone who listens to heavy music already knows them anyway. Here we find the guys continuing to refine their musicianship, playing intricate songs that change time and direction at the drop of a hat, while the songwriting reaches unachieved heights. Burton's solo on \\"Orion\\" is utterly chilling, and Hetfield shouts like a man deranged throughout the album. Hammett and Ulrich were never better. Sometimes we have to wonder where Metallica might have gone from here; sadly, with the passing of Cliff Burton, we can never know.
B000002KDG|5.0|Weld is better in my opinion, but here it is nice to hear the two Neil Youngs (troubadour and grunger) on one disc.
B000009QO6|3.0|From the ashes of failed 1980s band Samhain rose the eponymously named Danzig. This first album is a robust collection of blues-flavored hard rock centered around Glenn's stirring vocals and crunchy John Christ guitar riffs. Not a lot of variation here from song to song; each song boasts a fairly simple riff and the expected sing-a-long Danzig lyrics about death and murder. Despite that, the album is delightfully non-pretentious, and the whole thing clocks in barely past the 40-minute mark, so it doesn't have time to wear out its welcome. And just like in his punk days with the Misfits, Glenn has a keen understanding of pop music; these songs may be heavy and dark, but they're also darn catchy. One listen and you'll be humming half of these tunes in the shower, in the car or at work.
B000002J1I|2.0|For completists only. They were adapting to punk with shorter songs and found they did not have enough to say for use in short songs. I own it but I never listen to it. Their luck woould change however.
B000009QOC|4.0|Glenn and Co. deliver on the promise shown on their debut CD, delivering 11 more blues-oriented guitar rock songs geared toward the Goth in all of us. A good chunk of the tunes here are still cut from the same cloth as those from the debut: crunchy guitar riffs and Jim Morrision-esque bellowing dominate the proceedings. But here, as some of the material delves even further in heavy blues, the songwriting is a cut above, whether Glenn's singing about the mysterious one and &quot;Her Black Wings&quot; or crooning about a &quot;Devil's Plaything&quot; and &quot;Pain in the World.&quot; Odd as it may sound, you can actually picture Elvis Presley (whom Glenn has said many times was a large influence on his music) performing a lot of these songs; Glenn and his crew here owe a great deal to the King's swagger and rebelliousness.
B000002J1C|4.0|They had defined their sound and would mercilessly stick to it. I'm actually glad that they did: good music, strange (well, silly) lyrics and a commitment to thunderous viruosity. Like Pink Floyd they tend to sound like modern day Wagner with their great use of dynamics. Great early 70's music
B000002H6C|3.0|The deck was firmly stacked against Metallica by the time \\"Justice\\" was released in '88. Cliff Burton, the band's shining star, was gone; in his place was the acceptable if unremarkable Jason Newsted. The band elected to make \\"Justice\\" something approaching prog-metal, with ever-complex song structures and themes about injustice and social evil. When the formula works, we get majestic tunes like \\"Blackened,\\" the title track, \\"Harvester of Sorrow\\" and the album's centerpiece, \\"One.\\" <br />The sad thing is that at least four of these songs on the album are filler; they're loud, certainly, and well-played, and that's about it. I hit the skip key a lot whenever I play this CD. <br />I take that back, the really sad thing is how awful the production is, as many before me have already commented. There's practically no bass, the drums sound like they were recorded over a long-distance phone extension, and the guitars just hum instead of roar. Listen to Slayer's epic \\"Seasons in the Abyss\\" for an example of how \\"Justice\\" might have sounded had it been better produced.
B00002R0MC|5.0|I have been a reggae and dub lover since I was knee high to a grass-hopper. Lots of brilliant and influential artists have emerged from the studio's and small town labels of Jamaica. The Disciples, Augustus Pablo, Aba-Shante, Beres Hammond...the list is endless, and they have all played an important role in what is a very rich and influential style of music. It has to be said though, that the most influential and important reggae artist of them all was the one and only Bob Marley. His music was so wide reaching that even non-hardened reggae fans and indeed music fans of all styles had a favourite Bob Marley song. From the soulful to the rock-steady beats - this man had it covered. This box set successfully manages to capture the whole magic of his work and satisfy the ears of the total Bob Marley fan as well as introducing his lesser known works to the legions of fans who are thirsty for more. The partnerships of Bob Marley and Bunny Wailer (a great artist in his own right) and the rest of the crew shine on and today are left unchallenged. This album is simply a must, if not just to hear the remastered 12&quot; mixes of the dance floor classics like 'Could you be loved' and 'Exodus'. If you already own 'Legend' then you only have a small part of the legacy left by the great man himself - and you need to add this box-set to your collection to fully appreciate his talents. Don't hesitate -just order it. The presentation, booklet and packaging are exemplory and make this set worth every penny. Rasta-Fari!  Rest in peace Bob.
0553579908|5.0|Everything I said in my review of Book One is true for this one as well, only more so.<br />This has to be the most unpredictable fantasy series ever written.  When a Major Character [to put it mildly] got killed off in Book One, I knew it was hopeless to try to figure out what was going to happen next, and I was right.  A villain turns out to be a [sort of, at least] good guy in disguise.  A nice guy turns out to be nasty.  A weak-kneed girl isn't really.  The all-powerful witch isn't all-powerful.  The Two Boys in the Tower are, as expected, killed.  Or are they?<br />Clearly based on The War of the Roses era in English History, this series nevertheless manages to be universal.  It's about ALL politics and ALL politicians, not just Richard the Third and his cousins.  It's about every family who ever feuded.<br />I am trying to force myself to wait for the paperback edition of book three, but may not make it!
B00004Z459|5.0|i had heard 'one step closer' once or twice and happened to see this cd in the store when i was in the mood for something harder so i bought it and i'm so pleased that i did.  i really think this is one of the best rap-core type albums to come out in a while.  limp bizkit has long over stayed their welcome as far as i'm concerned, crazy town is pretty weak, and pod just doesn't have the right edge for me.  but linkin park has what i was looking for, a good mix of rap and rock lyrics and music.  there are times when the vocals are almost metal like screaming and they might switch to nearly straight rap the next minute, and the music is varied as well.  another thing i really appreciated about this album is how clean the language is.  it is really refreshing to find a bunch of guys who can rock hard without needing to use foul language just for the sake of putting curses in.  for that alone, i would give them five stars.  but they earn it anyway as far as i'm concered by taking elements that they've obviously taken from others and using them well as their own music.
0553573403|5.0|Occasionally a book or series of books comes along that rises far above its 'pigeonhole' genre.  (Think Scott Turow among the Courtroom Dramas.  Think Edith Pargeter or Tony Hillerman among the Mysteries.)<br />This is one of those books.  It is as far above the ordinary Sword and Sorcery tale as Pride and Prejudice is above the standard Romance.<br />Character driven, rather than 'plotted out on a plot chart,' this Song of Fire and Ice series promises to be a classic.  I was already a huge George R. R. Martin fan anyway, because of his science fiction, scarce though it is.  Dying of the Light is one of the five or six top science fiction works of all time, in my opinion.  And of course the award-winning short story A Song for Lya is rightly considered a classic in that genre.  Now Martin has brought his huge talent to bear on the Fantasy genre, and in doing so has raised it to heights unvisited since Tolkien.  [Maybe it's no coincidence they both have the doubled R.R. for their middle names!]<br />But it's nothing like Tolkien in style.  Where that series grows out of comparative-language studies, this one grows out of an understanding of politics.  In fact, the history of the English monarchy is now much clearer to me than ever before, although this is supposedly fiction!  The intrafamilial squabble-turned-deadly that characterizes the history of England is here turned into unforgettable high drama.  The hints of magic and dragon-lore only add spice to the mixture.  This series is not only for the fantasy fan, it is also for the history student, the devotee of psychological suspense, and the philosopher.<br />Although it is the beginning of a series [and I can hardly wait to read book three], it can stand alone as a pseudo-historical tragedy as well.  If you can be moved at all by prose, the beauty and power of this book will break your heart.
6302518423|4.0|I read a review which tagged Peter Greenaway as anti-sensualist. I thought &quot;How can this be?&quot; The director pays as much attention to sensual detail-suffused imagery as anyone. Now I get it. The overwhelming, churned, assaulting cesspool of worldliness in The Cook, The Thief, His Wife, &amp; Her Lover and Prospero's Books is meant as a rejection of that which is depicted. The most benign scenes in Greenaway's films (of which I've seen four) are those with the most comparatively spare settings, the least layered minimalist pellmell, the least screaming. Indulgence in the corporeal is rejected, even as the fleshy intricate clockwork ticktocks through revenge tale-horror. Those who would visit wrong on others, or indulge themselves into oblivion, get what they deserve.<br />The problem with a film like this (even though I dig it) is that as it points up the value of humanism (in the face of oppressive worldliness, the only meaning is to be found through positive interaction with others), yet its examples of that humanism are necessarily poisoned by the bile from which they've risen. For art that broaches the subject, I want to come away with something as simple as Nicholson in As Good As It Gets: I want to say to the director's vision, &quot;You make me want to be a better man.&quot;<br />After Greenaway, all I want is a bath.
0812589041|4.0|Ender's Game is a very popular science fiction which is suitable for any age. Besides the fact that many science fictions have included little boy save the mankind and have a \\"killer\\" side of personality, this book can actually pull it off and add a lot of aspect to it.  Valentine as the sister of Ender in the story is a very complicated part. She, as a teenage girl, was confused about a lot of things.  When she was dealing with the relationship between her father and her creation, a computer screen name with political opinions, she was not comfortable with it.  Like all teenagers these days, she didn't know how to deal with it.  This is something that I was looking for, something that I can relate to. While reading something that one can relate to, is a very good feeling for the reader.  One thing also good about this book is that the ending is tremendously clever.  How can one think of having the enemy came back and in a way, they were apologizing for what they had done?  That was awesome. Also, the inner conflict of Ender between \\"power\\" and \\"love\\" was totally classical!  He was capable of utter violence, but still a loving person. The way Ender's Game pulled politics and Internet together was a great idea.  The chaos it had made to the mankind is a warning for all of us.  Peter Wiggin as the best politicien figure I have ever read was a typical power holder.  This book sets a very good model of looking for the real \\"peaceful\\" environment.
B000002UA5|5.0|Ummagumma....without a doubt, a musical masterpiece! A &quot;mourning dirge&quot; in tribute to the recently &quot;departed&quot; Syd, this album combines the maniacal chaos that was Syd's vision with some unbelieveable and unfettered musical genius from Waters, Gilmour, Mason, and Wright. For the unenlightened, this collection of individual works from the remaining members of PF may seem disturbing and may even be criticized as mere &quot;noise&quot;, but to the hard-core Floyd fan, Ummagumma will reside, PROUDLY, as a masterpiece of eclectic imagination. Ummagumma is NOT for the faint of heart, containing some of the most mind-bending cuts ever recorded. There are those who would classify this as nothing more than &quot;psychadelic hysteria&quot;, but they would be the unfortunate few who will never be able to appreciate the true essence and talent that is Pink Floyd. Ummagumma is a MUST have for any true fan.
B00004TRD8|5.0|Please anybody answer my comments. I have noticed that during the truck-helicopter chase, when the helicopter went under the bridge, a distorted sound (hiss) is heard on the right surround(rear) speaker.  Does anyone experienced the same flaw?
B000003BEM|2.0|If oyu want real revolutionary music and true artists that changed music forever without trying to be something they're not listen to the Beatles you sad sad children.
6305181772|5.0|I've owned this DVD for almost two years now.  i probably watched this five or six times.  Every time I watch this movie, I notice it again and again, how skillfuly pieces are put together.  First of all, nothing that comes up on the screen is accident.  That means, every little action or even just slight passing of an object gives the viewer a piece of information.  Director De Palma did a superb job of implying what's going to happen, without being too obvious.  for example, in the beginning of the movie, you see a Russian couple walking around, drunk, out side of the embassy.  Screen focuses on them just for two seconds.  You wouldn't normally guess that they would have any connection with the storyline.  Well, it later turns out that the couple was another IMF team working in a mole hunt mission.  Another very subtle part is where Tom Cruise is obtaining the NOC list at the headquater of CIA, in Lanley.  When Tom Cruise copies that list from the computer, while hanging on a rope from a ventilation, he takes out two blank writable CD's.  I mean why the hell would he want to take out two CD's for.  Well, little bit later in the movie, that small, subtle scene plays a role.  Mission Impossible I has a lot of subtle scenes.  Watch carefully, then things will make sense.  All pieces fall into one great piece.  As far as DVD is concerned, it has low video quality.  But I think it worths spending money on DVD.
B000002UB3|5.0|After the hardest studio sessions they've ever had to stand (&quot;White Album&quot; and &quot;Get Back/Let It Be&quot;), The Beatles knew the end was coming. So they made the effort of reuniting, despite all their differences and made one of the greatest popular music album ever recorded and listened by the human race.<br />I have said before I prefer &quot;Revolver&quot; because you can get out of it a complete philosophy to your life, and the lyrics and musical experiments were never better than on that album, but I have to recognize that the production and orchestral work made with this CD can be considered as the best music The Beatles made in their whole succesful carrer. It's so removing, you can get deep emotions by the listening experience, you can feel lots of noises, like the constant presence of death and dark perceptions of the world, the optimism, the humour, the social comments, I mean... The Beatles' lyrics here are getting simpler, but more to the point. They are writing rock'n'roll again, the songs with deep and hidden meanings are gone, as are the strange but interesting instrumental arrangements and studio experiments they made in their more psychedelic albums from 1965-1967. They are PLAYING MUSIC again, that's the final gift they gave to the world.<br />The first side of the album is a very hard-to-unify bunch of songs. &quot;Come Together&quot; finds John Lennon at his funkiest mood, laughing at them all, as always, and the rocky guitars (and specially the Fender Rhodes piano solo played by Paul) make the perfect dark environment this acid song needs to have. &quot;Something&quot; has to be the loveliest ballad ever written, its simple structure and lyrics are adorned by the expert orchestral arrangements by George Martin, the guitar solo by the singer/composer George Harrison, is stunning, as is the middle-eight. This particular track also shows The Beatles as a band, with John playing a notorious wah-wah rhythm guitar, Paul playing his bassguitar at his best (hear those chord variations!) and Ringo getting his turn at the drums. Notable. It gets into your subconscious, and it also was a big hit by the Fab-Four in 1969 (you can get a remastered version in the recently released &quot;1&quot; CD). &quot;Maxwell's Silver Hammer&quot; and &quot;Octopus's Garden&quot; are underrated humoristic and ironic songs. Written by Paul and Ringo respectively, they help to make the album a little lighter, and to remember those days where the music and the lyrics were not mean to be something with deep meaning, but most notably something to enjoy the experience of playing music. Plus, Ringo's lead vocal on &quot;Octopus's Garden&quot; is one of his best, his lyrics are intriguing and very psychedelic, making this song a pleasant surprise and one of the high points of the album. &quot;Oh! Darling&quot; is a lovely and heart-breaking ballad with an impressive vocal interpretation by Sir James Paul McCartney (John said he could have done it better!) and a bluesy air that can remove all the hairs in your body... &quot;I Want You (She's So Heavy)&quot;, with its weak lyric, is no more than a great jam by the biggest band in the world (but they knew how to make it into a great rock'n'roll moment!) The final noises can REALLY scare you.<br />George Harrison finally gets the chance to show how a good songwriter he was on this album. Apart from &quot;Something&quot;, he wrote the best song on &quot;Abbey Road&quot;: &quot;Here Comes The Sun&quot; (the opening track for side 2) which also has very good orchestral arrangements (Martin takes care of the production in both Harrisongs, and you can note it!), optimistic lyrics and the brilliant acoustic guitar work that George made by himself. It can really blow your mind. And it's relaxing and lovely. <br />After that, the album gets a spirit of unity and you can't realize where does a song finish or another begins: &quot;Because&quot; is the Lennon version of Beethoven's &quot;Moonlight Sonata&quot;, and shows the greatest vocal performance ever made by John, Paul and George in 9 voices! The lyrics are intriguing, and the electric harpischord (played by George Martin) with the Moog Synthesiser (played by George Harrison!) make the song sound even more electrifying! &quot;You Never Give Me Your Money&quot; is the first part of a McCartney medley, with a complex structure, brilliant guitar moments, and... ask Paul what he's singing about. Then, there is the medley: &quot;Sun King&quot;, &quot;Mean Mr.Mustard&quot; and &quot;Polythene Pam&quot; are John's songs, beautifully arranged and almost always accompanied by Paul on backing vocals. Then there is &quot;She Came In Through The Bathroom Window&quot;, a lovely and intriguing acoustic/pop/rock song. All of those songs are unified and glued to each other so you can't really define which is which...<br />And then, they wave goodbye. &quot;Golden Slumbers&quot; sends you to sleep in a quiet but removing mood. &quot;Carry That Weight&quot; is sung by the four of them, and in &quot;The End&quot;... the love you take is equal to the love you made. The drum solo by Ringo and the three guitar solos (by Paul, George and John, in that order) are the oportunity they have to say goodbye to the world. They do it, and it's simply thrilling. I mean, listen to them: they are a BAND again! <br />And when you think it's all over, &quot;Her Majesty&quot;, a very strange but simple song by Paul closes the album. They have made it at their best, and they know a door is closed, and a new time begins...<br />So they have made it perfectly. They were capable of give the world the best music, and when they felt the work was finally done (with this masterpiece), they left. And the love they took was equal to the love they made. This album IS pop &amp; rock absolute perfection. Buy it and enjoy it. It's hard to take it off from your stereo. <br />(P.S.: If some fans want to review the album with LONG texts, leave them.Sometimes is necesarry to open your mind and listen to another points of view. Just be patient...)
B00000K19E|5.0|&quot;The Matrix&quot; is the most exciting and original science fiction action adventure in years. Ranking up there with classics like the two &quot;Terminators&quot;, &quot;Raiders of the Lost Ark&quot;, and the &quot;Star Wars Trilogy&quot;, &quot;The Matrix&quot; is an ambitious blend of sci-fi themes and thrilling action.  Like &quot;Terminator&quot;, and &quot;Star Wars&quot; years before, &quot;The Matrix&quot; has raised the standard for this kind of entertainment for the next decade.<br />The story is bizarre.  It begins with a lone computer hacker played by Keanu Reeves who calls himself &quot;Neo&quot; and has uncovered a secret that affects the entire human race.  From there his adventure begins as a mysterious figure played by Laurence Fishburne in top form, shows Neo what the world really is.  Neo faces challenges from sinister agents who are determined to stop him and his new friends.  This is where much of the great action comes from.  Not only abundant but inventive and stylish as well, the action sequences are a major signature in this film and will be copied for years to come, and already have in such big films as &quot;Mission:Impossilbe II&quot;.<br />There are themes in &quot;The Matrix&quot; which are deeper than your usual sci-fi fare and even some similarities with the themes in &quot;Terminator&quot; and &quot;StarWars&quot;.  There is a hero who is conflicted with his two destinies and a post apocalyptic world ran by machines, sound familiar?  This kind of subject matter can't adequately be resolved in a two-hour film, at least not well.  So &quot;The Matrix&quot; is really a promise of great things to come and seeing that two sequels are being planned we don't have too long to wait.
B00004XONN|1.0|I have heard a lot about how great this cd was so I went out and bought it.  It is pretty booring and just dumb like you need to smoke week to appreciate it.  Man was I dissapointed.
B00000K19E|5.0|&quot;The Matrix&quot; is the most exciting and original science fiction action adventure in years. Ranking up there with classics like the two &quot;Terminators&quot;, &quot;Raiders of the Lost Ark&quot;, and the &quot;Star Wars Trilogy&quot;, &quot;The Matrix&quot; is an ambitious blend of sci-fi themes and thrilling action.  Like &quot;Terminator&quot;, and &quot;Star Wars&quot; years before, &quot;The Matrix&quot; has raised the standard for this kind of entertainment for the next decade.<br />The story is bizarre.  It begins with a lone computer hacker played by Keanu Reeves who calls himself &quot;Neo&quot; and has uncovered a secret that affects the entire human race.  From there his adventure begins as a mysterious figure played by Laurence Fishburne in top form, shows Neo what the world really is.  Neo faces challenges from sinister agents who are determined to stop him and his new friends.  This is where much of the great action comes from.  Not only abundant but inventive and stylish as well, the action sequences are a major signature in this film and will be copied for years to come, and already have in such big films as &quot;Mission:Impossilbe II&quot;.<br />There are themes in &quot;The Matrix&quot; which are deeper than your usual sci-fi fare and even some similarities with the themes in &quot;Terminator&quot; and &quot;StarWars&quot;.  There is a hero who is conflicted with his two destinies and a post apocalyptic world ran by machines, sound familiar?  This kind of subject matter can't adequately be resolved in a two-hour film, at least not well.  So &quot;The Matrix&quot; is really a promise of great things to come and seeing that two sequels are being planned we don't have too long to wait.
B00004YA66|5.0|For those of you who missed this film in the theatres, now you have the chance to see one of the most under-rated films of the year. This movie really makes me think about family, and how we often take it forgranted. Sure thats a little sappy, but this story really gets to me. It asks the question, what if you could change the past, and how would it affect the present. Now I don't have anything major I would want to change at this point in my life, but still, the premise is neat to think about. The story has a wierd angle to the reasons behind this strange occurance, some may get turned off this movie because of it, but if you take the movie for what it is, I'm sure you will really enjoy it as I do. The dvd contains some interesting extra features as well, which made this worth purchasing for me.
B0000024JN|2.0|ok this CD is mostly junk. [i think] It has many weird and unusual songs. I like about two songs on here. &quot;Brass Monkey&quot; and &quot;Fight for your right to party.&quot; Thats it. All of their other songs are so.... different. My oponion on this album is &quot;Don't buy it.&quot; I am personally saying that because I am a BIG rock fan and a big fan of some rap. [like outkast] If you're into the Beastie Boys A LOT then go and buy this album. But i'm warning you, this is definately not like their newer stuff like &quot;hello nastie.&quot; I personally think that the anthology is A LOT better than this album. If anybody wants this album and you're a rock fan, DON'T BUY IT!
B00004T9VY|5.0|Cat Stevens' &quot;Tea For The Tillerman&quot; is truly a classic album, and classic albums don't get any classier than this. &quot;Tillerman&quot; boasts three well-known classic tunes: &quot;Where Do The Children Play&quot;, &quot;Wild World&quot; and &quot;Father And Son&quot;(probably one of the smartest songs you'll ever hear on radio), but the fun doesn't end there, as every other song on the album has the makings of a classic. Here are a few standouts: &quot;Sad Lisa&quot; with its string arrangment is one of the album's best songs. &quot;Miles From Nowhere&quot; and &quot;But I Might Die Tonight&quot; are terrific rockers, the latter being my favourite song on the album - a brief tune about the monotony of the working day. &quot;Into White&quot; has a more traditional folk sound.<br />With these songs in mind, its not hard to understand why &quot;Tea For The Tillerman&quot; has been a staple in folk and classic rock record collections since the day it was released. It is my favourite Cat Stevens album, and a wonderful album at that.
B000001Y42|5.0|Where can I start? This album has so many good things about it. First of all, if you're into really hard metal or really hard rock then buy this. Cause this album is very different from the other ones. I'm gonna review each of the songs as I usually do.<br />1. Intro: Really cool speach. Kinda weird but good!<br />2. Pollution: My favorite song on the album. Wicked good gutairs and vocals. Weird lyrics but overall, GOOD SONG!<br />3. Counterfit: Another good hard rock song. The beginning starts off really slow but when it get's into it then you can feel the power. Awesome gutairs and drums.<br />4. Stuck: WICKED good song. Cool lyrics. Good gutairs. This song has it all. My second favorute on this album.<br />5. Nobody Loves Me: Very emotional song. This song probally has the most feeling. Wicked hard gutairs in this song. Fred Durst is actually almost at the top of his voice in this song. Now I can see why he lost his voice.<br />6. Sour: This song is sour. It's not really my type of song. Still, there are some good parts in this song.<br />7. Stalemate: Weird song. Wicked slow and distant. Not a good song according to me.<br />8. Clunk: WICKED AWESOME SONG. This song deserves alot of creit and atention! My friend says it's his favorite song. <br />9. Faith: ugh! This song was supposed to be the hit song that everybody knew? Man, they sure picked a bad song. Bad gutairs and vocals. Weird lyrics. <br />10. Stink Finger: What is the meaning of this song? Weird name and lyrics. There is a wicked funny part in this song. You should buy it to see what it is [not just that, the whole album is great too.] Good gutairs! Fred Durst has a diverse voice in this song. But, still, good.<br />11. Indigo Flow: Why did they name the song that? Well anyway this song is a thank you song. Fred is trying to rap but he sort of doesn't know how [in his newer albums, he raps wicked good!] The part where he says &quot;and god, I LOVE YOU!&quot; that's the only hard rock part. But still, awicked cool song to listen to if you're crusing in your car.<br />12. Leech [demo version]: Really good hard rock song. Wicked good gutairs and vocals. The lyrics are kinda neat. I wonder if they have this song in the &quot;undemo version.&quot; <br />13. Everything: Ugh again! Wicked bad song. You can't even hear what he's saying. Plus it's slow. Bad. <br />So this album has all good songs on it except for &quot;Faith&quot; and &quot;Everything.&quot; Definately a 5 star CD. like I said, &quot;Well worth your money!&quot;
6304698658|3.0|Of course this is one of the best Christmas films of all time. It is a family classic whenever relatives come into town. This is the reason I bought it on DVD. Unfortunately, the DVD is not worth the buy. There are only a couple extras and the sound and quality seem as though they weren't even the least bit tweaked. Hence, if you own a great home entertainment system, prepare to be disappointed. When I played this movie on my DTS system, I only got left and right fronts to give any output. <br />Sorry to come down so hard on such a wonderful movie, but the difference between VHS and DVD on this film is very minimal.
6302732778|5.0|Let's start off by saying that &quot;Blade Runner&quot; has more intellegence and imagination than any Star Wars or Star Trek movie ever made.  Perhaps this is because it is based on a Phillip K. Dick novel, Dick being one of the smartest people ever to write science fiction.  The movie, rather than dumbing down Dick's work as Hollywood is so often prone to do, instead celebrates it.  Harrison Ford's hero is really Phillip Marlowe transported to the space age.  The whole movie in fact has a &quot;film noir&quot; feel to it that enhances its downcast mood.  Ford gives what maybe the best ACTING performance of his career.  And Dick's scary vision of the future is perfectly portrayed.<br />The Drector's cut has a more ambiguous ending than the original film and throws out Ford's added on narrative designed to &quot;assist&quot; audiences that the producers thought would be too dumb to follow the story otherwise.  While I never minded the narration, the more uncertain ending is far more appropriate.  Either way, sci-fi movies don't get any better than this.
B000050XEI|4.0|Yet again, Enya has provided a magical tapestry of music to delight<br />us. As the Amazon reviewer indicated, her music has a &quot;regal<br />mysticism&quot; that is hard to quantify.<br />Personally, my favorite<br />has always been &quot;Shepherd Moons&quot;, followed by<br />&quot;Watermark&quot;. This new album is an improvement on &quot;The<br />Memory of Trees&quot;, but as others have stated, there is nothing new<br />here.<br />Not that that is altogether a bad thing. &quot;Wild<br />Child&quot; and &quot;Flora's Secret&quot; are wonderfully hummable<br />and infectous. All of the cuts have Enya's particular and unique brand<br />of synth-harmonics and &quot;regal mysticism&quot; that seem to touch<br />listeners so deeply (albeit somewhat lightly here).<br />My only real<br />complaint is that the disc is simply not very long. The CD clocks in<br />at just under 35 minutes.<br />The relative brevity of the CD may be<br />alright from an artist's viewpoint of making a complete statement, no<br />matter the time limit, and the work is finished. But I personally<br />would not have minded another cut or two after five years.<br />Still,<br />the disc is a keeper. After all, whether Monet paints a wall mural or<br />a postcard, it is still a Monet. This work is lighter than Enya's<br />previous efforts, more like a bright sunny Spring day.<br />The disc<br />cannot help but be popular. I do not believe that Enya has listeners,<br />or even fans. She has followers. Her creations that resonate so deeply<br />with so many different people call to mind the timeless, the<br />historical, the magical, the depth of longing, a touch of melancholy,<br />and tales of kings, queens, castles and dragons. In short, that's what<br />&quot;regal mysticism&quot; is all about, and Enya produces it with<br />music.<br />Such gifts are rare.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|This is the second CD of the australian phenomenon Savage Garden. Since their debut, Darren and Daniel have become an instant success in all parades around the world. &quot;Affirmation&quot; is a good track, with lots of beliefs of the bands and fine conclusions as well. &quot;Hold me&quot; is a romantic song, ready for all charts. The clip is great, and the song is about the need for a real understanding in a relationship. &quot;I knew I loved you&quot; became a hit everywhere, and was the first single of this CD. It is about destiny and faith, when you find out everyone has a soulmate somewhere.&quot;Crash and Burn&quot; is one of their greatest songs, perfect to listen to when you feel down, isolated, crying for a real help to move on. &quot;The animal song&quot; was part of a soundtrack, and I love the lyrics. It's interesting to desire to be free like animals, free from the pressure of society and people pushing you in subways and buses.&quot;The love after me&quot;, &quot;Two beds and a cofee machine&quot;, &quot;don't know you anymore&quot; are perfect balads im my opinion, with inteligent lyrics that make you reflect about life and relationships.<br />This is surely a great CD! One of the best in my pop collection.
B000002L99|4.0|THIS IS THE SECOND BEST CD FOR VAN HALEN WITH SAMMY HAGAR,BALANCE BEING THE BEST.THIS HAS SOME REALLY GREAT SONG ON IT, WITH WHY CAN`T THIS BE LOVE,DREAMS,SUMMER NIGHTS,5150.THIS CD REALLY SURPRISED ME BECAUSE WITH DAVE GONE I WAS REDDY TO GIVE UP ON VAN HALEN,BUT THIS CD TURNED OUT TO BE PRETTY GOOD.THIS IS A MUST HAVE FOR ANY VAN HALEN FAN.
B00004XOWM|2.0|im sure all those 13 year old nookie fans out there will make this album go platinum.  after hearing it myself, i found it about as entertaining as bsb's millenium album. limp bizkit the newest boy band, i would have never thought it possible three years ago!
B000002J2D|5.0|Genesis held a special place in the hearts of melody lovers during the late seventies/early eighties.  Believe me, if you're a fan of progressive rock and the only Genesis/Phil Collins you know is &quot;I Can't Dance&quot; or &quot;Sussudio&quot;, please, PLEASE trust me on this and pick up this album or &quot;Wind and Wuthering&quot; or &quot;A Trick of the Tail&quot;.  The majestic, magical sound of these albums is almost indescribable, but suffice it to say that these albums are musically adventurous, contain alot of shifting time signatures, and the MELODIES they came up with back then are stunning.<br />&quot;And Then...&quot; contains so many great moments, that it's hard to pick the best, but some of my favorites include Undertow, Ballad of Big, Burning Rope, Deep in the Motherlode, and The Lady Lies.  Honestly, you have to listen to these songs all the way through because just when you think you know where the song is headed, it'll break into a rapturous chorus over a pounding pedaltone.  <br />This is progressive rock of the highest order and some of these other reviewers who dismiss it as pop cannot have listened to the same album (The one exception being Follow You Follow Me).  Check it out and listen all the way through. You'll be rewarded in spades.
0152465030|4.0|When i read this book i was taken to a world of wonder.  It could turn every bad day good.
B000002GF8|5.0|I'm a huge Sting fan and own all of his albums, but I still feel that the song \\"Synchronicity 2\\" cannot ever be topped from a compositional/lyrical standpoint.  There are a few great Police albums, and Zendatta Monyatta is great too, but this one's got the best songs.  The first half is great, but it might take some getting used to (\\"Mother\\" always makes me laugh).However, most of the songs on the second half have recieved heavy airplay over the past few years.  \\"Synchronicity\\" is essential for any serious listener.
B00003CX8J|5.0|Not to tell others what to like and not to like in movie genres(I like Godzilla Movies and South Park).  I have to say that I had much trepidation thinking about how the X-Men movie would play out(its only the best comic book ever).  I was praying the 'Batman-isms' would be left out, and I was rewarded.      The movie is actually very accurate to the story line of the comic(its tough putting decades of a comic into a movie)       The casting was perfect, Ian McKellan is a perfect Magneto.  Unknown(not anymore) Hugh Jackman steals the show as Wolverine.   The supporting cast is easy on the eyes and on the brain, playing each character close to the vest.(please, show me the fight sequence between Wolverine and Mystique again-Jackman and Rebecca Romain-Stamos).      While it is just my opinion, Singer has set a high standard in the 'comic turned movie' genre that others will be compared to.  Buy it, and keep in in your collection.
0812589041|5.0|Ender's Game by Orson Scott Card is a great book! This book is one of the best that I have ever read in my life. It is clever, thoughtful and thrilling adventure. Ender's Game is a nice, easy, and entertaining read for people of any age, even for people whose first language is not English.  Everyone should read it! I read this book for my English class and was very happy that my teacher chose it.  At first I thought this book was going to be boring because I was not much of a science fiction fan but after reading this book I became one, realizing that I was completely wrong about it.  I liked this book so much that I want to read the other books in this series, like, Speaker for the Dead.  This book has a perfect combination of action and drama.  Card tells the story in such a way that readers will not want to put this book down for anything instead the reader is eager to find out what will happen next and how the things will get resolved. Moving through Ender's triumphs and dark times, there is never a compelling reason to stop reading the book.  The book is about a young boy named Andrew &quot;Ender&quot; Wiggin who is recruited to the battle school to train for the bugger (alien) war where he is tested to the max.  He becomes the best at the battle school and is transferred to Command School at a very young age where he becomes the hero of the bugger war.  However, Ender has to deal with the fear of his brother Peter that was mean to Ender when he was home and being away from the love of his sister Valentine.  It is an exploration of the human mind and a look at topics such as power, greed, hate, innocence, and the idea that no one is in control of their lives.  This book is a must read for anyone.  Don't wait buy it right now!
0312243022|4.0|The Hours is an almost too clever set of variations on a theme, taken from Virginia Woolf's Mrs. Dalloway.  It is a intricately contrived piece of fiction which plays with the issues of sexuality, suicide, suburban and urban living, the possibilities of women's lives, and the twinned activities of writing and reading.    The stories (of three women) are set in different times and places: the 1920's in London, the 50's in LA and the 90's in Manhattan, each credibly evoked.      But what appeals to me most about this eminently readable novel are the questions it raises about what happens to readers?  What is the effect of a novel on its reader?    That's what the story is really about.
B000006E4C|5.0|If I could describe this album in only one word, it would have to be subtle. This is NOT the minimalism of Glass or Adams at all. I don't know about listening to this album while its raining outside, but it is certainly an album that requires concentration. If you can tune everything but this album out, then you will be rewarded with one of the greatest pieces written in the later half of the 20th century. The phasing is spectacular, and the scat singing is very well done and impressive. It has a bit of neotonality, but if you're expecting to be hammered into submission by functional harmony, then this is the wrong album for you. Very peaceful yet intense. Very subtle yet brilliant.
B00003W8NO|5.0|It seems to me the movies/video's you think are going to be the most boring end up the ones you have to buy and watch over and over again.  I thought this and Mulan were going to be as boring as watching grass grow but I found out that the pair of them equal my favourite Disney movies. Toy Story has a quality that you don't see to often in digital animation, being created like they are doesn't hide the storyline or the characters like many others do but instead enhance the video to give you smile that carried on right through the whole movie.<br />I loved Toy Story, I bought it for my sister but now it seems I watch it more than she does.
B00003XACV|5.0|What Thomas Newman has done with this score is taken a movie whose subject matter is almost impossible to express musically and expressed that subject matter with such an incredibly innovative profundity that I'm still blown away every time I hear these selections.  Every aspect of the movie is crystallized in musical thought, from the father's subverted sexual desire in the pieces &quot;Root Beer,&quot; &quot;Choking the Bishop&quot; and &quot;Spartanette&quot;, to the seemingly placid surface of suburban life in &quot;Dead Already&quot; and &quot;Still Dead&quot;, to the quietly heartbroken true nature of that life in &quot;Mental Boy&quot; and &quot;Any Other Name&quot;.  Newman uses an amazing array of instruments to capture these feelings:  kim-kim drums, bird calls, a detuned mandolin, etc.  What really shines about this soundtrack, however, is the way it so perfectly captures the essence of the movie.  It is not at all imposing and yet it grabs your attention.  It's the epitome of simplicity and yet it expresses profound feelings beyond compare.  I've never heard a score as perfect as this before and I doubt I ever will again.
B000002AS3|5.0|I thought this was a great CD. It was by far the best one by Oasis. All of the songs on it were good, but the best ones were Rock 'n' Roll Star, Live Forever, Supersonic, and Digsy's Diner. I would recomend this cd to anyone, and it is a must have for Oasis fans.
0517122707|4.0|This was a great book for book group.  The main character is rich in his seriousness and comic-sadness.  Sometimes likable, sometimes not.  But always trying to make good.  It's creative, bizarre, and sweet.  Our conversation turned to questions of mental illness, it's meaning, it's impact on a person and on his/her community and family.  (many of us are therapists)  And do we really want to medicate it all away, and what of it do we want to medicate away and what of it to keep.
B00000J7JO|5.0|When i first heard this Cd i couldnt believe how much i liked it. I thought it was just an overall great cd with no songs that were real bad on it. The best song on it was probably All Around the World. It's a change from there older music, but not a bad one.
B000002G8J|4.0|Great kinda mellow rock album.  One of my favorite 70's recordings and I like it more and more as my tastes mellow and a bit of a country rock twang sounds good to me.  May have to buy it on CD one day -- Lord knows how long the vinyl will hold up.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Of course, this CD gets five stars.  It is the pop primer for the beginning of the swinging sixties, to the psychedelic era, to the end of an era in rock and roll history.  There are approximately 160 or so other reviews you can read of this collection so I don't think I can really add much in the way of a review of the music that has been reviewed for the last 35 years.  This review is for the people who have all of the Fab Four's original releases, authorized greatest hits packages, all of the anthologies (along with the EP discs that were released), the ltd. edition release of the White Album and the fairly new re-release of the Yellow Submarine Songtrack.  This review is for all of you completists out there.<br />Doesn't it look cool in your collection.  But really folks, its the Beatles, the lads, the boys, the Fab Four when they was what they was before they was.  Have fun and enjoy it.
B00000K2W1|4.0|Janis Joplin was brilliant.<br />She was also very dumb.<br />Why? Because she OD'd in her prime, just like everyone else was doing. <br />HOWEVER.<br />Her brilliance hasn't tarnished at all since her 1970 death. GREATEST HITS reminds us that. Her passion, her fire, her voice, her power, her lack of control, her craving for a purchase on anything she could grab...its all reflected in everything she sang, especially PEARL and CHEAP THRILLS. But here, it just gives a little synopsis on her short career. It leaves you hungry for more, but still satisfied to have at least known her, whether you first adored her in life or posthumously. My favorite tracks:<br />Piece Of My Heart:  The Janis anthem. A true bluesy rock song that, while lacking some points, overwhelms you with her passion.<br />Me And Bobby McGee: If this song doesn't make you dance in your room...this is the ultimate &quot;sing into the hairbrush&quot; song. And, depending on the way you dance, it determines whether you are a hippie (or a neo-hippie) or not.<br />Down On Me: While some people might have been a little...scared...of you, Janis, I still love you.<br />Get It While You Can: &quot;Don't you turn your back on love&quot;. Duh. No kidding. But thanks for the reminded. This is my absolute favorite Janis song. Allows me to feel petty and pathetic but all nice and human.<br />Mercedes Benz: Well...lots of fun. Definitly could get on your nerves, but still fun. <br />Only the good die young. Janis wasn't even thirty.
0880389052|5.0|This book makes you want to stand with Drizzt and fight off any evil that comes your way. An awesome read. I would recommend it to anyone. Drizzt is the man.
B0000028VT|5.0|This is Mariah Carey's best CD, just ahead of her debut CD.  I'll  never forget the day I bought it &amp; listened.  I was amazed!  Let's go through the individual tracks:<br />1. Dreamlover- 5/5  This was the first single release from the CD.It has a nice groove, and Mariah sounds so great on the vocals.  It was a HUGE #1 here in the USA.<br />2. Hero- 5/5  The 2nd single was also a #1 hit, and well deserving.  It has a beautiful chorus &amp; will go down as one of her best songs.<br />3. Anytime You Need A Friend- 4/5  This was my favorite song from the CD after hearing it for the 1st time.  The choir in the chorus is what makes this song.  It's not as perfect as I originally thought, but still good enough for 4 stars.<br />4. Music Box- 5/5  Just close your eyes &amp; imagine yourself drifting among the clouds.  It's a very slow song, but very relaxing.  If you see the sheet music, you'll see it's also one of the more complex songs as well.<br />5. Now That I Know- 4/5 This is a faster tune, and will get you moving again after listening to track #4 :)<br />6. Never Forget You- 1/5  This one is the only song I didn't care too much about.  It's just not catchy enough.  It was the b-side of track #7, and received some airplay as well.<br />7. Without You- 5/5  Mariah has covered several classic songs over the years.  Some good, some not so good.  THIS one is her BEST cover.  I've heard Harry Nilsson's version for years.  I recognized the song right from the 1st few piano strokes.  I still like the original better, but this one is definately worth 5 stars!<br />8. Just To Hold You Once Again- 5/5  Oh my!  I was hoping this one would be released as a single.  If you love beautiful love songs, this one will totally melt your heart!!!  It ranks way up there with her best single releases.<br />9. I've Been Thinking About You- 4/5 No, it's not Londonbeat's 1991 #1 smash.  But it does have a certain &quot;groove&quot;.  The beat &amp; the music go great together.  The result:  a nice, danceable song.<br />10. All I've Ever Wanted- 4/5 Another nice ballad, but not as good as track #8.  For a non-release, it's still pretty good.
0517122707|1.0|Well, as Queen Victoria often said, &quot;We are not amused.&quot;  I've heard great reviews, and that this book is excellent!  That I MUST read it!  It was very dull and-using I. J. Reilly's own words- &quot;ho hum&quot;.  I read the book on my lunch breaks, and took me over a month, a colleague shockingly asked &quot;You're still reading THAT book?&quot;.  Well, I thought that I would be faithful to the author and finish what I started.  Mind you it was an uphill battle the entire way.  It kept dragging out, and the vernacular of the characters was at times tiring to read.  It ranged from a &quot;menza-styled speaking Ignatius&quot; [not to insult menza members] to &quot;a vagran colo Jones&quot;.  I kept thinking that the ending would be something really good, but it was a let down.  I was hoping until the last paragraph, that the 30 year old Ignatius to his &quot;Mynx&quot; would lose his.... well you read the book.
B000002LHX|4.0|This seemed to be the worst moment for Prince fans. It looks like that he was in a jam, and actually made an entire album for money rather than personal enjoyment which is what new and old fans were used to. He had just released an incredibly complex, impossibly complicated, funkidelisized album with so many layers, you'd have to get the jaws of life out to decode it. It was still only the 4th album after the mega-success of Purple Rain and he hadn't broken his 1980 commitment with &quot;Dirty Mind&quot; to synthesize unbreakable, promethean sounds that would last as long as albums by the greatest musicians in history and form the sonic shapes of the future. The album in question &quot;Lovesexy&quot;, was just another chapter in a catalogue of unconventional albums and marked a highpoint in his growing spiritual philosophy. It was rumoured to be followed by an album recorded with an actual full-blown gospel choir and my imagination went wild when I heard about that. Unfortunatley, &quot;Lovesexy&quot; sold okay, but hardly anywhere near the 14 million of &quot;Rain&quot; and or even the 1 million mark of his previous release. Still under contract, Warner Bros., for better or worse, told Prince it was about time to stop acting like Pink Floyd or Miles Davis and start thinking like Def Leopard and Michael Jackson and put out much fewer albums..like say, one every two or three years. YIKES!! Most people didn't know this at the time, (except hardcore collectors who were just beginning to realize it) but Prince usually records about three or FOUR albums per year at the very least, but compromises by releasing just one. That's about when Prince took the gig as playing second fiddle to Tim Burton's BATMAN project (he had been asked many times before, but always turned them down.) to get him out of a much worse situation and to help generate interest in future projects. I hate to see Prince's genius stilled, drained and filtered through the corporate machine, but even OrsonWelles used the money from acting in &quot;The Shadow&quot; to finance his own Mercury Theatre radio projects and participated in mainstream films to finance more worthwhile self-directed projects. Nevertheless, it's Prince's first deliberatley commercial album, so gone is the horn section, gone is the complex instrumentation and playful, radio-weary insanity and instead is an album much more mainstream and normal then what I had expected. Only some small samples of the gospel recordings he did can be heard on the first track (&quot;The Future&quot;) that give you any real link to what might have been. (As it turns out, the choir he was working with, Sounds of Blackness, ended up putting out an album with a different producer, so that stage in Prince's career remains unfufilled). And to make matters worse, Prince's songs in the film amounts to about two heard in clear form (and they're the weakest songs on the album), one GREAT one can be heard as the credits role and three others heard very faintly in the background. And three songs on the album don't even appear in the movie at all, which set up a new trend in soundtracks which most film scores have not fully recovered. <br />The very literate magazine FILM COMMENT, however, loved this album, Prince's two videos but hated the movie, comparing it to an '80s version of The Sound of Music where &quot;everyone went and it didn't matter.&quot; Prince's album and the videos for &quot;Batdance&quot; and &quot;Partyman&quot;, they said, captured the anti-status quo comic book spirit more than the crowd pleasing drivel that comprised the movie and explored the psychology of the characters. I have to agree, there's more plot twists in the track &quot;Vicki Waiting&quot; then in all of the two hours in the actual movie. Burton must have read this very famous review, as his next Batman movie took more risks. Later, in an interview Burton said that he regretted Prince's music in the film, even though it was he who asked him to participate. (Well, Prince did not include any Batman tracks on his Hits collection, so I guess that'll show him.)<br />Even though the word is he recorded the album in under two weeks, BATMAN is still a great album and it's obvious he enjoyed making it. Prince doesn't MAKE bad albums that I know of, lthough sometimes he makes dissappointing ones, that's why I gave it four stars. But from then on, he was always struggleing with the survival necessity of creating marketable music and the burning desire to have his way with it. I don't own the REAL film score, which is very good (good partly because the composer ripped off the best - Wagner) but it might be more what someone is after if they are interested in this movie. I love Tim Burton and I love Prince, but maybe they should have collaborated on something more personal and independent. Luckily, Prince never did anything like this again. He recorded most of the songs for the 1994 film &quot;I'll Do Anything&quot; but the entire soundtrack was removed. I wonder if we'll ever get to hear it. Spike Lee scored an entire movie using old Prince songs in his movie &quot;Girl 6&quot; and if you've never seen Prince's classic 1982 piano blues &quot;How Come U Don't Call Me Anymore&quot; in that movie, you're really missing out. In the end though, if you want to see Prince's music really shine on screen and where it sounds the best, check out his own movies.
B000002KHH|3.0|This is the roots of metal right here. Sure these songs are overplayed but there's a reason. These songs actually convey the anger and dispair that four young mmusicians for Birmingham, England faced. Their power can still be felt 30 years later. Unfortunately, the cd (at least the Warner version) is an audiophile's worst nightmare. It's plagued by excessive distortion, high end,  and tape hiss. I've heard vinyl versions that sound better.
0399146253|3.0|This book was better than the last few Scarpetta books were.  It starts by reviewing the occurences at the end of the previous Scarpetta book BLACK NOTICE.   So if you haven't read that one, you should before you proceed, or a lot of what happens won't make sense.  Kay moves in temporarily with her friend Anna, who has secrets also (not really germaine to the story, but neither are big chunks of the book).  There is a lot of psychological analyzing going on in this book, which leaves little room for any action.  Some of it helps the plot, some of it doesn't. <br />After moving in with Anna, Lucy and Teun and Marcino all get together to help Kay understand her current predicaments.  A proscuter from New York gets dragged in as well.  There are many little bombs dropped here and there about characters and events;  in part , that is what kept me reading, to find out how it all made sense.  In the end, lots of points here and there really didn't further the story at all.  They were placed just to keep you guessing.<br />   I think this book could have used some better editing.<br />    BUT, having said all that, I am looking forward to the next installment.  I want to know less about Kay and Lucy (the poster child for lesbian wondergirls) and more about Marcino and Rocky.  That would be an interesting relationship to get feedback on.      Without Benton, Marcino is one of more interesting characters in book.  Let's here about what makes him tick, what made him the person he is. <br />Just as an aside, my favorite Mystery series are those by Elizabeth George feature Lynley and Havers (and Simon and Helen and Deborah).  That series leaves me begging for more.  Go read them if you want to read a literary mystery series without a whining lead character.
B00004Y2QS|5.0|Rave Un2 the year 2000 is simply Prince at his best. With guest appearances by George Clinton, The Time, Maceo Parker, Larry Graham and Lenny Kravitz, this release is evidence that Prince is the master when it comes to fusing all musical genres. And He does it with such ease. Rave 2000 displays a show that even non-prince fans would have to take their hat off too. From the hits Let's Go Crazy, Kiss to Purple Rain, to the funk of the new album &quot;Rave un2 the Joy fantastic&quot;, Prince is back and shows that he is still the performer he was in 1984. Guitar playing to rival Hendrix and Santana, dance moves that blow the King of Pop out the the arena...Let's face it, you have to be a Prince before your king anyway.
B00004T1NA|4.0|Everyone is entitled to their opinions (at least, if they ADMIT that it's an opinion and don't try to push it off as absolute fact), but take with a grain of salt the words of &quot;a music fan&quot; from San Francisco.  Of course, I happen to like Radiohead too, and I am a long-time devout prog rock fan (King Crimson, Yes, Genesis, National Health, Magma, etc.)<br />I have made comparisons between P.T. and Radiohead too, and I think that this album definitely shares elements with &quot;The Bends&quot; and &quot;OK Computer.&quot;  There are also strong hints of Pink Floyd (especially in &quot;Russia on Ice&quot;).<br />I think musically this album is more compelling than &quot;Stupid Dream,&quot; with great prog moments and excellent playing, and some admittedly commercially-accessible elements as well (not that that's inherently bad).  It lacks some of the trite (or insipid) musical and -- especially -- lyrical elements that bothered me with &quot;Stupid Dream.&quot;<br />This gets my vote for best album of 2000 -- over &quot;Kid A&quot; and even King Crimson's &quot;The ConstruKction of Light&quot; -- though I would still strongly recommend those as well.
1556589433|2.0|Well i gave it a chance but sorry, it simply was too slow for my taste.  While Meryl Streep was brilliant as Sophy the story simply dragged along and I lost interest.  I may go back and see the edning but I highly doubt it.  If there is a compelling story here, or message I did not see it.  It would have been better to skip some of the unnecessary scenes and draw the viewr in from the beginning rather then slow pace it along.  It may have been great for 82, but for today's fast pace audience it doesn't work very well.  I had to put on Friday the 13th, afterwards in order not to feel cheated out of watching a video, now there is a film with action!
0783240503|3.0|A very lavish production.  Technically well done.  a little lacking in acting ability.  Musically excellent.  Movement from ancient story to modern school is a little awkward.  Overall, an enjoyable show.
B00003CXDU|5.0|This was one of the funniest movies that has come out in a long time.  I was in stitches when they were down on the planet and Guy thought he was going to die. Maybe it's because I like startrek and have watched most of the episodes so I got all of the jokes.  Though my aunt loved it and she dislikes StarTrek like nobodys business, so even if your not a star trek fan, you'll still have a really good laugh.  I recommend it 100%
630289915X|5.0|&quot;One man's life touches so many others.&quot; That's what George Bailey's (Stewart) guardian angel Clarance (Henry Travers) says after George sees what happened when he wished he never existed. If you have seen this movie and don't like it, plese think about some of its memorable scenes. If the final scene doesn't leave you touched,your heart as three times too small.
0375501851|5.0|The London of Zadie Smith's White Teeth is a crazy place, a hotbed for the battle of generations, sexes, and nationalities. Erudite and irreverent, White Teeth traces the lives of just a few of London's inhabitants, namely the Joneses, the Iqbals, and the Chalfens. These families find themselves intertwined in various ways and their connection is the focal point of the novel. Smith delves into the issues at heart in many big cities that shelter immigrants. As Bangladeshi immigrants, Samad and Alsana must come to terms with living in a country constantly looks upon them as outsiders. As their twin sons Millat and Magid grow, Samad fears that Western culture will begin to separate the boys from the Muslim faith. His decision to send Magid back to his homeland has lasting repurcussions for all of the key characters.<br />Meanwhile, the docile Archie has married the beautiful Clara Bowden whose roots can be traced back to the plantations of Jamaica. Their child Irie wrestles with feelings of inadequacy brought on by her multiracial beginnings. Her love for her parents and her passion for Millat are constantly tempered by self-doubt and hostility. Irie also knows how it feels to be an outcast or perceived as different.<br />Through it all, Smith adeptly melds tragedy with comedy. Her characters are rich. The strongest chapters of the novel appear later as the Chalfen family attempts to &quot;save&quot; Millat and Irie. Her approach to religion and popular culture are especially entertaining. There is something decisively British about her humour even if the London setting is merely a microcosm for the Western world. Through her humour Smith tackles some very real issues: the battle between the &quot;materialist&quot; West and the &quot;traditional&quot; values of other cultures. The search for an identity seems to plague all of her characters regardless of age, sex, or race.
0553212443|5.0|One of the greatest contribution to Literature and Life. A must-read for everyone,regardless of age. Although Dicken wrote it back in December,1843,It still very much related to this very day.  This book suits every era and even more now into the 21st century. It showed a great example what's is Christmas all about. Sharing,loving and giving... <br />Charles Dicken's timeless classic about a miser,Ebenezer Scrooge whom couldn't understand the true spirit of Christmas. However with helps from 3 Spirits(ghosts) namely  Ghost of Christmas Past,Ghost of Christmas Present and Ghost of Christmas Future,each showing him envisions of his past,present and what will happened if he continue being mean and a miser.<br />He came to face up with his pasts, realised his mistakes and turned a new leaf and became grateful to life and learn to be loving and giving.   He also learnt to be appreciate people around him and learnt to share his life with his nephew and helped less fortunate people like Tiny Tim. Eventually he honour Christmas in his heart.<br />May Dicken's brilliant prose always be remembered. I quote: &quot;I have endeavoured in this Ghostly little book, to raise the Ghost of an Idea, which shall not put my readers out of humour with themselves, with each other, with the season, or with me. May it haunt their houses pleasantly, and no one wish to lay it.&quot; CD
B00000J6AG|3.0|When listening to Moby's magnum opus, I couldn't help but notice the similarity to benign pop sclock like Will Smiths 'Get Jiggy With It', as opposed to brilliant electronica like Fat Boy Slims 'Praise You'. As much as I enjoyed this disc, it just feels a little too cookie cutter, as opposed to the break through master piece it's been hailed as.
0441172717|5.0|Read this book, you won't be dissapointed.  It has everything you could desire in a work of literature:  strong characters, originality, and literary depth, mixed with a healthy dose of action and an exciting science fiction setting.<br />A warning: fans who like action or adventure in their science fiction might find books 2,3, and 4 of the series somewhat dool, and those looking for light reading will be dissapointed.  However, books 5 and 6 are great reading.
B00000J6AG|3.0|When listening to Moby's magnum opus, I couldn't help but notice the similarity to benign pop sclock like Will Smiths 'Get Jiggy With It', as opposed to brilliant electronica like Fat Boy Slims 'Praise You'. As much as I enjoyed this disc, it just feels a little too cookie cutter, as opposed to the break through master piece it's been hailed as.
0790729385|5.0|I dont know what it was about this movie.  I saw it last night and let me tell you..i was trembeling with fear.  I've never felt that before..and i'm not one to get scared at movies.   [Other horror films?] come on..this movie deserved best horror film in '73.  I dont know if it is because of my religous beliefs, but after the movie i wanted to go to church..ha..thats' how scary it was.  I've talked to people who arent religous and they say that it wasnt scary..so you be the judge.
6305537798|4.0|Okay, this is not Kenneth Brannagh's Henry V.  But I was most pleasantly surprised to find that this made sense out of a tricky Shakespeare play and that it did not wallow in the gross-out depths that teen flicks so often wallow in.  In fact, it floated, with buoyant dialogue, gleeful mischief, stunning location shooting in the Puget Sound area, nicely paced direction and editing, and solid performances by a young cast.  While portraying affluent suburban white teens, it also drops a wry comment on the popular Dawson Creek/media representation of the generation. This not only entertains, it could get teens and adults talking about filmmaking, Shakespeare, love, music and other things that matter in a positive way.
6305648522|5.0|Perfection in filmaking. Poignant and nostalgic, at times as hilarious as it is bittersweet without being overly sentimental. Bellissimo!.
B000002GBD|4.0|This heavy metal band from the 70s is my favorite. And I would say that they are the best and the heaviest from the 70s. One other band that I would have to compare with Nazareth is Armored Saint. They also have pretty good heavy metal, but I still say that Nazareth is the best.
0767803434|5.0|harrison ford is certainly better atportraying a president than anythingthat the country will have in the nearfuture.ford makes you believe(almost)that he actually could take on a 747full of terrorists that wiped out hisentire secret service detail,and defeatthem thoroughly.this is the kind ofaction movie that DVD was made for.the picture quality &amp; special effectswill spoil you for wasting $8.00 pluscarfare,popcorn &amp; soda,money to go toa movie,when you can see the same thing at home,a lot cheaper.
B000002UE9|4.0|I would have to say that Poison is the best hard rock group of their time and their type. I also really like the inflection, or you could also say the character, that they put into all their songs. One of their songs, which I would have to say is their best, that I just love is &quot;Nothin but a Good Time&quot;. That is really one of my most favorite songs I have ever heard. How Can I Resist?
630428540X|5.0|I watched this 3 times and each time, it makes me reflect about what life is all about.  It's a very moving story.  All the issues are very real: how your &quot;friends&quot; reacted due to their own unresolved fears, how one gets really scared when you can't handle the truth.  It's also about love and friendship.<br />I aboslutely love John Travolta's acting in this movie.  You can actually feel how contented he was at the beginning of the show when he was with his beer buddies celebrating his birthday and how that transformed into confusion and fear when things were happening to him.  I could feel his fear like a child who does not understand how the world operates.  And kudos to Kyra S. and her wonderful acting as a loving mother and hurt woman who only want peace in her new life.<br />This is a GREAT movie that makes you reflect about what life is all about and it makes you cry, so get those hankies out!
B00000K19E|5.0|... that everybody raves about this DVD.  I hate using descriptions like &quot;a must have DVD&quot; or the &quot;one of the best DVDs ever made&quot;, but in the case of the Matrix, these comments may well be appropriate.<br />The Matrix is a story that takes place in a post apocalyptic future where machines rule the earth and keep the majority of humanity complacently asleep in a virtual reality 20th century world.  A small band of rebels, lead by the enigmatic Morpheous, cross back and forth between the real world and virtual reality in search of &quot;the one&quot; who will help them understand the secret of the Matrix and finally free humanity.<br />The Matrix takes a very original premise and executes it brilliantly.  It manages to maintain a fairly complex plot while interleaving great action sequences and some fantastic special effects.  There are strong performances by Laurence Fishburn (Morpheous) and Hugo Weaving (Agent Smith), who contribute heavily to the film.  Even Keanu Reeves provides a respectable showing as a major character, Neo.  The films played heavily to his strengths ... basically he dresses up in cool trendy clothes and looks good.<br />While some of the techniques used in the film are not new to either Hollywood (see Blade) or any of the Hong Kong actions films, a great many new types of effects were created for the film.  The visual effects and overall &quot;look&quot; of the film are incredibly well designed.  Most importantly, the special effects are used to complement the plot and keep the pace of the movie going, they do not replace the plot like so many other big budget FX movies.  This is the best part of owning the DVD.  When using the &quot;white rabbit&quot; option, you can jump in and out of the movie to see how particular sequences were filmed.  I do not own another DVD that integrates the special materials this effectively.<br />The special edition DVD did not really offer much new material, I am not sure why you would want the special edition over the original DVD, other than a celluloid film strip.<br />Hip, stylish and trend defining, this movies has strong performances, interesting storyline, great acting and fantastic DVD extras.  What else could you ask for (besides a sequel)
0152023984|5.0|I read this about 2 years ago, before this book was popularised by the press.  It's wonderful.  Makes me realised how much I have become an &quot;adult&quot; and not being able to see things like a child.  Don't get me wrong - I am not saying we shouldn't grow up.  The truth is, we sometimes complicate matters unnecessarily just because it seems to be the &quot;grown-up&quot; way of doing things.  If only we can combine the practicality of grown-ups and the clarity of children.  This is a must-read.
B00000IJPU|5.0|Replacing Man on the Edge with Flight of Icarus would have been a good move for this to be a &quot;best of&quot; compilation.
B00004HYLF|4.0|This recording has long been touted as a fusion masterpiece. I think it is a very good CD, but a little excessive. The medieval theme is nice, but a tad bit overdone. One cut I have nothing but praise for, however, is the title track. WOW! The beautiful acoustic guitar and piano on this have a more &quot;down to Earth&quot; feel than most of this spacey CD, but the jams on the title track are straight-up TO DIE FOR! Al DiMeola shows EXACTLY why he is so revered on this tune, but the whole band is absolutely stunning on it as well. Not to dismiss the rest of &quot;Romantic Warrior&quot;, though. I like &quot;Majestic Dance&quot; a lot, too and &quot;Duel of the Jester &amp; Tyrant&quot; is really interesting. Every song on the CD is worth a listen, those are just the highlights for me.
B00004Y7SF|1.0|Why is it that every popular artist feels that he or she must come out with a christmas cd?  Mariah Carey, NSYNC, and many others simply detroy the wonderful music of this holiday.  Christina only adds to this list.  Christmas is not about pop music.  My Kind of Christmas is an awful example of what people do to christmas.  She should just stay with her regular pop sound.  This sound doesn't work for the holiday season.  If you're in need of a christmas cd, pick up the 98 degrees' holiday album.  It's great because they don't change the beautiful songs of christmas.  98 degrees are the exception to these other popular artists.  They sing the holiday classics the way they were meant to be sung.  Christina doesn't, and the result is My Kind of Christmas.
0553296981|5.0|I am shocked to see so many negative comments about this book!  I think that the previous (negative)reviewers are forgetting that this was not written to entertain - it is a diary not a novel!  People should realize when they read this that they are reading a piece of history.  How lucky we are to have this - a diary from the war - it is a treasure!<br />I admire Anne Frank.  Some negative reviewers said that there is nothing to admire about Anne - that she only reacted to a situation that she had no choice but to be in.  They also stated that she is not a good writer - but I disagree.  I admire the way she was able to see herself and to be able to put her thoughts and feelings into words.  I tried keeping a diary myself, but found that the only things I put in it were descriptions of my daily events - I was unable to portray any emotion or feelings.<br />I loved this book because it is about the holocaust which is one of the most significant events in history.  It is an easy way to learn about the holocaust.  Obviously if someone is looking for extensive knowledge regarding this then a diary of a young lady is not the right type of book.  But for those of you who would like to learn about it from someone who was there - then this is the book for you.<br />And, for those who have negative comments - try keeping a diary and let's see if yours is interesting enough to be published - let alone considered to be one of the best books of all time!
B000028U0Y|5.0|Those of you who've heard of the Man In Black but have abstained from buying any of his records should know that to call Cash's music &quot;Country&quot; is limiting.  There are no violins, banjos, pedal-steel guitars, or even pianos on this record.  Just Johnny's dark voice, two guitars, a bass and tiny drum kit.  It would be appropriate to call Cash's music &quot;rockabilly&quot; more than anything else.  This album from 1968 serves as a great introduction into the Cash songbook.  It's also a fantastic live album.  Even as early as the late 60's, Cash predicts a sad fate for the working man in the 7-minute epic &quot;The Legend Of John Henry's Hammer&quot;, as technology takes over the need for strong arms &amp; dutiful minds.  &quot;Cocaine Blues&quot; tells of a man fleeing from the law after killing his woman in a drug-fueled rage.  There is also the absolutely frightening &quot;25 Minutes To Go&quot;, as a man counts down the last minutes of his life before he is hanged (&quot;I can see the buzzards, I can hear the crows / One more minute to go&quot;).  Cash's influence on early rock n' roll is more than obvious here.<br />Years before Keith Richards or Jim Morrison, there was Johnny Cash, telling tales of murder and drug abuse long before it became fashionable (you also have to remember how conservative country music is in the first place).  You can give accolades to other rock n' roll rebels all you want, but before there was even such a thing as rock n' roll, Johnny Cash had already played his obligatory engagements at the Grand Ole Opry - just to smash the stagelights.
B000003TA4|5.0|Nivana's first album Bleach came out and nobody noticed, even though its good, but then in 1991 it all changed one somg one man and after it all only one band really mattered. The band was touring when the song &quot;smells like teen spirt&quot; took the USA by storm. After that three peoples lives were changed forever. All thanks to four chords! The album is filled with punk energised rawness, &quot;in bloom&quot;, Come as you are&quot; and &quot;lithium&quot; folowed and helped the band grow into world superstars. nearly ten years on people are talking about this album and rightly so. Nirvana may have been short but it was certainly sweet
B00003CXE6|2.0|After much Hollywood hoopla in the media I decided to see this movie and I was disappointed at the typical way Hollywood drops the ball. Now if I spent a few million bucks on making a movie I would check some facts like,the Romans did not speak Italian,  Latin was the spoken language and did anyone catch the sound byte at the start of the film, the big battle the inhabitants of Germainia war chant was taken right from the movie Zulu with Michael Caine.Now what was wrong with the'German'actors chanting for themselves,what not enough SAG cards to go around.<br />Now the rest of the movie was well worth watching but I would not buy it on DVD or VHS it is barely is rentable,a real shame too because there is some excellent acting, notable was Oliver Reed.<br />Better luck next time Hollywood.
B00004Y7SF|4.0|In a time when musical careers often flame out in a year or two, it's best to be prolific. Taking that idea to heart, Christina releases this set of 11 holiday songs on the heels of her first Spanish-language release, Mi Reflejo. On her multiplatinum 1999 self-titled debut, Aguilera established herself as one teen pop queen who can actually sing. She is not supposed to be Streisand, Spears, or anyone but herself.<br />Here she hones her craft on such traditional carols as &quot;Oh Holy Night&quot; and &quot;Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas&quot; as well as on a bluesy spin of &quot;Angels We Have Heard on High.&quot; She duets with Dr. John for the jazz-infused &quot;Merry Christmas, Baby&quot; and sets &quot;The Christmas Song&quot; to a kickin' dance beat. The classics serve Aguilera well, and she emotionally shimmers on new cuts such as Diane Warren's painful &quot;These Are the Special Times&quot; and &quot;Christmas Time&quot;.<br />A pop queen who can actually sing, Christina shimmers and shakes around your audio Christmas tree.
0552137030|5.0|Opening this book and reading a page may leave you unable to perform any other activities until you have finished it. It is very likely that it will become your all time favorite book, and you will be seized by an overwhelming compulsion to read all of Neil Gaiman and Terry Pratchett's other novels. You may find you yourself quoting entire passages to complete strangers, laughing out loud in public when you think of this book, and purchasing Best of Queen tapes at every convenient source. You may loan it out or buy copies for all of your friends and family one year, and start checking regularly on the internet for news of the Good Omens movie, directed by Terry Gilliam. And that's just the start.<br />A disclaimer is needed, for a book that is this much fun. <br />I read this book for the first time when I was eleven years old, and even though I didn't understand all of the jokes or references, I already loved it. I am now eighteen, and have re-read it many times since then. I still enjoy it just as much as I did reading it for the first time.<br />As for the storyline... well it all starts in the garden of Eden, where the first rainstorm is beginning to break. An angel (who has mysteriously misplaced his flaming sword) and a serpent of a very suspicious nature stop to have a chat, thus beginning a long and steady, if rather odd friendship.<br />This friendship follows the two angels, one fallen (Crowley)and one upstanding (Azeriphale), into the twentieth century where they must find the antichrist and determine the fate of the world. This isn't as easy as it sounds. The antichrist has been...misplaced, and the storyline is further complicated by prophetesses, a witch, witch hunters, satanic nuns, overly agressive management trainees, tibetans, troublesome children, motorcyclists, and...Elvis.  On top of it all, Azeriphale and Crowley are starting to have doubts about whether or not the Apocalypse should happen at all...<br />so read this book and enjoy it immensely. You'll never be able to look at The Book of Revelations the same way again.
B00004XONN|4.0|Radiohead's new album, Kid A was named in honor of the first human clone, according to frontman Thom Yorke. The dedication is apt. <br />The album, while beautiful throughout, is a decidedly unnatural step in Radiohead's stunning four-album evolution. The band has transformed with each album- from the decidedly inauspicious Pablo Honey to the gorgeous arena pop of The Bends to the sprawling, paranoid masterwork of O.K. Computer to this? <br />After the aforementioned three album swell in thematic intensity, Radiohead has opted to unleash a disquietingly cold album. The usual Radiohead theme of alienation in the modern world remains, but the band's sound and arrangement style have taken a decidedly electronic twist. As the opening track, &quot;Everything In It's Right Place&quot; shows, this is not U2-style psuedo-electronica. <br />&quot;Everything&quot; is a dissonant collage of humming Wurlitzer piano and garbled, digitally manipulated vocals that would make Aphex Twin proud. The band ventures into the realm of instrumental ambience with &quot;Treefingers&quot; and &quot;Idioteque&quot;, with it's hard-edged beat, is fit for the dancefloor. Guitars are noticeably absent on all of these tracks. <br />To the delight of Radiohead fans, though, the band includes several songs that vaguely resemble the entrancing arrangements of The Bends and O.K. Computer. &quot;Optimistic&quot; is anthemic, arrogant classic rock built around a shimmering guitar riff. &quot;In Limbo&quot; is a melancholy and hypnotic lullaby; Yorke's plaintive cries of &quot;I'm lost at sea/Don't bother me&quot; and &quot;You're living in a fantasy world&quot; echo while gentle waves of guitar drone in the background. &quot;The National Anthem&quot; is easily the most menacing track on the album. The song begins with a simple, seething bass line and abruptly erodes into a free jazz freakout when a vicious slew of horns breaks in halfway through the song. <br />Elsewhere in the album, Radiohead displays some of their finest songcraft yet. &quot;How To Disappear Completely&quot;, an acoustic ballad with a lush arrangement, has a sweet, magisterial power on par with any of R.E.M.'s best songs. &quot;Motion Picture Soundtrack&quot;, the album's final song, is a romantic's beautiful suicide note nested in a tonal bed of organs, harps, and strings. These two songs alone should appease those looking for the more radio-friendly Radiohead of The Bends. <br />Lyrically, the album is a fascinating amalgam of paranoia, repetition, and drama. Lyrics like &quot;Big fish eat the little ones&quot; and &quot;Cheap sex and sad films help me get where I belong&quot; show that the band's glum worldview has not changed dramatically, though their way of expressing it has. Yorke, the lead singer, sings evocatively cynical lines over and over again on nearly every song, creating an almost sing-song quality. His voice, like on all the band's albums, is the centerpiece of each song; his plaintive falsetto still conjures goosebumps. <br />Kid A confirms what the initiated already knew: Radiohead may be the most vital and creative band out there today. While this album may seem intentionally disorienting at times, it holds its own with the bands best work due to its intriguing variety of songs and moods. Some might say that the album lacks the epic proportions of 1997's O.K. Computer, but Kid A is simply a more difficult listen. Repeated listens reveal an album that, though harsh and dense on the surface, is stunning in its austerity and focus. Most importantly, though, Kid A continues the rapid, almost freakish, evolution of one great band.
0064407667|4.0|Being a children's author myself I know how hard it is to write an exciting book that appeals to both kids and adults. Well Mr. Snicket has done it. The adventures of these  wonderful children is like Oliver Twist times three. If you are a parent your kids will not only love the writing but learn quite a lot. Lemony has a very clever way of teaching new words. And he does this at the same time he keeps the story compelling. Thank you for a great read.
0446310786|5.0|To Kill A Mockingbird by Harper Lee is an excellent novel that is told from the view of a young girl.  Her name is Jean Louise Finch, but they call her Scout; and she is just beginning first grade as the story begins.  Her mother died before she ever really knew her, so this left her father Atticus Finch and their cook Calpurnia watching out for Scout and her older brother Jem Finch.  They live in the fictional town of Maycomb, Alabama.  The story begins in the summer of 1933 and ends on Halloween night of 1935.  At this time the majority of the town is racially prejudice.  Scout and Jem are learning from their father how to treat others, and they are gradually maturing from the beginning to the end.  In part one of the book, Scout, Jem, and their friend Dill are trying to get their neighbor, Boo Radley, to come out and play.  Boo is a grown man that is kept inside their house and isn't ever let out.  When Boo was a teenager he got in trouble, and his father locked him inside the house.  After Boo's father died, Boo's older brother Nathan Radley comes and takes their father's place.  Nobody ever sees Boo, but the kid's gossip describes him as mean and ugly.  The kid's attempts are not successful for getting Boo to come out.  In part two of the book, Tom Robinson, a local black man, is accused of raping Mayella Ewell.  Mayella is the nineteen-year-old daughter of Bob Ewell.  Bob is a poor farmer who makes no attempt to live with dignity.  He spends his state relief checks on liquor and often abuses his children.  When school starts his children go for the first day and don't ever go back for the rest of the year.  They live right next to the town dumpsters and they have a garbage filled yard.  Judge Taylor assigns Atticus Finch to be Tom's lawyer, because he knows that Atticus is the only lawyer that has compassion for black people.  Atticus fulfills his job to the highest of his ability even though the consequence from it is almost unbearable for him and his kids.This was a wonderful novel that I would recommend to anybody. The first thing you will learn from it is the need for compassion and understanding.  The second thing it will teach you is the need for conscience and courage.  This novel shows how people really treat others, and it teaches people how they should treat others.
0767836286|2.0|The most enjoyable thing about &quot;Arlington Road&quot; is keeping a running count of (A) the directorial cliches it employs, and (B) the numerous plot holes that not only strain credulity, but rip it into tiny pieces and flush it right down the toilet. Let's just say both are in the double digits, most coming in the last 20 minutes of the film. <br />The basic idea here is great: the mild-mannered terrorist next door. But getting from there to the film's preposterous ending in one believable piece is something these writers were simply not capable of, even if the actors were.
059035342X|5.0|I needed to read a book for an english class so I read the first two Harry Potter books.  The first book eases you into life of Harry Potter.  A kid who gets treated badly by the only family he has-his uncles, aunt, and cousin.  I really enjoyed this book because unlike many other books I have read, I actually finished this one.  The author J.K. Rowling is brilliant because she creates a 4 or 5 books series that will keep readers waiting to see what happens next.  Although I read the 2nd Book first, the first book was good as well. So far, the two books have morals lessons in them that kids, as well as adults can learn.  I am not going to discuss those lesoons because you'll have to read the book and find out for yourself.  I gave this book five stars because I read it in a day and a half.  That is the fastest I have ever read a book, and it's beacause the book is easy reading for someone who is bored out of their mind with nothing else to do.  So buy this book and buy the other four or five books too, cuz they will help you pass time quickly when you ride on the BART train.
B000002AV5|5.0|Most of the Best of Compact Disks lack consistency.  This CD is an exception.  I listen to this CD frequently as it very smooth and relaxing.  The CD also includes some of the best ballads (Kiss of Life, Your Love is King, No Ordinary Love).  The CD has inspired an interest in earlier work, Diamond Life and Promise.  If I could have added any other songs it would have been Frankie's First Love Affair, and How Am I Going to Make a Living.  However I don't think these were released as singles.  Buy this CD!
B00004YA66|5.0|This is one of those movies that surprised both me and my wife in a very pleasant way.  <br />Dennis Quaid and James Caviezel are father and son seperated by the father's death some 30 years earlier.  Through a freak solar and atmospheric occurence, they are able to communicate through time via the father's short-wave radio.  <br />Seeing the father with his son, as a 6-year old, in 1969 and their interaction 30 years later, is wonderful to watch.  What starts as a touching reunion turns into a taut thriller as the son realizes that his interaction with his father has caused tragic and unexpected results.<br />The question that comes to mind is this.  If you could save a loved one, would you do it if the result meant things about your life (or other people's) might change, for better or worse?  <br />Dennis Quaid plays the working class, NY fireman as both loving and a bit hard-nosed.  James Caviezel is great to watch as the son who has grown into a man who is not what he or his father envisioned, but who has a chance to redeem himself.  If you have children, many of the situations will tug at your heart, but this movie is not pandering to your base emotions.  It shows the paths that each life takes based on decisions and fate and makes you think about what is in store for each of us.  <br />Some plot issues are glossed over a bit, but they do not interfere with the enjoyment of the film.  The setting in the middle-class New York neighborhood gives a nice feel to the film and it is nice to see a movie that can show gritty realism and heart-warming interaction in the same two hours.<br />The video transfer of this DVD is very good and the audio will have you looking over your shoulder if you have a surround sound system.  There are quite a few extras to sift through as well.  <br />Load this disc, sit back in a comfy chair and be entertained.
B000002N3J|4.0|Great collection of songs but &quot;Bad Girl&quot; and &quot;Justify My Love&quot; should have definitely been included. I could have done without &quot;Crazy for You&quot; and &quot;Oh Father&quot;. I don't think they really fit and other choices would have been better. Otherwise, &quot;I Want You&quot; and &quot;Love Don't Live Here Anymore&quot;, as well as &quot;You'll See&quot; are great. I personally like a lot of the Erotica album songs such as Fever, Erotica and Bad Girl.
B000005RUV|4.0|Wham had some good songs together.Careless Whisper was my cut.everything she wants is also a great cut especially the long version.they made happy go lucky music but yet there was something to it as well.i dig this set.George Michael went on to achieve even more.
B00002MZ4W|4.0|Musically, this album is better than anything I could ever produce. (That might not be saying much. Whatever.) The piano on &quot;Love Ridden&quot; is so beautiful, and I keep listening to the CD for track 4 even though I haven't been through a breakup in a long time. &quot;Paper Bag&quot; is kind of haunting, and I can relate so much to the lyrics. I always start singing it in my head when I pass my crush in the hallway. I love this album because it means something to me personally.
6302909651|3.0|Sexually inactive book editor Carly Norris (Sharon Stone) gets a new apartment in a Manhattan high rise before learning that the previous tenant went over the railing to her death.  She does a little microfiche sleuthing and finds that other tenants have met untimely ends.  Seems that evil is aloft.  Meanwhile she meets two guys intent on releasing her from the sexual doldrums, one a best selling macho writer (Tom Berenger), the other a pretty boy with charm (William Baldwin).  Somebody mysteriously gives her a telescope so she can check the action through the windows of the high rises around town. Seems strange.  Meanwhile we are flashed shots of the tenants as though caught on video tape.  Stone opts for Baldwin who seduces her. (I have some comments on THAT, but we'll skip them here.)  Afterward it is revealed that he owns the apartment and has set up surveillance cameras in the walls to spy on the inhabitants.<br />I forget what this is ripped off from-maybe Crawlspace (1986)-but believe it or not, there was a man in Alaska a few years back who actually did this sort of spying on a modest scale.  He had a four-plex or the like with peep holes in the bathroom, etc.  It was on the news.  Here we have high tech spying from a full-blown &quot;war room&quot; with monitors along the wall and an easy chair.  Charming boy Baldwin truly likes to watch.<br />The main problem with this film is the source material.  Ira Levin, who penned the novel, never presumed to literature while managing a very successful career shocking the book club set with such made-into-movie hits as Rosemary's Baby and The Stepford Wives.  His first success, and perhaps the only genuine book he ever published, was No Time for Sergeants from the fifties.  The other novels suffer from flashy fake premises that lead to psychological waters never fully navigated.  In Sliver what is not engaged is the character of a man who would choose to spy on his neighbors as a way of life.  It is like throwing him into a grab bag to make him into your standard issue psycho killer.  As such he is left unexplored.<br />A secondary problem is Phillip Noyce's uninspired and underdeveloped direction.  We can see, even without reading the novel, that heroine Carly Norris was a somewhat frumpy, sexually fallow woman headed straight for matronhood.  If only they had had the guts to play her full out like that.  But Stone seemed ill at ease in such an unfamiliar role and Noyce couldn't be bothered with nuances.  A tertiary problem is the casting of Stone in the first place.  It might be said that Miss Stone, with her on-screen rapacious sexual appetite and her success at any cost cinematic persona, is truly a woman for the `nineties.  (If so, it makes me long for the woman of the `oughts.)  At her best Stone is a professional without charm, but unless she is cast as a ..., evil, predatory female, she just doesn't cut it at all.  In the war room she reverts partially to her usual persona as she goes along with Baldwin's sick program, and she comes to life.  Here we glimpse what might have been done with the premise: the surveillance cameras strip away all privacy and for a moment the man who welds them is exposed as a Nazi-like monster, while she is confronted with her own compromised nature.<br />A final problem is the ending.  Too bad I can't discuss it here.  I will say she tells &quot;charming boy&quot; to &quot;Get a life.&quot;  That's quote, unquote.  That seems a little understated.  Perhaps Noyce was aiming for bathos.into a grab bag to make him into your standard issue psycho killer.  As such he is left unexplored.<br />A secondary problem is Phillip Noyce's uninspired and underdeveloped direction.  We can see, even without reading the novel, that heroine Carly Norris was a somewhat frumpy, sexually fallow woman headed straight for matronhood.  If only they had had the guts to play her full out like that.  But Stone seemed ill at ease in such an unfamiliar role and Noyce couldn't be bothered with nuances.     A tertiary problem is the casting of Stone in the first place.  It might be said that Miss Stone, with her on-screen rapacious sexual appetite and her success at any cost cinematic persona, is truly a woman for the `nineties.  (If so, it makes me long for the woman of the `oughts.)  At her best Stone is a professional without charm, but unless she is cast as a ..., evil, predatory female, she just doesn't cut it at all.  In the war room she reverts partially to her usual persona as she goes along with Baldwin's sick program, and she comes to life.  Here we glimpse what might have been done with the premise: the surveillance cameras strip away all privacy and for a moment the man who welds them is exposed as a Nazi-like monster, while she is confronted with her own compromised nature.<br />A final problem is the ending.  Too bad I can't discuss it here.  I will say she tells &quot;charming boy&quot; to &quot;Get a life.&quot;  That's quote, unquote.  That seems a little understated.  Perhaps Noyce was aiming for bathos.
0805062971|5.0|Chuck Palahniuk's first novel Fight Club is an excellent mind-twisting experience!  Palahniuk really knows how to get your blood pumping and your mind racing with his powerful and idealistic style of writing in Fight Club.  If you heard that Fight Club was all about fighting, then you're wrong. Yes, there is some fighting in the book, but it is there for a purpose. So don't judge the book by its title. Fight Club has many strong ideas about the new, Generation X society, like what we will become from ourselves and from our actions.  In Fight Club success is determined from what you don't have. <br />The book is told from the point of view of an unnamed man.  He works as a type of recall coordinator for a major car company.  He lives in this expensive condo with all the trimmings and accessories.  He is bored of his everyday life, day in and day out of the same thing.  He is destroying himself and he never really knows it.  He also has insomnia.  His doctor tells him to go to these support groups to view some real pain, in which he does, and he becomes addicted. The support groups help him sleep. Then he meets Marla Singer, she, is another faker, who isn't really dying at all, or what he thinks that nothing is wrong with her. When both of their lies reflect, then he is back where he started, not sleeping.<br />The narrator soon meets Tyler Durden, a man who has total different views on society.  He believes that the only way to self-discovery is through self-destruction. &quot;Only until we lose everything, are we free to do anything&quot;.  Tyler and the narrator then form fight club.  A type of support group for men only.  \\"The first rule about fight club is that you don't talk about fight club\\".  Soon Tyler and the narrator take it up a notch and form &quot;Project Mayhem&quot; which was to lead to the complete and total destruction of society!<br />If you haven't seen &quot;Fight Club&quot; the movie or read the book, I highly recommend doing so.  Take the time and read the book first before the movie. It will make it a lot more interesting.
B00000DHR0|5.0|The album has a mix of catchy and lovely tunes for Christmas. It  opens with the traditional and majestic O Holy Night, featuring a combination of her gentle voice and the choir. The apt mix of carols, love songs, traditional Christmas music and warmth are all strong reasons why this album is a gem for Christmas. I especially like &quot;Don't Save It All For Christmas Day&quot; (one of the 2 rare songs Celine co-wrote, ever) because the lyrics are so true, topped with Celine's powerful voice at the end of the song. The album also contains 2 beautiful duets: I'm Your Angel and The Prayer which you will surely hold to your heart the moment you hear them. the last 2 tracks are especially lovely, when Celine sang with her whole family of 16, joining their voices in unison wishing us all Feliz Navidad. I can tuly say, every time I listen to this CD, well, These Are Special Times... God bless, and MERRY CHRISTMAS
B000007NYS|5.0|I bought Lucinda's Car Wheels On A Gravel Road CD because of the Steve Earle connection.  I quickly realized she didn't need anyone's name to stand strong.  I immediately went out and bought this self-titled release.  She's a genius storyteller.  She might even eclipse the mighty Dave Alvin when it comes to sincerity.  It is impossible to hear any of her songs without being transported to the places that Lucinda is singing of.  She'd be a... good writer even without the music.<br />  This CD isn't quite so polished as Car Wheels.  It's properly stripped down.  Jim Lauderdale, Pat Quinn &amp; Gurf Morlix supply the perfect complimentary backup vocals.  Morlix also supplies his usual master guitar work.  These songs are so simple in theory that it amazes me still that so few can do it well.  The Williams brand of love and pain and closure is refreshingly pure.  There's nothing contrived about it.  I seriously doubt that Lucinda Williams has it in her to produce a less than stunning record.<br />  Whatever you want to call it these days, folk/country/Americana, it's top of the line music by any standards.  My CD only has the original 12 tracks, so I can't really comment on the live stuff.  Still, I haven't heard enough bad songs from Lucinda to comprise an EP.  Give her a try...you'll want more.
B00004Y7SF|3.0|Christina Aguilera has a very good voice, I must say. POWERFUL, STRONG, DISTINCT and wide-ranging. I am not against Christina Aguilera, for I love her hits like I Turn To You and Come On Over. However, this album lacks some basic but important elements for Christmas!<br />I haven't heard the whole CD yet, but I was very disappointed with These Are Special Times when I heard it, thinking it would be a remarkable remake of Celine Dion's title song for her 1998 Christmas CD. The first portion was ok, until at the end of the song when the notes began to soar (like all Diane Warren songs always do LOL), she seems to lose all emotions and all is but a show-off of her voice. I cannot really appreciate her constant changing of chords and keys, which appears to be unnecessary when one hears Celine's version of that song.<br />This album, well, could have been hastily made since Christina recently cut a Spanish album. I still prefer her to seem pop to her remaking traditional Christmas music like O Holy Night etc. I can only say that this album can be much better in terms of emotions. <br />If you are looking for some Christmas music, try these titles: 1) Mariah Carey Merry Christmas 2) Cline Dion These Are Special Times 3) 98 deg. This Christmas
B000002HRE|5.0|Ok. <br />It is a shame how many of the Metallica 'fans' out there dislike this album. I'm not sure if this is because they genuinly do not like it, or because they think it is 'right' not to like it.<br />Maybe they only like the original stuff, and are not very open minded when it comes to music. That would be a shame, as I always believed that Metallica represented some of the best music going around these days - very good lyrics combined with exceptional melodies.<br />I had hoped fans would also be as musically literate, or accepting.<br />And, lets face it, nobody stays in the past - and Metallica are evolving, and it's not a bad thing, as you can follow their changes through their music.<br />ReLoad, often considered their worst now actually contains some fantastic music. I love playing it on my bass, as it is very melodic, and the lyrics discuss things which do matter, exploring the human condition. <br />Now, it is true that you cannot mosh to many songs on this, but there is always Fuel (and I recently got a DJ to play this at an alternative night - and it took a lot of convincing - but it got the dance floor heaving, and the mosh pit I started with a friend was great fun, and very friendly, and continued the whole night ! And the musicw as such a success he continued to play 3 Metallica songs, as well as many more similarly heavy bands for the rest of teh night !).<br />I am sorry, but you cannot expect a band to remain the same forever - and this is a fantastic album. One of my favourites (well, every Metallica album is one of my faves). Listen to Fixxxer, then tell me this album sucks - you can't really do it, 'cause it is a fantastic song. Emotional, melodic, nice to listen to and fun to play with your band. That is Metallica.<br />There's more to Metal than just fast music to mosh to. And Metallica are it.
0671867369|1.0|In \\"Band of Brothers\\" Stephen Ambrose tells the story of the men of E Company, 506th Parachute Infantry Regiment from their formation and training through their post war lives. The book is unequally divided into descriptions of the men's experiences pre-war, during the war and post war. Ambrose tells a good story and relates some lessons on leadership, humanity and war. Unfortunately, the lessons are clouded by the authors personal biases, hyperbole and lack of understanding about soldiers.<br />Much of the book is spent examining the Commanders of E Company, contrasting their leadership styles. The four commanders could be described as the Tyrant, the Stud, the Incompetent and the Drunk/Stud #2. Ambrose spends most of his time on the first two, CPT Sobel and CPT Winters. Sobel was E Companies first commander and though universally hated by his men, to include then Lieutenant Winters, he is grudgingly credited with much of the discipline and early success the company had. Winters is painted as the white knight savior of the company prior to their commitment on D-Day and an example of what a leader should be. The company's success under Winters more than reinforces that. At the same time, Ambrose glosses over some of Winters shortcomings and the reader is left with a feeling that he is almost too good to be real. With the benefit of hindsight, Ambrose magnifies all that is bad about Sobel and all that is good about Winters. One of the consistent themes of the book is that the experience of the men of E Company before and during the war molded them into who they became after the war. Ambrose makes a point of the fact that almost all of the men who survived are in contact with each other today, Sobel being a glaring exception (prior to his death). The title of the book is used frequently to describe what them men became as a result of the war. Yet he offers no compelling reason to believe that the bonding experience is any different than other, non-war activities. He presents as fact that the war formed the bond. He also indicates that the war made them better men than they would have been otherwise, implying that had there been no war to mold them, their lives would have taken darker, less brotherly paths. He presents no evidence of this and ignores similar bonding experiences of sports teams, fraternities or others. It is the sharing of a goal, sharing of danger, sharing of self that creates the bond, not war. Ambrose's views of war mirror his thoughts on the bonding experience. Though he quotes Gray (Warriors) and Keegan (Face of Battle) extensively, he seems to have missed their lessons entirely. Where Gray describes the horror of the war, Ambrose chooses to follow S.L.A. Marshal in attempting to glorify war. It is easy to conclude from \\"Band of Brothers\\" that as long as you survive a war, or at least die in defense of your 'brother,' you come out a better man. Like Brokaw, he lauds this so-called \\"Greatest Generation,\\" giving credit to their war time service for their peacetime actions. This concept ignores the senseless destruction of life and land that is war. It ignores the horrible effects on survivors and those left behind. It is a simple, romantic view of someone who has never served one day in the military. \\"Band of Brothers\\" is a nice story with some compelling lessons. But those lessons are like the good men of E Company. They are good despite of their war experiences, not because of them and Band of Brothers has lessons despite Ambrose, not because of him...
B00004TJTS|5.0|This movie was my &quot;surprise&quot; for the year.  I rented this movie for my children (6 and 8) to watch but I found myself as captivated by this movie as they were.  This is an excellent movie that can be understood by children and also appreciated by adults.  Adults looking for a great movie that's entertaining for themselves as well as their children ought to give the one a try and dog lovers definitely shouldn't miss this one!
B00004U3UG|4.0|This was a good movie but the picture wasn't that clear at times sometimes it was clear and some sceans where pretty grainy. Like the video version. My point is if your going to put a movie on dvd then make the whole movie in digital. Not 70% of it.
B00003CWN3|2.0|I had heard from a lot of people that this movie was brilliant and incredibly moving, etc. etc.  Watching it, I was struck by a few things: the acting was only so-so, the direction was bland, the use of camera was ordinary, the actors were often very hard to understand diction-wise, and the characters' motivations were often incomprehensible (feeling like you're trapped in a body of the wrong gender is a motivation I can understand to some extent--but the desire to go get drunk and be a redneck?  I don't get it at all), and, worst of all, the dramatic structure of the movie was very badly-done.  Instead of building to a climax, or an anti-climax, or anything effective, it just sort of happened.  Maybe that's because it's based on a true story, but in that case they just should've made a documentary.  In fact, if it hadn't been true I wouldn't've had any emotional reaction to it at all, because the style of the movie makes it seem completely unreal.  That said, if you want to see a really good, depressing, wonderfully acted movie about sexuality issues, see The Boys in the Band.
0393038912|2.0|I found this rather impenetrable book quite a disappointment. Firstly, it is not an easy read. I have never come across any other book making such extensive use of inverted commas. Terms such as &quot;civilisation&quot;, &quot;discovery&quot;, &quot;progress&quot;, &quot;barbarian&quot; and &quot;primitive&quot; are invariably given this syntactically diminishing treatment or are prefixed by &quot;so-called&quot;, whereas dubious and controversial terms such as &quot;racist&quot; and &quot;affirmative action&quot; do not, as if we're expected to take Diamond's assumptions about them at face value. <br />Next, it doesn't live up to its sub-title &quot;A Short History of Everybody for the Last 13,000 Years&quot;. Diamond rather seems to have striven to compile as much political (and politically correct) evidence as possible to explain why European and Asian people had such an apparent head start in the human race. The fact that the Egyptians (Africa) and Olmecs (America) had achieved an astonishingly advanced level of &quot;civilisation&quot; when us Europeans were still &quot;barbarian&quot; hunter-gatherers (look -  he's got me doing it now!) seems to be glossed over because it doesnt fit too comfortably with Diamond's theory. Diamond even conveniently lumps Nortern Africa in with Europe, when its demographics fit his theory better!  Quite early on, Diamond scoffs openly at the idea that civilisation is a laudable goal in itself. His statement that he finds New Guineans tend to be more intelligent than Europeans or Americans rather sets the tone for the rest of the book. Indeed, one could be forgiven for believing that New Guinea was and is the cradle of civilisation.<br />GG&amp;S does, in all fairness,  contain much fascinating material. The culture clash between Pizarro and Atahuallpa and the chapter covering the invention and spread of writing are exceptionally interesting. Diamond's political motives are however always apparent. For example the fact that the Spanish worked in collaboration with some ethnic american peoples (Zatopec etc) to assist in subjugating others, is glossed over - presumably to demonise those nasty Europeans yet further. This tends to make the reader suspicious of the author's motives in presenting such selective evidence and in asking us to trust him in the many assumptions he makes.  All things considered, I still feel GG&amp;S was worth reading (particularly if you're Eurasian and enjoy a guilt trip!), but you may find the author's hidden (and occasionally quite overt) agenda very irritating.  Surely we are more than mere automata with our destiny pre-ordained by environmental constraint?
B0000047EC|5.0|Notte. Voci lontane. Cani. Macchine nel buio. La tua stanza non &egrave; mai stata cos&igrave; piccola. E fredda. Non importa, non importa, continui a ripeterti. Ma non &egrave; cos&igrave;. Qualcosa per dormire. Dopo giorni e settimane. Niente incubi, per favore. Qualcosa di bello, questa volta. Ti ricordi quella musica, quel cd. Era IL cd per entrambi, lei voleva sempre quello. Ed anche tu, dopo. Ma non riesci a ricordare le canzoni, solo le prime due. &quot;Waltz for Ruth&quot; , che bell'inizio! Durante i baci. E &quot;Our Spanish love song&quot;. Questo sembra un'intera storia d'amore, raccontata da uno che &egrave; molto tranquillo, adesso. Le sue mani sui tuoi capelli. E le altre canzoni? Non &egrave; facile ricordare, adesso. Solo un pezzo ti torna in mente, anzi due, perch&eacute; ricordi quel film italiano. \\"paradiso\\"! Era cos&igrave; lungo, ma la musica...non sarebbe mai dovuta finire. Ok, ascolta. Per aiutarti a dormire. Dopo secoli. A sognare. Non a morire, prego. Suona. Bellissimo...troppo? Un cane si lamenta, vuole che la gente lo ascolti. Avanti. Non importa. C'&egrave; sempre un altro modo. Puoi guardarti, senza doverti vergognare. Non importa. La musica...cos&igrave; bella, da morie. Cos&igrave; bella, da vivere! Dormi ora. C'&egrave; una voce vicina, &egrave; per te. Una melodia circolare. Cos&igrave; semplice, quasi banale.  Un semplice giro di note, sempre lo stesso. Pat, Charlie, che state combinando? \\"Spiritual\\"...una voce tranquilla che ti racconta quante volte una persona pu&ograve; ripetere \\"non importa, non importa\\". Una voce tranquilla che ti racconta quanto &egrave; lontano il dolore...la solitudine...Ancora un giro, prego, per un sogno pieno di sogni sereni. \\"Spiritual\\", l'incredibile splendore di una cosa semplice. Dormi, questa musica ti assiste. Loro sanno perch&eacute;, credici, loro possono suonare questa musica senza scoprire alcunch&eacute; di nuovo. Tutto &egrave; stato gi&agrave; trovato. Ma...tu avevi dimenticato proprio questo. Buonanotte.
0380729407|5.0|This was a great book, no questions asked!  I dislike some of Bradbury's book, like &quot;Fahrenheit 451&quot;, but this was a great book.  I liked the way it kept you reading, making it hard to put the book down.  At the end of every chapter, there was that constant overhanging feeling of suspense,forcing you to dive even further into this ocean of a book.  The characterization was great, and the way Bradbury would switch from one scene to another to keep you updated was wonderful.  The characters from the book acted like your worst nightmares would actually act, making the book seem all the more real.  Even the beginning was exciting, unlike most books.  This horror book skips the hassle of blood and guts, and just gets right down to the real thing: an evil group of people only you realize aren't what they appear to be.  Not just another horror story with cardboard people and a stupid monster, this book really lets you get INTO the people in the book.  It can get confusing at some points, but that's part of the fun.  I recommend this book to sci-fi and fantasy lovers.  &quot;Something Wicked This Way Comes&quot; just goes to show, looks can be deceiving.
B00003CX5P|5.0|I don't get why people don't get this film.... They say that it didn't live up to expectations but it did.  All this film was about was to set up a story for the next two upcoming films.  We meet all the characters that are so important to the ulimate fall of Anakin Skywalker at the rise of Darth Vader.  We see how Senator Palpatine begins to take over the senate and turn it into the mighty Empire.  Even if you go back to Star Wars: A New Hope you can hear one of the officers mention of the total disbandenment of the old Senate.  People expected Star Wars all over again but its not. That was about the redemtion of Anakin this is about his fall. And to think that the best is yet to come gives me goose bumps ... Way to go George you did it again.
B000050XEI|4.0|Enya's work has always left me feeling intrigued and wanting more. This album ends a long waiting period, within which I satisfy my hunger by listening to different varieties of celtic music. When I bought it, I did not have any expectation other than the believe I will enjoy it as I have enjoyed Memory of Trees, the Celts, Shepherd Moon, Watermark and her compilation. Although Enya has not ventured too far away from her concept, she still emphasizes originality in her work, which is something I respect in an artist. My favorite of this album are Flora's Secret, Pilgrim and Silver Inches. A Day without Rain thoroughly shines through...
0380733358|5.0|I'll try not to reiterate too much of what other readers have written, as I agree with a lot of their comments. But I will say this: You know an author can develop a character when you find yourself rooting for the bad guy! &quot;Die Nadel&quot; is a fascinating character, and if he answered to Churchill instead of Hitler, you'd absolutely love him.  I put this book in my &quot;Top 10&quot;, and I'm looking forward to more of Ken Follet.
B00003CXE6|5.0|Simply the best picture of 2000 and perhaps for years. This is an instant classic... Russell Crowe sits with the greats like Kirk Douglas and Charlton Heston. Get this DVD... even better get Ben Hur and Spartacus and have a Roman Marathon.
B00004X01U|5.0|The cd starts out with some nice beats that you will not be able to sit still to...then it moves into a deeper trance-like feel. The cd is tight.  It has a definite groove.  I have always enjoyed Madonna's musical expressions...this one is a must have, especially for Madonna fans.
6300214540|4.0|I thought that this movie was incredible for it's time and how much of the actuall movie was true; based on the fact that there actually is a school out in miramar California named top gun for the best of the best pilots in the navy.  I thought that both kelly mcgillis and tom cruise did an excellent job together based on this movie and hope that they do more movies together
B000002UDB|4.0|Coming off what I believe to be their greatest album, &quot;Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band,&quot; The Beatles released &quot;Magical Mystery Tour,&quot; featuring songs from the movie and a collection of singles that had not appeared on an album before this one. Though many fans tend to overlook this album or view it as The Beatles resting on the laurels of Sgt. Pepper's, it has to rank among their best works.<br />The CD is clearly influenced by the psychadelic scene, but like they usually did with any musical style they used, The Beatles managed to make it thier own. Much like they had done on Sgt. Pepper's, The Beatles used several production tricks on this album. The concepts they had learned during the recording of Sgt. Pepper were put to work again, and the results were wonderful (but when these four got together, they usually were). The opening track is solid, and it is followed up by one of Paul's best songs while with the group, &quot;The Fool On The Hill.&quot; Next is the completely goofy instrumental &quot;Flying,&quot; which while it may not be the best song (if it even is a song) on the album, manages to leaves a good impression. Next is George with &quot;Blue Jay Way,&quot; and much like he had been showing in the albums leading up to this one, he was maturing as a songwriter. Paul shines once again on &quot;Your Mother Should Know,&quot; offering a hook that is guaranteed to be stuck in your head for a good long while. Next is one of John's masterpieces, &quot;I Am The Walrus.&quot; This song is irreverant, silly and makes no sense whatsoever, yet it is undeniably good. I mean, who else but John Lennon and The Beatles could make a line like &quot;yellow matter custard dripping from a dead dog's eye&quot; seem incredibly cool? After the first six songs is a group of five singles, and although it is their addition that has been criticized, it only makes the album stronger. &quot;Hello Goodbye&quot; is a lyrically simple song that manages to makea good impression, and &quot;Strawberry Fields Forever&quot; and &quot;Penny Lane,&quot; which were originally intended for the Sgt. Pepper's album, are arguably the best works that John and Paul produced respectively while with the band. &quot;Baby You're A Rich Man&quot; offers one of the best opening lines to a song ever, and &quot;All You Need Is Love&quot; is the quintessential '60s song. <br />Overall, The Beatles remained strong. Though many view this album as filler between Sgt. Pepper's and The White Album, the album is strong in its own right. It was, along with the Yellow Submarine soundtrack, the perfect endnote to The Beatles psychadelic stage.
0800141806|4.0|The movie is o.k., but the song is as many have commented, is really haunting.  The humming sounds and the view from a fast moving vehicle of the city and life that goes by are so melancholy.  I have experienced this feeling before whilst on a bus trip leaving my rural hometown to the college in the big city.  Since it was my first long distance trip anywhere ever, it was leaving the life I have known for so long.  Anything that I am familiar with is going to end; the surroundings, the people, and the ways of life.  The future, you're not sure of.  Except, in this movie, the director is sharing with you the feeling that you're leaving this life altogether.  You're dying and you're saying goodbye.  It is so sad.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|While some may view The Beatles 1 as a ploy by Capitol to rake in some extra cash (and it most likely is), this collection is still great. While it won't help people who already own the majority of the albums that The Beatles have put out, it is a perfect introduction to young fans and a perfect review of their brief but stellar career to old fans. .... <br /> Every song on this album, even the incredibly simple &quot;Love Me Do&quot; and &quot;From Me To You&quot; are [good pop songs].  The Beatles 1 is the perfect summary of the greates band to ever pick up guitars and drumsticks, and it can also be viewed as the 27 songs, along with several classic cuts that didn't make the album, that became the cornerstone of music today. Every song is perfectly timeless, and as George Martin put it in his brief introduction to the album, a gem. Whether it's the harmonica driven &quot;Love Me Do,&quot; the catchy &quot;I Want To Hold Your Hand,&quot; the brilliant fades on &quot;Eight Days A Week,&quot; the string quartet on &quot;Yesterday,&quot; the haunting &quot;Eleanor Rigby,&quot; the mini-symphony that is &quot;Penny Lane,&quot; the marathon in &quot;Hey Jude,&quot; or the powerful and poignant &quot;Let It Be,&quot; one can listen to any song out on the radio today and see that the influence of these four men is still being felt today. There are course faults in the album. For example, none of the songs from Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band or The White Album made it onto this one. And some more remixing could have been done instead of just remastering. But this album is a perfect summary of the eight years The Beatles spent on the top of not just the music world, but the entire world. The addition of songs like &quot;Strawberry Fields Forever,&quot; &quot;I Am The Walrus,&quot; and &quot;A Day In The Life&quot; would have made the album stronger than it already is, it holds up fine without them.<br />Overall, a perfect introduction and retrospective of The Beatles. .... [The Beatles songshave held up and will to continue to hold up under the scrutiny of time].
0812589041|4.0|Basically my first impression about this book was that it was gonna be a boring and dumb book.  But like the saying goes, &quot;Don't judge a book by its cover!&quot;  When i first started reading this book i couldn't get into it.  At least not until i really started concentrating on reading it.  As i got deeper and deeper in this book, i realized that it was actually interesting, and entertaining.  I kept on reading because i wanted to know what happened next.  What that meant to me was that, i was actually going to finish reading this book.  Thats' something i rarely do!  I'm the type of person who never reads or just doesn't read a whole book.  So for all you people out there who don't like reading, maybe you should consider reading this book.    What i liked about this book was that it had kinda two stories to it going on at once.  You had what was going on up in space with Ender, and down on Earth with Valentine and Peter.  So that kind of made me want to keep reading on.    What i didn't like about the book was that its a sci-fi book.  I really hate science fiction kinds of stories.  But that's just me, if you like science fiction stories then you should read this book.  But overall i give this book an 8 out of 10 and would recommend this book to just about anybody.
0140185232|2.0|This book had the potential to be great. He could have made it dramatic, he could have made it beautiful and he could have made it wonderfully artistic. However, he chose none of these and instead went with making it boring and pointless. If you are thinking of reading this book, I guess go ahead... but I hope this serves as a warning to you that it will not be the most exciting or inspiring thing you have ever read.
0789723107|5.0|My new favorite book on Web usability design and user testing. This is a short book (I like books that get to the point without a lot of padding!) that promotes some real commonsense design principles and cuts through much of the nonsense that passes for site design today. It also has a great couple of chapters on usability testing that demystifies the process and makes it accessible to anyone doing Web work.
0525945636|5.0|While Ken Follett's novels are always exciting reads as he pays a lot of attention to detail, this book is set in a time some of us may still remember, namely the late 1950s. Characterization is deep as usual and while Code to Zero is not necessarily a high-profile thriller, the story touches on some high concepts in the masterplan so to speak, but is played out in the details of the lives of various individuals. And the story keeps on moving. Obvious is Follett's knack and expertise for historical research; no matter if he writes about something centuries ago or closer to the recent past, he writes about the subject with authority. Another fast-paced thriller that I strongly recommend and which is set in the present, is the explosive new thriller by Alec Donzi called THE CONSULTANT.
B00001NFCY|5.0|There is one thing I can say to summarize the whole fantastic record that Creed put out, it's awesome. With great songs like Higher, Are You Ready, and With Arms Wide Open, this is a great album for any rock fan to own.<br /> Scott Stapp's vocal's are awesome and the rest of the band on guitar and drums is fabulous too. So, that's basically it. The only other thing I can say is that you must get this phenomonal CD that you will love. Whether a rock fan or just seeking some good tunes, buy this album for an ultimate listening pleasure. You'll love mister Stapp's voice. Enjoy.<br />HAPPY LISTENING!
0399146253|5.0|It's always fun to read a Cornwell novel. The characters are well developed and the plot has plenty of twists and turns. I think The Last Precinct is one of her best books so far, although some lose ends are not tied together at the end. And I'm not fond of the lesbian emphasis in that certain character, but it's an interesting read and a great follow-up to Black Notice. As I'm more of an international thriller fan, I just finished a tremendous new book by a new author, and this book I really read from cover to cover over the weekend as it's suspenseful, a story that keeps your face glued to the page, which is THE CONSULTANT by Alec Donzi.
B00003CX8J|3.0|I expected more out of the namesake.  The movie was decent, but does not live up to the reputation.<br />The movie was still fun and the special effects were respectable.
1573226521|3.0|I avoided this book for several years--despite the plaudits it was getting as an important &quot;voice of a generation&quot; type book--because it sounded really annoying. I did go ahead and read his second book, The Tesseract, and quite liked it, which gave me hope for his first book. As it turns out, what I had thought would be a celebration of the 20-something, end-of-the-century, pan-European,  backpacker/stoner set, is in fact, a fairly broad indictment of them. The narrator is a fairly typical example of this subculture, a semi-jaded, chain-smoking Brit who is disaffected with, and alienated from, the hum-drum life back home, and escapes through travel. Wandering around Southeast Asia, he's searching for an elusive eden that hasn't yet been discovered by others like him. Garland has written a kind of self-conciously hallucinogenic thriller, tarted up with endless pop-culture references, as the narrator makes his way to just such an eden with a French couple, thanks to a map given to him by a suicide case (who keeps reappearing and conversing with the narrator).<br />The eden he discovers is populated by 20 or so others like him in a secret island hideout with free dope nearby. The subsequent portion of the book has gotten a lot of lazy comparisons to &quot;Lord of Flies&quot; when it really has less to do with the break down of societal rules/norms/values, than it does with the perpetual quest for eden (and this generation's search for a meaningful life), and the lengths to which people will go to preserve it. In that sense, it has a lot more to do with Conrad's &quot;Heart of Darkness&quot;--which is given repeated oblique references by way of &quot;Apoclypse Now.&quot; Garland populates this eden with a bunch of recognizable low-rent Euro globetrotters, and makes them all distinct, but somehow not quite human. It's easy to form a mental image and voice for each character, but one never cares about any of them. In that sense, its grimly satisfying to see them self-destruct and destroy their eden. In the end, I applaud how Garland threw a bunch of themes together and managed to make a readable first novel of them, however I can also see why people might love the book, while utterly missing its point.self-destruct and destroy their eden. In the end, I applaud how Garland threw a bunch of themes together and managed to make a readable first novel of them, however I can also see why people might love the book, while utterly missing its point.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Not only is this a good compilation of songs but from a technical standpoint they have never sounded better. There is no longer a muddled output of the various components that go into each song. Each instrument, each voice is now discrete resulting in a more harmonious effect on the ear which only accentuates one's enjoyment and pleasure of these songs. The end result is that the technical improvements actually enhance the aesthetics of the music. Or something like that! I only know the songs on this CD sound better than they ever did. Highly recommended!
B000002JPA|5.0|Okay... I never really considered myself a fan of &quot;progressive&quot; rock, I mean sure, I liked Queensryche and Rush (who doesn't?) but I never really knew there was a genre. Then comes along Dream Theater! With good reason these guys are hailed as the kings of the genre of progressive rock/metal. This CD is fantastic. Every song is excellent and the musicianship is breathtaking at times. The best songs IMHO are: &quot;Pull Me Under&quot; (an instant classic), &quot;Take the Time&quot;, &quot;Surrounded&quot;, &quot;Another Day&quot; and &quot;Metropolis Part 1&quot;. This is essential for any fans of Queensryche, Rush, Pink Floyd... combine the three and add a whole lot of hard-rockin' talent and you have Dream Theater. This will not disappoint!
0670888710|3.0|A man and a monster.  In this novella, Stevenson explores the existence of both within one body, and the fine line separating one from the other, examining human nature's internal conflicts.<br />Set in 19th century England, this is a story of Dr. Henry Jekyll's struggle to understand the bipolar natures within a person, competing for dominance.  Told in both third and first person from his two best friends, Mr. Utterson, his lawyer, and Dr. Lanyon, the tale encompasses his experimentation in isolating these two personalities, finally taking it to the point of performing said isolation on himself, leading to the creation of Mr. Edward Hyde, representative of the doctor's dark side, and his perodic and ever-increasing control of Jekyll.  Concurrently, a strange man, mysterious in that he is afflicted with what is called a deformity by all he meets, yet cannot be described, comes to town, bringing with him a suspicious string of murders.  As the pieces of this mystery are put together, one can draw from the text that a wise man will leave nature to its own course.<br />Although the book tells a fascinating story, character development leaves a lot to be desired here.  The language is somewhat archaic, and Stevensn spends most of the book beating around the bush, making it a fairly dry read.  Suspense or science-fiction-lovers, along with anyone of vivid imagination, can appreciate this book, so long as they possess the attention span to get past the first ten pages.  On a scale of one to five, despite its promise of psychological adventure, &quot;Jekyll and Hyde&quot; only manages a three.  Perhaps Stevenson would have been more captivating, had he only been less long-winded.
0767817478|2.0|I like monster movies, I like Matthew Broderick and Jean Reno and I love seeing things go &quot;BOOM&quot; but Godzilla was so dumb and derivative that all the fun was ....... out. It felt more like a really long preview than an actual movie. Some of the effects were very well executed but like &quot;Independence Day&quot; I just didn't get excited by the havoc. I guess my biggest complaint is the utterly shameless ripoff of the end of &quot;King Kong&quot; with poor Godzilla's final heartbeats pounding loudly for all to hear. Geez, couldn't they have ripped off stuff from a GOOD movie? ;) P.S.  I know I shouldn't be looking for technical accuracy in a movie about a giant lizard rampaging through New York but... a Sidewinder missile blowing the top ten stories off of the Chrysler building?
0385474547|3.0|The book written by Chinua Achebe is neither a glorious one nor a terrible one.  Achebe says everything how it is, he is very straight forward.  In no sense does he give you any time for imagination or self discovery, everything is there in plain and bold letters.  Nothing is changed from the actual well being in Africa and Achebe portrays Africa in the way it is, not  the way people in America see it.  Achebe's main point is to get out the true Africa, instead of the one people think of it as.  Things Fall Apart is one to read if you are secluded from the rest of the world in any way, shape or form.  Not only are there characters that are very real in the book, but you become their companion in this long struggle against Ogbaje children, the Egwugwu, being banned from your own country and more.
0767817478|2.0|I like monster movies, I like Matthew Broderick and Jean Reno and I love seeing things go &quot;BOOM&quot; but Godzilla was so dumb and derivative that all the fun was sucked out. It felt more like a really long preview than an actual movie. Some of the effects were very well executed but like &quot;Independence Day&quot; I just didn't get excited by the havoc. I guess my biggest complaint is the utterly shameless ripoff of the end of &quot;King Kong&quot; with poor Godzilla's final heartbeats pounding loudly for all to hear. Geez, couldn't they have ripped off stuff from a GOOD movie? ;) P.S.  I know I shouldn't be looking for technical accuracy in a movie about a giant lizard rampaging through New York but... a Sidewinder missile blowing the top ten stories off of the Chrysler building?
6304602979|4.0|Okay, let's get the bad stuff out of the way first - the DVD extras are.... er, non-existent! There's nothing, not even an original trailer or cast list. Just the standard scene selection and that's it!<br />That's a let down and a criminal waste of the DVD format, but let us not allow that to in any way cloud our judgement of what is basically an excellent film. This is Tarantino at his very best and if he didn't direct this one (he sold the script to pay for the making of Reservoir Dogs) it still displays his wonderful talent for creating a story.<br />Tarantino is in love with dialogue and bless him for that; every film he makes has that conversation you just don't get in other movies. While other directors and writers are making sure that every last line is essential to the plot, QT is giving his actors lines that aren't integral to the story but which enrich the finished product and crank up the level of entertainment. This film is an outstanding example of that talent. <br />The cast list in this film is impressive to say the least. Of the two main characters, Christian Slater is outstanding as Clarence Whirly, while Patricia Arquette shines as the dizzy Alabama. Dennis Hopper, Christoper Walken, Gary Oldman, Samuel L. Jackson and Brad Pitt (amongst others) add some serious muscle to the 'bit parts' and the end result is class film from start to finish.<br />Stand-out scenes for me are the two when a stoned Floyd (Brad Pitt) shops his friends to the mob guys and the scene in the trailer between Walken and Hopper. With actors of this calibre the scenes can't fail.<br />I wouldn't quite have this up there alongside Pulp Fiction but if you like the genre then it's an aboslute must for your collection. It's smart, intelligent, funny, ever-so-violent and a roller-coaster ride throughout. If you can watch this and not enjoy yourself then I'd suggest somebody checks to see if you've still got a pulse!!!
B00004YYDI|5.0|I own both versions on this film on DVD, the american and france version. But the version from France is a stronger movie, it deals better between the freindship of Leon(Jean Reno) and Mathilda(Natalie Portman). Leon really teaching her the rope of becoming of professional hit-man. This version clear and better explain than american version. This version adds 24 minutes of additonal footage, it was relase twice in france, this was very popular there and american version was an modest success at the box office with not so strong reviews. now six years later. Critics has tuned around to give this film a second look, they have liked it better. This DVD features digitally remastered Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround, which is good and Fine widescreen transer(2.35;1).Also isoleted music score by Eric Serra. This DVD, could use more extras like behind the scenes featurette or Audio Commnetary by the director and cast. Still Extremely well made film is more than action film, is about love, passion and emotion, that what made this film a clut classic. Grade:A. Technovision.
B000002NJM|5.0|Quentin Tarantino has unearthed some great 70's R&amp;B chestnuts for his soundtrack to a wonderful film. An eclectic compilation  with stand-out songs by Brothers Johnson and The Delfonics. Tarantino has a great knack for juxstaposing music with images in setting the mood for his films and the songs on Jackie Brown are wonderfully sublime. Definetly a soundtrack worth owning.
0812550757|4.0|Dustin from G.A. December 11, 2000 Brookwood School<br />The Speaker for the Dead by Orson Scott Card was a must read. The Book was a nonstop thriller. The Story was Complex and not only told of the present but the remnants of Ender's Game. It has been three thousand years since the events of the first game. Ender, who is about twenty-six, has been traveling from planet to planet using light speed travel. Valentine, having not aged, she has tagged along as well. Having received a call for a speaker for the dead, Andrew Wiggin takes the call. He buys a ship and speeds off at the planet, which will take twenty years to get to or like seven days with light speed travel. Upon arriving the speaker for the dead is not welcomed at all, and most of the citizens of the planet reject his presence. Two Scientists have died studying the new species; Andrew is here to speak those deaths. Not wanting to say too much, I leave you with this. Andrew has returned as Ender the Xenocide and The Original Speaker for the Dead. Turning Ender upside down and sideways, this is a must read.
B00001OH7T|5.0|David Bowie is a true musical chameleon and on this '75 release, he travels to the vaunted Sigma Sounds Studio in Philadelphia to record his &quot;soul&quot; album.  While not as thematically ambitious as previous releases, Mr. Bowie deftly incorporates the Philly Sound into his own rock stylings.  Songs like &quot;Win&quot; &amp; &quot;Fascination&quot; are his purest attempt at soul music, while other songs like the title track, &quot;Across The Universe&quot; &amp; &quot;Fame&quot; are rock songs that add soulful stylings.  &quot;Fame&quot; was co-written with John Lennon, became his first number one song and is the biggest selling single of his career.  It has a funky feeling to it and a hypnotic beat.  The title track is one of the best of his career and is a superb combination of horns, wry lyrics and an understated vocal.  One note to the album is that a young Luther Vandross contributed backing vocals on several songs and arranged a few of the numbers.
0812550757|5.0|Dustin from G.A. December 11, 2000 Brookwood School<br />The Speaker for the Dead by Orson Scott Card was a must read. The Book was a nonstop thriller. The Story was Complex and not only told of the present but the remnants of Ender's Game. It has been three thousand years since the events of the first game. Ender, who is about twenty-six, has been traveling from planet to planet using light speed travel. Valentine, having not aged, she has tagged along as well. Having received a call for a speaker for the dead, Andrew Wiggin takes the call. He buys a ship and speeds off at the planet, which will take twenty years to get to or like seven days with light speed travel. Upon arriving the speaker for the dead is not welcomed at all, and most of the citizens of the planet reject his presence. Two Scientists have died studying the new species; Andrew is here to speak those deaths. Not wanting to say too much, I leave you with this. Andrew has returned as Ender the Xenocide and The Original Speaker for the Dead. Turning Ender upside down and sideways, this is a must read.
B000001FS6|5.0|Rattle &amp; Hum is the soundtrack to the band's documentary on their 1987 tour through America. The album is a mix of live tracks and studio recordings. The album takes on an American sound to it as the band traveled through the States visiting such places as Harlem, Graceland &amp; Sun Studios. &quot;Angel Of Harlem&quot; is a tribute to Billie Holliday and the band shows they've got some soul with the song's stirring horn section.  &quot;When Love Comes To Town&quot; is a duet with blues legend B.B. King and he lets loose with some terrific guitar playing.  &quot;God Part II&quot; is the band's sequel to John Lennon's &quot;God&quot; from his Plastic Ono Band album.  Much like the original, U2 question their own beliefs and the beliefs about them.  &quot;Desire&quot; is a blistering song and Bono's harmonica work is impressive.  &quot;Van Dieman's Land&quot;, &quot;Hawkmoon 269&quot; and the appropriately titled &quot;Heartland&quot; find the band playing sounds with a folky, Midwestern vibe.  &quot;All I Want Is You&quot; closes the album with a powerful beauty.  The live tracks include a gospelized version of &quot;I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For&quot;, a take on the Beatles &quot;Helter Skelter&quot; in which Bono adds one of his more famous lines &quot;three chords and a dream&quot;, a simmering take of their anti-apartheid song &quot;Silver &amp; Gold&quot;.  &quot;Bullet The Blue Sky&quot; shows all the power and force of the band on stage.  It opens with a snippet of Jimi Hendrix's take of &quot;The Star Spangled Banner&quot; and then merges into a booming Larry Mullin drum beat. Adam Clayton plays an extremely heavy bass while Bono expands on his sermon in the middle of the song and The Edge's guitar soars up and down.  The critics dismissed this album when it first came out as bombastic and egotistical, but that probably had a lot to do with the film. U2 had been untouchable up to that and the project gave them a chance to jump on them.  The album is uneven in places and the film is precocious at times, but their overall passion and feeling override any flaws and ten years later those feelings are still strong.lbum is uneven in places and the film is precocious at times, but their overall passion and feeling override any flaws and ten years later those feelings are still strong.
1558216847|5.0|Although The Long Walk is well written, that has nothing to do with why it's a good book. People should read this book because it chronicles perhaps the most extraordinary true story of human endurance in recorded history.<br />Slavomir Rawicz is unjustly imprisoned by the Communist Russians early in World War II. He is confined to a cell so small that he literally cannot sit, but must sleep by collapsing with his knees against the wall and his feet steeped in his own waste. He is later transported to Siberia by train, and then marched through the cold countryside to a Soviet Gulag, witnessing the death by exposure and exhaustion of other unfortunate captives along the way. In the prison camp he is set in forced labor, kept in horrendous conditions, over-worked, and underfed.<br />Near the end of his rope, Rawicz and a handful of companions orchestrate a daring and desperate escape, and then proceed to run for their lives, on foot, toward freedom in India--4,000 miles away. Then the fun begins. They must conquer the frozen Siberian tundra, the Gobi desert, the Himalayan Mountains, starvation, the Soviets, and their own inner demons.<br />Slavomir's ordeal overshadows every other survival tale I've every read, including Admiral Scott's Polar expedition and Krakauer's Everest disaster. This is up there with the Donner Expedition in terms of grim conditions and the indomitable  human spirit. Trust me. If you've got a teenager who's complaining because they think they have it rough, let 'em read this one. --Christopher Bonn Jonnes, author of Wake Up Dead.
6305922748|5.0|Spinal Tap is one of the most clever, incisive satires ever made.  Rob Reiner, et. all created the &quot;mockumentary&quot; genre with this film and it's influence and relevance today is as strong as ever.<br />This is Spinal Tap follows the tour of a British heavy metal band of the same name.  Though Spinal Tap is a ficticious band created for this film, the band and situations bare such verisimilitude to the actual music industry to this day many people still think that Spinal Tap was a real band.<br />There is so much to this film that a review of a few hundred words can't possibly due it justice.  Spinal Tap subtly and mericlessly satires virtually every aspect of the music industry.  First the fans:  Though Spinal Tap never really existed, when the movie was being filmed in different cities, the creators took out ads that read &quot;Legendary English Heavy Metal Band&quot; (or something to that effect).  The producer accurately gauged how many people would show up based on the degree of promotion.  When &quot;fans&quot; did show-up, they expressed a remarkable degree of loyalty for a band they only heard about in the last 24 hours.<br />Not only is the music industry lampooned, but Reiner and Co managed to take a dig at virtually every popular act since the 1950s; some very subtle, so obvious.  Many of the jokes are so subtle that you will not notice them the first time.  I've seem Spinal Tap at least 8 times and each time I catch something new.<br />What's remarkable about Spinal Tap is it's accuracy and insightfulness.  Though it's presented in a comical, slightly exaggerated way (only slightly exaggerated) everything that happens in this film is realistic:  Equipment problems, declining popularity, bickering bandmembers and managers, just to name a few.  This can best be illustrated by the reaction of Steven Tyler to this film (I'm not an Aerosmith fan, but it's a good story).  This film was released in 1984 when Aerosmith was at the nadir of their popularity (Tyler was so broke he was sleeping on his manager's couch).  Tyler said that he almost cried because this film so accurately portrays the experiences of a band declining in popularity.<br />Spinal Tap is as fresh today as it was 16 years ago.  Though the particulars of the popular music scene may have changed, the industry hasn't and with the growth of documentary programs such as &quot;Behind the Music&quot;, Spinal Tap is more relevant than ever.<br />On a general note, Spinal Tap seems to be the kind of comedy you'll either get or you won't.  Some people love it, while others don't find it funny at all.  Particularly, people who are really into hard rock/heavy metal don't seem to understand it, perhaps because the satire is so subtle.  Also, a good historical understanding of popular music and the machinery of the music industry is necessary to understand some or the humor.
B000002VFW|5.0|I really loved this album when it came out in 1990. You would not believe the amount of times I spinned this album on my record player. It has some really great songs on it,for examples, &quot;You Can't Deny It Baby&quot; and &quot;What Did I Do To You&quot;.
B000002U82|5.0|experimentation or experiances? or possibly both. one can feel like they are floating, or its just an art music; its definietly not &quot;pop&quot;. use it at your own risk, but the songs remain the same only before and after the experiance.
0399146253|1.0|As a fan of the mystery/thriller genre, I was disappointed (yet again) in the latest offering from Patricia Cornwell.  I think the only reason that I actually finished the book was because I kept thinking that it had to get better (it didn't).  <br />I was dismayed by Scarpetta's ongoing angst and self-centeredness . . . yes, she has suffered some tragic events in previous books, but she is now taking on the tragedy of those around her and still making it all about her.  Scarpetta has been (in the past) an independent, self-sufficient woman that is now whiny and afraid.  Many of Cornwell's reader have experienced tragedy in their own lives, but the time comes when one has to get on with living.  For someone who says that she (Scarpetta) has never been involved in any type of analysis or therapy she sure seems to be suffering from analysis paralysis!  <br />These are no longer novels, readers are now subected to an on-going soap opera.  C'mon!  Cornwell is capable of better than this, Scarpetta has been better than this, and Cornwell's readers DESERVE better than this.  I am sad to say that I have no interest in reading another Scarpetta novel (of course, I also said that after Black Notice). Is Cornwell simply fulfilling a contractual obligation or has success spoiled her as much as it would appear from this book? <br />Disappointing, disappointing, disappointing.
B000001F3C|5.0|War is the most overtly political album of U2's career.  They touched on political subjects on their first two albums, but on War they take up arms.  The album opens with the anthem &quot;Sunday Bloody Sunday&quot; which finds the band outraged at the situation in Northern Ireland.  &quot;Seconds&quot; is about the nuclear arms race.  &quot;New Year's Day&quot; is an apathetic song about despite all the rhetoric, nothing really changes.  It contains a lovely piano and strong Edge solo.  &quot;Like A Song&quot; is another anthem-like song, a declaration for solidarity.  &quot;Refugee&quot; finds Larry Mullin providing a pounding drum beat to a fierce Bono vocals and Adam Clayton bass gives &quot;Two Hearts Beat As One&quot; it's driving backbone.  Despite all the anger, &quot;40&quot; closes the album on an optimistic note.  The song is based on Psalm 40 and the band states that there is chance for peace and understanding all though things are bleak.  War broke U2 in America as it was their first top twenty album.  They shifted away from making another album this political, but War's spirit still continues to permeate their work.
0786915749|5.0|This being the series that first hooked me on fantasy work, I have read and re-read all of this trilogy, plus bought all the other books to go along with them.  The characters were believable, in-depth and you felt like old friends after reading it just once.  Laughing and crying with them came as natural as breathing, and drew quite a few funny looks from people around me as I read them anywhere I could spare a few moments to read.  For anyone looking for a new author to read, this trilogy is a MUST!!  I would also recommend most of their other series as well.  The Death Gate Cycle was excellent, as was the Darksword trilogy, and who can forget the Rose of the Prophet trilogy?  My review centers more on the authors themselves than just the books...but know that it is money well spent to purchase any book of theirs!
B00000J6AG|5.0|I can say, i was a bit hesitant on buying this cd. i listened to the first couple of tracks at a listening station at circuit city and loved it, but i had heard that his music was labeled &quot;weird&quot; and &quot;underground&quot;. the truth that it blends every kind of music you could think of into his own way. there is no bad track on this album.  from the bouncy &quot;bodyrock&quot;, to the southern gospel him (sooo catchy) &quot;Run On&quot;, or the mysterious enigma-style &quot;porcelain&quot;. this album is by far the best album of the year, even beating out my favorite band No Doubt. the best thing is that this IS the breakthrough album of techno. if there were one album that defined techno, it would be this.  techno isnt just mindless dance beats in clubs, its more.  people 20 years from now will be looking at this album, and still enjoy it.
B00004Z4WQ|5.0|This was just the best movie I've ever seen! It's just hilarious! I loved all the jokes, and they made a good job, with parodies on lots of movies, not just one or two!<br />This is a must-buy!
B000002HPV|4.0|Being a fan of Bjork's work, Post having been my introduction to the icelandic singer, I had been anticipating the release of Homogenic for 2 years. Like many 'difficult third albums' I initially found it very obtuse and harsh. It draws upon and isolates Bjork's most leftfield and obscure tendencies as a songwriter, and as such sounds both very much like and completely different from her previous work at the same time. The use of traditional instruments like pump organs and so on remains, and still sounds unique within the context of what are essentially pop songs. Bjork is still a shrewd lyricist and despite being a more angsty effort than before, her unique insight reamins ('I'm a fountain of blood in the shape of a girl'). And of course, Bjork's incredible, mellifluous vocal talent remains at the centre of the album, her voice seemingly maturing with age.<br />But there are some crucial differences to Bjork's sound. There is a far less eclecticism in her sound than before, Bjork seemingly comfortable exploring avant garde beatery and fusing it with lush orchestral sounds. Indeed, these too are a prominent feature of the album, and sound absolutely incredible. Yet within such specific sonic framework, Bjork has still managed to make every song sound totally different, and has piled layers and layers of sounds to create an album that is both soothing and startling. As such, we have the big beat piano tinged ballad of 'Bachelorette' (the first single off the album and my favourite track), the playful pop of '5 years', the neo classical strings of 'Joga', the chill out trip hop romance of 'All is full of Love' and the terrifying, abrasive techno of 'Pluto'. Permeating every single track is the aforemetioned electronica infuence (Mark Bell of Warp act LFO co-produced) and keening strings (the Icelandic Octet play on almost every track, creating the oddly folkish sound.<br />Homogenic establishes Bjork as one of the most innovative female artists ever, and cements herposition as a brave and classic singer-songwriter. Yes, people will probably remember it as her 'obscure techno album', but fans of Bjork know she transcends mere labels. Anyone who wants to be rewarded with a refreshing and unique piece of music need look no further.
B00004XMS0|3.0|Which of the four is the best Batman movie as of today !? Personally, I think it would still have to be Batman the frist movie with Michael Keaton as the best damn Batman there ever was. I loved Jack Nicholson as the Joker which was very good in the roll of Batman. Batman Returns ain't too bad cause Batman was still Keaton but then he comes Batman Forever which is yet another of my favorites but this time Michael Keaton wasn't playing Batman anymore. Though the movie did contain one of my favorite villians in Two-Face but the movie was to goofy and made Batman not as serious as he was back in the first two movies. Batman &amp; Robin the movie was the hell dropper of wrost Batman movie yet. I hated the fourth Batman movie. So overall, I say Batman the very first one was the best and I wouldn't mind owning the movie on DVD.
B00004BZ0N|5.0|The Clash are called the only band that matters and on London Calling they come close to living up to that moniker.  The 19 songs range from the fiery punk of the title track to the ska-inflected &quot;Rudie Can't Fail&quot; to the pop of &quot;Train In Vain&quot;.  The band plays with a passion and energy that explodes out of your stereo.  &quot;Brand New Cadillac&quot; is sleek and menacing, &quot;Spanish Bombs&quot; floats, &quot;Lost In The Supermarket&quot; is pensive while &quot;Death &amp; Glory&quot; &amp; &quot;The Right Profile&quot; explode.  The songs are more polished and cleaner sounding than on their first two releases, but they retain that punk bravado in their lyrics.  The band never compromised their integrity and London Calling should be part of everyone's collection.
B00004ZB9D|4.0|For a new fan of lenny kravitz, like i am, who discovered his music in 1998 (before fly away became popular) i looked back into his music and figured he was even better in his early days.  who can resist the great song &quot;it aint over till its over&quot; or the rock anthem &quot;are you gonna go my way?&quot;.  all of its here, all the songs that made lenny famous.  his only new song on the cd, again, has rocketed to number 24 this week on the billboard charts and is still climbing. the only regret is that there is only one new song from lenny. if you already have his other albums dont even bother.
B00004Z4WR|3.0|I went into this movie with an open mind figuring that it was going be your typical run of the mill action movie. After watching it midway through. I was correct. The cars were great, but the acting and plot were sub par. Also, for Angelina Jolie to grace the cover of the film. She should have been in the movie alot longer than 20 minutes.
0679721037|5.0|Hiroshima was John Hersey's brain child about his feelings on World War 2. Even though this book is not the best source if you are interested in statistics and the United State's side of the story about the Atomic Bomb that was dropped on Hiroshima, instead Hersey turns the tables and shows how the Japanese dealt with the disaster they were tossed.  Hersey investigated and interviewed six people who lived through the bomb and retells there survival tales. Just like in many of his other books Hersey is able to show the problems he finds in the world, and lets people know about these problems through his work. His ability to turn around and show a situation from another point of view is the reason that Hiroshima is such a great work.
B00003CX8J|3.0|The movie was good ! I actually didn't pay to watch it cause I fininshed watching one movie and went to another which happened to be X-Men. I say they needed characters like Gambit, where's Gambit !?, Beast, Juggernaut, etc. Why would they add a guy like Toad in the mix !? I hear a squeal soon !
B000001DTM|5.0|U2 was riding high in 1991.  They had one of the most critical acclaimed and biggest selling records of the 80's with The Joshua Tree and despite the critics panning it, Rattle &amp; Hum was a big success in the theaters and on the charts.  The band could have easily sat back, recorded a safe follow-up and raked in the bucks.  Instead, the band shook things up big time, by releasing an album that sounded nothing like they had ever done before.  Embracing the industrial music sounds of electronic noises, the band created a postmodern masterpiece.  &quot;Zoo Station&quot; opens the album with a filtered guitar riff and clanging drum. The first time we hear Bono's voice, it is heavily distorted as if he singing underwater.  The song sets the stage for the musical kaleidoscope that band looks through.  &quot;Even Better Than The Real Thing&quot; has a driving guitar riff and embraces the postmodern view of why have the real thing, when a replica is just as good, if not better. &quot;The Fly&quot; is a industrial lounge song and gave Bono one of his stage personas from the era.  &quot;Mysterious Ways&quot; has an uptempo Middle-Eastern vibe with Bono chanting the mantra of &quot;it's alright, it's alright&quot;.  &quot;Tryin' To Throw Your Arms Around The World&quot;, &quot;So Cruel&quot; &amp; &quot;Acrobat&quot; slow things down in between the heavy beats.  &quot;One&quot; is a haunting song and tells of the fragility and beauty of life.  Acthung Baby re-affirmed that U2 is one of a handful of artists that can make music that is challenging, original and most of all matters.
B00004X01U|5.0|I was expecting a great Madonna record and thats what i got.  I anxiously awaited the day of september 19 to pick up the copy of the cd.  i rushed home, put it on, and listened to the whole thing 3 times straight.  probably because i am also a big fan of Moby and other techno musicians.  there is alot of variety, music has already hit number 1, and the song &quot;Dont Tell Me&quot; is so catchy i dont see how it could miss the top spot.  but my favorite track is &quot;Paradise (not for me)&quot; because its one of the most serious songs ive heard from her. its so haunting and mysterious, and the best part is that its over 6 minutes long. the only complaint i have is that it only has 10 songs and runs for 45 minutes, while her other albums like ray of light run more than an hour.
B00004RHZU|5.0|When I first saw the video for &quot;There You Go&quot; I knew I had to hear this girl's stuff. She has an incredible voice, her songs all have the same sound, but it's a good thing, to me. PARENTAL WARNING TIME: Pink repeatedly says the &quot;F word&quot; in track 9, &quot;Can't Take Me Home&quot; for which the CD is named. It kind of gives you the impression of just what kind of girl pink IS! I don't want pink hair, and I wouldn't go around swearing all day, but I think she's a good role model in that she does her own thing. How many other white chicks are in the REAL R&amp;B? Not too many. She and Eminem are the greatest of our time for speaking their minds and showing that Caucasians can belt out some meaningful sounds, too!
B00000IAU3|3.0|Dido has a great voice and a natural knack for writing tunes.  This is a good thing.  <br />Dido displays almost no emotional change in her voice from one song to another.  This is a bad thing.  <br />The best songs are those that support her tendency for monotone, such as the cold, bleakly desperate &quot;Honestly OK&quot;.  Dido's songs are weakened by her simply stating the words.  She often keeps any emotions to herself, opting for a simple mood to each song.  This simpleness gets repetitive.  The one exception to the rule is the beautiful opener, &quot;Here with Me&quot;.  In this, every word is painted and toned, creating a wonderfully lush mood to the song. I listen to this CD late at night, when I'm already sleepy.  I wouldn't recommend it otherwise.  <br />I would've given this CD two stars, but I feel that she does have enormous talent.  Maybe in the future Dido can release a more solid disc.  Till then, I'll put &quot;Here with Me&quot; on repeat and hope for better things to come.
B000005IU2|5.0|This thing just rocks right out from the nasty guitar hooks on &quot;Down On The Street&quot; (maybe the greatest hard rocker of all time) to the total nuclear meltdown of &quot;L.A. Blues&quot;.  It rocks so hard it makes me cry every time I listen to it.  Just beautiful!
B000001FS3|5.0|The Joshua Tree catapulted U2 from a popular and pretty successful rock band to megastars and cultural icons.  The album retains all of U2's integrity, while creating a crisper and more commercial sound.  Under Brian Eno &amp; Daniel Lanois' guidance, the songs have an ethereal sound to them.  Songs like &quot;With Or Without You&quot;, &quot;I'll Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For&quot;, &quot;Running To Stand Still&quot; &amp; &quot;Exit&quot; have simple beats, but the production gives them a strength and density, that turns them into powerful pieces.  The subject matter goes into politics, life, death &amp; God.  &quot;Red Hill Mining Town&quot; &amp; &quot;Bullet The Blue Sky&quot; are political songs.  &quot;Bullet&quot; comments on the US involvement in Central America and has a break when Bono goes into a sermon-like rap. &quot;One Tree Hill&quot; is an elegy for one of the band's road staff who died in a motorcycle accident.  The song is one of the prettiest the band has ever done and the symbolism and life and death as a river running into the sea is beautiful.  &quot;With Or Without&quot; was the first single and the band's first number one.  It's slow opening that builds into a guitar crescendo is perfect pop music and the song leaves you questioning whether Bono can't live without a lover, God or the band's fans? &quot;Running To Stand Still&quot; is another song about the struggles to overcome a heroin addiction.  Unlike their other addiction song, &quot;Bad&quot;, this is a piano-based number.  &quot;In God's Country&quot; may well be the best song on the album with it's ringing guitars and it's biblical lyrics.  with its harmonica and guitar riff, &quot;Trip Through Your Wires&quot; has a bluegrass sound. &quot;Exit&quot; and &quot;Mothers Of The Disappeared&quot; both explore loss. &quot;I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For&quot; was their second number one song and really sums up what U2 is all about.  They are searching for answers, but no matter where they look, they still haven't found it.t no matter where they look, they still haven't found it.
B000003NA4|2.0|.......but I don't think Diana Krall can hold a candle to many of the other jazz vocalists of yesterday and today.  Her voice is great and her stylings are all right, but the song arrangements are mediocre at best and despite the ability of the other musicians on her cd's, her own playing is little more than chords with an occasional 8 bar left hand riff.  A jazz pianist she is not.  If you want new female vocal jazz, you're better off with Stacy Kent or Weslia Whitfield.
0446677450|5.0|This book will teach you how to look at your financial situation intelligently, and to plan for your future creatively. With all of the information out there, not to mention all of the people who spew conflicting advice, &quot;Rich Dad, Poor Dad&quot; teaches the reader how be smart about investing and to question the financial value system that most of us were unfortunate enough to inherit from our parents. This book is great for anyone who aspires to take control of his/her financial future.
B00004XMVH|4.0|The titular U-571, the crippled German sub found by an American strike team, barely survived depth charging by British destroyers before coming up for air and screaming for help.  Hitting on a plan to ambush the stricken sub by posing as a rescuing U-Boat, the US Navy enlists the crew of an obsolete S-Class submarine - more adavnced US subs are too big to convincingly masquerade as one of the diminuitive U-Boats.  The real prize is not the U-Boat, which the yanks plan to scuttle, but the enigma, a code machine used to coordinate the U-Boats into deadly squadrons of hunter-killers.  Only with coordinated attacks can the U-Boats (which barely move 20 knots on the surface and much slower when submerged) stand a chance of making dents in American and British convoys.<br />The initial ambush is reasonably flawless, down to the Enigma's capture.  When U-571's real relief appears, all bets are off, and the boarding party, finds itself trapped on the U-boat with an ocean of enemies all around.  Led by Andy Tyler (Matt McConnaughey), a tireless naval officer eager for command, the crew struggles to adapt what they know of American subs to the U-Boat.  Their mission is now two-fold: reach &quot;safe&quot; waters, but without being spotted.  If the Germans were to learn of the U-Boat's capture, they'd modify the Enigma code and make it useless, cutting off the western navies from trackong the silent killers. ....  I never thought this a true story, just a very realistic fictional one.  I never got the impression that the Americans actually cracked the enigma code - just stole one of the machines.  Even the critics seem split on who should get the credit (whether the Poles or the British). .... Though &quot;U-571&quot; seems imply that other nations were uninvolved - a closing &quot;crawl&quot; only lists the exploits of American crews who recovered code machines - I still never got the impression that no others were involved in at least trying to get the vaunted machines.  Forone thing, teh film makes clear that reovery of the Enigma requires such secrecy, that previous recoveries may not be known.<br />as for submairne warfare iteself, U-571 is probably the most realistic film on the subject.  If &quot;571&quot; isn't realistic, then we can probably write-off just about every other submarine war film.  In &quot;571&quot;, surfaced subs roll on the waves like tin cans and leak water like sieves.  Depth charges explode from every direction, rattling the nerves of the bravest men.  Crews burn, drown, or simply lose their minds.  The heroics are, like subs, elusive, yet stable by crushing pressure.  The vulnerability of the subs is quite plain - even the act of machine-gunning survivors of a merchantman sent to the bottom by a u-boat seems more like an act of self-preservation than cruelty (the survivors will only alert rescuers to the sub's location).  What other film has that?<br />The only downside to the film?? [Watch it to find out] Even this seems to be a concession to realism - eluding surface threats was long-drawn-out and often futile.
B000001E18|5.0|Zooropa was originally supposed an EP to coincide with the last leg of their Zoo TV Tour.  The band found that they had a slew of material and decided to release a full album.  Zooropa continues where Acthung Baby left off and takes them further into the postmodern sounds of that release.  The songs are all extended numbers including &quot;Stay (Faraway, So Close)&quot; which became the title of a movie, the pseudo-disco of &quot;Lemon&quot; which finds Bono singing in a falsetto, &quot;Numb&quot; which is a hypnotic chant with The Edge handling vocal duties and the title track which is an airy number that throws out slogan after slogan and is the spirit behind the whole Zoo TV ideal.  &quot;Daddy's Gonna Pay For Your Crashed Car&quot; is a collage of music and noises while &quot;Somedays Are Better Than Others&quot; is the most &quot;traditional&quot; sounding song on the album.  The album closes with one of the most bizarre musical pairings in history.  Johnny Cash sings lead vocals on the post-apocalyptic &quot;The Wanderer&quot;.  Not that it is crazy that Johnny Cash would perform with U2, but you would expect it on a song in the style of The Joshua Tree or Rattle &amp; Hum.  On &quot;The Wanderer&quot;, the band utilizing a heavy synth sound and Mr. Cash's deep voice swims along the cracks and pops of the track. It is a truly inspired song and makes Zooropa a truly special effort and asks the question, how many artists could come up with an album this impressive when it was looking to just fill some time in the studio in between tour dates.
B00003CX8I|5.0|Bought this, watched it, enjoyed it, recommend it.  Perfect casting, terrific special effects, and overall an attention-holding comic-book film that can be enjoyed by even those who never read any of The X-Men comic books, such as my husband.  He never read any of those comic books which surprised me because I thought ALL boys read The X-Men.  Yet he enjoyed this movie.
6302293553|5.0|No doubt Monty Python is a classic. You don't get a mis-matched bunch of knights and King Arthur skipping gaily around followed by coconut-banging servants with names like &quot;Patsy&quot; without being fully rewarded by conneisurs of comedy everywhere.  The first time I watched this film, I was little, and I can't remember even breathing.  The whole time I was lying out on the living room floor laughing my head off.  Recently, I rented it again and watched it with my boyfriend and now it's a constant inside joke. When he's feeling down, Monty always has something to cheer him up.        Despite the laughter that will be resounding in your home, there are a few scenes, that, while they would be hysterical in other blah films, just don't measure up to the bravado of the rest of Monty Python.  This movie definitely has tons of memorable scenes, and is a great ice-breaker with any conversation.  If there's at least one other person in the room who's seen this movie, you'll have the whole placed wired with hysterical scenes.   So don't be daft and waste your time reading my review, find your nearest African swallow, get a coconut from him, and ride your way to the movie store.  There's no time for questions!  Not three or five!  (see, I've gotten started already  Just do it! NEE! NEE! NEE!
B000002HHB|5.0|What do you get when you cross an apparent medical miracle, a dead movie star, and a relationship over for seven years? I don't know, but the soundtrack would just have to be &quot;Tigerlily&quot; by Natalie Merchant, because, obviously, it has songs about all of them. Of course, you just have to listen to it to realize that it certainly wouldn't need to be associated with a movie to be sold. From the tender &quot;Wonder&quot; to the somehow more angry &quot;Seven Years&quot; (though how someone with a voice like hers could make it sound angry is beyond me), to the mournful &quot;River&quot;, the album is full of Natalie's superb piano, amazing lyrics, and reassuring voice, as well as a good drum and one of the best female guitarists I've heard supporting them. My Grade: A
B000002AH7|3.0|This is a very nice album. I like Miles Davis. However, he's no Herb Alpert.
0780622642|5.0|Bought it, enjoyed it, and I recommend it, especially if you watched the original TV series.  It was fun to see some of the cast members from the TV series doing cameos in this movie.  Just wonder why Billy Mumy who played Will Robinson in the TV series didn't appear in a cameo.  Is Mr. Mumy still around?  This entertaining, action-packed film held my interest the whole way through.
0812589041|5.0|Ender' Game is a very interesting novel about a genius boy who overcomes and becomes his worst fears. Being abused by his brother and almost everyone except his sister Ender learns to hide his fears. He was a third child and everyone hated him for it except the government because he would be their last chance to save the earth against the buggers. Ender makes it into battle school and is isolated; whenever he would make a friend they would move him. They would never let him stay in one place too long. Because of all this he was not really a happy young boy but he kept going to save the world. Ender was always determined to win and so he never lost a single battle. He graduated early and became the commander of the third invasion without even knowing it thinking it was just a game. But he won the third invasion and did not know till he completely destroyed the buggers. Ender was a very strong and intelligent person. All he ever wanted was to have friends and be happy but they would not let him do so. In my opinion this is a very good book and I have and will continue to recommend it to other people. It puts childish and manly characteristics all into one little boy, which in my opinion is great. And although he never had anyone and was always alone he pulled through. I liked everything in the book except that Ender did not find out about how the bugger's wanted peace until after he wiped them out but on the other hand he fixes that problem by trying to find a safe place to put the last remaining bugger queen egg in a safe world.
B000003TA4|5.0|So much has said about Nevermind that it is impossible for me to really conclusively add anything about it. It is an amazing album, with intense guitar work from Kurt Cobain, superb lyrics from the same, and an eclectic range in tone. Smells Like Teen Spirit is a classic ode of misguided teen angst; Something in the Way is a mournful, haunting piece. Ill be perfectly honest: I really am not sure what much of the album is about. However, I am not one for questioning the meaning of true art. I dont care whether Shakespeare was written by Shakespeare, Sir Francis Bacon or Kevin Bacon. I just know art when I see/hear it, and Im writing about it right now.
0783242808|5.0|I have not seen the unrated version, but the R rated film had me laughing outloud!  One reviewer commented that this would probably only appeal to teens and people in their twenties.  I beg to differ.  My husband and I are both 32 and have watched this movie 6 times already!  And for those few and far between who found this movie &quot;disgusting&quot;...all I have to say to that is have a nice glass of Merlot and lighten up Francis -- this movie will become a classic!
B00001OH80|2.0|Whoa. Don't get me wrong. David Bowie is my idol. The man paved the way for contemporary rock and roll, and has always had a weird ability to set musical trends, rather than follow them. He is a man of words and a man of music - a modern day poet that speaks for the masses. However, it is with great trepidation that I say that Tonight, despite my obvious bias, just doesn't cut it. Ahh! It pains me to say it, but this collection of songs is pretty awful. Some of them are even laughable. Ekkk! There are pains shooting through my heart speaking of my idol like this. Oh, for the days of Ziggy Stardust... <br />  Anyway, I must back up my contempt for this album with evidence! First, there's Loving the Alien, where Bowie bites off a bit more than he can chew. It's a song about the perils of the modern world, war, false hopes, religion: \\"Believing the strangest things/ Loving the alien,\\" he sings. Yeah. I'll pay that. However, the entire song just has this amateur air about it - it's very weird. After the lyrics are over, this ridiculous three minute instrumental conclusion plays. It just keeps on going, like a marathon! And the thing is, it's just repetition of the same thing... it kind of sets the tone for the album. Everything seems amateurish and feigned; it all seems, however ridiculous this may sound, nothing like the David Bowie we've all come to love. <br />  The album continues, and with the arrival of Tumble and Twirl, the whole thing falls in a hole. Tumble and Twirl is perhaps the worst song Bowie has ever written. It's absolutely awful. \\"Far beneath his mansion there's an open drain/ Spilling all the sewerage down the hill\\" is just a sample of the ridiculous lyrics in this song, ostensibly about Borneo. It inspires laughter it's that bad. <br />  So I'm sorry Mr. Bowie, I really am, but I didn't like Tonight very much at all. I love anything else that is Bowie (except Never Let Me Down... it's the same as Tonight): from early Bowie (such as `Please Mr. Gravedigger') to today's Bowie (Hours...). And yeah, granted, every artist, from Bob Dylan to Talking Heads to whoever, goes through a bit of a patch. The whole of the 80's can pretty much be considered a dry patch for musical creativity and inspiration (I mean, just look at it!) and Tonight just happened to fall in that decade. The entire album exemplifies all that is the 80's: electric music, reed instruments, lightweight rock and roll... so in that respect, Tonight captures the essence of the 80's. Back then, it probably would have sounded great, but now...
B000000H57|5.0|With a splendid mix of quiet melodies and thrashing punk guitar, Type O is really one of the most original and best gothic rock band in music today. I recently went to see their show with Spineshank and Simon Says, and they were the highlight of the evening. Peter Steel's deep rhythmic voice coupled with biting guitar and eerie keyboard effects drive home the spiteful lyrics that make this cd a great example of the ckings of gothic rock. A worthy investment for anyone who has the slightest interest in rock music.
B0000399WI|5.0|When I read the book by Steven King, I thought that it was very good. When I saw the movie, however, I couldn't believe how much they had improved opon it. The script was good, but the best part by far was the acting.
B00004IC9G|5.0|I was in 7th or 8th grade when I first heard this album, and I must say it was all I listened to back then.  It was truly amazing the way a metal band could combine the elements they did.  How many metal bands at that time (or now) could display an utter mastery of their instruments (and voice), meld that with great compositions and the right &quot;attitude&quot; and lyrics? Well, Manowar sure as heck could! <br />This album is already a classic! A lot of people might think the imagery in the lyrics, or the compositions are a little overly melodramatic but this was a truly new music that Manowar was performing.  Many people talk of the freshness of a certian jazz artists music, or a pop artist with a new image or sound.  Well, Manowar was all that in this release! Who cares who's the fastest guitarist, flashiest frontman, in the pocket bassist, or the most thunderous drummer! Do yourself a favor and buy this disc!
0783225970|5.0|This is *The* gangster movie, period. Forget Godfather, forget Casino, forget even Goodfellas... if you can see one movie on gangsters &amp; the mob, make sure it's &quot;Scarface&quot;. And make sure it's this DVD edition. Everything about the movie is perfect - from DePalma's superb imagery, to Pacino's gritting portrayal of Tony, to Giorgio Moroder's powerful soundtrack (widely available here in Europe, but, I'm told, scarce in USA)... Simply unmissable.<br />As for people annoyed with critic Maltin's bashing of the movie... well, I say, do as I do and forget that anything by the name of &quot;maltin&quot; even exists. I rarely read his reviews  (thankfully, he's nowhere on TV in Europe, so I don't have to watch him) and if I do, I always make sure to watch those movies that he gives one star and avoid those that he considers &quot;best&quot; and if I need a critic's advice, I stick to Roger Ebert and the Blockbuster team.
B00003CXE7|5.0|I just saw the Gladiator movie on DVD.  It was awesome.  The extra footage was footage that I think should have been left in the original score.  Especially the Lions Den and the Praetorian execution scene.  I know that Hollywood Execs think that we viewers have short attention spans but this masterpiece of a movie would be even greater with the deleted scenes put back into the movie.  This movie is excellent, a good buy for anyone who desires to be on an emotional roller coaster ride.<br />Jason
B000002MP2|4.0|Dookie is an album that is at once abrasive yet accessible. Green Day, while not nearly as classic as the punk pioneers that inspired them, are much more complex than Blink-182 and much more vivacious than Creed, as well they should be. \\"Dookie\\" was released in 1994, a time when Kurt Cobain was still alive and bands like The Smashing Pumpkins and Red Hot Chili Peppers were rocking out. It has the angst that the music did at the time; however, it also is a very fun, lively, almost joyous album. Perhaps not very inspiring, but very inspired. \\"When I Come Around\\" is definitely a classic.
0446677450|3.0|I have read this book 2 time.<br />The author's writing style is recommended. He uses simple and basic English with a smooth flow in writing.<br />The book is supposed to organize into Lessons which Mr. Kiyosaki had learnt from his Rich Dad.<br />However, the arguments and supporting information in each Lessons are not organized, and seems to be not really related to the main idea. I had a hard time to link these to the main idea in each Lesson, and that's why, I had to read it twice.<br />Some of his ideas, are theories which are vague. And he did not provide the neccessary explaination. Instead, he would switch, and start to talk about his childhood or past glory times. It makes me feel that he have some reserves on his theory, or not completely telling the whole truth or story which his Rich Dad had taught him.<br />From this book, I learn to be more aware of my personal finance. The book is somewhat insiprational.<br />I will recomment this book, but remember to think and anaylise his thoeries in a open and clear mind before take it as true!
6305897786|5.0|A superb supernatural thriller, true feast for the audience with imagination, &quot;The Ninth Gate&quot; Polanski's come-back to the &quot;Rosemary territory&quot;, with the search for the roots of evil... there is nothing that I didn't love about this film. The constant atmosphere of fear and &quot;something-wicked's-gonna-happen&quot; I haven't experienced while watching a movie in years! One of the reasons is surely the music: Roman Polanski asked Wojciech Kilar, the famous composer from his homeland, to score the movie, and hit the jackpot!<br />One warning, though: this movie requires the viewer to have *imagination*. And this is why I love it so much. Obviously, it's not for the MTV-&quot;educated&quot; people who expect a lot of noise and special effects, and want everything explained in little details, with the boring old crystal clear heroes and idiotic happy endings to conclude.<br />&quot;The Ninth Gate&quot; is definitely the best movie of 2000, and one of the best I've seen in years. And Roman Polanski rightfully deserves his place among the best directors of the century - he proves it once again with this film.
B000002H8F|4.0|From the opening of &quot;Cecilia Ann&quot;, a surf cover, it's obvious this isn't the ordinary Pixies record.  This is California dreamin' meets Roswell meets Dali.  When it didn't sell well Black Francis couldn't understand why no one else liked surf music.  &quot;Allison&quot; plays to the fast crowd, &quot;All Over the World&quot; to the mellow.  I had heard other Pixies albums before this, but got this when it came out and it remained my favorite.<br /> &quot;Dig for Fire&quot; is a great song and &quot;Rock Music&quot; is a beautiful scream-along!  But this album really is not about stringing hits together to make an album.  It's like an aural postcard of a time and place, and best listened to as a whole.  That place may be somewhere between the desert and Mars, but it's a great place for the Pixies!
B000002ADT|5.0|Miles Davis, looking back, or looking forward is one of the few great above it all highlights from the bop era....a soul stirring talent, real cool, could also be hot, hot, hot. It is very worthwhile to take a course, looking and listening to jazz as it has been. You simply cannot appreciate the value unless you are a steeped in the form jazz musician or buff.There is so much out there to enjoy.What  really intrigues , is the evolution of the form.
B000002H97|5.0|Metallica came into the mainstream with this album. It's easy to see why. Enter Sandman and Sad But True are two of the greatest metal/rock songs of all time. They're both almost 11 years old and radio stations still play them and they still get requests. This was one of the best albums I've bought in a while, and I'm glad I did. You will be too.
B00003CXDB|5.0|It's amazing that people who admire the evil, reptilian stockbroker Gekko and look up to him actually like this movie since they believe the hideous characte of Gekko and his repulsive opinions are what the movie praises! Some people will truly see what they want to see... Of course, this movie does just the opposite. as, I though, anyone could tell by just looking at Gekko's obviously metaphoric last name. What &quot;Wall Street&quot; is about, is the story of a young stockbroker, Bud Fox, who enters the &quot;Wall Street World&quot; fascinated by money and ready to drop all his human qualities in order to pursue wealth, and his transformation from a human to an amoral monster, under corrupt Wall Street shark Gordon Gekko's influence and to his delight. Fortunately, eventually Bud manages to overcome Gekko's power and become a thinking, moral being once again - not a talking cash-making machine he wanted to be for some time. His price is, it seems, jail time - but only to serve as a soul-cleaning experience, from which he will emerge a human being once again, instead of a repulsive, greedy gecko lizard such as his ex-mentor. The rightful and justified disgust with the ammoral hell of the stockmarket fills the movie and it's amazing that the people who dwell in that greedy market mud fail to notice so obvious a thing, and think that Oliver Stone actually wanted to praise their likes. Listen to Carl Fox's words... *they*, not Gekko's hissing, are the message of the movie. Oliver Stone delivers a perfect portrayal of the greedy and corrupt, so deeply in love with their own selves that they can't even imagine anyone looking down on them - the way Oliver Stone does.
B000002UAC|5.0|I love this album and strongly agree with some of the previous reviewers that this and others in The Beatles catalogue should be remastered. I really cannot believe that they haven't been already. How can they remaster something like the Lennon/Ono 'Wedding Album' which is nothing more than John and Yoko calling each others names, and not remaster masterpieces like this album? Every song here is pure Beatles, and how can it not put a smile onto anyones face! Their original songs are so simplistic in music and lyrics, but are pure magic. I don't know how they managed it. Sheer genius! Even the covers are done in a way that makes them 'Beatles' songs.
B00000DGSN|5.0|being a seasoned senior, my kids grew up with this and I was into Bop... Found that I like this music by Deep Purple, classic and great!
B00004Y6TQ|4.0|I usually don't like to review CD's that already have been reviewed extensively. I usually don't go for soundtracks either. So why do this? Well I'd just like to throw my opinion into the mix because it is an exceptional piece of music. Different from some of her previous releses this one stands alone making another strong statement from an artist who is hard to nail down. Bjork challenges herself and the listner. Coming directly from the movie most might think that you'd have to see the movie first. Not neccessarily, I have not seen the movie and thouroughly enjoy the music. I heard it first in a record store and just loved it. Very cabaret, hints of techno, a modern &quot;Ginger Rogers&quot; and &quot;Fred Astaire&quot; come flying off the CD, it is totally different. The style reminds me of something &quot;Laurie Anderson&quot; and &quot;Peter Gabriel&quot; might have collaborated on and concieved. Very modern yet nostalgic in it's presentation this CD encourages further exploration. If the music is this  good the movie must be quite interesting. Bjork's vocal stylings are impressive as she fluctuates and recoils, whispering at times, belting out at others, jagged and uneven tempos that harmonize and fit like pixel images becoming clearer with time until they come into full crystal clear, digital aural view, true artistry defined. The orchestration is beautiful, at times with a Latin sound, an urban drumming sound, cascading notes mixed with sounds that are dreamy than suddenly, abruptly edgy. This is an excellent CD that I imagine will sound even better when I see the film. Bjork apparently had glowing reviews and won the best actress award at the Cannes Film Festival but hated the acting experience so much that she says ahe will not act again. Her artistry will shine whatever her evdeavor. The soundtrack to &quot;Dancer in the Dark&quot; creates beautiful aural images that can only be further enhanced upon seeing the film.
B00000637V|5.0|I can only repeat how other reviewers feel about Berlin.  I can add, however, that the producer of Berlin, Bob Ezrin later produced Pink Floyd's The Wall, Alice Cooper's Welcome to my Nightmare, and Destroyer by Kiss.  With even casual listening, you will catch musical phrases with an eerie familiarity.
0898451299|5.0|As children, my sister and I read this book to PIECES.  Now that I am a preschool teacher and starting my own family, I would love to have a complete, unabridged, attached copy (the copy from childhood can be found in pieces in a box at parents house).  I remember the parts about making streets and making paper.  The street part is what reminded me about the book, as the street in front of my school was being repaved and the children were asking what all the trucks do.  If I had the book, I could have shown them:(
B00000DFSK|5.0|This is a great CD. If you are a U2 fan or even if you just like the hit \\"Pride\\" you won't go wrong getting it. Several well known hits and a few not as well known good songs. I like their distincque sound and it carries through this wonderful CD. I imagine with their new hit \\"Beautiful Day\\", not on this CD, this will be even more popular.
0804106304|5.0|This story is about four close mother's with four different daughters. The mother's tell about their struggles they had when they were younger and the daughters tell about their struggles now. The mother's stories always have a meaning for being told and it usually is brought about by their daughter's actions. It basically compares the mother's lives that they have lived, the Chinese way, to their daughters who were brought up the American way. The stories that are told are very heartfelt and tender. You feel like you are there in China dealing with the war and bombing; and then in San Francisco trying to deal with a job and a husband. For me, since I am a girl, it was very easy to relate to the hardships that the younger women felt towards their mothers. It made me sort of realize that a lot of girls don't get along with their mothers; yet it also taught me to deal with things in a different way - for the better. This book was exceptional and inspirational and it will be the one book that I read again and again. I personally don't enjoy to read but this book I absolutely loved!
0812589041|4.0|I had read a science fiction novel called Ender's Game. As I flipped through the first few pages of the novel, I had a clear image of Ender's world. I could understand how a six-year-old boy has to go through in growing up, especially when there are brother and sister in the family. But then when I read to the point when Ender fought Stilson, I had a thought that Ender is not a normal six-year-old kid I see in my neighborhood. From that on, I pictured that the novel is taken place beyond our time. I predicted that it's some time in the future because I could see the advanced technologies they are using. I am a fan of science fiction; I like to read books that are unrealistic and taking place far in the future. I liked to imagine the kind of lifestyle in that time; therefore, Ender's Game became interesting to read. I admired the author for being so imaginative to create a lifestyle beyond the real world with enough details to make it real. The idea of kids going to Battle School sounds very unrealistic but the story gives enough reasons to prove that it works. In our real world, you have to be eight-teen to be in the military to have enough skills to fight, but in Ender's world, all you need is to be a kid. Many adults fail to realize that kids are smart; they just think that they are immature. But the immature part is the smartness in them. I liked the author's point that kids are smart. Through reading this novel, I found that the language is somewhat difficult to understand because I'm not much a game player. It was hard for me to picture the battle scenes because I could not understand the words the author described. Overall, I liked the novel and I would like to recommend it to those who are imaginative or interested in games and battles.
B00004STDN|5.0|Cliffhanger is the title of this movie and rightfully so because this movie moves like a jet fighter at mach speed from the incredible opening that toys with our fear of heights and  put's us in the center of sheer terror to the middle of the , film where our heroine must use every survival instinct to stay alive to the rousing climax where our hero must have a last and final encounter with the villan, Cliffhanger stays alive because it gives us the kind of popcorn thrills that we miss from the ,  action films of the 80's but put someone like Stallone in this  adventure and you have a top notch action thrill ride ,Stallone makes a big come back and even does most of his own stunts and  yes that is him on the mountian.Stallone plays Gabe Walker a , mountian ranger who has been climbing for years when he decides to assist his ranger friend and his love intrest a fun day of  mountain climbing turns into sheer terror as young woman hangs on for dear life as Gabe tries desperately to rescue her but  the attemp fails and the woman falls to her death,Gabe suddenly feels sorry for himself because he wished there was more that  he could have done.Meanwhile Eric Qualen play perfectly by ,  Jhon Lithgow holds a U.S. Treasury hiest in midair the plan  fails and the crash in the rockies with the money lost and a distress call is sent and picked up , Gabe sees this an big  oppertunity to redeem himself from his past little does gabe  know that these perticular terrorist want there money and ,  they will go to every length to get it even if it means killing Gabe he must use ever survival instinct known to him to make  it through the onslaught of terror tired hungry and freezing  to death Gabe takes a stand against the terrorists in this  heart stopping thrill ride.<br />     Features sevral audio commentarys , personal intro from  director Renny Harlin , the making of Cliffhanger on the edge, the exciting theatrical trailer , storyboards and much more a  pulse pounding popcorn thrill ride incredable cinimatography  and academy award winning sound makes good use of dolby digital if you liked this years Vertical Limit then pick Cliffhanger up and hang on this one peaks fast.
B000009PNY|4.0|The first time I heard about this album, I was unsure if I would enjoy it. After all, I had been listening to Depeche Mode since '84 and was not too sure that anyone re-making their songs could do them justice. Instead, I was pleasantly surprised to hear some of my favorite artists, along with some I had never heard of before, put a new spin on some Depeche Mode standards. I still laugh out loud everytime I hear &quot;Master &amp; Servant&quot; off of this album... truly a bow down to the way Depeche Mode knows not to take themselves too seriously all the time.
B000023X9W|5.0|CLASSIC NEIL YOUNG OWN IT..............................
B00000FCBC|3.0|Metallica finally did its fans a true favor in 1998 in reissuing the rare, out-of-print &quot;garage&quot; covers. But then they slid that favor into a manure sandwich largely consisting of the same kind of half-hearted boogie rock that's permeated the band's sound since the Black Album.<br />Not that the new covers are a total loss. The Mercyful Fate medley is nice and ... hmmm well that's about it, isn't it? I see that Hetfield yet again chose to humiliate himself by trying to sing something by Glenn Danzig, and this time he even tried to outdo Ozzy's wailing on &quot;Sabra Cadabra.&quot; Both tracks are good for a hearty laugh.<br />No, most of us real fans shall stick with Disc 2, the collection of old-school covers by Budgie, Diamond Head and Queen. Wouldn't recommend paying full price, though; you probably can locate this in used CD bins without much trouble.
0789723107|5.0|<BR>How can a designer or design team truly step back and look at their own website as someone seeing it for the first time? <BR><BR>Yes, we may think we do -- but Steve Krug's powerful and effective concept of visualizing people's &quot;thought balloons&quot; as they look over your site and its navigation will change your perspective forever! Using many actual website examples, Krug and his cartoons open your mind to a clear and fundamental look at usability issues. He also skewers the personality issues on the client and developer's side that can adversely affect site building. <BR>Yet always beneath the humor is a solid foundation of concise, well grounded, and practical design principles -- among them: Five questions your home page must answer for a new viewer; Six elements ALL your pages should have; and importantly, when and how to do usability testing (on a budget, no less).<BR><BR>Common sense never seemed so sensible before! Among my many web design books, this one is on the top of the stack.
B00003CXFG|5.0|This was great movie!  Great effects!  I bought it not knowing much about the storyline.  It turns out, not only is it suspensful but it's filled with lots of cool cinemamographic effects, such as the really cool dissolves, cool blue color filters and let me just say that the director did a lot of really cool things with this movie.
0812550706|4.0|Ender's Game is a very good book. I had to read it for an English class and at first was not very interested in reading the book, but then after I got started reading I got hooked! This is a pretty easy reading book. Kids and adults should read this wonderful science fiction book.          This book deals with a boy named Ender who is raised to fight in this war that has been going on with them and the aliens. Ender is found to have some special gift. He is trained to have no feelings as far as remorse or anything along those lines. He goes along and fights in this war. Ender is a very intelligent kid who I would call an overachiever.       Good ending to the book.     One of my favorite quotes is from Enders sister. (Valentine)       Welcome to the human race. Nobody controls his own life, Ender. The best you can do is choose to be controlled by good people, by people who love you.&quot; -Valentine<br />   Enders game is great at making you feel like you are part of the book. The book just gives you this hero feeling about Ender. In the book Enders' Games many good points of life are brought out such as Honesty, courage and ones of that nature. Enders game is a book that does not leave much out. There is a great amount of detail in the book.
B000002O1Q|5.0|Love the movie, love the soundtrack, especially I Can Dream About You and TIWIMTBY.  Michael Pare and Diane Lane set the screen on fire, the music fanned the flames.  Been listening and watching ever since it came out.  Will keep on listening forever.
0812550706|5.0|Ender's Game is a very good book. I had to read it for an English class and at first was not very interested in reading the book, but then after I got started reading I got hooked! This is a pretty easy reading book. Kids and adults should read this wonderful science fiction book.          This book deals with a boy named Ender who is raised to fight in this war that has been going on with them and the aliens. Ender is found to have some special gift. He is trained to have no feelings as far as remorse or anything along those lines. He goes along and fights in this war. Ender is a very intelligent kid who I would call an overachiever.       Good ending to the book.     One of my favorite quotes is from Enders sister. (Valentine)       Welcome to the human race. Nobody controls his own life, Ender. The best you can do is choose to be controlled by good people, by people who love you.&quot; -Valentine<br />   Enders game is great at making you feel like you are part of the book. The book just gives you this hero feeling about Ender. In the book Enders' Games many good points of life are brought out such as Honesty, courage and ones of that nature. Enders game is a book that does not leave much out. There is a great amount of detail in the book.
0767824571|5.0|This is a hilarious movie with lots of hidden jokes.  In the beginnig be sure to read the footnotes and credits.  look at everything as a joke.  &quot;Run Awaaay&quot;, or there is &quot;u mi sa to ta do da BONK!&quot;
0553106635|5.0|True, enrapturing fantasy at its best requires a complex amalgam of brutally realistic prospects and highly imaginative, improbable characters, settings and  plots.  George R. R. Martin combines the two ingredients masterfully in the latest installment of his epic saga &quot;A Song of Ice and Fire.&quot;  His characters are as improbable as they are realistic, while the interwoven subplots of the novel are passionate and unpredictable.  Martin's story-telling genius keeps the reader enthralled with every development in the storyline while he artfully weaves a plausible and magnificent social and cultural setting for his plot.<br />Nevertheless, what makes this and Martin's first two novels so memorable is the carefree way in which he keeps the reader eager and hopeful even as he introduces us intimately to characters with whom we fall in love only to see them come to tragic ends.  A fantasy novel that can keep readers hopeful of a galant resolution to the plot, while maitaining an everpresent thread of sorrow and realism is truly a memorable literary work.  Demanding fantasy readers will relish this book and wish there were more writers like Martin in the genre.
6303407161|5.0|If you want my opinion, this is the greatest movie of all time.  It's better than the Godfather, Citizen Kane, and Casablanca will ever be.  The plot and acting is spellbinding and no one actor is better than the other in Robert Redford's best film.
079284470X|1.0|You have to wonder about a movie's worth when its defenders keep telling us up front that it's not a &quot;classic.&quot;  What they really mean is, this movie bites but we have no taste.  (Oh, I didn't mean the pun.)<br />Some movies are made with what seems like both the filmmaker's eyes focused on the film itself (say, Bergman, Antonioni) -- art over commerce.  Some with what seems like one eye on the audience (Coppola, Chaplin) -- an artist appealing to the masses.  And some with both eyes on the audience, forsaking art and credibility for box office (see the end of &quot;Jaws,&quot; when Dreyfuss's character, for no other possible reason, survives).  &quot;Mannequin,&quot; on the other hand, not only has both eyes on its audience; it gets down off the screen and kneels between the audience's legs.  This is one desperate -- and desperately unfunny -- movie.<br />(And I mean, come on -- a Kim Cattrall movie and we don't even get to see any full frontal nudity!)
B000001FS3|5.0|I purchased this quite a number of years ago.  I listened to it, and didn't think it was that great.  But, after a few more times, it grows on you. <br /> If you have just heard U2's newer stuff (all that you can't leave behind, achtung, pop, ect), then you might be disapointed.  Joshua tree is more of a slow record, with bono not reaching many high notes.  If you want more pop sounding music, buy achtung baby.  But Joshua tree is a collection of great songs.  Def. worthy of any cd collection
B000000HTL|3.0|Though for some reason out of stock here, this is still available from Amazon U.K. at a bargain price folks. It's a very good and not too complicated  prog-rock record, but the weakest overall of the first 4 Van der Graaf Generator Records.  There are some classic songs on here  but there's also no denying that on \\"The Emperor in His War Room\\" and \\"Lost\\"  things drag and become too corny and theatrical without enough counterbalancing psychopathic high volume rock jolt to set things straight.  The mildly scorching and wildly acrobatic electric guitar solo by special guest ROBERT FRIPP on \\"Emperor\\" is the high point of those two rather languorous tunes which take up  some 20 minutes.<br />The remaining 27 minutes of \\"H to He Who Am the Only One\\" (hands down the most bizzare title in the bizzare world of rock record names ever) are absolutely brilliant and some of the real earners of this band's reputation: \\"Killer,\\" an allegorical song written from the point of view of a shark has a crazy undulating vocal line which  would've made this song an all-time famous rock classic on the order of \\"Aqualung\\" had it been given as much radio play; \\"House With No Door\\" is a haunting slow tune that really grows on one; and \\"Pioneers Over c\\" is bizzaro space-prog that rocks on groovily in a very 'deep-space' atmosphere,  sounding at times like David Bowie fronting the first incarnation of King Crimson.
0385495323|5.0|This book is an excellent  overview of the field of cryptography. This is one of the best  books on a scientific subject in recentyears- along with Green's Elegant Universe-  Singh does an excellent job describing the various ciphers used over the last 200 years ( from the roman empire to modern methods). What  makes this book different than other books on the subject  is that Singh introduces each encryption 9and decryption)  method in a historeical context and gives the reader a glimpse into the motoves of the cryptographer.<br />Great reading. The weakest section is that on decicipherng hieroglyphics.   It is well written but  fails to adequately  explain the magbitude of the task  and the intellectual achievement involved.<br />The book also includes a competition for readers interested in  testing their skills at deciphering codes. There are 7 ciphes in the appendices with a substantial prize to the first person that solves them ( unsolved as of 12/2000).
B00004SCX6|5.0|&quot;Oops!...I Did It Again&quot; is an album filled with energetic and smooth music that will get your body movin' or a little teary eyed (like me for instance; don't make fun of me!), but I have to tell you that the catchy tunes make this album a definite no. 1 winner.  One more thing I have to get off my chest before I finish typing this:  When God had the idea of creating the most beautiful and talented woman on the face of the Earth, he made Britney Spears.  That's it; I'm out!
6300181553|5.0|How could reviewers say this film has no plot?  Actually it's a classic plot.  The scene in which Marjorie Reynolds first falls in love with Bing - by the fireside at Holiday Inn - has a lovely wisdom to it.  She realizes that he's the simple type, just like her father was!  But, because he can't express himself well enough to her, she's stolen away by the fancier Astaire and the Hollywood biz.  The final scene is an irresistable tearjerker as Bing recreates that fireside scene on the set of her latest film, winning her heart and taking her back to Holiday Inn.  Reviewers writing that the film is &quot;offensive&quot; show little perspective on the times.  African Americans are not represented in a demeaning way.  It's just that characters like Mamie and blackface numbers now SYMBOLIZE racism to us!  This is a timeless gem.
B00004SCX6|1.0|Her music is fun but she aint gotta a voice. The girl can't sing a tune if she tried to sing live. And when she TRIED to sing live she sounds like she's talking (not really singing and the background singers would sing most of the song while she would just sing oh's and uh's).She always lip-sync and you never see her NOT lip sync..my opinion A REAL ARTIST WOULDNT NEED TO LIP SYNC ON OR OFF THE STAGE..think about it. She looks like a pantomime---how long is she gonna keep it up????? Her lyrics sux, they sound like KINDERGARTEN music especially lucky and dear diary. I laughed at the title &quot;Oops! I did it again&quot; &lt;--is that supposed to be cute!?!? HAHA. Her music aint mature especially since her voice sounds very squeaky and she's got fake baby voice. She's got a WEAK voice, and dont let the loud background music fool you. WHY DOES SHE ALWAYS MAKE THOSE HICCUP SOUNDS AT THE END OF EACH NOTE when she sings? Is this the 80s? Her music sounds all the same throughout the whole album, would that mean her next album would sound the SAME too? The way she's going, she's not gonna last long.The girl lacks creativity and no style cuz &quot;my loneliness aint killing me no more&quot;...hmm that sounds like baby1more time &lt;---is that the only song she knows cuz she sings it WAAAAAYY TOO MANY TIMES SHE NEEDS TO LEARN SOMETHING NEW.In every concert she always sings it, im fed up with it. Compared to the POWERFUL voices of Mariah, Whitney, Christina Aguilera or Leann Rimes...BRITNEY SPEARS IS ALL ELECTRONICS AND STRONG BACKGROUND MUSIC WITH NO VOICE. Face it, her voice is electronically made, WHAT'S THE POINT OF SINGING IF ELECTRONICS CAN DO IT FOR YOU? SINCE SHE'S A PUPPET WITH ALL LIP-SYNC, THEN ANYONE CAN BE A PERFORMER..and JUST BECAUSE SHE CAN DANCE, IT DOESNT MEAN SHE CAN SING.
B00003CX9E|2.0|Recently bought Citizen Kane on DVD (see Amazon UK, it's the yellow sleeve with Kane looking up) but what a disappointment! Except for one theatrical trailer and a booklet, there are no extras on this disc, yet many a good documentary about this film has been made. To add injury to insult a worn out filmprint has been used: cables, dots, et cetera. Shame on the schmuck that made the decision to release what many people call the best film ever made this way!! Do not waste your money on this one.
0784011710|3.0|An emotionally engaging and exhausting film, Sophie's Choice is a very-well crafted drama. The character development is superb, as the viewer is presented with a penetrating analysis of Sophie in which her background and that of her lover Nathan is revealed in layers that serve to make the story even more captivating with each new chapter.  A tragic story on many levels, this film left me emotionally drained.  And yet I was also curious to learn more about the story behind the film even as I was shocked anew by the grotesque horrors of human cruelty represented by the holocaust.<br />The DVD is okay, with muted colors and a Dolby Pro Logic sound mix that rarely ventures beyond the center channel.  At least the DVD presents the film in its original aspect ratio.  The extras are good, consisting of a historical documentary that weaves the story behind the film with oral history by holocaust survivors, and a theatrical trailer.
B00003W8NM|5.0|The best thing about David Fincher's masterpiece is that you can take away what you want from this film.  Fight Club isn't really about anything.  That is sort of the theme and the beauty of  this film because that is how real life is.  Being able to watch this film and draw your own conclusions it what makes this film so special.  Additionally it is probably one of the most well photographed and edited films ever.  Stars Brad Pitt and Edward Norton form the Butch Cassidy and Sundance Kid for a new generation.  They perfectly represent a generation that  does not want to be told where they are going, they want to find out, but are not sure how.  Fight Club is an anthem, everyone should see it once. Of coarse then you have to watch it again and again.  It is addictive.
B00004RF98|4.0|A cute, funny story of early Hollywood.  The movie is quite entertaining, with legendary song and dance routines by Gene Kelly and Debbie Reynolds.  I rented and watched this movie with my 5 and 3 year old girls, and while the story escaped them, they enjoyed the song and dance routines so much they stayed to the end.  Definitely worth buying if you're into musicals.<br />As for the DVD:  Video transfer is very good, with rich colors and crisp detail.  Audio is Dolby Digital, although it seems to only venture out of the center channel during the big musical scenes.  Very light on extras - the only thing besides the movie itself is the theatrical trailer.
0375703764|3.0|Will Navidson, prize-winning photographer, and his beautiful model wife move in to a seemingly innocent house in suburban Virginia with their two pretty children.  But the house seems to be bigger on the inside than it is on the outside.  Calling in his friend Billy Reston, UVA professor and quadriplegic due to a tragic accident,  the professional explorer Holloway and his team, and his loving bear of a brother, Tom, he braves the freezing dark of a house that wants to destroy them all.<br />Am I describing the new Dean Koontz?  Nope.  What I've just given you is &quot;House Of Leaves&quot; once you scrape off all the crap Danielewski's buried it under.  Not what you thought it was, huh?<br />To be fair, Danielewski is an excellent writer.  He makes a hideously pretentious academic discussion of a documentary (admittedly a highly unconventional one) gripping.  This is a very well-written book, and he has a great future ahead of him.  However, he needs to accept what he is; a thriller writer, not an artist.  The Johnny Truant sections show he can write other kinds of prose, but this is a conventional thriller to the core, and he should own up to it.<br />That I kept reading &quot;House of Leaves&quot; in spite of the artifice slathered on is a testament to just how good a writer he is.  But, along the way, he abuses brackets, decides to switch long S's for F's in one section, and occasionally his stunts even actually work.  There are sections where he's trying to make the text mirror the action happening in it, and these actually work. But did we really need Borges, or at least a Borgesian character, as a narrator (he makes it pretty obvious that's who Zampano is, if you pay attention)?  Did we really need all the quotes of everything from Rilke to the epic of Gilgamesh to child psychologist Jean Piaget?  If his ending and appendices imply what I THINK they're implying, it does make sense, but it's still pretentious on his part.<br />I do recommend this book, but don't be fooled into thinking it's art.  A novelty of a conventional thriller is really all it is.  Hopefully Danielewski will wake up to this, or read his Stephen King and realize that he has some great footsteps he can follow.
B000002HAJ|5.0|The Cure has been my favorite band for about 10 years now, which is literally when I started appreciating music.  Of all their recordings, Wish is the greatest in my opinion.  Although their other albums offer traditional favorites such as &quot;Pictures of You&quot; and &quot;Lovesong&quot;, the gloomy melodies and insightful lyrics make Wish a masterpiece.  It is impossible to listen to the Cure without a deep appreciation for the poetry and feeling in their lyrics, especially when you listen to a song such as &quot;Apart&quot; or &quot;A Letter to Elise.&quot;  Few songwriters, if any, can capture the mood and true feeling behind Cure lyrics and Wish offers the best of what they have, on the whole.  Although this album became popular with &quot;Friday I'm in Love&quot;, it's still a cute pop song that can't be written off.  This album, dark and haunting provides songs of love lost, trust broken and other themes that make this the timeless masterpiece that it is.  If you don't own it, you must buy it!
0812589041|5.0|When I first bought Ender's Game, I took a look at the cover and the back of the book to just kind of get an idea of what it was about. Just from previewing the book I could tell that it had a lot to do with space and aliens, two things that I do not have a great interest in. However, I figured I would give the book a chance since it was a requirement for my reading class.   After I got past the first chapter I slowly began to gain interest. Even though Ender's Game had a lot to do with space and aliens, I found that it also dealt a lot with many other things and had a lot to offer the reader. As my reading of Ender's Game increased, I began to realize how much it dealt with a lot of the same realistic issues that people have to deal with everyday in the real world. Ender's Game includes a great combination of family values, friendships, leadership, love, action, deception, hatred, and jealousy.   Another thing that I really like about this book was the way it was written. It was a book that I found very easy to read and found that it also did a great job in helping the reader create a great mental picture of what was going on, which I think truly helps in keeping the reader interested. Ender's Game also seems to have a great amount of detail, but that did affect the pace of the book. I thought it was just enough to make sure the reader did not get lost. The chapters are very well paced. The book begins to move at a faster pace, as the reader gets farther into the book. Overall, I thought it was a great book and definitely would recommend it to friends.
014028009X|5.0|This was the most amazing book.  It hit being single in your 30's right on the mark!!!
0688170528|4.0|Jodi Picoult's The Pact (A Love Story) is a sad, but eye-opening novel about two-teenagers lives that are instantly changed with the pull of a trigger.  Not only are the teenagers affected, but their parents as well.    The Golds and the Hartes have been next-door neighbors since their children were born.  Chris and Emily grew up together and were never apart.  There was not a memory to look back on that didn't include the two of them together.  Then suddenly, Chris Harte, a popular high school swimming sensation, is thrown into a court battle after his long time sweetheart, Emily Gold, is dead.  By being with her at the time of her death, Chris is accused of murdering Emily, the shy, quiet girl that meant the world to him.  Both families are torn at the seams and the friendship between them soon disintegrates due to the murder.  Was it a suicide pact or not?    I would recommend this book to anyone, of any age, because both parents and teenagers can relate to the circumstances that occur in this novel.  Jodi Picoult's colorful descriptions give an accurate view of how love and friendship can be bent and distorted.  The novel was a little slow during a few parts, but was well worth the wait for the surprising and unexpected outcome of the trial.  This compelling novel is a must read for any reader who is truly interested in a great book.
B00003CX8J|4.0|This is a must-see movie that has been tranfered to the silver screen with much excitement and spectacle.  I just wish the characters' pasts were explained better, especially concerning the experimentation on Wolverine. Maybe that was the point to leave loads of loose ends for more films to come - but it needed to be half hour longer as the finale is over all too quickly.
B00000JBCP|5.0|I am skeptical about those who give 5 stars to products, but Mana's unplugged CD deserves them.  They combine brilliant lyrics with music that makes you feel what they are trying to say.  Their songs all have different styles and beats, each with its own mood.  Their song Vivir Sin Ti is the most brilliant mix of sound and lyric that I have ever heard- you fall in love just listening to it.  This CD receives my highest recommendation as not only a fun pop CD, but also a highly artistic and well done mix as well.  Overall- brilliant.
B0000256KE|5.0|Roxy's 2nd album was the last to feature Eno, and set the blueprint for much of glam. Eno's synths wrestle with Ferry's ice cool, especially on the title track and &quot;Editions of you&quot;.  Camp and seductive to the last, Roxy always managed to give the pop kids tunes to groove to while never losing their avant-garde credentials.
B00004XPP0|5.0|However don't curse George Lucas either, it's extreamly common for videos to be re-released with new packaging and that's all this is. This is only a ploy to entice people to repurchase something they already own if you're stupid enough to believe that because it contains a trailer for Episode II it's an entirely different trilogy. This is just the special edition in a different pakage. Did anyone think the DVD may not be out because Lucas wants it to be everything people expect and that he is so tied up in making Episode II &amp; III that he hasn't had the time??? So if you own these movies, don't buy them. If you don't, they're worht it @ thirty lousy bucks considering the DVD's are probably a while in the future.
B00004STPT|4.0|Let me say this first--I HATE soundtracks. You usually end up with three or four songs and a bunch of junk (Mission: Impossible 2, anyone?), but I loved Gladiator so much that I seen it twice in the theaters (a rarity for me), and I am a huge Dead Can Dance fan--that was more than enough for me to buy it. Hans Zimmer and Lisa Gerrard team up to deliver a haunting soundtrack that is, most of the time, a joy to listen to. Guitars weave in and out, violins and cellos drive the soundtrack, and, occasionally, the listener is honored with Lisa Gerrard's angelic voice. The whole soundtrack is VERY melodic, and it may put those to sleep who aren't familiar with this type of music and/or can't appreciate the somberness that is present. There is a Dead Can Dance feel to these songs--it's strong, and it might put off those who never liked the band (what!?). Personally, I love it. But while the soundtrack carries a Dead Can Dance vibe (&quot;Windfall&quot; off of &quot;Within The Realm Of A Dying Sun&quot; could have fit nicely on here), it still sounds very much its own, so us fans aren't treated to Dead Can Dance rehash (not that I'd complain if it was, mind you). Unfortunately, despite her contribution to the soundtrack, Lisa doesn't sing very much. It's sad to see Lisa, who has the greatest voice ever, sing in only a few songs. And even sadder, is that, excluding &quot;Now We Are Free,&quot; her songs are pretty short. It's almost a tease--and I'd rather not be teased when listening to music. What's makes this even worst--so much so I almost gave it three stars--is that the songs aren't all that different from their previous or next tracks (&quot;The Wheat&quot; and &quot;Sorrow,&quot; for example, are both quite good, yet seem too much alike). They all have that &quot;score&quot; vibe with them, and that doesn't really suit my tastes (I can only handle so much). My favorite song here is &quot;Now We Are Free.&quot; It was the sole reason I didn't give it three stars, as Ifelt it was that magnificent. It is the highlight of this disk, as it, aside from being beautifully written, captures the power of Lisa's voice wonderfully. All in all, if you pass on this disk, it's far from the end of the world. But, if you do buy it, you've made a wise decision. Hopefully, this will also lead the oblivious to checking out Dead Can Dance, as they are truly one of the best bands ever.
0525945636|4.0|A man wakes up homeless with no memory of who he is or where he is from, all he is sure of is HE IS NOT A DRUNKEN HOMELESS MAN.  So begins Luke's journey to uncover his identity.<br />Luke will have to unravel this mystery that stretches back many years to a group of his friends, as well as the woman he married...a mystery that could decide the fate of the United States.<br />&quot;Code To Zero&quot; is a suspense filled novel of intrigue that will have readers turning the pages well into the night.  Much of the plot is a secret, and the novel is peopled with colorful characters...including goverment bad guys that will stop at nothing to keep Luke silenced.<br />It is no secret that Ken Follet is a master of the novel of intrigue, he can keep readers hooked from page one, and his latest tale will have his fans burning the midnight oil to reach the stunning conclusion.<br />Nick Gonnella
B00004U3UG|2.0|The only redeeming aspect of this disc is the inclusion of the alternate ending which works much better than the theatrical version.  As for picture quality, it stinks.  I've never seen a DVD with such poor quality.  The colors are muted and deteriorate throughout the course of the film.  During the final battle at the castle, the picture completely loses coherence and is bathed in blackness.  My VHS copy of the film has much better picture quality.  I assumed that the disc I purchased was defective, so I returned it for another copy just to see the exact same piss-poor quality on the new one. Army of Darkness is a great film, but this disc does not do it justice. I suggest buying a different version.
B00003CWN2|1.0|I realize the point of the movie was to portray Teena Brandon's life.  But as usual, this was just another movie made for a man.  The main goal of the producer was to get in as much lesbian sex &amp; female frontal nudity as possible.  Was this really necessary?  I think we could get the point of the story without all of that nonsense.<br />This review is for those who do not appreciate the exploitation of women.  If I had known how much nudity it involved, I never would have rented the movie!!
B00004X0Q0|1.0|This album is incredibly dissapointing. The songs sound all the same, and it gets old fast. The lyrics are horrible, and the lead singer dishes them out in a really strange and unpleasing fashon. Stay away from this one and spend your 15 bucks on a good Rage Against The Machine cd.
B00000DHR0|5.0|Excellent Xmas CD, with her beautiful voice Celine enchants you and brings the Xmas spirit right in.
B00004Z4WQ|5.0|I love this movie so much I pre-ordered it - I'm unfortunate enough to live in Australia. But all five of these stars could easily go to the take off of the Bathroom scene in Scream 2. I won't tell you what sort of weapon (or tool ;) is used, but this is the funniest spoof of a scene in movie history. Buy it just for that - God knows Amazon needs the cash.
630518299X|5.0|I really enjoyed &quot;The Truman Show&quot;, saw it twice, and wish Carrey had been recognized by the Academy for his acting.  When I first watched &quot;Truman&quot;, I thought the movie's premise seemed familiar, and indeed, if you read Philip K. Dick's SF novel  &quot;Time Out Of Joint&quot;, you'll see many similarities, even down to the button worn by a character who breaks into the movie set to tell Truman that he is in a TV show. Also, in both the book and movie, the main characters are in a grocery store and test the theory that everyone is watching them by surprising everyone in the store and noticing that they all react to surprise in a very organized manner, as a unit. In Dick's novel, the main character, Ragle Gumm, lives in a 50's suburban town and spends his days playing the local newspaper's daily puzzle, and slowly but surely, his reality unravels, and he thinks everyone is looking at him and talking about him...not to totally give away the story, but it turns out everyone IS looking at him and talking about him.  The reasons for making Ragle and Truman the center of attention are different, but the stories are so similar. If you've never read Philip Dick's stories (the movies &quot;Bladerunner&quot;, &quot;Screamers&quot;, and &quot;Total Recall&quot; are all based upon his works) please give them a try - he is one of the greatest novelists to have ever tackled the question, &quot;What is real?&quot;
B0000007BI|4.0|I picked this CD up because I wanted:<br />1. Superior recording quality.<br />2. A decent ensemble and conductor.<br />To that end, this recording excels. While I am not THAT familiar with the Requiem (versus many other Mozart works), it would seem that Dr. Herreweghe et al deliver a solid rendition of the piece. While perhaps not the most authentic of renditions, it does well (not superior).<br />The main reason I chose this recording is that is from Harmonia Mundi, whom make some great sounding recordings. This disc is no exception; it delivers weight and depth of both performers and venue in scads. Audiophiles will appreciate the quality (even if it is digital) of this recording. You hear the air of the hall, the drawing of bows, and even the occasional clicking of valves and keys.<br />If it were sound quality alone, I'd give it 5 stars. However, it is not the ultimate in performance (although still very good), so I have given it 4 stars, but it's more like 4 and 1/2. A reccommended listen, if not purchase.
B000051VWW|3.0|An otherwise lovely album ruined by the scratches and squeeks of the guitar. These noises are all too common in other albums but I have never found them to be quite as distracting and overwhelming as they are on this one.
B00004X01U|1.0|music is the only good song. everything else is so self-parodic it's unlistenable. those &quot;techno effects&quot; everybody's raving about have been done better 50,000 times before. the &quot;i'm in a trance&quot; part just makes me want to puke. this is not how to make good dance music. get something like &quot;fools gold&quot; or &quot;born slippy: nuxx&quot; or &quot;one nation under a groove&quot; instead. this is absolutely terrible. the worst album of the year.
B000002J1X|4.0|Always loved the bass playing in &quot;No opportunity&quot;. Between this track and the later &quot;America&quot;, you get a real idea of how great a band Yes is that they could cover material and make it sound so completely new and charged up.<br />Question for all you Yes Fanatics. I have heard interviews with the band who say that Peter Banks plays guitar on this entire album.  However, on &quot;the Prophet&quot; the guitar playing sounds so much like Steve Howe that if it weren't I'd eat my hat.  Anyone have an opinion?
6303168507|5.0|Now this is a hard review to write for a number of reasons, 1. i liked this movie from a historical point of view and from a Christian point of view, but it extremley hard to sit through. This movie tells the story of a man named Schindler who was working for the Germans during the Holocaust. ...Schindler has a heart for the Jews and decides to help as manty Jews as he can escape from the Nazi concentration camps. In my personally opinion this movie struck me as bitter sweet, bitter in tht sometimes you had to leave the room from the scenes of death and the haunting music, and also the use of black and white to portray the movie. And sweet in that it tells the story of a man who decided to do the right thing and help people he didn't know , but he did know that what he was doing was inhumane, and against everything that he believed in.
B000050HTO|5.0|Judging from other reviews, I'd say there's close to a consensus on this one- great Bob songs, but not all &quot;Essential.&quot;  Why skip over some of the buried gems from &quot;Self-Portrait&quot; or &quot;Saved,&quot; stuff that really needs to see the light of the public day?  The first disc is entirely '60's material, leaving the 70's, 80's and 90's to be crammed onto the second disc.  It's nice to have singles like &quot;Positively 4th St.&quot; and &quot;Things Have Changed&quot; in one package, but where's &quot;Slow Train Coming?&quot;  Where's &quot;Shooting Star?&quot; Where's &quot;Dignity&quot; even?  Try &quot;Biograph&quot; or all of the greatest hits if you need an anthology.  Bob is a prophet and his music timeless, but as far as 'essentials' go, this really doesn't do it.
6303402348|5.0|Ok whoever reads this probably has seen this movie and doesn't need to know anything more about it. But for those who haven't seen it i think you will enjoy this. There really isn't a category to put Forest Gump under maybe drama? any category that it goes under it is a very deserving movie to be there. This movie starts off with a mentally retarted man ( Tom Hanks ) who retells his life story to people sitting at abus stop. To make a long story short he serves a term in Vietnam and recieves the medal of honor. he comes home to his girlfriend Jenny who he has never stopped loving, and at the end of the movie finds out that he is the father of Jenny's baby. Tis is an inspirational movie and i would reccomend it to movie goers of all kinds.
0767812166|4.0|&quot;Starman&quot; is one of the sweetest science fiction films of all time.  Exploring it's subject matter where &quot;E.T.&quot; left off, &quot;Starman&quot; is an engaging story about love against all odds.  The &quot;Starman&quot; of the title is played by Jeff Bridges in an Oscar nominated performance.  He's a being of pure energy who assumes the form of Karen Allen's dead husband to travel to his alien rendevous.  Allen's first reaction to Starman is that of horror, then fear, but eventually through thier adventure together Allen's character falls in love with the Starman, and he learns what it is like to experience human emotion.<br />The film is directed by John Carpenter who was responsible for such horror masterpieces like &quot;Halloween&quot;, and &quot;The Thing&quot;.  Like his earlier masterpieces, Carpenter's &quot;Starman&quot; is a character study however unique considering it is essentially a love story between a human and an man from outer space.  Carpenter shows more patience in story telling here.  In &quot;Halloween&quot; and &quot;The Thing&quot; and other films of his like &quot;The Fog&quot;, the strange being in those films was the monster, here he's the sympathetic one.<br />Perhaps the most appealing thing about &quot;Starman&quot; is Jeff Bridges performance.  He gives a totally unique prescence that is not entirely unfamiliar.  At the beginning he seems like an infant, spastic in movement and speech. He is amazed with the most simple of acts.  Bridges' Starman then matures with feelings and observations of human behavior and love.  He makes a heart breaking decision and although his face is a blank slate we feel what is in his heart.<br />&quot;Starman&quot; is basically &quot;E.T.&quot; for adults or at least for those wanting a little more romance.  It is a sweet little film.
6305657947|5.0|I have seen this movie a dozen times and just finally bought it.  I'm usually not a movie fanatic, but this one is superb.  If you're fascinated with the excentricities of high-class life then this movie is a must.<br />Pierce Brosnan is playing the role he was made for, the life of a wealthy and confident New York businessman.  The film is based on the idea that one can never get enough.  That when one has experienced everything he can in life he must find something new, or risk being bored.<br />It is a reproduction of the earlier version, but I've not seen it.  I've heard that they are fairly true to one another, however.<br />My recommendation is, Buy It.  If you love wealth and high-speed corporate America, then this movie won't fail to entertain you.
0312243022|5.0|Oh, what a wonderful and etopic work of art! -and even if you've seen the movie, read it anyway.  The best advice I can give anyone.. READ MRS. DALLOWAY FIRST!... If you don't you will miss out on all the beutiful inuendos and mirror imaging of The Hours. I had not read the aforesaid work when I started this, in fact- before this book I despised Virginia Woolf- but I forced my self to stop reading 'The Hours' and complete Ms. D and what a great decision! I read, enjoyed and admired Mrs. Dolloway, reading it first made me better appreciate Cunningham's style, message and plot, I felt like I was in on a little secret shared only by me and the author!<br />The best thing about the Hours is that it shows us how similar our lives our to our seemingly ancient, outdated and foreign ancestors. It it truly is a modern day version of Virginia's masterpiece and is totally intertwined with it. I think Michael Cunningham was in cahoots with Virginia's spirt when he wrote this! I so believe that if she were here to read this, she would endorse, celebrate and embrace 'The Hours'. After reading it, I have a better understanding of Woolf's writting style and was better able to appreciate other works of hers. More importanlty, I have a better understanding of the circle of life.<br />Cunningham's tribute to Ms. Woolf was admirable and amazing. But his own talent eminated through this novel as well. He has incredible communicative skills and was able to tie three seperate and seemingly polar lives in such a creative and dramatic way. I was impressed by his talent and ablility to take contraversial topics (such as AIDS and homosexuality) and make them so ordinary and everday. It appeals to so many different classes, ages, genders, ideologies- It captivates so many audiences that I believe anyone who reads it will appreciate and relate to it's theme and characters. Most importantly, I think this novel shows us that even though every generation thinks themselves and thier struggles isolated and individualistic, really we are all the same. It made me realize that what I go through now, my great grandmother went through a hundred years ago and my great grandchildren will essentially go through 100 years from now. As much as we think WE have changed; really the only thing that has really changed is the hours that have passed.
B00000JCB2|2.0|The new rap/rock combo has been getting major bucks but the actual sound of the music is horrible.  There's no beat and the guitar mind-as-well be a noise maker.  The rap is &quot;hardcore wanna be&quot;.  Fix up the style, because there's nothing worth buying here.
B00003CXE7|3.0|A blockbuster or epic? Perhaps because of its action and violence this picture appeals to the young theatre demographic. There is a lesson somewhere within the story...amidst sword stabs and flying severed heads...that power invested in one is never judiciously applied...or, maybe the lesson was &quot;run like heck&quot; if a tiger chases you.<br />This DVD features a whole platter of additional features enhancing this reasonably entertaining film. Just okay.
B00000J7JO|4.0|This band mixes classic rock with a new, hip style to create a really good mix of sounds and interest.  If you like Scar Tissue or Californication, you should like most of this CD.  I haven't heard their other CD's, but I hear they are all good.  I can tell you however, alternative ppl will consider this a good investment.
6304712936|5.0|i loved it.  it could not have been better.                   justin kirby
B000003TA4|5.0|Aulthough most of they're lyrics are simple, they hold a great story behind them.  Mixed with the sounds of the guitar, bass, and drumsm you get a great album all the way threw.  Nirvana is a great band for everyone, weather you like rock or alternative, Nirvana has something for you.
0399146253|1.0|I have been struggling with this book for over three weeks.  I currently find myself on page 278 (of 449 pages) and I am seriously thinking about giving up on it.  I don't usually abandon a book but The Last Precinct, as far as I am concerned, is not, by any stretch of the imagination, even remotely in the same league as prior Patricia Cornwell novels.  I even wonder a little whether Patricia Cornwell actually wrote it or if someone else did the bulk of the work for her.  If a book doesn't grab me within the first 20 or 30 pages I usually go on to something else.  I was persistent with this one however because I have thoroughly enjoyed every other Scarpetta mystery I've read.  Sadly to say I cannot say the same about this one.  <br />I'm not sure I even know what the plot is.  The Last Precinct is, to quote the Editorial Review,  &quot;an odd, ill-defined organization that is, in the words of its motto,  &quot;where you go when there is nowhere left&quot;&quot;.  You would think that by page 278 there would have been some interaction with this &quot;odd, ill-defined organization&quot; but there hasn't been unless you want to consider the mere presence of Lucy and her friend Teun McGovern in Richmond, VA as an interaction.  Perhaps what is meant by odd and ill-defined should very well be applied to the entire book (at least to the 279 pages I have read).  <br />I'm very disappointed with The Last Precinct and when Patricia Cornwell's next book comes out I'll wait until after my daughter has a chance to read it before I decide to even give it a cursory glance.
B000002MP2|3.0|Although some suicial songs can be fun, this CD is filled with them.  It can bring up some emotions for you, but it would be nice if you could understand the lyrics behind all the banging on the guitar.  Green Day apparently dosen't have as much guitar skill as &quot;Time of Your Life&quot; shows (aulthough that's really only 3 common chords [g,c,d].)
B00003CWL6|5.0|I love movies. American Beauty was more then love for me it was one of the most poetic, amazing, &quot;special feeling&quot; type movies that I have ever seen. The film's cast left no missing links. The performances were on target and a 10. For a first time film director Sam Mendez knocked my socks off! Alan Ball's script is also on my top 10 of movies scripts...I wish I could write something has powerful and amazing has this beautiful story. I would say this is a must see movie.
B00004T9UF|3.0|Not to say this CD is bad, it has it's high points but this new LP by Eminem could be considered a disappointment.  I don't like violent songs to a high extent but I love Eminem as a rapper because he isn't trying to be black.  He has his own style, and, his lyrics are simply funny.  This CD, however, is filled with a bunch of good rhymes but it's not broad enough.  The Slim Shady LP, and previous CD's were slightly more broad, and more fun to listen to.
B00003CWL6|5.0|I love movies. American Beauty was more then love for me it was one of the most poetic, amazing, &quot;special feeling&quot; type movies that I have ever seen. The film's cast left no missing links. The performances were on target and a 10. For a first time film director Sam Mendez knocked my socks off! Alan Ball's script is also on my top 10 of movies scripts...I wish I could write something has powerful and amazing has this beautiful story. I would say this is a must see movie.
B00000DHRZ|4.0|This CD is great (aulthough not the best Offspring album) it is adrenalene pumping.  However, if you are buying this because you like the single &quot;Pretty Fly&quot; your in for a suprize.  &quot;Pretty Fly&quot; isn't consistant with The Offsprings style.
B000005RHR|4.0|Great album that defies time.  Listening to this album you would swear it was made in the last or two.  Ambient is the key word here.  This is great music to kick back and relax to, with some tracks becoming danceable.  Trance music circa 1985, excellent.
B00001NFCY|5.0|Although Creed had much success with their first with multiple #1 hits they hit the big time with this great compilation of songs. Human Clay is one of the best CDs I own. I am actually listening to it as I type this review. I had heard of Creed before Human Clay but I wasn't too familiar with them. My friends began to mention them when the new CD came out but I still didn't acknowledge it too much. I then kept seeing it in the #1 spot on the CD rack at work. Then I finally caught a glimpse of the video for Higher. I was almost hooked instantly. The reason I say almost is because it still took me a while to actually get the CD. Once I had it I just could not stop listening to it. It includes a great mix of hard rocking songs with a lot of powerful cords behind them and some very powerful songs with a little less of an edge. It is one o those CDs that many people can enjoy and is probably one of the top reasons it has been such a great success. Almost all of my friends have a copy of it, which includes people I would not think would have it. It is a CD I have not grown sick of nor have I grown sick of its great songs such as Higher and, what I believe is the best track, With Arms Wide Open.
B000001OAA|4.0|This album marks the begining of a generation: garbage make their music special. A combination of grunge with samplers and a great feeling makes them as one of the best groups in the Uk.  Altough some songs are repetitive, the whole album is fairly good, with some great songs that are very apeeling. Supervixen makes the start. Then Queer marks the rithym, just to maintain in I'm Only happy when it rains. <br />Some songs may be a litlle agressive, with all the power of the electric guitars, and the brilliant voice of Shirley Manson simply makes the ambience. <br />Garbage re-invent the Grunge in a New form. An album that is not acessible to all hears, but quite acessiblw, thougt
0930289234|5.0|I'm not a long-time fan of comics- I got into the medium when a friend loaned me some _Sandman_ books. So I can't say whether it's true that Watchmen redefined the industry when it came out. I can say that it changed my expectation of what can be done in a comic book.<br />Unlike every other superhero book I've read, this one starts from the highly logical premise that it's not *normal* to be a costumed crimefighter. These people must have issues. Then we throw in the stunned reactions of the costumed heros when the first SUPERheroes show up, an interpretation of how they could have changed history, and one of the most morally ambiguous endings ever, and you have one excellent plot.<br />There's more than plot to look at, though. The art is quite well done, and the writing is richly textured. Moore obviously had the entire story well planned before he started writing it, as bits at the beginning that seem inconsequential become resonant with the broader themes of the story when the punch line hits issues later. No other comic does so well upon repeated readings.<br />Not everyone will like the bleak tone of _Watchmen_, but if you're a fan of comics, you owe it to yourself to read it.
B00004TJTQ|5.0|I loved this movie. It is funny,sad, heartwarming, and tearjerking all in one. Great for a night with the family. Hope you buy this because it is great. A true movie about life, death, and that your best friend doesn't have to be human.
0312952813|5.0|Michael Connelly's books are definitively within the &quot;hard-boiled urban detective&quot; genre that historically has been highlighted by the work of Raymond Chandler and other great mystery writers.  *The Black Ice* is the second in a series of novels with LAPD detective Hieronymous Bosch as the protagonist (the first was *The Black Echo*), and it's definitely a winner.  There's murder, intrigue, twists and turns in the plot, and plenty of action, as well.  <br />One thing that Connelly does particularly well is to include geographical/place descriptions in his work. When one reads his descriptions of life in Los Angeles or travels to a bordertown like Mexicali, these places really do seem real and are accurately depicted.  <br />The book is not perfect; as in so many police mysteries, sometimes the clues come just a bit too neatly packaged, and at times this doesn't seem realistic. But then, real police work is probably pretty dull 90% of the time (false leads, endless drudgery, etc.), so streamlining the process for the sake of fast-moving fiction is certainly forgiveable.  The other thing that had me rolling my eyes a bit is the obligatory &quot;romantic angle&quot; that seems always to be a subplot in these books.  Again, it's kind of a sacred part of the genre, but wouldn't it be interesting if for once Bosch noted the &quot;gorgeous but sad woman&quot; and then went about his business without becoming involved with her?  <br />All in all, this is a terrific book and an absorbing, &quot;can't put it down&quot; read.  One last thing: I would recommend that people who wish to read the Bosch novels start with the first (*The Black Echo*) and read them in chronological order, as Connelly is very careful in his novels about maintaining accurate references to what has happened to his protagonist previously.
B000002J2B|5.0|If you're a fan of rock with influences borrowed from Classical and Romantic periods, or just a serious music fan, you need this disc in your collection.  You want to know where Dream Theater,  Spock's Beard, and the Flower Kings got alot of their ideas?   Monumental works from Rush, Yes, Kansas, Pink Floyd, and early Genesis such as this one all played a huge part and you can hear many similarities. Aside from the song Your Own Special Way (which I always skip), this disc is brilliant and is full of interesting rhythms, delicious harmonies, and melodies so beautiful they must have been inspired by God himself.  Seriously, sit down and listen to the fusionesque All in a Mouse's Night, the delicate One for the Vine, or the haunting Blood on the Rooftops and then tell me who is still putting out rock music like this.
0553573403|5.0|If you enjoy Fantasy and Sci-Fi, you need to read this. As others reviews have pointed out this tale is not about fire and brimstone - it's about rea people. Well, they could be real people. Unlike Jordan, Goodkind, etc. there is so much reality in this story you really get involved.<br />It's gritty, dirty, emotional, brutal ... just what you know the medieval times truly were like. Magic is used sparingly and realistically.<br />The other major difference with most other Fantasy authors is that the saga gets better with later books!<br />Without a doubt this is going to be a classic.
0440219078|5.0|I loved &quot;The Giver.&quot; I thought that it was an excellent book. The author, Lois Lowry did a fantastic job of writing a novel about a twelve year old. This book was not boring to me and I couldn't put it down. It had so many actions and it was unlike any other story that I have read before. In my opinion, &quot;The Giver&quot; is an excellent book.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|So many earlier releases of greatest hits for the Beatles had their music divided up into two or three CDs.  There would be their early music on one and then their &quot;drug&quot; music on another.  I think that this CD is great because it offers a mix of their music from their entire career.  Now I don't have to switch CDs to listen to both their earliest and later hits.
0440180295|4.0|Slaughterhouse Five is one of the most interesting books I have ever read.  With this incredible book, Kurt Vonnegut broke the rules of the traditional novel.  He wrote it in such a way that the reader is hurled through time both forward and backward.  The protagonist, Billy Pilgrim, has a strange affliction.  He often loses consciousness only to come to in another time in his life.  This ability gives the book a very circular timeline as opposed to the more traditional linear format.  Slaughterhouse Five is an anti-war book.  Vonnegut showed the insignificance of a single life in wartime by adding the phrase \\"So it goes.\\" after every death in the book.  The book does have a positive outlook on death however, which Billy learns through his encounters with the Tralfmadorians, an alien race which for whatever reason is interested in him.  Slaughterhouse Five is unfortunately a bit dry in some parts, but the attentive reader can draw out some very positive messages from the story.  The characters in the book lack depth, which allows them to be more expendable.  This can either be good or bad.  Their expendability can once again prove the insignificance of human life, or their lack of depth may just fail to capture the reader's attention.  I would recommend Slaughterhouse Five to anyone that is bored with the average novel.  I think you will be pleased with this interesting novel.
B000002HPV|4.0|I had a revelatory experience with this album recently which revised my rating of the album upwards -- Gave this two stars in a previous review based upon its unlistenability.  After reading lots of positive reviews on Amazon, I decided to give it another listen, and grabbed a cheap portable and headphones and gave it a spin.  Without all the exaggerated bass that same across on my fancy stereo, the disk was laid bare.  My main stereo doesn't even have tone controls --  it plays flat.  Bj&ouml;rk must have a thing for bass because Telegram also suffers from too much bass boost.  Without all the boomy bass, the songs suddenly became much more enjoyable.  I could listen to Bj&ouml;rk's lyrics and beautiful orchestrations against all the noise in a complementary, seemingly discordant but inventive harmonious fashion.  Now the music made sense in context, without being overwhelmed.  This album's dark streak has emotional intensity.  Finally, all is full of love, but not without a ride through Bj&ouml;rk's haunted house. //  So, I warn those without tone controls and full-range sound systems to try an alternative method of listening to this worthwhile Bj&ouml;rk album.
B00000099Y|5.0|This album is a voyage into a world where music is truly king. One of the those few cds were almost every single track is exceptional. In this disc you have songs that you can listen to no matter what mood your in. Whether your depressed or angry this an excellent disc to put in the player. If you are looking for a band that is truly original in an age of copycats then tool is a band for you.
B00003CX8J|5.0|Just a quick thing to say, picture and sound quality on the feature during this film are absolutely stunning.  THX certification really is the way to go.  As with T2, the pic and sound here just rock completely.  And the film is great as well.  I personally really like it and find it very re-watchable as well.  Extras also make this a great DVD for the price.
B000002U82|5.0|This is a must have for anyones cd collection. A glimpse of what was to come in the future. Pink Floyd is truly a bnad that was way ahead of its time and this easily demonstrated in this recording. I especially recommend this one for younger listeners out there to get a peice of music history that quite possibly influenced every band out there today.
0671449028|5.0|This was my daughter's favorite book when she turned one.  Everyone in the household had it memorized.  She is about to turn 12 and I can still hear it: &quot;The sun has set not long ago...&quot;  You may think this sounds like a mixed blessing, but in fact I loved &quot;The Going the Bed Book&quot; as much as she did.  I took great pleasure a few months ago in reading it out loud to a visiting  baby girl, who also liked it.  Most board books are deadly dull for adults (no matter how delightful they seem to the toddler!) but I always enjoyed Sandra Boynton's books.  Now, years later, I still get a kick out of them.  <br />I have long since gotten rid of all the baby books except the Boynton books and &quot;The Very Hungry Caterpillar.&quot;  They are terrific.  Other special favorites are &quot;But Not the Hippopotamus&quot; &quot;Moo-Baa-La-La-La,&quot; &quot;Barnyard Dance,&quot; and &quot;Birthday Monsters.&quot;
0553106635|5.0|One of the best books I have read, and I am an avid reader of fantasy, sci-fi and other genres.  This series is definitely at the pinnacle of the fantasy world right now, far surpassing the epics by Jordan and Goodkind, though neither of those is bad.  I was completely stunned by some of the plot twists which I will not give away.  I would get so into each character and each chapter, that I would literally be drained from staying up to 4 AM to try and find out what happens next.  The series keeps getting better, but this one will be very hard to top.  Despite a huge cast, all the characters are very memorable and recognizable.  Start with the first book of the series, though.  Thank you Mr. Martin!
B00001NFCY|4.0|A friend of mine recommended this album to me.  I must say I'm pretty impressed.  I'm usually one who goes for more underground, less popular music, but these guys are definitely an exception.  The same friend also recommended a band called Still Dreadful to me.  They aren't as big as Creed, but these guys rock just as good.  If you get a chance, check their CD out.
0446310786|4.0|To kill a Mockingbird is a wonderful book.  I recommend it to people of all ages.  This book illustrates two main motifs.  One is the need for compassion and the other is the courage and conscience.  One of the main character in to kill a mockingbird is Boo Radly.  In the begging of the book he was made out to be an evil, scary, mean man.  All the kids were scared of him and thought he was a mysterious man.  The kids started finding things in a hole in a tree that was right next to the radley house.  This shows that he is watching the kid's and likes them.  They later come to realizes that boo is there friend and he is not a mean man he is a trapped nice man.  The kids learn to like Boo and this illustrates the need for compassion. Later in the book Atticus, that is scout and Jems dad has to defend Tom robinsion, which is a black man that is on trial for rap on a white woman.  They go to trial and tom is found guilty even though by the evidence he is clearly innocent but the people are so racist that they don't even look at the evidence they just find him guilty.  Jem does not understand the concept of racism and he is confused by the whole trial.  After the trial bob Ewell is mad at Atticus because he defended tom and made him look bad.  Bob is trying to get revenge so he goes after Jem and scout with a knife he ends up getting killed and boo is the one that saved Jem and scout.  This shows that boo cares and illustrates the main motif, the need for compassion.  This book is a great book for all ages and really illustrates the to main motifs, the need for compassion and courage and conscience.  The main symbol in this book is the mocking bird.  Examples of this symbol is boo and tom.  They both did nothing to hurt anybody but people are trying to hurt them.  This is wrong and and immoral.  This was a great book I enjoyed it a lot.
6305603847|3.0|The hands down #1 music video of all time.  A must have for every collection!
0451197879|3.0|Roadwork by Stephen King. Is a book that will keep you interested and make you want to keep reading to see what happens.  The main character, Bart Dawes, narrates the book and is in man difficult situations, which he brought on himself.  Dawes is happily married to his wife Mary, who does not work.  Bart has a job at the Blue Ribbon, a dry cleaning business.  There is one main problem, the road on which Bart and Mary live, and the area where the Blue Ribbon sits, is in the way of the 784 extension highway that is going to be built.  The book starts on November 20, exactly two months before Bart and Mary have to be out of their house.  The Blue Ribbon was planning on being relocated, but because Bart never signed the papers for the new place in time, everything was dropped and Bart was out of a job.  However, that wasn't the only thing Bart forgot to do.  He also forgets to find a new house.  When Mary finds this out she leaves him. Bart considers suicide because of all his troubles.  The house filled with so many memories does not want to be left by Bart.  What will Bart do about his house, wife, and job?  Will he survive?  This book is pretty good because of the way King expresses Bart's feelings, and I recommend it to be read by others.
0553211978|5.0|While this was one of the last Jane Austen novels published, it was the first one to be written. I read this book before I was familiar with the conventions of the Gothic novel, but this book is a worthy send up of all of those conventions.  Even if you are not especially familiar with the works of Anne Radcliffe or Monk Lewis, this novel is worth your time.  The opening three pages which describe why Catherine Morland really isn't the heroine type are as funny as anything you'd read today.  Other great passages are when Austen defends the reading of fiction in a passionate aside, and when Catherine becomes convinced that General Tilney is keeping his wife locked up in the dungeon of Northanger Abbey.<br />In this book, we have the beginnings of Jane's devastating wit as she tears apart society.  We also have the benefit of some witty one liners, flighty characters and hilarious situations. (Of special note is the fact that it would seem that college men have ALWAYS been drinking and swearing type guys... although Austen discretely blanks out the 'dirty' words so as not to offend her readers.)<br />I used to rush home from work to read this book, and was not disappointed in it at all, from beginning to end. This is the best place to start with Austen (well, you could also read her juvenilia if you want... it is more silly than anything, but entertaining nonetheless), and it's definitely a fun read.
0451197879|3.0|Roadwork by Stephen King. Is a book that will keep you interested and make you want to keep reading to see what happens.  The main character, Bart Dawes, narrates the book and is in man difficult situations, which he brought on himself.  Dawes is happily married to his wife Mary, who does not work.  Bart has a job at the Blue Ribbon, a dry cleaning business.  There is one main problem, the road on which Bart and Mary live, and the area where the Blue Ribbon sits, is in the way of the 784 extension highway that is going to be built.  The book starts on November 20, exactly two months before Bart and Mary have to be out of their house.  The Blue Ribbon was planning on being relocated, but because Bart never signed the papers for the new place in time, everything was dropped and Bart was out of a job.  However, that wasn't the only thing Bart forgot to do.  He also forgets to find a new house.  When Mary finds this out she leaves him. Bart considers suicide because of all his troubles.  The house filled with so many memories does not want to be left by Bart.  What will Bart do about his house, wife, and job?  Will he survive?  This book is pretty good because of the way King expresses Bart's feelings, and I recommend it to be read by others.
B000002UAX|5.0|The talent of the Beatles is absolutely incredible. There has never been a musical act that could produce such a wide range of styles and do it so well. Beautiful ballads, Heavy Metal, Country, Blues, Lullabies, Tin-Pan-Alley and some great, just plain weird stuff. The Beatles towered above their musical contemporaries and the White Album is a great example of that. This album ranks among not only one of the best Beatles albums but perhaps the greatest album of all time. Magnificent!
0812589041|4.0|I usually don't find science fiction books interesting.  I thought they were useless and non-essential.  After reading this book for one of my classes, I actually enjoyed Ender's Game.  I couldn't put the book down.  It's action packed, funny, inventive, and a very good book.  Orson Scott Card is very intelligent and he shows it in Ender's Game.  He's a very inventive author.  He has a very wide imagination.  The book is so creatively detailed that you feel like you're actually there, fighting the buggers with Ender.  You feel like you're one of the students at the Battle School.  Its an amazing book!  I'd recommend this book to anyone who is up for any kind of action and comedy.
B000002C4J|5.0|Lets Talk About Love, hot off the heels of her 1996 album Falling Into You, continues to prove that Celine is one of the greatest singers in the 90's. Filled with guest artists such as Carol King, Bee Gees, Luchiano Pavorotti, Barbra Streisand and more. This album, mostly ballad driven, is one of her best recordings. <br />My favorite track is the mega ballad duet with Barbra Streisand called Tell Him. This is to me the strongest of the tracks. It was genius to have them sing together, as they are spectacular artists and they work well together. Another favorite is the ballad titled Us, a very powerful song in which Dion delivers the goods. Other strong tracks include Lets Talk About Love, Where Is The Love, The Reason (with Carol King), Immortality (with Bee Gees), Miles To Go (Before I Sleep), and many others. The only tracks I dont really care for are I Hate You Then I Love You and Amar Haciendo El Amor (I have the Canadian copy which replaces Amar Haciendo El Amor with To Love You More).<br />Overall this is an excellent album and I highly reccomend it.
B000021Y74|2.0|I cannot believe that people would give this film 5 stars.  I forced myself to watch the entire film just because I could not believe that someone would actually recommend this film.  Yea it has an interesting twist, but it gets real painful after a while.  If you love it, god bless...
B000002572|5.0|Whenever I listen to this album, all of the gears and springs pop out of my head and injure my co-workers.  I agree with the guy who says that if stranded on a desert island, this would be the one album he'd want to have.  I can listen to this album end on end, much to the annoyance of my co-workers.  BTW, I was 2 years old when this album was first released.  I feel like I missed something magnificent.
B000002AS3|5.0|This is definitely the best album Oasis has ever come out with.  It's raw, not as raw as some of the demos-Colour My Love, Take Me, Must be the Music, but it is them at their rawest on an album.  And that's what we all love best about Oasis.  It is not as clean as What's the Story Morning Glory, perhaps their biggest saler to date, but it has its moments.  It starts off with Rock 'n Roll Star, which makes one feel as if it is possible to do anything.  Afterwards, Shakermaker takes the stage.  It is not the best song they've ever done, but if you've ever heard the Coca Cola song from the 70s, &quot;I'd like to Teach the World to Sing&quot; (which Oasis almost got sued for stealing,  they practically stole the lyrics along with it), you'll feel yourself moving.  Third is Live Forever.  A masterpiece.  It may seem wonderful on the cd, but if you were to see Oasis in a live setting, you would be able to see how it unites everyone.  This is definitely their arena song, able to bring anyone in sight together.  Other wonderful songs on the album include Columbia (which always makes me think of the beaches in California for some odd reason), Digsy's Dinner (Some grammatical mistake occured while coming up with the cds, that is why the error is on them), Married with Children, Cigarettes&amp;Alcohol, etc,.  The whole album is worth it.
B000050FEN|2.0|This film is absolutely gross. It has some of the most disturbing imagery in any modern film. People who are chained to beds and over days have parts of them gradually cut of and the like. <br />Some horror films have elements of the absurd or are poorly constructed so that the repellent features don't seem real. Seven is one of the most well crafted skillfully scripted films made in recent times so that it is absolutely effective. <br />The atmospherics and skill with which it is made cover over the plot holes. I saw the film and found that the imagery kept coming back for weeks and made me feel sick. However if you like that sort of thing there is no question it is effective.
B00004Y9PP|5.0|Great movie! Kind of like a combination of Alien, Starship Troopers and Road Warriors.  The computer animation was very good, the space scenes and the alien scenes were amazing.  The only problems I saw were that the aliens were not consistent with their attacking.  They were supposedly afraid of light, but sometimes they would attack someone with a bright light, and sometimes they wouldn't.  In other cases people would get by with very dim or no lights and live.  Also, they were fast enough to kill a lot of the people instantly, but they weren't fast enough to catch Mitchell (forget her char's name) when she went down into their hole.  It was also an interesting coincidence that they just happened to have a guy that could see in the dark.  No complaints, just observations.  There were a lot of great plot twists, and while the movie resembled Alien, it was most definitely not a copy.  The lighting with the three suns was incredible, and something I'd never seen before.  Excellent movie; I'm making everyone I know watch it =)
6305358613|4.0|Most period films tend to have actors in beautiful costumes spouting dreadful dialogue of the &quot;farsooth fair nave where might they though wander&quot; type yelled out at maxim volume to cover how bad it is. Over acting becomes a substitute for script and plot construction. <br />Elizabeth by comparison is delightful if slightly grim at the beginning. It covers the last year of Mary Tudors reign and Elizabeth's succession to the throne. Mary historically was concerned about Elizabeth's succession. Mary was Henry the VIII's first wife and he had left her for Elizabeth's mother. In addition Elizabeth was seen as a person who was committed to the continuing split from Rome. Mary had tried to end the split.  The film deals with the question of whether Elizabeth will survive at all and then when she becomes Queen her fight to have meaningful authority. Geoffrey Rush is great as a highly fictitious intelligent agent.<br />Kate Blanchett is brilliant in the title role. She portrays well the initial trust that she has with her courtiers something which gradually changes to a steely hardness. She deserved an Oscar for the performance.  Some have criticized the film for playing loose and hard with the truth but it is at least as historically accurate as Shakespeare.
B00004X01U|3.0|Madonna's &quot;Music&quot; switches gears too frequently.  In an impressive instant your skippin' tracks like a runaway lover.  By the time you hit track #4, you want more of the songs you heard before.  Hey man, I just payed 15 dollars of my hard-earned money for this, I Deserve It.  It's Amazing how Madonna can get you into party mode and then just kill the buzz with an acoustic free-for-all.  Save that mess for an Unplugged album.  But hey Nobody's Perfect.   With all the gritty hee-haw numbers prevelent,  Madonna elects her new album &quot;Music&quot; as a sort of showcase for her recently acquired guitar skills.  In the process of this fiddling around on the guitar, Madonna takes the album into yet another direction. And you say to yourself, Don't Tell Me the rest of the album is going to be like this!  Unfortunately it doesn't get any better, just more confusing as Madonna gets introspective and deep.  The latter part of the album we learn that our girl Madonna is in touch with her inner spirit like Oprah.  I don't care What It Feels Like For A Girl, Christina Aguilera already schooled me on that.  &quot;Music&quot; puts you in a trance and makes you want to dance, or at least it starts off that way.  Sometimes accoustic, sometimes trip hop, sometimes progressive electronic, sometimes honky tonk, this is the most schitzophrenic album I have ever heard.   &quot;Music&quot; begins to paint itself into a corner as  Madonna discovers the guitar and train wrecks her latest cd by mass infusion.  It evolves into this whole William Orbit does Showboat Annie thing.  It just doesn't work.  Ironically this form of creativity is being revered as  groundbreaking and critics are calling &quot;Music&quot; organic, moody, urgent and dark......   Since when did Madonna's music become so relevent?     Madonna asserts to create a musical ingenue, welcoming us into her   paradise.  Well honey.... this Paradise (Not For Me).  By the time I got to track 10, I was Gone.
B00004TH83|4.0|While I contend that lara Fabian does her best work en Franais, her English debut is lovely.  She handles the ballads and up tempo songs well.  Her voice is powerful and emotive.  &quot;I Will Love Again&quot; is a great dance song that really showcases the strength of her lungs.  Other great songs are &quot;Part Of Me,&quot; &quot;To Love Again,&quot; &quot;Yelliel.&quot;  ....
B00003CX8J|4.0|although I wouldn't dare going as far as claiming this movie is one of the most demanding of film history - something like a milestone in filmmaking (we could debate about the milestone though)- it is one helluva comic-book adaptation.I watched this  great mother of a movie on the first day it was released in theaters and I have to say that it really satisfied me. the action somehow made me think of The Matrix (damn good special effects), manifesting something like a true nature to the comix. the movie's plot is no big deal to tell: our world's not only the home of humans, but of mutants as well - gov wonders wheter the mutants are dangerous or not - wheter their skills are dangerous or not. Magneto - bad guy - invented a machine when installed on the statue of liberty, will turn the gathered gov watching the fireworks on new year's eve into mutants ... and only the good mutants have the possibilities to prevent this disaster. wolverine's girlfriend's also involved in this kind of apocalypse and Prof. X and his x-men have to save the world ... or at least a part of it. if you like watching movies packed with action, convincing actors, great storytelling and quite a lot of science fiction, put your index finger on the right button of your mouse (or on your touchpad if you re using a laptop), click on add to shopping cart and there you go. believe me, this film will give you the chance to enter a totally different world, threatening you with the frightening end of mankind as you know it ... if the movie's magic doesn't work out the thing will at least entertain you. and I think twenty bucks should be worth to spend for two hours of really great acting and great entertainment. just buy it!
0671004107|5.0|I loved this Carl Sagan masterpiece for three main reasons:  (1) it is an intelligent, realistic look at what would happen if we actually did make contact with an alien civilization; (2) it is an insightful commentary on the relationship between religion and science; and (3) it is wonderful fiction, with characters as realistic as the plot and the science.  It is the kind of science fiction that is only one step removed from science fact:  Consider it a realistic story with some fantasy elements, rather than a fantasy story with some realistic elements (a la Star Wars).  I saw the movie first, and it's the only movie that has made me want to go out and buy the book.  And the book did not disappoint; in fact, it was even better than I had expected.
B0000507R2|4.0|In response to the only other review, this DVD audio disc is not supposed to be a concert video.  This is technology that is new to the average consumer (as is apparent from the lack of music titles available in this format).  DVD audio is to CD what HDTV is to analog TV.  It reproduces audio (5.1 format) with much more depth and music information (without the clutter of video signals).  If you do not have the proper DVD audio player, you are wasting your money purchasing this DVD.  If, however, you do have a DVD audio player, ENJOY!!!
B00004SYWZ|5.0|A-ha did it again. They are known by 1986 #1 hit Take On Me. After hearning this album, I need to reappreciate this Norwegian superhero which can be comapared to Abba. This is not the repeat of Hunting High And Low but they get better than that.<br />This album is like finest European/UK pop rock legends such as Depeche Mode, Human League, Duran Duran, Level 42, and Dream Academy combined. Summer Moved On is melancholic, moody but well made first single and Minor Earth Major Sky will give indelible impact on your mind. Velvet the third single is another fine song. But these singles are only the gateway to this enormous masterpiece. You haven't yet listened to I Wish I Cared which will be sure to get them recognized and can exempt them from being called one-hit wonder. I Won't Forget Her is another commercial track which is Depeche Mode/Level 42 styled mainstream European pop rock.  If you are a fan of European mainstream pop rock you can never miss this.
1878424319|3.0|The four agreements are indeed important and simple.  I found the delivery to be tedious. I would not recommend this book.
B000005DQR|5.0|This album was my introduction to the world of trip-hop and electronica, and I do not believe there is a more magnificent album to awaken the senses to the potentials of the genre.  DJ Shadow's music is particularly vulnerable to flash characterizations, but its seeming fragmentation is a manifestation of its breadth and diversity.<br />The myriad samples, pieced together like a collage of conflicting themes and ideas, are incredibly well-synthesized by Shadow and seem like perfect representations of the fragmented modern musical landscape.  Very few times has an electronica album captured so many musical sources in perfect harmony (Prodigy's Dirtchamber Sessions is another good example), but DJ Shadow's sophisticated precussion and distinct layering of melodies holds the bursting stew together.  <br />My favorite tracks are probably &quot;Stem/Long Stem&quot; and &quot;Changeling,&quot; but each track has its own vibrant atmosphere.  The much-remarked upon &quot;What Does your Soul Look Like&quot; is a great link between the earlier and later periods of Shadow's work, and between his first and second albums.  There is no better downtempo album out there (despite the notoriety of the Wild Bunch artists) and despite the obscurity of its sources (one vocal snippet is taken from a '70s nature special on African insects) it is a very accessible album.  While on none of his albums has Shadow yet fulfilled the enormous potential established here, this is still a downtempo milestone.
B000050XEI|5.0|This album gives us something we've never seen before and that is almost an entire collection of the playful and fun side of Enya.  <br />Most of her albums usually feature just one or two of these songs (such as &quot;Everywhere Is&quot; on In Memory of Trees) within other tracks of sad, melancholy or droning songs.<br />But A Day Without Rain is just that..an entire album of up-beat and lovely songs with only one or two slow tunes...no rain to be found (although there is a sprinkle in one song). They will put you in a good mood and make you feel like spinning around to the beat of the music as if in a waltz.<br />Don't let the bad reviews keep you from buying this wonderful and optimistic album.
0790731983|5.0|What could I say about this movie that hasn't already been said?  It's the best of its class.  It has everything; music, comedy, drama, sex, great characters, politics, terrific moments...  I could go on and on.  Liza Minnelli is the ultimate diva in this, playing the role of her life.  Joel Grey is absolutely perfect as the MC... his role is the hit of the movie -- for me -- despite that his only appearances are on the stage before an audience (I would have liked to have seen more of his character -- in a private setting, to see who he really was)...  In any case, the characters are all outrageously divine... even Michael York, who plays a mild-mannered language instructor (Liza's love interest in the movie).  Everytime I watch it (and I've watched it dozens of times so far), I walk away from it with the dialogue and music and images running through my head for some time to come.  And the music!...  If you love the music (as I do), you must buy the album.  Get the original soundtrack with Joel and Liza -- not the other versions.  It has the complete stage performances, including Joel's unforgettable &quot;Willkommen&quot; number.  This is one video that won't gather dust on your shelf.  If you watch it once, you'll be hooked... or I should say 'addicted'.
B000002J1C|3.0|Does this music have any relevance to today?<br />This was the first album which contained entirely Yes compositions.  The cosmic vision thing was beginning, as exemplified in the impenetrable lyrics of 'Starship Trooper'.  The classical structures were taking shape.  Yes were never going to make 'Top of the Pops' with this stuff.  They didn't write catchy tunes.  You had to listen to their albums several times to get into them.  People (mainly male teenagers) would wander around with Yes-logoed t-shirts proudly declaring that not for them were the likes of Hot Chocolate, T Rex or Dawn.  They were serious music listeners.<br />But this was a very different era.  The spirit of the 60s (Altamont aside) was still around.  Popular music wasn't quite the cynical business it is today.  There was still the whiff of liberation in the air.  The music/lyrics/vision of Yes hinted at a gentle, non-aggressive form of liberation which campuses around the world could take to.<br />I came to Yes just after this album -- I bought 'Close to the Edge' for my mono Philips 'compact-cassette' player in '72.  I played it to death, and my brother bought 'Fragile' soon after.<br />I like 'The Yes Album', but I cannot imagine how it sounds to someone coming to Yes for the first time.  (Let's face it -- most of the reviews written here were written by people who have been familiar with it for over twenty years.)  My children won't give it a minute of their time.  When they grow out of Eminem, could they turn to Yes for aural relief?
0446525537|4.0|A boy becomes a man in this story written by Nicholas Sparks.  The sensitive story evolves without fireworks yet touches your heart with the same afterglow.<br />With a christian overtone, the story unfolds around a young man in 1958, experiencing conflicting feelings about the reverend's daughter.   For this young man, he must come to the reality of his own family history, a history noting his grandfather exploiting others for self gain and leaving his own future heirs ripe with wealth.  Confused as most teenagers are, he tries to work out his feelings of affections for Jamie, a plain Jane kind of girl, one not especially  notable by the up crowd in his high school.  Constantly trying to straddle acceptance, his 17th year of life proves to be one he and Jamie will never forget, one that they feel is a walk to remember.<br />Not willing to give away the plot, I will leave the review with no furthur comment other than to note that it is a book that should be left to unfold as it is, with it's own perfectly sweet simplicity.  Any more discussion simply will not do.
B000002J1F|4.0|It is not surprising that the live 'Yessongs' should contain so many pieces from 'Fragile': 'Heart of the Sunrise', 'Long Distance Runaround', 'The Fish' and 'Roundabout'.  They're all excellent group pieces.<br />Bruford's drumming on 'Heart of the Sunrise' is a brilliant fore-taste of what he would contribute to King Crimson's 'Lark's Tongues ...' and 'Red'.  Squire's bass never sounded better.  And Howe's acoustic guitar shines.  The disappointment is Wakeman's piano.  How could Eddie 'Are You Ready' Offord make such a hash of recording the keyboards?  The problems are revealed glaringly on CD.<br />Here we have Roger Dean's first album cover for Yes.  It was a sort of symbol for the green movement.  It was a land we could (in 1972) only dream of visiting -- islands like the Maldives and Bahamas were just a fantasy for most of us then.  It was album-cover-as-travel-brochure.
0385474547|5.0|A wonder book.  Powerful writing.  The end is so profoundly sad you barely know what to do with yourself.
0761119752|5.0|We have purchased many of Sandra Boynton's adorable and rolicking books, but my 14 month old daugther loves &quot;Pajama Time&quot; the most! She carries this book EVERYWHERE with her and asks for me to read it again and again. She giggles and smiles. It is a great book for bed time or anytime. A must buy!
0783226063|3.0|Having seen all three &quot;interpretations&quot; of the book (Theatre release, TV-version, and Mini-Series), I have to say that I liked the TV version the best (though minus the cartoon intro).  The added scenes gives some depth into the trials and experiences of Paul Atreides, which was revived in the Mini-Series.  My criticism of the movie in general is that it seriously does not do the book justice in the whole epic scale of the story.  The characters were not well developed, and although it is good to place the focus on Paul, it made all the other characters too simple an accessory.  The Mini-Series was visually enriching and I can appreciate the different direction the story took in defining the legend-side of Muad'Dib and the Fremen.  But then again, as a movie-goer, I'd like the wierding way to be more superior mind-over-matter firepower than a knife fighting, Matrix like skill that dodges bullets.  I mean, COME ON!  You don't take on Sardukar by running at them with a dagger!  After 8,000 years, do people really fight for the known universe and control billions of lives by getting into a massive streetfight with knives?  Be more imaginative!<br />If they ever do a remake, improve the special effects, give the characters more dialogue to explain the story, and throw in a few more Great Houses!
B00003CX8J|4.0|Comic book adaptations have a decidedly mixed history, ranging from groundbreaking (e.g. the first Superman) to abysmal (e.g. &quot;Batman and Robin&quot;).  Movies which try to split the focus among too many characters have fared even worse.  (e.g. the last three Batman movies).  X-Men, going in, was therefore running against long odds.<br />X-Men is not as good as the first Superman, but that isn't a strike against it.  The first Superman had the advantage of one hero, one villain, and a mythology ingrained in popular consciousness.  However, X-Men certainly far exceeds most of the comic adaptations out there.  Though some have criticized the focus on four characters (Wolverine, Rogue, Magneto and Professor X), a film that tried to flesh out everyone would end up pleasing no one.  The focus was also appropriate because Paquin, McKellen and Stewart clearly have acting chops and bring depth to their performances.  The real surprise was newcomer Jackman, who fully occupies his role as the feral Wolverine.  Wolverine is, for most fans (myself included) the character on who this film would live or die, and Jackman more than lived up to the challenge.  The script, though somewhat thin, did make the right calls overall on what to accept and what to reject in the mythology.  The villain's master plan was a little contrived, but the same could be said of Lex Luthor's master plan in the first &quot;Superman&quot; movie.  <br />&quot;X-Men&quot; is not a deep film and won't show up in the major awards at the Oscars, but it was a very entertaining film that brought the comic book to life.  The big mistake now would be to accede to fan demands for more characters.  I love Nightcrawler as much as anyone, but we need to develop the characters we have.
6304925131|4.0|Even though this is dealing with legal stuff, John Grisham seems to find a way to make it interesting.  I think Matt Damon was a good choice to play the part as the rookie lawyer.  I also found it funny how Danny Devito flunked the bar exam seven times, and Matt passed it on his first try, and Matt has Danny helping him.  Matt was sworn in by a fool and vouched for by scoundrel.  The part about the boy's testimony is touching.  I would recomend this movie to anyone who likes good movies or is  fan of John Grisham.
B00003CXDG|5.0|I'll admit it right away: I liked the first MI movie, and I liked this one even better. Both have heart-stopping action, outstanding special effects, great soundtracks and some funny, goofy scenes as well. Don't watch these movies if you are looking for deep character-development or dialogue film. Don't even question some of the aspects of the plot, you don't do that for James Bond, either, right? But if you are ready to get your popcorn and go for a fun ride, you will not regret getting MI or MI2. Since MI2 came out after &quot;the matrix&quot;, a true watershed movie for special effects, even the most sophisticated action afficionados will not be disappointed. There are some really eye-popping scenes in this one. The cinematography is outstanding, not only in the well-advertised Australian scene, but throughout the movie. Tom Cruise does well again as Ethan and we are happy to see his friend Luther back as well. As a scientist I got some good laughs out of the partly ridiculous portrait of laboratory science and biotech - wouldn't it be too fun if we could sequence virus DNA by looking through a microscope?
B00004VVN9|2.0|The brainstorm movie is a good one, but I was VERY disappointed by the quality of the prints and compression used for this DVD. The picture makes you want more vibrant colors and sharpness. More like a VHS quality picture.  Many compression artifacts. One of the worst picture quality I have seen.  They need to re-release this thing and remaster it.  This one is just not up to the promise of DVD's. I have seen other DVD's, like the Philadelphia Experiment that have incredibly good quality transfers.
B00003CXDG|5.0|I'll admit it right away: I liked the first MI movie, and I liked this one even better. Both have heart-stopping action, outstanding special effects, great soundtracks and some funny, goofy scenes as well. Don't watch these movies if you are looking for deep character-development or dialogue film. Don't even question some of the aspects of the plot, you don't do that for James Bond, either, right? But if you are ready to get your popcorn and go for a fun ride, you will not regret getting MI or MI2. Since MI2 came out after &quot;the matrix&quot;, a true watershed movie for special effects, even the most sophisticated action afficionados will not be disappointed. There are some really eye-popping scenes in this one. The cinematography is outstanding, not only in the well-advertised Australian scene, but throughout the movie. Tom Cruise does well again as Ethan and we are happy to see his friend Luther back as well. As a scientist I got some good laughs out of the partly ridiculous portrait of laboratory science and biotech - wouldn't it be too fun if we could sequence virus DNA by looking through a microscope?
B00000IAU3|5.0|the mysterious voice from eminems song stan is reveiled. The only song i like by eminem is stan so i wanted to find out more about dido. i love this c/d sooooo much it has music for every mood i go through. she has such a  wonderful voice. i love it i love it i love it!!
B000007SIN|5.0|I bought this CD to see how a DTS surround mix would enhance one of my favorite Steely Dan discs. I was not dissapointed. The flow of the music through my five speaker surround system gave the music an exciting new dimension. <br />If you like Steely Dan, and have a DTS decoder and surround sound speakers, I can think of no better buy than this disc!
B00004XPOZ|5.0|Yes, George Lucas has done it again. And why not? This is one of the greatest trilogies ever made. No question. For any dedicated Star Wars fan, the extra Episiode II footage is worth buying the set again and while you're at it get the widescreen edition. There's just something about watching a movie in widescreen, and to Star Wars there is no exception. Also there are TEN, yes that's right TEN additonal, never before seen, cut from the original movie until now, fotage in Episode IV: A New Hope. And to top that all off, the way they put the boxed set together, along with the artwrok on the box, blows all the other cases away. Whether you saw the movies when they were released or you've never even seen Star Wars before, you can't pass up the opportunity to own one of the greatest trilogies of all time!
B000050XEI|5.0|A Day Without Rain shows the very best of Enya's work.  A more mature and internal search emerges in this album. It's a direct nutrient for the mind &amp; the soul.  Doubtlessly, it's a stress reliever.  This can also be listened for meditation purposes, in the car during the traffic jam or while commuting from one city to another or from home to work, or waiting at the Medical Doctor.  You'll feel the difference! Enjoy it as much as I do. / &quot;Un dia sin lluvia&quot; muestra lo mejor del trabajo de Enya. Una busqueda ms madura e interna emerge de este album. Es un alimento directo para la mente y el alma. Sin duda alguna, ayuda a liberar el stress. Tambien puede ser utilizado/escuchado en meditaciones, el automovil durante el trfico o mientras se viaja de una ciudad a otra, o de la casa al trabajo, o en la sala de espera del medico.  Sentirs la diferencia! Disfrutalo tanto como yo.
B00003CX8J|4.0|this is a high flying movie with great affects and a great story line. Although it could have been a little bit longer with a few more x-men . The evil magneto has made a machine in which it changes people into mutations. He is going to change important people for revenge. he is trying to use one of the x-men to take some of his powers to work it,because it almost killed him the first time he used it.
B000053GTK|5.0|If you've gotten this far on this page my review will probably be superfluous.  Us GG fans have been waiting for this for a long time.  I would have been happy with the original on CD, but the addition of two &quot;in concert&quot; tracks (Gary Green's guitar solo in the live &quot;In a Glass House&quot; left me gasping!) adds even more value. If you are just browsing around in the more arcane ventures of the Progressive Rock movement and have never heard of Gentle Giant, well, you've got a special treat in store.  From the opening track, with its rhythmic shattering glass (imagine Pink Floyd's cash register in &quot;Money&quot; but with high-strung intensity) to the end (the title track which combines celtic-folk with high energy rock - and much more besides) this is one of the most inventive and powerful creations of the '70s.
B00003CXE7|5.0|gladiator is an epic story about Rome. It has a famous Romian general who is betrayed by the prince of Rome . The prince killed his father to become casear. He the has the general be put to death but he had other plans. He then escapes takes 2 horses . He gets to his house to see that his family had been killed. he is rescued by nomads and then becomes a gladiator.
B000002MNL|5.0|Sometimes I think &quot;Vauxhall&quot; should BE among the 90's greatest albums, along with (or instead of) &quot;Your Arsenal&quot;. &quot;Vauxhall and I&quot; only equals Portishead's &quot;Dummy&quot;, and &quot;Under The Pink&quot; by Tori Amos (IMHO, the Mozzer's female counterpart), as one of the most melancholic and emotional albums of 1994.<br />    This album seemed to show a more mature Morrissey, something that &quot;Southpaw Grammar&quot;, his weakest album since &quot;Kill Uncle&quot;, proved wrong.  Produced by Steve Lillywhite (U2, Peter Gabriel, XTC).  Like &quot;Under The Pink&quot;, &quot;Vauxhall and I&quot; is full of warm, mellow landscapes, but watch out!: while at the beginning the structures of &quot;Vauxhall&quot; seem simple, they are quite complex.    Another album that could be compared to this one is PJ Harvey's &quot;Is This Desire?&quot;.  Both are not ambitious, but that quality got the best results (or at least some of the best) in their carreers.<br />    This is one of those albums whose highlights are very difficult to choose, because I find every song here close to perfection. However, among them they are: &quot;Spring-Heeled Jim&quot;, which sounds like a Slowdive-Meets-Morrissey version of Gabriel's &quot;Mercy Street&quot; and is amazingly dark and accessible at the same time; &quot;Lifeguard Sleeping, Girl Drowning&quot;, is a piece that could easily fit in Radiohead's &quot;The Bends&quot;, with lyrics that tend to give me (oh oh, more analogies here!) the same feeling of revenge that Tori's &quot;The Waitress&quot; do; The Bell-and-Sebastian-esque &quot;Why Don't You Find out For Yourself&quot; contain's some of Moz's best lyrics; the intense closing (both musically and lyrically) &quot;Speedway&quot; is an example of how to write a great pop song; and the heart-wrecking &quot;Hold On To Your Friends&quot;, which lyrics not only questions the value of a friendship (In Morrissey's experience, that is), and it only matches Tori's &quot;Cloud On My Tongue&quot; and Portishead's &quot;It's a Fire&quot; as one of the most intensely melancholic pieces of 1994. This song also is, along with &quot;Your Arsenal&quot;'s &quot;Seasick Yet Still Docked&quot;, Morrissey's most beautiful ballad ever. The guitar sounds as a harpsichord in this song, and I happen to agree with one of the reviews here, which says that Moz seems to borrow and modify the closing section of his former group's &quot;Pretty Girls Make Graves&quot;.<br />   In short, words can't express how much I love this album. This is, for me, the real Morrissey's masterpiece since he did &quot;The Queen Is Dead&quot; with the Smiths&quot;. It's a shame it was followed by the weak &quot;Southpaw Grammar&quot;.
B00000IPAX|5.0|This is supposed to be the kind of thing that bothers me.  This band is on TRL all the time, and they seem like complete sell-outs.  The first couple times I heard this album, I knew it was great, and I had to have it.  I bought it about a year ago and I still think it's great.  It has simple chords and what not, but who cares?  It's good stuff.    I've listened to a lot more music since I bought this album.  More intricate stuff like the Flaming Lips and Radiohead.  I think that's all good, but you still gotta have your pointless punk.  My brother has told me that this is a &quot;fake&quot; punk band, and that I should listen to Sex Pistols if I want &quot;real&quot; punk.  I say, why not listen to both?  It's not like you can't.  Anyways, it's a good album, probably my favorite last year:<br />The first five songs draw you in, and I stay for &quot;Anthem&quot;.<br />Dumpweed-probably my favorite opening song on any punk album.  It rocks.<br />Don't Leave Me- Mark's favorite song, and I agree, it's awesome, it made me want to buy the album<br />Aliens Exist-Very funny, catchy chorus<br />Going Away to College-my favorite on the album.  Gets me, and it's beautiful.<br />What's My Age Again-As many times as I heard this on the radio, I still like it.<br />Dysentary Gary-Crude, but fun song.  I like the part where Mark sings real low: &quot;Ease away the problems and the pain...&quot;<br />Adam's Song-I used to like this song a lot more before they played it on the radio too much, but it's the most emotional song on the album, and I like it.<br />All the Small Things-I never liked this that much until they started to play this on the radio.<br />Party Song-Very fast and kewl.  Try and memorize the lyrics, it's fun.<br />Mutt-This one's alright.  Not my favorite, though.<br />Wendy Clear-Pretty good song by Mark.  Probably better than Mutt, but not near the best<br />Anthem-An excellent ending for the album.  It's the only reason I listen to the last three tracks.  <br/>Get this album.  Don't think about musical principles.  Just enjoy it for what it is.  Get other punk, too, but try this one.  My theory is that Blink 182 is the punk band made to make the catchiest punk music possible and not care about experimentation.  They know what they're doing, and it's pretty darn good.
B00004Z4WQ|4.0|If you have not seen the scream movies, you probably won't find this scary movie very amusing.  Otherwise, I had a great time watching this and it made me laugh outload more than a few times.  There are some parts that may offend some people, but just keep in mind that it is just one of those movies that is not to be taken very seriously.
B000001ELF|5.0|If anyone had anything to prove with the solo albums, it was Ace Frehley. Previous to this he had sung one song for KISS -- the silly but likable &quot;Shock Me.&quot; He had a huge following inside the band as he secretly inspired a legion of guitar-player wannabe's.<br />Any question as to whether or not Ace could carry an entire record by himself should be alleviated with the first song, a barnstormer of a rock song called &quot;Rip It Out.&quot; From there Ace rolls through a seamless set of tracks that are catchy, lively and enjoyable. Whatever they lacked in emotional depth they made up in pure rock and roll style. From a lost wonder like &quot;What's On Your Mind?&quot; to a riff heavy gem like &quot;Snow Blind,&quot; Ace does what Ace knows how to do: rock. Actually, the album's weakest link may be its biggest hit, the somewhat irritating &quot;New York Groove.&quot; <br />With his solo album Ace Frehley proved that the adage that Kiss Is Stanley and Simmons was no longer accurate. There was a new principal songwriter in the band -- and no amount of blood spitting was going to change that.
B00004Z4WQ|2.0|As you can see, this film elicits very extreme reactions:  people either hurt themselves laughing or were appalled.  I'm in the middle.  I have no problem with the raunchiness of the humor (I mean, it can't hold a candle to early John Waters films which I find hysterical).  It's just that most of it wasn't all that funny.  Granted, there were some big laughs for me, but they were throw-away gags, not big comedy set pieces.  But, you've gotta admire any film which portrays David Arquette as the bonehead he is.  I just wish it were funnier, though it WAS watchable and good-natured (all the actors are game and lively, which helped a lot).  If only Keenan Ivory Wayans had been responsible for the script and not his absolutely no-talent brothers Shawn and Marlon, we might've gotten a five star comedy.
B000002VC3|5.0|This is Alan Parsons sixth album.  He started to slide after the second album (the fantastic I Robot) and hit bottom with his fifth (the boring Turn of a Friendly Card).  He rebounded nicely with this, one of two best CD's.<br />Alan Parsons was a studio engineer who worked on a number of classics, including Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon and the Beatles' Abbey Road.  He used his studio experience to &quot;form&quot; the Alan Parsons Project, which is more of a studio exercise than a real group.  By using various studio musicians, he was able to expand the music beyond the confines of a structured group.  <br />Project is a very good name for this &quot;group&quot;.  Each album is built around a concept.  Sometimes it works well, like the electronic, spacy, progressive music that compliments the story in I Robot.  Sometimes it doesn't work, and the songs are forced into the concept, as in Turn of a Friendly Card.  <br />Eye in the Sky has a looser concept (Egyptian mysticism) than most of Parsons' albums, so there was more flexibility in the song writing.  The songs are a little bit lighter and more poppish than on I Robot, but still have the same progressive, electronic sound.  The music is very good throughout, quite a rebound from the bland playing of the fourth and fifth albums.  The only song I don't really like is the title track, but mostly because it could not hold up to the constant airplay. It does have a fantastic instrumental lead in.<br />I lost interest in Alan Parsons after this album.  I'm not sure what his later CD's are like.  Unfortunately, you it is hard to get a good idea, because the rabid Parsons fans give 5 stars to everything he does.
B00003CXE7|5.0|This will go down in the history books as the model for &quot;time-piece&quot; film making. Ridley Scott's finest film. Russell Crowe's defining film. Hans Zimmer's best musical score. Everything about this film is magical. I am proud to have witnessed this masterpiece. Thank you Ridley Scott.
B000002LN9|4.0|Nearly every year, starting in 1987, Eric Clapton would have several night stints at Royal Albert Hall.  This album is taken from shows from 1990 and 1991.  The album is broken up into performances from 4 different bands:  4 piece band, a blues band featuring Robert Cray, Buddy Guy and Jimmie Vaughn, a 9 piece band and an orchestra.<br />The first four songs are performed by Clapton`s long standing back up band from the eighties. Some critics say that this was the best Clapton band ever and that the versions of the Cream songs are powerful.  I always felt that this was Clapton's bleakest period and that these versions of the Cream songs are bland and boring.  On some songs, he just rushes through them.  There is no energy or emotion.  Worse yet, there are no Clapton guitar solos.  Sunshine of Your Love is nine minutes long, but most of the extended time is taken up with a drum solo.  While it is good that Clapton gives room to the other players, this drum solo isn't very good.<br />The last half of the first CD is the blues band featuring Guy, Cray and Vaughn.  You would expect that mix to be fantastic.  But, the guest musicians are relegated to the background, playing rhythm guitar and don't add anything to the songs.  Clapton really should have given up singing Have You Ever Loved A Woman by now.  It no longer has the meaning to him that made is so powerful as when he first sang it.  You wonder if there were other better songs from this band that didn't get include on the CD.<br />The second CD comes from 1991 when Clapton was just beginning to turn things around in his life and music.  The first 5 songs are from a 9 piece rock band, similar to his back up band from the mid-seventies.  It features some of his best live music.  You might expect that the larger band would be overproduced and Clapton would get lost in the overwhelming sound.  But it is just the opposite.  The sound is crisp and clean and Clapton comes up front, playing and singing with emotion.  I think that Clapton needs a larger group to keep him energized.  Old Love is a fantastic blues number.  The version of Wonderful Tonight is the best on record.  <br />The last part of the CD is Clapton fronting an orchestra.  If you ever thought that Clapton is at his best playing with a stripped down band, listen to his leads with a full orchestra.  He really pulls and moves the orchestra with some of his best guitar work ever.<br />This ablum is just over 50 minutes per CD.  You would think that in the age of the CD, that they could have included more songs.  Alot of the music is so promising, you would expect that was alot of good stuff left off.  This show also comes in a DVD, but the DVD has fewer songs and some of the songs were edited.  As an alternative to this CD, I would recommend the 4 CD set, Crossroads 2, Live in the Seventies.  It has three CD's that are on a par with the 9 piece group, and 1 CD featuring the 4 piece group.
B000050XEI|4.0|although i'm not familiar with all of Enya's music, i've worn out my copy of &quot;paint the sky with stars.&quot;  i like to use her music for relaxing, studying, bubble baths, etc.  when i found out she had a new album, i decided to give it a try.  i liked it very much!  i've been using it to study for exams this semester.  the songs are a good variety of light and fluffy to dark and brooding.  i think any seasoned Enya fan will be pleased.  my favorite songs are &quot;wild child&quot; and &quot;one by one.&quot;
B000002GQE|5.0|Beautiful album that flows so perfectly it would only be just to say it has the greatest track transitions ever next only to Dark Side Of The Moon.  Recorded with the London Smyphony Orchestra the Moody Blues create a fairy tale in music that whisks you away on a strange journey.  This is one of my top 10 and easily the must have Moody Blues album.
B000005J56|5.0|Wow.  This is a compilation of simple and seductive songs. The unvarnished, understated manner in which they are composed and performed makes them elegant and sensual.  For the devotee of Latin American music having this is a must. However, don't make the mistake of assuming that because the group is Cuban that this is sausa; it definitely is not.  This collection has a distinctively haunting Spanish accent, reminiscent of milongas, albeit with a Carribean accent.  Friends I persuaded to buy this are extremely grateful for the recommendation.
B000021Y7X|5.0|3.The Who - Tommy  2.Pink Floyd - The Wall And number 1 is... Talking Heads - Stop Making Sense   This is the the rock film. Demme who would go on to great commercial success with films like Phiadelphia along with the genius of David Byrne create a funky, funny, creative, entertaining, cool, and amazing film. A rare chance to here Big Buissness a track never released on a Heads album(Byrne in his solo carrer did lay down a studio cut of this) is included in the special features along with the Fear Of Music masterpiece Cities and the worst heads song I Zimbra. One of the only on screen appearences for the Heads and definatley the best. This was the Heads tour and we are all blessed that we get a glimpse of it.
0060194995|4.0|To kill a mockingbird was a really good book. It is a book that, though I had heard a lot about, I had never had the chance to read. I was glad that I got the opportunity to read a book that interested me in a classroom setting. This story takes place in the early nineteen-thirties (coming out of the great depression) in a small (fictitious) town called Maycomb located in Southern Alabama. The novel's plot revolves around the lives of Scout, the narrator looking back on her childhood, her brother Jem and Atticus their father. The book tells how these children, growing up in an extremely prejudiced old southern town learn from their father how important it is to show compassion to all and be people of conscience. Another main figure in the book is the town scare and scapegoat Boo Radley. Boo was put away in his own house to be kept prisoner by his parents and brother for many years. Naturally the people of the town not understanding the whole Radley family's introverted and sometimes odd ways are cruel and prejudiced against them especially Boo when the truth is Boo hadn't ever hurt anyone and didn't deserve the unkind treatment he was receiving by both his family and the town. The children, Jem and Scout were taking part, to some degree, in this talk and gossip against the Radley's but as the book progressed they realized that Boo really wasn't a creepy bad person at all, but a person just like them with a heart and feelings. They realized that like the mockingbirds in the trees he was there only to help and not hurt and by gossiping and making fun they hurting an innocent thing who needed compassion and care instead of cruelty. They found in the end that he was their friend and that one truly can't judge by appearances. This book was a good lesson on human nature, showing both the positive and negative side of how we treat people. It was a very moving story and I enjoyed it thoroughly.
B000051S3H|5.0|Jane Eyre was my favorite book, therefore, I have seen every movie version ever made.  This one by far is the best. Between the atmosphere and the chemistry between Scott &amp; York, this movie will stay with you.  I had taped it when it first came out, since the tape no longer works, I am so glad to have a real copy now!
B00004ZB9D|3.0|I'm generally not a fan of Greatest Hits packages--especially when they are padded out with &quot;new classics,&quot; a cynical marketing ploy that Kravitz has fallen for here--but this one is worth it.<br />It works in this case because Kravitz makes hot singles but has yet to put together a solid LP.  &quot;Are You Gonna Go My Way&quot; is a blast, but it comes off an LP so full of holes I can't often bring myself to sit through it. By buying this repackage, you get the gems and avoid the filler that takes up so much space on the other LPs.<br />As for critics of Kravitz, who say he &quot;sounds too much like Prince/Beatles/Hendrix/whatever,&quot; I don't get it.  In the first place, he sounds nothing like the artists he's compared to.  He's never tried to ape another artist, unlike Oasis, who have said flat-out that they are trying to remake Beatles LPs.  In the second place, who would have ever thought that sounding like the Beatles or Hendrix would be considered a liability?<br />The insertion of &quot;Again&quot; is annoying, but that seems to be the only way record companies are willing to release this type of package anymore.  The whole &quot;instant classic&quot; marketing theme is cynical and stupid.
B000006TRV|5.0|This is quite an album. Please purchase a copy post haste. Thanks, RW.
B00003CX8J|5.0|When I first viewed this film in the theatre I did not feel as impressed as I thought I should have been.  However, after purchasing the video and watching it several times I realized that there were several subtleties in the plot that I simply did not catch on that single viewing.  The movie seems to grow on me and gets better with each viewing.  <br />Sure there are places where the action could look a little more realistic (such as when Sabre Tooth goes flying through the air in a perfectly horizontal path after Storm zaps him with a bolt of lightning in the train station scene.)  But then again, immediately after that we see a man jumping around like a Toad and we are reminded that the film was not intended to impress us with its documentary-like realism -- it is supposed to entertain us.  And this it does very well.  So unless you happen to be a very critical cinema expert (who probably has not made a box-office hit movie himself) you will probably be quite entertained by X-Men.
630289915X|5.0|The following is an excerpt from my personal Video catalogue. I originally saw the movie in Toronto, Canada soon after it was first released and I never could understand why it wasn't received with much more acclaim (I am 74 years of age).But to quote from my catalogue:        &quot;A man who has become terribly despondent because of a financial difficulty inadvertently thrust upon him by his uncle, contemplates suicide but is &quot;saved&quot; by his guardian angel who grant's him his wish of not ever having been born. It took the viewing public more than THIRTY years to appreciate this Frank Capra masterpiece.The name, James Stewart and the character he portrayed, George Bailey became synonymous.The supporting cast, with names like Donna Reed, Thomas Mitchell, Beulah Bondi, H.B.warner, Ward Bond, Frank Faylen,Samuel S. Hinds and the &quot;angel' Henry Travers was superb.A remake was made about 1978 with a female counterpart of George Bailey. Whatever became of it?
0312955006|3.0|After having read 'The Poet' and finding it to be absolutely one of the BEST crime/thrillers I had ever read, I figured that Connelly had also written other great stories as well...so I picked up 'Concrete Blonde' and decided to give it a go.  After 200 pages I finally gave up.  I can't say as though I thought it was bad, but it was SO different than 'The Poet' (which I LOVED if you couldn't tell) that I was totally disappointed with how this one started out.  Maybe my concentration was off that couple days when I tried to read it, I don't know--but the end result is I just couldn't finish it.  But I WILL say this:  For what little I DID read, I felt was well written, just not nearly as compelling as my 'other' favorite...Sorry to the Harry fans.
B000050HTO|5.0|I'm sure that a lot of Bob Dylan fans from back in the day were put off by this CD set. There is no way to encapsulate thr works of a man that have spanned almost forty years onto two CDs; certainly, there are going to be tremendous omissions in any such case. For people who have listened to Bob Dylan for so long, though, a CD set like this is something less than a necessity: I am sure that whenever my kids are listening to a Best of by Eminem or even Guns n' Roses I'll be pretty angry too that they left off 'Kim' or 'I Used to Love Her.<br />People who have such strong feelings aren't probably who this is being marketed toward. Like CDs like 'Legend' by Bob Marley, this is intended for kids who are new to Bob Dylan: really, his music is so good and so timeless, that they need this. 'Biograph' would be too much (and too expensive....) and in this set, they get most every song that is going to be covered by someone else such that it falls into their mileaux. For this function, this set is really good. Plus, it is remastered and mixed well, and doesn't sound disturbingly clean (which is important... this is Bob Dylan) without sounding like someone's grandmothers Edith Piaf record that got dug up from under some dresses in the attic.<br />I highly recommend this CD as a starter set for budding Bob Dylan fans: it's like the EZ Bake oven for people meant to love Julia Child.....
B00001NFCY|5.0|formerly never one to join even the Mickey Mouse Club , I am estatic about the popularity the creed music is getting for local air time here in Virginia Beach ,VA. so the fine print in the cd case , along with the gracious credits , also contains the web site  ,    CREEDnet.COM ,  and  the fanclub membership address for merchandise  : P o  Box   2 0 3 4 6                            Tallahassee ,  FL  32316-0346   I 've  been  so  impressed  with the conotations of  these  lyrics  for &quot; my own prison,&quot; that it  would be a crime to leave &quot; human Clay&quot; out of the collection                          Thanks , and  Hang in there !!
0679731369|5.0|This is not the book that landed The Booker Prize for Mr. Barnes. I have read the novel that did win, \\"England, England\\", and I feel this is every bit as good. There are some familiar variants on phrases he has used before, and while not entirely new are not boringly repetitive. I also enjoyed the abrupt changes in point of view, a perspective change that altered the cadence of the novel.<br />Mr. Barnes has truly assembled this work as opposed to progressing from one chapter to the next. The first clever use of this is when you come upon a Chronology of Flaubert's life. Nothing-unusual here. However Mr. Julian Barnes is anything but another quick wit with a pen. So the reader is treated to 3 distinct Chronologies, the subject is essentially the same, however the only true commonality is on the date they end. The voice they are written in changes, and with this modification the mood as well.<br />We have a Narrator who loosely guides us through the tale, however a range of stylistic changes intrudes upon his narrative. Intrude is probably too strong a word for it all works, it all makes sense when placed in the complete context of the book. For one example, I cannot remember the last time I read a novel and found myself subjected to a test, complete with parameters, what is not acceptable regarding the form of answer, and finally a time limit. It did cause uncomfortable suppressed memories of literature exams, but the unpleasant moment is blessedly short. It will depend on how fond you were of written tests.<br />The Parrot is much more than a bird, and even when it does appear as an ornithologist would describe the creature, the number varies widely, as do the locations and clues to the one true bird. Throughout the balance of the book the word Parrot and the countless variations of language are not only extremely clever, they show the range of this man's grasp on language, his, and many others. This could have been a vacuous display of the use of a thesaurus, but Mr. Barnes does not use various words as decoration, he uses them because they are precisely what he needs.<br />There has only been one book that I would not recommend starting with, and that is \\"Metroland\\". This book is as good as any of the 6 or 7 I have read, and so far is one of the top 2. So start where you may, odds are this man's work will delight.Mr. Barnes does not use various words as decoration, he uses them because they are precisely what he needs.<br />There has only been one book that I would not recommend starting with, and that is \\"Metroland\\". This book is as good as any of the 6 or 7 I have read, and so far is one of the top 2. So start where you may, odds are this man's work will delight.
B00004SCX6|1.0|This album is perfect for those who enjoy catchy, sometimes cheesy throwaway pop music. If you want an album you can dance around like a lunatic then go for this- I particularly recommend Stronger- but if credible music is your thing, then look elsewhere. For the majority of teeny-boppers though ... this album is good. I personally didn't like it. The sound is too over produced and no offence to Britney, but at times she sounds like a strangled cat. At the end of the day though, she has become such a phenomenom that she will fade into obscurity soon- remember the Spice Girls?
158234082X|5.0|Bought the book, forgot I'd purchased it, saw it when packing for a trip, figured &quot;eh, might as well throw it in&quot;.  When I pulled it out of my bag on a three-hour flight, I didn't put it down, quite literally, until I realized we were already at the gate, stopped, and people were getting out of their seats.  It's that compelling.<br />First of all, I've dined at Mssr. Bourdain's restaurant, Brasserie Les Halles, on two ocassions.  Next, I dine out for something like 80% of my meals;  I *can* cook, I *enjoy cooking*, but it's not time- nor cost-effective right now, so I'm at the mercy of the people in the back of the house.  Finally, I'm genuinely fascinated by what goes on back there.  This book is truly gripping, and I don't hand that term out lightly.<br />Don't read this book on a full stomach;  the tales of infidelity, questionable kitchen practices, NYC sanitation, mafioso and the hooligans back there will put you off your dinner like rotting cabbage.  For Foodies, this book is a little like standing in the grocery store line and reading the headlines of the Weekly World News;  it seems a tad over-the-top, but there's just enough plausiblity to make it morbidly compelling.
6300271447|4.0|Like others, I truly wish I had been there in person. This film helps, but it also makes me want more. To see so many fine artists, from Sha Na Na and Joe Cocker to Santana appear for just a song seems like we were cheated. The film usually presents entire songs,albeit with lots of cutaways, but in my humble opinion, it does not let the music dominate.<br />Maybe being there, the music was background, with this new \\"nation\\" of freaks, radicals, etc. gathering together. Just organizing and meeting basic needs (food, toilets, etc.) was a big challenge. But those in attendance certainly did not pick up after themselves, as they were urged to do by John Sebastian and others.<br />The film is a bargain at any price. It will take you back to a time when almost anything seemed possible --and idealists thought new forms of community and sharing might rise up and become institutions. With appropriate musical background and stimulation of course.<br />Will there every be another \\"Woodstock\\" like that, or have we all changed too much, and the world changed too much?  NOT---<br />One of these hot, humid summers, another authentic Woodstock will arise in some remote farmyard, and we'll again hear all those classic groups from the 1960s rocking and booming and pushing us to new heights.  And maybe we can change the world!!!
0425107469|5.0|You have not read a book until you have read Watchers by Dean Koontz. Why? I will try to be brief.. no book can ever match the powerful beginning of this novel. It was gripping, thrilling, from page 3. There is a lot of description, but Dean has a way of making every description useful and enjoyoyable - unlike some authors who bore you to death with totally irrelevant paragraphs. His characters may be extreme in some ways, nevertheless, they were painted into realistic people that can indeed exist in real life. For the first few chapters.. you will be intrigued at how different incidents can be connected.. then slowly and with a lot of mystery, the story begins to connect and become clearer.<br />Travis, Nora, Einstein, and Vince are the main characters in the book. Dean allows you to see the world from their eyes, which can be fascinating because they are fascinating characters! <br />Einstein, the dog, will capture your heart. Even the evil presence in the story will have you sympathize with it. The plot is structured so well that there is no spot where the action slows down. Given the long time within which the story takes place, this novel is very fast paced and will leave you at the edge of your seat.<br />And I have to confess that Koontz does not leave you unsatisfied or frustrated at any point. The characters will ask the questions that you have in your mind, and the action will keep you fully aware of the current situation. The suspense will leave you shuddering, and the romance will warm your heart. This is a story that is full of emotion.. where there is a lesson at the end for mankind. It will stay in my heart to the end of my life.
B00000J7S8|5.0|I wanted to see what a modern singer did with American standards as popularized by Sinatra, Chet Baker, Julie London, Ella Fitzgerald, et al, all now dead.  I'm happy to report that Diana Krall does an excellent job. I'm not going to compare her to the foregoing performers song by song though because those are awfully tall boots to fill.  Let's just say she does her own version of these songs and does a completely fresh, simple, lovely version of each song.  I love the accompaniment because it is simple yet expertly done.  I hate it when a terrific vocalist is overpowered by her accompanying musicians.<br /><br />This was a grammy winner and I hope it means that a younger generation of listeners will be able to listen to some songs that they might otherwise not hear.  I assume they are far likelier to buy this alive, attractive singer doing the songs today.  Listening to her is much like listening in an intimate nightclub environment with a very prime seat.  I play it on my computer while I'm online too and am listening to it as I write this review. There are a few female vocalists who do extremely shrill scat versions of these songs.  Krall is thankfully not one of them.<br /><br />Visit my blog with link given on my profile page here or use this phonetically given URL (livingasseniors dot blogspot dot com). Friday's entry will always be weekend entertainment recs from my 5 star Amazon reviews in film, tv, books and music. These are very heavy on buried treasures and hidden gems. My blogspot is published on Monday, Wednesday & Friday.
0679879269|4.0|i only started reading pullman's dark materials trilogy on my younger sister's (insistent) recommendations, but i have to say i'm glad i gave in. once i'd started i read one book a weekend, but it wasn't until near the end of the last one that i realised quite how much they'd affected me.<br />all three are very enjoyable reads, but they do become progressively more bizarre from first to last. &quot;the amber spyglass&quot; is unquestionably the weirdest of all, and i found myself disagreeing at times with how odd the storyline had become. the idea of a personal &quot;death&quot; stalking you (in fact, the entire world of the dead itself) was far too odd for my liking. another minor gripe is that i was quite taken with the human-daemon interaction in &quot;northern lights&quot; (pan and lyra in particular), and it was disappointing not to see more of it in &quot;the amber spyglass.&quot; the daemons seemed to lose some of their closeness and intimacy in &quot;the subtle knife,&quot; and even more so for the final book. pan certainly seemed more distant (physically as well as otherwise!), and i can't help thinking that someone reading &quot;the amber spyglass&quot; without the benefit of the first two might wonder why pullman included the daemon concept at all. <br />i would stop myself from spoiling the plot any further at this point, but most of the reviews here already have so i'll go on anyway (stop reading if you want to enjoy the book!). i finished &quot;the amber spyglass&quot; a few days ago, and still can't stop thinking about the ending... i can't really fault pullman for it -- it was masterfully done -- but will and lyra having to choose to split up as they did really got to me. it was unbearably sad to have them fall so deeply in love, and then to pull them apart, never to see each other again. i honestly can't remember a book affecting me for so long before, and it's not as if i'm unused to reading. to add to it all, i don't even think i'm in the age bracket the books were intended for. well, i thought i'd write this review to try and wrap things up in my mind, and stop thinking about poor will and lyra...  hope it works!<br />there are a number of unresolved issues, but you can always find holes to pick in something like this if you look for them. tantalisingly, some of them -- like lyra's re-learning of the alethiometer and the angel's hints at between-world travel -- leave scope for will and lyra to meet again in life. the aurora world seen in &quot;northern lights&quot; is another possibility - that wasn't a window, was it? of course, lyra's conversation with pan at the very end of the book is a last, teasing possibility, referring to the words -- i forget whose -- that they (will and lyra?) can finally build the &quot;republic of heaven.&quot;<br />the ending hurt, and i almost wish i hadn't read it -- but at the same time i'm glad i did. well worth reading, even if you haven't read it yet and i've just spoilt it for you (sorry)! i think i'll be taking my sister's recommendations more seriously in the future...!<br />btw:  i've read most of the reviews here and i'd be interested to hear other people's views on the book and its ending, particularly in my age group (i'm 17). you can reach me at baz@chickshardware.com
0385424736|5.0|If you've ever had to live on a tight budget while trying to &quot;make it big,&quot; then you'll enjoy this book. Grisham's main character, Rudy Baylor, is on the verge of bankruptcy and his job situation is less than glamorous. But you can identify with everything and laugh at the similarities between Rudy's life and your own. Plus, the story line will keep you hooked page after page. Don't just shrug this book off as &quot;another lawyer book by Grisham&quot; or you'll miss out on an excellent novel.
0312857063|2.0|Everyone knows the Wizards First Rule.  This is MY first rule:  Mr. Goodkind couldn't write a graceful, believable line of dialogue to save his soul from Darken Rahl.  This is my second rule:  Mr. Goodkind's editor is either so incompetent that he/she should be hung from the highest rafter of the Palace of the Prophet OR he/she has been collared and tortured to the extent he/she can no longer performed his/her duties.  (Hasn't Mr. Goodkind ever learned to HINT?)  Finally, my third rule:  every character in this book is too stupid to escape the Keeper.
B000000993|5.0|I got this one after Aenima, which I think is one of the best.  However, Undertow, all things considered, might even be better, hard that it is to imagine.
6305750750|1.0|Coming after (well, actually before...) 3 more or less great episodes in the saga, my expectation were very high. And were sadly disappointed. Episode 1 complitely miss the point. Star Wars is an objet of cult, is a mithology. Used to have humour style and class. Non e of which can be found here. It's hollow. Empty, no soul. And finally we are explained what the force is. The result of I don't want to know what process happening in tiny organism inside our blood. I though you needed a jedi master to control the force. I was obvously wrong. Better resort to an emathologist.
B00003CX9W|5.0|This is the perfect Fantasia DVD. I know some poeple did not like it going straight back to the menu after the last frame of Ave Maria. Thats how the film ended. It faded right out after Ave Maria. The credits were added later (Its so obvious and the people walking off stage must have been taken from the intermission scene.) And no that is not Deems Taylor voice. The original audio stems have been long lost.  Anyway this is the best Fantasia. I mean the sound is excellent, the picture is superb. I mean you can make out people's face in the orchestra. If you have a two input televion, and the old and new release, have them both at the same spot paused. Then go htrough the input and make a comparison. What a difference. I;'m very glad I did not have to wait until I had kids before they released this. This is excellent.
B000050HTO|4.0|i have a few of Bob Dylan's sets&amp;this is a good start.this set has alot of his better known songs still not the best full set out on him but good for a introduction to his work.he is a great Composer who has inspired many artists in all styles of music.his words are as essential now as they were from the time they came out.check this out on a true Wordsmith.
6305657947|3.0|This is a greta Pierce Brosnan movie.  He pulls out all the stops an puts on a terrific performance. Russo on the other hand couldn't act to save her life.
0783229100|5.0|I think that winning the Best Picture Oscar actually hurt 'The Sting's reputation.  I know that armed with the knowledge of that win, I was expecting an arty, gritty take on the lives of those practicing the Big Con in 1930s Chicago (okay, I wasn't expecting all of that, but you get the general idea).  What I ended up getting (don't worry, you'll get this too), is one damn fine piece of entertainment.<br />Coming off the success of Butch &amp; Sundance (also with director George Roy Hill), where they set the standard for buddy-film chemistry, Redford and Newman actually don't have much to do together here.  Redford's Hooker loses a partner at the hands of a shady banker, and enlists the help of Newman's Gondorff to attain some revenge.  Gondorff rounds up the old crew, and off they go.  The scenes they do have together are wonderful to watch, especially their first meeting, with a drunken Newman waking up in the bathtub.  Otherwise, their characters serve opposing functions to the narrative.<br />Newman is the rock.  Gondorff may be past his prime, but he still knows all the old tricks and scams, and is beloved enough to gather round him a prodigious group of talent.  He never shows an ounce of anxiety, even when confronted by a roomful of enemies.  Redford actually plays a more complete character, he being the focal point of the film's subplot.  And even though his California tan clashed with the Midwestern setting, I thought he did a fine job of keeping all the plots together.  Hooker is a hotheaded young grifter, in over his head here, and Redford ably shows his immaturity and ignorance.<br />Robert Shaw (as &quot;the mark&quot;, Doyle Lonnegan) is a great villain.  He gets to talk with a ridiculous accent, and walk with a limp, and generally just be imposing as all hell.  If he weren't such a worthy adversary, the con would be a piece of cake.  But Shaw brings a fierce intelligence to his role that raises the level of the movie.<br />There are many other recognizable faces here (Charles Durning, Ray Walston, Eileen Brennan, and Harold Gould stand out in my mind), and although they make for a solid mosaic of supporting characters, it's the big three that you'll remember most.<br />As mentioned before, there's a subplot involving a Chicago cop tracking down Hooker, eventually getting the FBI involved.  It ably provides dramatic tension to flesh out the movie.  But it's the main plot of the story that is so fascinating, for it slowly reveals details of how they pull off the Big Con.  And not until the final moment are you sure of how the whole thing is going to end.  I would have been satisfied with just this plot alone; it's put together so exceptionally well.  Watch as everyone is given a clearly delineated job to do, and listen to the amusing jargon they use.  And while you're listening to the dialogue, don't forget to pay attention to the entrancing Scott Joplin ragtime piano on the soundtrack.<br />This film is entertaining all over the place.  Enjoy.
0590353403|5.0|This book is the most wonderful book I've ever read in my life. It was filled with excitement, suspense, and magic. This book was meant as a childrens book, but the language J. K. Rowling used can excite an adult to read it as well. J. K. Rowling's wording flowed throughout the book in a smooth manor. I never liked to read, but this book was the light at the end of my tunnel. I liked this book so much that since my reading of the first book I have also read the next three. The characters in this book were vividly described and came alive in my mind. I could picture Harry, Hermoine, and Ron vividly in my mind. The vocabulary in the book was simple, but it wasn't so simple that I felt stupid reading it. I think &quot;a student from SHU&quot; had a great review. It was right on the money. Harry learns many things about his past throughout the book. He meets some lifelong friends, has adventures, and prevails in the end.
B000000WF0|2.0|Within their own little scene The Verve were successful. But is this album really on the same level as OK Computer? In contrast with one of the other reviewers, I would say the problem is Nick McCabe and not Richard Ashcroft. McCabe seem sto have too much of a tendency to turn what wouldbe a neat 4 minute song into a 10 minute meander. Songs such as The Drugs Don't Work and Come On in particular repeat themselves too much, and Neon Wildnerness and Catching the Butterfly are very drab with aimless music and lyrics. <br />Richard Ashcroft's songs tend to rescue things,and it's no surprise that it's his efforts which made the band famous (History, Bitter Sweet Symphony and The Drugs Don't Work). Bitter Sweet Symphony is a class song and sounds great, but it's sad that it needs a sample to succeed. Then to top that the Verve have the temerity to suggest that the Rolling Stones shouldn't get any money for the usage of the sample, although it trasformed them (briefly) into stars. If you stripped away the strings you would have a triresome song.<br />All the same we have some things to enjoy here. Lucky Man is a nice song and a good look at life in general, and I loved Velvet Morning's slow tempo and subtle sound. But overall I think this was an overhyped group who would've been forgotten long ago but for the Rolling Stones sample.
B00004Z4WR|5.0|DVD players were made for movies like this. 5.1 is the master of my Living Room and I but a serf. If you love beautiful cars, a script that is fun, and have the ability to suspend your disbelief for a minute or two during a spot or two, then have at it. <br />The plot is simple: Boy in trouble (Giovanni Ribisi - looking greasy), big brother comes to help (Nic Cage - Showing age). Big Brother is forced to resume a life he left so little brother wouldn't follow in his footsteps. Isn't it ironic..dontcha think?<br />The supporting cast is excellent. Delroy Lindo is money, sans one very poorly delivered line &quot;Don't ever talk about my wife&quot;. Robert Duvall as the Chop Shop Master and prevailing cooler head is under used but we'll take it. Wiil Paxton is in fine &quot;Bruckheimer&quot; form. Angelina Jolie looking like an sexy Albino Rasta girl. Nearly everybody in this film needs a bath. <br />Let's get to what really matters. Being a worldly 30 years old, I have come to the conclusion that people in my age bracket, unless irritatingly borish and too self-important, will accept cool sound, stunts and action, sex and visual Ooh's and Ahh's for entertainment and deem it righteous. Old Schoolers seem to think that plots and dialogue matter. Yeah maybe in boring period pieces and taught mysteries with great actors (Seven/Silence), but not with this flick.<br />From the first rev of the Porsche 911 twin turbo, it's clear this is whiz bang stuff. Get your buzz on and crank this picture UP!!  The Picture is very clean. I enjoy all the different tints they use in different sceens to set the mood. This could grate on some of you. When you see all the cars for the first time, you can only think that those cars were clean enough to operate on. DVD hides very little as you know. <br />To wrap this up, the &quot;boosting&quot; sceens are cool, there is plenty of humor and the grand finale chase through a very decayed looking Long Beach (or where ever they are) is spectacular. <br />Want perfect plot and Thespian acting, go to the arthouse. Want popcorn fun and a reason to rattle the windows, then pick this up.
B00004X01U|1.0|Madonna is one of the most over-rated rated artists of our generation.  This album, particularly more than any others, is relective of her ability to manipulate and control the public (and surprisingly the critics) into thinking that what she's doing is actually progressive.  From the over-done &quot;Hey Mr. DJ...&quot; line, to the played-out cowboy hat she wears on the cover, this album is nothing more than a standard, watered down, dance album.  I can't fault her tyrranical business sense, as it has certainly paid off, but I can fault the quality of the product she gets so praised for.  Madonna is a follower of trends, not one who sets them.  Every aspect of this album, from its packaging to the content, is a direct lift from an underground dance scene that pioneered these sounds and images.  And Madonna gets credit for it.  Go figure.
0517527413|5.0|I was fortunate enough to have been able to borrow this book from a friend, He suggested it for research use into the figure of Marley's Ghost which I am playing in a local production. This book is full of everything you might want to know about &quot;Christmas Carol&quot;. It is broken into five chapter's, four of which deal with each of the spirits contained in the story. Picture's and drawing abound in this text, making it invaluable to me as an actor trying to create a character. Right down to an original drawing of Dicken's on his death bed and re-prints of sketches from the very first printing of the book, it's all there and by the author himself...what could be more diffinitive? If you can procure a copy I highly recommend it.
0767817664|5.0|While the film is not particularly frightening, it is well done and should please most who enjoy a decent tale of the undead.<br />The story centers around a high school student who discovers that a vampire and his personal aide have moved in the house next door. A series of murders leads the lad to initially investigate the goings-on himself, then later seek the assistance of his friends, then finally Peter Vincent (Roddy McDowel), fearless vampire killer -- hero and host of a local television show. One thing leads to another and eventually the vampire is killed -- the neighborhood saved. (ho-hum *yawn*)<br />The film is humorous at times but the effects are well done and the story is about as unique as can be accomplished with a vampire tale. The DVD is clean and clear. &quot;Fright Night 2&quot;, an even better movie with the same general theme (our hero is now in college), has not yet made the DVD scene; but when it does you'll surely want to add it to your collection if you enjoy this one.<br />Light enjoyment. Not suitable for younger children. Some minor but tasteful nudity.<br />*Recommended* ~P~
B00004XOWM|5.0|If u are going to buy a new CD, buy this CD. Some tracks are very explicit but thats just cool, I did never think I was going to buy a Limp Bizkit CD but u see I bought one.
0525945636|1.0|I am very disappointed that the Master who wrote Pillars of the Earth and Key to Rebecca should deliver such vapid drivel.  This is Freshman Writing at its worst.  After a series of exciting, well-researched and superbly written books, Mr. Follett has churned out Night Over Water and Code to Zero.  He treats our nation's space secrets and an intense ...... relationship with the same surface brush, without depth and with infantile thought processes.  I have now twice vowed not to buy any more of his books.  I hope I keep my promise.
B000002NHN|5.0|The Book of Secrets breaks no new musical ground for Loreena McKennit.  It's more of the same from this amazing moderniser of folk and celtic.  Given the quality of her previous work, that can't really be a complaint.
B000002B7S|5.0|What can I say? It's Ozzy. This CD has some of the best songs of 80's rock. If you have any sense, you'd get this CD ;)
B00000IAU3|4.0|This album is so pop i'm embarrassed that i love it as much as i do.  But i do.  So there.
0452281881|5.0|So funny - I promise you, I fell off the couch. It's obvious Matt Beaumont was a copy-writer - his character in the novel is the only one approaching moral and political high ground. But that aside, Matt's recognition and protrayl of office politics are hilarious.<br />Read this book, if only to meet Perrti.
0767830555|5.0|Travis Bickle (De Niro) is an ex-Marine with a problem, he cannot sleep. So, he gets a job driving a taxi in the New York night. He is a man without fear so he will go anywhere anytime and of course, this means that he always sees the worst of the city.<br />Travis is almost totally lacking in social skills and this leads to a disastrous date with Betsy (Shepherd) and an ever increasing sense of alienation from and disgust with the world around him.<br />A chance encounter with Iris (Foster) a child prostitute, increases Travis' sense that he must do something about the city. He wavers between taking action against the man in control of Betsy, politician Charles Palantine for whom Betsy is a campaign worker and the man in control of Iris, Sport (Keitel) her pimp.<br />A close brush with secret service men who spot him in a crowd makes his decision and Travis decides to free Iris in a bloody shootout.<br />It's not a bad plot but the movie is really about the alienation of one man from the city around him. In this, De Niro is totally convincing he is in the city but not of the city. He has a hard job too. A social misfit cannot be given a sharp snappy script. Instead, such a person will at times be an embarrassment to those around him and De Niro portrays this perfectly.<br />This definitely a &quot;must see&quot; film. It is well paced and keeps the audience's attention throughout. The settings and the atmosphere of the dark side of the city are convincing. My only reservation is the ending. I cannot see how Travis' action would have been viewed in the way that the film showed.
6300183513|4.0|This was the first Alfred Hitchcock movie I have seen and I enjoyed it very much.  I thought it was interesting the way he made opposites attract with James Stewart's character, Jefferies, and Grace Kelly's character, Lisa.  Jefferies was the type of person who like adventure.  He would be gone for days on trips and wouldn't get to take a bath, that was until he broke his leg.  Lisa, on the other hand, was a glamorous and polite uptown lady who always wanted things her way.  She tried to persuade Jefferies that they were meant for each other until she got caught up in all of the commotion of a suspected crime in the apartment building across the courtyard. Since Jefferies was stuck in a wheelchair, Lisa became his legs.  She went to the apartment building and got the name off of the mailbox.  She also went into Mr. Thorwald's apartment and took his wife's wedding ring.  When Mr. Thorwald got home and found her in the bedroom, he backed her into the living room with her back facing the window.  She pointed out to Jefferies that she had the ring, but she didn't mean that she only had the ring.  She also meant that she was ready to get married.  I really liked the end.  Lisa was laying on the couch reading a book and a magazine dresssed in pants, a shirt and a rag in her hair.  Jefferies was asleep in the wheelchair with two braken legs instead of one.
B00003CXA6|5.0|For those of you who are wondering why this was released in the TV style format. This movie was originally filmed to air as a mini-series on TV but Turner and the filmakers were so happy with the product they decided to instead release it to the theaters. The TV format is the style to which the film was originally intended so it is naturally assumed that they would pick that format to release the DVD in.
0790736101|4.0|Hammer Studio's masterpiece of the horror genre is this nifty 1958 flick filmed in appropriately gaudy colour. With the possible exception of the 1922 NOSFERATU, this version followed Bram Stoker's esteemed classic more closely than say Universal's 1931 classic with Bela Lugosi. The plot is so well-known that a synopsis of any kind would be an injustice. The film moves quickly and forcefully keeping the audience at the edge of their seats; the sets are lush and magnificent looking while the actors are perfectly suited to their roles. The sexual aspect of Dracula's allure to all these ladies was given a more overt treatment than previously, and this aids to the viewer's plausibility and adds to the viewing pleasure immeasurably (how else would all these females go crazy for the count?) Lee is magnificent and really very creepy in his interpretation of the world's most famed Vampire!
B00000AFHM|5.0|From the very first bars of &quot;It Could Have Been a Brilliant Career&quot; (yes, all the tracks have great titles) I was completely hooked.  Stuart Murdoch's vocals are beautifully melancholic and pierce you right to the heart, while the lyrics are brilliantly descriptive of modern life in all it's strangeness. This is the kind of album that makes you happier when happy and sadder when sad.  It fits perfectly with every mood.... This album does share similarities with The Smiths, but is too individual to really incite comparison.  Having said that, if you like the slower Smashing Pumpkins tracks, Beth Orton, Granddaddy, REM, Air and Travis then you should consider this compulsory listening.........it's absolutely gorgeous
B00003CXE7|5.0|I was expecting this movie to be pretty bad. But when I started watching it... I was captivated! Ridley Scott pulled it off once again. Russell Crowe does a terrific job as Maximus, a general who will not give his loyalty to the enw emperor...Commodus. I really enjoyed this movie and the extra scenes available only on the DVD version. Ancient Rome has never been portrayed this well before. This definitely deserves five stars...and I highly recommend the DVD version..it just helps you experience the plot a whole lot better.
B000002JKA|5.0|Dream Theater's follow-up their breakthrough album &quot;Images and Words&quot; characterizes a markedly different change in style for the band. Just by looking at the song names, with those enigmatic and dismal titles, you can tell that Awake is a more darker, more serious record than the relatively positive and hopeful feeling I&amp;W. Some would say that this is the inferior album, but I think that the somber arrangements yield more emotional intensity, with more profound and honest performances by all the band's musicians.<br />Vocalist James LaBrie's voice is tempered by a vicious element that lends a deep sense of anger to many of the songs, but at other times he can be wonderfully delicate and soulful. He retains all of his best qualities from I&amp;W, but he expands his vocal vocabulary by better utilizing his ample range. John Petrucci's guitars are dazzlingly technical, but what makes him so special is that he can isolate and preserve the emotion in the music. For example, the dissonant notes in the solo of &quot;Voices&quot; perfectly encapsulate the feeling of confusion expressed in the lyrics. In a lot of cases, solos present in songs because most people think they have to be. In a Dream Theater record, the solos serve as emotional peaks for the songs. The keyboards imbue the songs with an important sense of atmosphere. Just listen to the haunting &quot;Space-Dye Vest,&quot; a beautifully somber song anchored by a piano riff that, while quite simple, speaks to you in more ways than other songs in their entirety.<br />Some people care little about lyrics, but let me point out that Dream Theater writes great songs; they are loaded with metaphorical references and vivid imagery supporting a deep emotionally based theme. Sometimes a metal band can have brains.<br />To conclude simply, Awake is an incredible album by progressive metal's greatest band.
B0000048V8|5.0|Charlie Brown's Christmas tale and &quot;The Snowman&quot; are the two best animated holiday films I can think of - both so full of nostalgia and pathos and indelibly memorable music. But &quot;The Snowman's&quot; particular wonder lies in its marvelously inventive visual perspectives - so many nifty angles and soaring scenes. Without words, this little film delivers fine perspectives on emotion and imagination as well. Amongst all the pricey things you could buy as gifts (or for youself) this is a little bit of money well spent. I'd buy at least a couple of extras to give as gifts. Share it with everyone you can.
B00003CX8J|4.0|A great movie for people that love action movies! Has a enough of the comic book action to keep the X-Men fans watching, and a good enough plot and characters to keep the new to X-men watchers watching. The DVD is great becuase of the deletd scenes and interviews. After it you'll be hoping for sequels!
6303965415|5.0|As a Jane Austin fan both of her books and their film adaption, Persuasion is my favorite.  I never tire of watching it about once a month.  The acting is superb.  Those British have done it again.
0393317552|4.0|Diamond writes a very persuasive description of the societies that have caused the civilization of the world. His supporting data, if not in the references, is thin. But, still his theory is encouraging with regard to why we are here and where we are going. I hope he writes a sequel.
0380973839|5.0|I was originally inspired to read Bradbury's The Martian Chronicles mainly because of the critical acclaim and praise it has received; it isn't very often a science fiction novel is accepted and enjoyed so widely.  The most unsettling thing about this novel (or, this collection of short stories) is the fact that there are not any characters or events which Bradbury centers upon.  The first chapter, \\"Ylla,\\" grabs the readers attention very well, though I found myself a bit disappointed when the dynamique characters of that chapter did not return.  As a whole, however, the overall message and talent bound within the pages of The Martian Chronicles is too important to miss due to something as insignificant as characters.  The vast majority of novels out there contain central characters, and many of those very same novels are character-driven.  That said, The Martian Chronicles is completely plot-driven.  This makes the book not only extremely refreshing, but one need not go through the utter pain of seeing one's favorite character die, because it is very unlikely you would have a favorite character!<br />A word to the optimistic: this novel paints a pretty unhappy portrait of the future of mankind.  A pessimist myself, this was not at all disturbing to me, but quite realistic.  Bradbury predicts for Earth's future recurring atom wars, the rising of censorship, and the complete meltdown of society.  These themes are prevalent in his most popular novel, Fahrenheit 451.  These reasons are the motivations behind the humans' migrations to Mars.  Bradbury uses his novel as a conduit to warn us against \\"political correctness\\" and asks whether or not we have a control on weapons technology.<br />My personal favorite idiosyncracies of The Martian Chronicles were the chapters \\"Usher II,\\" \\"There Will Come Soft Rains,\\" and \\"The Green Morning.\\"  As is with most Bradbury works, the author tips his hat to his favorite authors with excerpts from poems, songs, and even the fabulous parallel to Edgar Allen Poe's The Cask of Amontillado in \\"Usher II.\\"  Bradbury's use of language and description of fantastic settings and creatures was impressive, to say the least.  The descriptions of the Martian race were so intricate and unique each time that one could certainly picture the fictitious peoples, as well as their \\"chemical baths\\" and \\"sand ships,\\" the levitating pirate ships with sails of blue mist.  The wonderful aspect of science fiction is the new and refreshing imagery introduced, and Bradbury used this to his advantage.<br />In a nutshell, The Martian Chronicles is not only though-provoking, but a real fun book to read.  The reading level is adequate for any student, and is neither slow or complicated in the beginning or abrupt at the end.  Any science fiction fan who enjoyed the messages behind the film The Matrix will thoroughly enjoy Bradbury's Chronicles.
B00004XONN|4.0|This album has something to say about the future of music.<br />It's only so often that a good band is able to claw it's way through the mainstream mindset long enough to grab our attention. Primal Scream barely did it earlier this year with Exterminator, and it seems Radiohead have certainly done it with Kid A.<br />The album isn't a collection of randomly written songs thrown together, I think it was actually written as a unit; as a single thought expressed in eleven parts. From the unsettling opener Everything in its Right Place, Radiohead lilt us forwards on an exploration of society's darkness. With anti-authoritarian overtones abound, we are taken into the frightening mind of Thom Yorke and shown the stifling he and the band feel.<br />If you like the idea of music that no-one's even come close to before, have a look at Kid A.<br />Standout tracks:- The National Anthem \ How to Disappear Completely \ Morning Bell<br />Albums with a similar feel:- Blur:13 \ Primal Scream:Exterminator
B00004Z4WQ|5.0|I would recomend this movie if you like the nasty, rauchy, ridiculous comedy.  It had me rolling on the floor at the movie theater and tears were coming out my eyes.  Please no children should see this one only 18 and up
0784011206|5.0|This is arguably Sly's greatest action movie to date.  Unlike most action films, this one has an excellent story intertwined with all the action.  This movie needs to be watched in widescreen format, in order to take in all it's glory!  It is a must have for Stallone fans.  Moreover, it easily tops the other Rambo movies(II &amp; III), because it doesn't have to rely on just action to be a great movie.  Get this one, you won't be sorry!
B000003N7G|5.0|This album is pure and raw Jazz. Every song demonstrates Coltrane's prowess on the sax. In one word this album is 'emotion.' Coltrane seems to poor his whole heart into this project. All the players are in peak performance mode and it shows as each take their turn demonstrating their talents. On the track titled &quot;Resolution&quot; McCoy Tyner struts his stuff on the piano, and Coltrane makes his sax literally cry.  I would consider this one of the greatest Jazz albums of all time.<br />Historically speaking, this was one of only two albums that Coltrane recorded all year in 1964. Coltrane's other album that year was titled &quot;Crescent.&quot; &quot;Love Supreme&quot; was awarded gold status by 1970 and I can see why, it is a great album.<br />The beginning of &quot;Pursuance/Part 4 - Psalm&quot; is a drum set that is wonderful and then Coltrane comes screaming into the song with a wonderful brassy sax sound. This is followed by Tyner who is all over the keys of the piano. This last track is pure and raw emotional jazz.<br />This album could hold a slot next to Miles Davis' work titled &quot;Kind of Blue.&quot;  The album is dedicated to God, whom Coltrane says in the inserts, is the &quot;Love Supreme.&quot; If you don't have this album then you are missing one of the greatest Jazz album's ever recorded. Get it and see why all the reviews below rave on about this masterpiece.
B000051VWW|5.0|words cannot appropriately describe the beauty of this cd.  i want a copy on vinyl fed intraveneously into my body 24 hours a day...
0385484518|5.0|A refreshing, enlightening experience!  During those Tuesday visits with Morrie, Mitch Albom becomes the beneficiary of a wealth of wisdom shared by his former sociology professor and life long friend.  From his deathbed, Morrie is able to reflect on his life's experiences with a clarity that only death can provide.  Morries' truths are revealed with such simplicity and sincerity that it's hard to believe we've forgotten them.  This story serves as a reminder to us all of the really important things in life.  Intellectually we understand that the material things of life will not sustain us; however so many of us find ourselves struggling through the daily quagmire of a culture that places too much emphasis on acquiring things, instead of inspiring people.  Morrie teaches us that love is truly the greatest inspiration.  Give it, receive it, but most importantly pass it on.  I am forever thankful to Morrie for passing on the truth and am grateful for an eternity to Mich Albom for recording it.
B000003TAL|5.0|Sonic Youth made creative albums prior to this release, but with Daydream Nation (and the nearly as good previous release, Sister) they achieve greatness.  Prior to Nation, Sonic Youth merged punk abrasiveness with avant song structures, influenced by proto-punks such as the Velvet Underground.  Though this often resulted in some interesting music, Sonic Youth was sometimes frustratingly inconsistent.  On Nation, Sonic Youth seamlessly merges their diverse influences into a focused, adventurous record.<br />As before, Sonic Youth's most obvious influence is the Velvet Underground; specifically, the album White Light/White Heat (for those unfamiliar, let's just say it's just as noisy as the title implies).  But while the noisy, often dissonant sounds of Nation recall that album, Daydream Nation is a much more sophisticated, detailed record.  The Velvet Underground employed relatively simple song structures.  On Daydream Nation, Sonic Youth applies the noisy aesthetic of the Velvets into sophisticated, loosely structured songs reminiscent of avant-experimental artists such as Can.  Often, the format is so unstructured that it seems the songs are controlling the musicians, resulting in an invigorating unpredictablity.  For instance, about half way into &quot;Silver Rocket&quot;, the song seems to be fading into oblivion, but then the loudness gradually returns and the song ends abrubtly.  Other songs achieve near jazz-like complexity.  &quot;Total Trash&quot; takes a sinuous path that Eric Dolphy would admire.  It's tempting to call Daydream Nation experimental, but this would be a mistake because Sonic Youth almost always sound self-assured and know exactly where they are going.  There are one or two seemingly pointless experiments (&quot;Providence&quot;), but even these are at least marginally entertaining.  Most of the lyrics are nearly or completely incomprehensible, but this isn't a detriment; the general idea and feeling are more important elements.<br />For allof their lofty, arty ambitions, Sonic Youth manage to infuse a sense of near-pop accessibility.  Daydream Nation is loaded with memorable choruses and infectious melodies (you'll be humming some in your head after the album has finished playing).  Even the 10 minute closer, &quot;Trilogy&quot; is compelling from start to finish.  This is what elevates Sonic Youth above their peers.  A few other alterative-rock artists employed atypical, often extended song-structures (Husker Du, Minutemen), but rarely reached the shimmering beauty of Daydream Nation (or did so at the cost of their more adventurous tendencies).  That Sonic Youth created beautiful, infinitely listenable music without sacrificing their artier impulses is nothing short of miraculous.    <br />Daydream Nation stands with (perhaps even above) the best post/art punk records of the 1980s.  Zen Arcade by Husker Du is perhaps the only comparable album.  While Zen Arcade is also a great record, it contains a fair amount of redundancy (both albums run about 70 minutes), and the production is more harsh.  Daydream Nation is one of the few double-albums in history with virtually no wasted energy.  Such consistency is difficult to achieve for 40 minutes, nearly impossible for 70.  Considering what Sonic Youth achieved, it's not surprising that Daydream Nation is widely regarded as their best album and one of the best of the 1980s.
078322799X|4.0|The Plot:In the small town of Fairwater, USA. There a evil awakened from the dead, an evil so powerful could destory a soul without being expecting. For Frank Bannister(Micheal J. Fox in his last lead role) thinks death is a great way to make a living. Since he can seen dead spirits after an horrible expierence, now he friends with some of the dead spirits. Frank is a con artist with the help spirits, making him some money with late night calls scaring the hell of people, living thier house. Until frank finds himself at the center of a dark and terrible mystery. A diabolical spirit is on a murderous rampage. Now frank crosses the ultimate battle between him and spirited serial killer. Before spirited evil destory more living innocence soul of Fairwater, USA. This film features excellent CGI effects. With an boasting score by Danny Elfman. An fuuny tribute to Stanley Kubrick`s Full Metal Jacket with R. Lee Ermey reprise his role.An scene stealing scenary-chewing role performance by Jeffery Combs. Executive Producer by Robert Zecemkis(Forrest Gump, What Lies Beneath). Entertainingly directed by Peter Jackson, who also co-written the film with Fran Walsh. Director Jackson is known for directing Heavenly Creatures and Gory black comedy:Dead Alive. All of his film are not for all tastes. Jackson now directing:The Lord of the Rings Trilogy for New Line Cinema. There a director`s cut on the special editon laserdisc version with an running commentary track by the director. The new version, now runs 122 mins than the theatrical version was at 110 mins. With an 4 Hours documentary on the making of the film! with More Deleted Scenes/Outtakes, Traliers or More. Fanatics of the film(Like me) hope Universal will put this on DVD Soon or Anchor Bay Entertainment will be fun, if there do this special edition on DVD. Still the theatrical version is an strong entertaining film. Grade:A-. Super 35.
0790730960|5.0|I wrote in my reviews for Batman Forever and Batman and Robin,that I liked those two films better than Batman Returns.I said that having seen those two films recently,and not having seen Batman Returns for several years.Well,I just watched Batman Returns,again.Wow!I'll admit I was very wrong on that one!I't's much better than the two Schumacher films(I'll admit I still like the two Schumacher Batmans,though)Batman Returns has a very exciting plot,and next to The Joker,the two best villains,Catwoman and The Penguin,played wonderfully by Michelle Pfeiffer(wow,she looks good as both Catwoman and Selina Kyle) and Danny DeVito.Actually in my opinion,though,the most diabolical person in the movie was Max Shreck,a greedy tycoon,played perfectly by Christopher Walken.Of course Michael Keaton is outstanding as Bruce Wayne/Batman,although he takes somewhat of a backseat to the villains.He's still the best Batman,although I thought Val Kilmer was very good,too.I thought the set design in this film was fantastic,the cinematography very good,and Danny Elfman's musical score was excellent,and much better than the Elliot Goldenthal scores for the Schumacher films.Overall,it's a great movie,and a fantastic sequal to the first Batman.
0140186395|4.0|This book is about two families--the Trasks and the Hamiltons- whose destinies will intertwine. The relationship between Adam/Charles, re-enact the rivalry of Cain and Abel, while Adam's marrige, the fall of Adam and Eve. The story takes place in the rich farmland of California's Salinas Valley. In the first generation, Charles and Adam were introduced, Cahrles as Cain and Adam as Abel. Though Adam was not killed by his brother Charles, he was beaten badly. Luckily, as both grew older, their relationship changed for the better. However, the rivalry amongst the two brothers was passed in Adam's twin sons, Cal as Cain and Aron as Abel..... Adam's marriage to Cathy was never he thought it would be. Like Eve, Cathy brought troubles in Adam's life. Cathy left her family and became a whore, in which led to her death. The only man that helped Adam get through his hardships in life was Samuel Hamilton, who became his dearest friend. I highly recommend this book because it's a powerful piece that deals with sibling rivalry as well as the loss of ones love.
B00003CXDG|1.0|I was disappointed. I love big action thriller movies. Unfortunately MI2 didn't deliver. The action scenes were too choreographed to a point that these scenes were cartoonish and MTV video-ish, which is the reasonon why I wasn't able to suspend my disbelief nor was I able to enjoy the movie. Example of it being cartoonish: The scene when Tom Cruise and the villain had a chest-collision.  That made the whole movie into a a lousy joke.  When I watch big thriller movies, I expect the experience to be like what I felt when I watch Terminator 1 and 2, a high-octane thriller with three-dimensional characters and unpredictable storyline. On the contrary, MI2's characters were so cookie-cutter, the plot elements so predictable. Even the love story there was so contrived and so corny. This was just a bad movie. This actually made me wonder what Tom Cruise was thinking. This movie is an insult to his target audience. I actually fell half-asleep while watching it.
B000001C6D|5.0|Before hearing &quot;Icon&quot; and reading bad reviews on Paradise Lost's older material (&quot;Gothic&quot; being the target of most of the slander), I chose to not give anything old of theirs a chance and stuck to &quot;One Second&quot; and &quot;Draconian Times,&quot; assuming those to be the best albums by this band.<br />I've never been so wrong in my life.<br />&quot;Icon,&quot; at first listen, didn't especially grab me in any way.  The catchiness of some of the simpler tracks on &quot;Draconian Times&quot; caught my attention more immediately at first, but there was something about &quot;Icon&quot; I couldn't quite figure out at first. Sometimes music does that though...the truly good stuff doesn't quite grow on the seasoned listener until a few thorough listens.  <br />But after about the 4th listen to this remarkable work of darkness, I was hooked.  &quot;Embers Fire&quot; is so deathly subtle yet so incredibly well-written it eluded me at first. The haunting cello intro will echo in your mind for days upon nights as you stare at your ceiling while lying in bed, and the melodies of the groove-laden guitars are sure to become immortal with true fans of metal.  The lyrics are dark, mostly concerning dishonesty, revenge, and hatred.  My personal favorite song on the album is probably &quot;Shallow Seasons,&quot; with Nick Holmes bellowing like a seriously angry demon: &quot;Anger compels the force of weakness or fear, but I promise no forgiveness for the rest of my years.&quot;  When you hear him roar this out, you probably won't doubt him.<br />This album is an absolute masterpiece. Since I 'discovered' it about 5 or 6 months ago, it's been in my car CD player for about 80% of the time I drive.  While &quot;Draconian Times&quot; and &quot;One Second&quot; are still very good albums, (I particularly like the experimental style on the latter, though some metalheads would probably burn me at the stake for saying that), &quot;Icon&quot; is just a landmark achievement in the world of dark music.  This is music for the depressed, for the sick, for the weak, for the strong, and for anyone who desires a musical experience they're not likely to forget.
0679879269|5.0|Okay, I take my title back.  I *would* like to point out the obvious to all of those people who only gave this book one star: Nobody's forcing you to read this!  If you read the Golden Compass, and you hated it, and you read the Subtle Knife, and you hated it, then WHY read the Amber Spyglass?  Aha - because although you people claim that it's heretical and propoganda - I would be willing to be that you're just as hooked as the rest of us are.  There you have it.  This book is so interesting that even people like this can't resist it.        <br />   How does he do it?  I would honestly like to know how Pullman thinks up these kinds of plots.  I mean daemons, dust, all of those dust-detecting instruments: WOW.  I felt like I was gazing at a masterpiece while I read this.  And I cried.  Can I tell you how uncommon it is for me to cry when I read a book?  Especially at the end (no spoilers).  Pullman revealed TOTALLY different sides of our favorite characters, I mean, whod'a thought that Mary Malone had been such a complex person?  Or that Mrs. Coulter maybe *was* on the &quot;good guy's side&quot;?  The gyptians, who I missed terribly from the first book, are brought back as well as the King of the Bears, whom I missed even more.  And I watched Will and Lyra inevitably fall in love, and cried, because I knew it wouldn't work, and yelled aloud &quot;Don't do it! You're just gonna get hurt!&quot;<br />   <br />   And as far as all that heresy crap goes, well, to every man his own, I guess, (which would, aHEM, include the author, for all of you who are gonna say that this &quot;did not help&quot; you.)  Read it and find out for yourself.
0679879269|5.0|First of all if you havent already read this book dont read my review i may give the ending away! This is the best series of books i have ever read. You must read the first two books before the Amber Spyglass. This was a great book full of adventure, and fantasy. The entire book kept me reading it constantly. The first two were the exact same way! The only sad thing was the fact that @ the end Lyra and Will fall in love but can never see each other again. THis is the most exciting book i have ever read yet the saddest. I would still recomend this to people who wouldnt be offended by it.
0679879269|5.0|Too often people criticicize a book because its views differ with their own, rather than rating it on its literary merits.  This is no exception.  While the critiques of religion may trouble some, they are presented in such a compelling manner that their literary value shouldn't be overlooked. The characters are given tremendous depth, as we learn how they think and act.  We are also introduced to some exciting new characters as those covered in previous books take a back seat. The conclusion of the trilogy is fabulous, and the lessons it teaches about the evolution of a person from child to adult are stunning in its insights, and timeless in its implications.
0679721037|3.0|John Hersey's Hiroshima is a very informative and eye-opening account of the dropping of first atomic bomb.  It shows how six peoples lives are affected by the bomb.  Hersey doesnt give his own opinions on whether or not the decision to drop the bomb was the right one; but clearly illustrates the atrocities caused by that decision. It gives insight as to what struggles the victims had to go through and the losses they faced.  I liked the realism of the novel but was, at some points, too graphic. I also liked how the author gave an update at the end to follow up with each character. The book was sort of difficult to follow at the beginning because there are so many different names. Just take your time and refer to the back cover to refresh your memory of who's who.  I hope you enjoy this book!
0684853523|5.0|The book, despite journeying off in biographical material often, never the less provides some excellent insights into the craft of writing.  I teach an undergraduate course in creative writing, and have already incorporated many of his thoughts and ideas.  The biographical section is a delight to those of us who are King fans, and the tightly written guide is one of the most concise and useful I have seen. Best of all, the example of a first draft and edited work is a gem, and shows how even the best writer can benefit from the application of some simple rules.  A must read.
0451169514|4.0|The story of Stephen King's IT is about an evil presencce and the kids who fought it off.  Years ago, a group of children discovered the existance of and fought off and evil creature that was preying on the children of a small town called Derry.  As children, dealing wth the IT seemed to be over but now as they grow they must return to derry with littke remembrance of their childhood.  The IT lures unsuspecting children near and can also take on the form of his victimes worst nightmares.  I really enjoyed reading this book.  Thgough I've read it several times I pick p on parts I had missed previously.  I enjoy reading Stephen King books because he goes into great detail and I reccomend this book for anyone who enjoys a thrilling and intense book.
6305558167|5.0|Astonishing adaptation or take on the Arthurian legend by director Boorman ! The only minor flaw (even for 1981) was to make certain visual aspects of the film look out of the &quot;norm&quot; for that time period. In fact some costumes and props looked too modern or futuristic. For example, the Round Table had a very modern-art deco 20th (21st?) century look to it. Some of the female costumes (while I'll admit were quite sexy)made Madonna's stage outfits look like Goodwill fashions. Also, the motley crue of soldiers the wicked Mordred enlisted resembled StarWars stormtroopers (only in black)with mangled headgear and armor.<br />Aside from this one little anomoly it is a true dvd collector's keepsake (at the price most retailers are selling this , it is a steal)! All actors and actresses,well, not much more can be said than what other previous satisfied reviewers have commented on. There's a multitude of awesome first rate acting abilities presented by Neeson, Byrne, and Stewart who were basic unknowns at the time.Helen Mirren's Morgana is simply wicked and cunning and Nicol Williamson's Merlin is mature,wise, intellectually gifted  yet still sees the world and people through a child's naive giddy sense of amazement and wonder ! He lives in the land of prose and therefore enjoys giving his students or enemies riddles that foretell things yet to come ! In any Arthurian legend captured on film King Arthur's admirable attributes lie in his intelligence and diplomacy where Sir Lancelot's are in his physical strength and good looks. Likewise, Boorman gives these two the same treatment for his version. I'll also give Boorman an A+ for making this a real adult version (I don't mean adult in the porno sense, but in the mature nature of the word &quot;adult&quot;).He was daring enough to show nudity,but in the right context in relation to the story.It was done in a very artistic manner (although I know friends of mine who argue and chuckle when they say that having Uther keep his armor on during the seduction of Igrayne was a bit hokey).The nude love scenes resembled painted works of art by some of the masters.<br />The other effects were limited but just as outstanding (quite admirable for a time when computer graphics were unheard of) ! The action, suspense, scenery,locations and sets well exceed any viewer's expectations...I know it did mine.
B00003CX5A|5.0|Tim Burton does it again.  His direction for this film was absolutely fantastic.  The deep, dark, rich colors really added some creepiness to this movie.  And to add Johnny Depp and Christina Ricci to the boat, it got even better.  The film is taken from the classic story of the headless horseman.  Depp plays Ichabod Crane, now a police officer that dabbles in a new kind of crime investigation.  He is called to the small town of Sleepy Hollow to investigate mysterious deaths where peoples heads were severed from their very bodies.  While investigating, Crane develops a love interest for a lovely townsperson (Ricci).  From there, Crane must decide if the Headless Horseman really does exist.  All the actors give great and believeable performances.  And it was really nice to see Christopher Walken as the Headless Horseman.  He might not have much dialouge but he pulls off the sword swinging, snarling killer better than anyone could.  This is defiantely a DVD to put into your collection.
B00000JGEF|4.0|The general situation in the film, i.e. fighting against South American rebels, is not very interesting. But it is a lot more fascinating to see how this action film works on many fears and creates an unevadable mesmerization and panic, even if we know the hero will succeed. The fears are, among others : the fear of the jungle, the fear of wild animals like scorpions, the fear of rebels and revolutionaries, the fear of the night, the fear of the alien, the extra-terrestrial monster, the fear of the ugly face of a predator from outer space, forgetting that the beautiful face of a human is also the face of a predator, and that is why the hero can succeed and destroy the alien. The suspense and the rhythm of the action is quick enough to create a real momentum and the ingenuity of the hero is always surprising and amazing. He destroys a perfect killing machine with sticks and logs, with a few pieces of wire and string, even if he also uses some better weapons to lure the monster into his trap. Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, Paris Universities II and IX.
B000000OS2|5.0|Let me begin saying I have never heard of Tesla until this album. Since hearing it, I made a point to listen to their more &quot;normal&quot; music, which I was not pleased with at all. With that, the point to be made about 5 MAN ACOUSTICAL JAM is:<br />This album is an instant classic, one that ANY music lover would want in their library. The musicianship and emotion in the music on this album is unprecedented as far as anything else I have heard. Listening to the album time and time again is a pleasure.<br />Two words to close this out:<br />Buy it.
6301442962|5.0|After It's A Wonderful Life, Miracle on 34th Street is probably the most popular of all the films shown around the Christmas season, and for good reason.  The story begins with the annual Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade in New York City.  An exasperated Doris Walker (Maureen O'Hara) is the young Macy's executive in charge of the details of organizing the parade.  When the man hired to play Santa Claus on one of the parade floats turns up stone drunk, a kindly bearded gentleman (Edmund Gwenn) fills in as Santa, saving the day.  Gwenn's performance in the parade is so authentic, that Macy's offers him a job as their department store Santa, to the delight of both children and adults.  There's only one problem, Gwenn thinks he really is Kris Kringle, i.e., Santa Claus!  This \\"dilemma\\" presents serious problems for Mrs. Walker and her associate, Mr. Shellhammer (Philip Tonge), who realize what an asset and public relations ambassador Kris is for Macy's, but fear he may act out his \\"latent maniacal tendencies\\" as predicted by  quack store psychologist Mr. Sawyer (Porter Hall).  The plot thickens when apartment neighbor Fred Gailey (John Payne) takes notice of Mrs. Walker and her young daughter Susan (Natalie Wood).  A promising young attorney, Payne tries to win over first daughter Wood, before charming his way into O'Hara's life.  Due to a seemingly bitter divorce when Wood was a baby, O'Hara has shut down emotionally.  She refuses to let her daughter believe in any fantasies of any kind, including the childhood belief in Santa Claus.  It is her belief that parents must always be truthful with their children so they won't grow up to believe in fairy tale happy endings only to be disappointed by reality, which is revealed to be her own life experience.  Payne on the other hand thinks that it's a good thing for children to fantasize while they are young and to believe in fairy tales and the like...even to believe in Santa Claus.  This major difference of opinion when it comes to raising children becomes a real conflict for the two.  One thing leads to another and before you know it, Kris Kringle is on trial for lunacy with Payne defending him as the one and only Santa Claus.  Even though this film was released in 1947, its theme of believing in something larger than ourselves still holds true.  O'Hara's role as a working single mom is even more in tune with today's reality than in 1947.  She comes off as a competent, intelligent woman who is doing the best she can to raise her young daughter.  A wonderfully enchanting movie with great performances from all the players, but the real star is Edmund Gwenn in his Academy Award winning role as Kris Kringle.  His kind and gentle performance could convince anyone that he really is Santa Claus.  A young Natalie Wood also shines as O'Hara's daughter and her scenes with Gwenn are natural and real.  Filled with many memorable scenes (including  the first glimpse of the great character actress Thelma Ritter) including my favorite:  Kris speaking Dutch to a young war orphan who doesn't speak English while her adoptive mother looks on in amazement.  In addition to the Oscar won by Gwenn, Miracle won two additional statues for Best Original Story (Valentine Davies) and Best Screenplay (George Seaton).  Miracle on 34th Street deserves its well-earned reputation as a Christmas classic.es to raising children becomes a real conflict for the two.  One thing leads to another and before you know it, Kris Kringle is on trial for lunacy with Payne defending him as the one and only Santa Claus.  Even though this film was released in 1947, its theme of believing in something larger than ourselves still holds true.  O'Hara's role as a working single mom is even more in tune with today's reality than in 1947.  She comes off as a competent, intelligent woman who is doing the best she can to raise her young daughter.  A wonderfully enchanting movie with great performances from all the players, but the real star is Edmund Gwenn in his Academy Award winning role as Kris Kringle.  His kind and gentle performance could convince anyone that he really is Santa Claus.  A young Natalie Wood also shines as O'Hara's daughter and her scenes with Gwenn are natural and real.  Filled with many memorable scenes (including  the first glimpse of the great character actress Thelma Ritter) including my favorite:  Kris speaking Dutch to a young war orphan who doesn't speak English while her adoptive mother looks on in amazement.  In addition to the Oscar won by Gwenn, Miracle won two additional statues for Best Original Story (Valentine Davies) and Best Screenplay (George Seaton).  Miracle on 34th Street deserves its well-earned reputation as a Christmas classic.
B00004U8H4|2.0|Christian Bale stars in this adaption of Bret Easton Ellis' story of the same name.  The main purpose of this movie was to tell the tale of a ruthless serial killer that looked like an average guy.  It takes place during the 80's and just as in the book, the movie focuses on greed.  Money is an object that means nothing but can get you everything that you desire.  Drugs, clubbing, eating expensive food, and keeping yourself looking good.  All of these are the items that mean everything to the main character.  What was disturbing about this film was the killing.  It was done with a satire feel, which in itself was interesting and original, but was odd and made you think twice about what you were watching.  Bale does a fabulous job with the role, playing a serial killer/business man to the &quot;T&quot;.  It was a good movie, you just have to keep an open  mind while watching it.
B0000048V8|5.0|I am a kindergarten teacher. I do not show movies in my classroom. Except &quot;The Snowman.&quot; It is truly an amazing movie. This film mesmerizes the children in my class. There are no words, only the most lovely music and pictures. I wanted my little friend to see the movie, so I brought it home. My husband sat down with him and fell in love with the movie. I am buying the movie for my husband and my grandchild to be for Christmas this year.  I hope you all have the chance to see and hear this movie, the music and the pictures will stay with you every day of your life. Enjoy!
B00004SCX6|5.0|Here is my favorite parody of Oops! I Did It Again. Please note, I am a very big Britney Spears fan and think she's incredible. I'm saying that the CD is da bomb, but I think this little ditty is awfully funny. Let me know what you think.<br />Ooops! I Sang This Before<br />Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah (repeat) I think I sang this before It worked well then Why not once more Oh baby It might seem like it's new  But all that means is  You don't have a clue Cause to use the very same song<br />Guarantees me a number one<br />Oh baby baby<br />CHORUS Ooops! I sang this before Baby one more time It's just a sequel Oh baby baby You might think I'm a star With a voice to go far I'm not that talented<br />You see your problem is this You're dreaming away Wishing that *NSYNC would give you a kiss I laugh counting my dough The new single will bring in much mo' But to use the very same song gaurantees me a number one Baby, oh<br />CHORUS<br />Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah<br />Voice: And, cut! Man: Britney before your career's over, there's something I want you to sing Britney: Oh this is wonderful, but wait a minute, isn't this Man: Yeah, yes it is Britney: But I thought I already sang this song on my first album Man: Well baby, it worked so well then, why not again? Britney: Aww, I shouldn't have<br />Oops I resang this song to you all now you Run out and buy the album Oops you(oops you)  think that I'm some kind of star  I'm not that talented.<br />Oops I sang this again You know my voice is like a deadly sin Oh baby baby you might think I can sing Now who's the one living in a dream I'm not that talented<br />CHORUS!<br />Now, buy it and see how much better it is than Baby.. One More Time, you'll be pleasantly surprised!
B00004T9UF|5.0|I love this cd! It is so great,all the songs rock.My favorite is &quot;kill you&quot;. He puts great effort into his music. It just ROCKS every one totally needs 2 buy this cd, its the best!
B0000524E5|3.0|There are no loud explosions or endless amounts of ammunition fire in the film.  This is unlike the majority of Bruckheimer's pictures.  However, instead of guns and violence we get drunk women dancing on top of a bar to some cool music.  The movie centers around the main character Violet, played by rising star Piper Perabo(Rocky and Bullwinkle).  She just movie to the &quot;Big Apple&quot; from a local small town and is desperate for work.  She is a struggling song writer dealing with issues about singing her work.  She needs money and is getting desperate.  Enter the bar Coyote Ugly.  From there on we watch a Cocktailish movie with stars like Tyra Banks, Maria Bello, and Melanie Lynskey call the shots.  Most would say that this is a chick flick and not worth a watch.  But watching these women give the orders, you can't help but enjoy yourself.
B000002G89|5.0|461 Ocean Boulevard was the first studio album Eric Clapton recorded after he kicked his heroin habit.  Unlike the tortured passion of Layla, the album finds Mr. Clapton still not completely satisfied, but with a more positive outlook.  The album opens with a blistering take on the traditional song &quot;Motherless Children&quot; follow-up by the compassionate &quot;Give Me Strength&quot;.  His remake of the Johnny Otis classic &quot;Willie &amp; The Hand-Jive&quot; is loose and fun.  On &quot;Get Ready&quot;, he duets with his backup singer Yvonne Elliman (pre Saturday Night Fever) on a simmering, bluesy number that has call and response vocals backed by a driving guitar riff.  He practically introduced Bob Marley to the white rock audience with his percolating take on Marley's &quot;I Shot The Sheriff&quot;.  By combining the song's reggae roots with rock, Mr. Clapton made a memorable song that became his first and only number one hit.  Ms. Elliman backup vocals provide the backbone for the sweet &quot;Let It Grow&quot;.  The album closes with the burning &quot;Mainline Florida&quot; in which Mr. Clapton lets it all hang out.  461 Ocean Boulevard was his first number album and re-established Eric Clapton as a musical force.
0446608955|5.0|As soon as I started to read this book I couldn't put it down. I thought it was the most touching book I've ever read. It is a great love story of two teenagers who have to go threw more than the average teenage couple has to deal with. The ending is sad, but touching. Anyone would love this book.
6305609691|2.0|This movie does show man's descent to madness. It drives you mad and leaves you wondering &quot;what the hell was that?&quot;. In terms of sheer madness and weirdness, I guess it conveys it well. But beyond that it's empty! Dark and ridiculous like Dracula, another Coppola flick.
B00002Z88D|5.0|I guess you could say that I was a closet Metalica fan until this came out.  I can't say enough about it.  I give crdit to the guys for trying something new and it worked.  The orchestra sounds to be really enjoying themselves and realy liking what they are playing.  I guess if I had to pick a favorite it would be  &quot;Nothing Else Matters&quot;<br />For any true metal fan this is a must and for those who aren't it may just change your minds.
B000002GJH|5.0|Temple Of The Dog was formed by Chris Cornell &amp; Matt Cameron of Soundgarden and former Mother Love Bone &amp; future Pearl Jam members Stone Gossard &amp; Jeff Ament to record a tribute to the late lead singer of Mother Love Bone, Andrew Wood.  Future Pearl Jam lead singer Eddie Vedder contributed some vocals to the project, but its driving force is Mr. Cornell.  The songs have an introspective feel as the band members deal with the loss of their friend.  The songs deal with the hereafter like the 11-minute elegy of &quot;Reach Down&quot;, &quot;Say Hello 2 Heaven&quot;, &quot;Your Savior&quot; and &quot;Wooden Jesus&quot;.  Mr. Cornell pours his heart and soul into the project and his vocal performance is tortured and beautiful.  He has never sounded better than he does here.  &quot;Hunger Strike&quot; is one of the best songs from the 90's and ranks up there with anything to come out of the Seattle grunge scene.  Mr. Cornell &amp; Mr. Vedder voices practically meld into one another and the band is tight.  After this album was recorded in 1990 it sat around without receiving much attention.  Then after Nirvana hit the big time and Seattle was the center of the musical universe, the album belated made the top ten in 1992.  The album is a touching tribute to their lost friend and the powerful music that came from the loss will help keep Mr. Wood's spirit alive.
B00004Z459|5.0|After I heard this CD I had to buy it and it hasn't left my CD player since. This band's great, their music's an awesome blend of alternative, industrial rock. Every track is good and would recommend id it you're into bands like MDFMK, Orgy, Gravity Kills, or check them out if you like these guys.
B0000021RD|4.0|Chicago has always had the ability to make solid, entertaining music.  They aren't going to make any major musical statements or blow you away, but they make well crafted pop songs that are spiked with jazz influences.  Chicago II is one of their best efforts.  &quot;Colour My World&quot; is a sweet ballad with a beautiful, lilting melody and on the other side &quot;25 or 6 to 4&quot; is a rocker with a buzzing guitar.  The most impressive part of the album is the musical suite from &quot;Make Me Smile&quot; to &quot;Now More Than Ever&quot; (which was side two of disc one on the original album).  Songs slide into one another and the playing is effortless.  The band combined the above two songs for a single release that hit the top ten as did &quot;25 or 6 to 4&quot;. Chicago had a run in the 70's of five consecutive number one albums, but II which is arguably their best album, only managed to reach number four.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|This album is awesome!  Every track is great.  This is a must have for any music lover.  Anyone who can even compare the Beatles to the Backstreet Boys needs to have their hearing checked....  The Beatles wrote their own songs, played their own instruments, and impeccably produced songs at a time when the sound recording equipment and capability was 1/100th of a percent of what it is today. &quot;Penny Lane&quot; vs. &quot;I Want it That Way?&quot;  It's not even a contest.  In 30 years, I doubt anyone will remember the Backstreet Boys.  The Beatles are timeless, just like Beethoven, Bach and Mozart.  This album is excellent, and I would recommend it to anyone who is a collector of great music.
B00004Z4WR|1.0|Like the title says it`s like the game gta.There are bunch of people stealing cars killing each other and so on.The DVD quality of the film is brilliant but the movie as itself is kind of strange `cos it has the most idiotic end I have ever seen.They jump around,they allmost got themselfs killed steel 49 cars and at the end they kill the boss and then surrender the whole 49.5 (the last does nothing look like a car) cars to the police.Boring.I rated it 4 stars only because it has finest DVD quality and for nothing else.
B000002OYB|3.0|After Bat Out of Hell 2: Back into hell was released I saw Meat Loaf in concert. It was the climax of my love affair with Meat and Jim Steinman's music.  I was extremely satisfied. What more could this man do? Well, basically what goes up must come down. This album is a small slip in Meat's career. The biggest mistake is that Jim Steinman's influence is not on this album very much. Now, I love many songs by Diane Warren. I though that he collaboration with Meat Loaf was going to be great. Well, I was wrong.  It's like he's trying to hard to make an album like the Bat albums without Jim writing the whole thing. There are some good songs on them but they just aren't as complex and passionate as the Bat out of Hell albums. I'm lucky that my husband was a radio DJ at the time this album came out because he gave it to me for free as a promotion from Meat's record company. I would have felt jipped if I had bought it.
B000050IMG|4.0|This was such a funny movie!!  If you like movies that make fun of other movies then this is the right one for you!  You have to buy it!!!
B0000025BL|5.0|I just love Meat Loaf and I can listen to this CD over and over again! I LOVE all of the passion that goes into Meat Loaf's music it's amazing. It's the perfect blend of theatrics and good old fashioned Rock.
B0000203YT|4.0|I really enjoyed the video, for it describes Shakespeare as a human being, who sometimes falls in slumps and falls in love, not as a great artist. It shows us clearly how his works were influenced by political circumstances in which theatres put in the age. But I don't like that the Queen works as a &quot;deus ex machina&quot; in the end. I think it makes the story cheap.
B000002OMN|5.0|I was introduced to Meat Loaf's music when I was 13, WAAAY back in 1987. I thought that he was great and it was a shame he never relased another album, he and Jim Steinman had so much talent. I also thought he was some one who would never be heard from again.  WELL, when Bat out of Hell 2 came out I didn't think it could get any better than Bat out of Hell, but it did. Compared to BOOH, BOOH2 is much more grown up and emotional. I don't know what it is about Meat Loaf, he is just amazing. The passion behind every word he sings and every note and word that Jim Steinman writes is so amazing. Musically, Meat and Jim are truly a match made in heaven, or should I say Hell? This is thier best work.
B00003CXFV|5.0|This is a classic.  Julia roberts at her best performance.  May be an oscar in the wings for her finally.<br />Movies like erin brokovich does a lot of good to the society and should be encouraged.  Knowing it was a true story it was all the more interesting.  Made it doubly special being a hard core julia roberts fan.<br />keep my fingers crossed,  for her oscars.
B00004U30D|5.0|'American Beauty' did for film what Nirvana did for music.  It gave a big old shot in the arm, and made the art form interesting.<br />Kevin Spacey is pure genious in this movie.  I am not one of those that moons over him, but I must give credit where credit is due.  You felt his moments, true and powerful, through each facet of this film.<br />The rest of the cast plays their respective roles with comparable passion and skill.  Annette Benning is magnificent, just when the time comes that you want to shake the daylights out of her to wake her up, she does, and with great aplomb.<br />Wes Bentley is a tasty addition, and performs as the misunderstood new kid perfectly.  And he is *so* very pretty to look at.<br />Sam Mendes received many accolades for crafting such a gorgeous, disturbing, colorful, and passionate movie.  Here, added to the pile, is mine.  A must-see, unless you are under 16.....this is definitely for a more mature audience.
B000008DA5|5.0|There are only two words I can think of to describe &quot;Smiley Smile&quot;: Magnificently bizarre. The album is definitely quirky at times (especially the drug-influenced giddiness of &quot;She's Goin Bald&quot;, &quot;Little Pad&quot; and &quot;Woody Woodpecker Symphony&quot;) but infinitely rewarding, especially after repeated listens. The melodies are gorgeous and the harmonies heavenly. The bonus tracks, especially the Good Vibrations outtakes are a fascinating insight into the recording process that almost resulted in &quot;Smile&quot;.
6303433766|4.0|This is one of the strangest bonds between two people put on the big screen I have ever seen.  However, this film is beautifully acted, with amazing settings and a terrific script.  You are drawn into their world, and really understand their love for one another.<br />Just a warning to the general public - If you are looking for the painted-up 'Titanic' version of Kate Winslet, go elsewhere.  This is a film where her actual talent shows, not her cleavage.
6302453356|5.0|Hook is an imaganantive movie for the whole family. The costumes and scenery in this movie are incredable! Robin Williams plays Peter Banning, an adlut Peter Pan that can't remember anything about Neverland until his kids, Jack and Maggie are stolen. Dustin Hoffman plays the evil Captin Hook. Julia Roberts play the fariy, Tinkerbelle. Steven Spielberg did himself a job well done!
B00003ZA0T|5.0|I own the CD Slipknot and it is the best CD I have ever heard. There music has a wicked awesome beat and you really get into it. I never used to listen to this music but the first time I heard them I loved them and it changed me I guess. They are the new rulers I guess you could say. They are totally straight with there music and don't hold nothin back. There awsome it was definitly the best CD I have ever bought or heard.
0385484518|5.0|This is a wonderful book!!  My bookclub read it and everyone gave it rave reviews.  It's a must read!! If you're looking for a good quick read, look no further.  WARNING: You may want to have a box of tissues on hand.
6305014140|5.0|I bought this on a whim, have seen it 4 times, and it keeps getting better.  My wife, who hates most things anime and sci-fi, was blown away by it.  Her first words: &quot;This isn't for kids&quot;.  Indeed it's not.  The plot is a variation on the 'one lone man' of (say) Eastwood's spaghetti westerns, but the entire feel is Japanese.  I won't summarize the plot (others have done that better).  What I will say is that this movie will stick with you for both the story and the emotions long after the latest popcorn flick has vanished from your mind.  Highly recommended (and I don't say that often.)
B0000507R0|5.0|Whilst I agree with our friend in Las Vegas, that the classification of this item as a DVD is somewhat confusing, I think the problem is confusion of what DVD-Audio really is!<br />There is video, but ironically, it is not accessilbe from a DVD-Video Player, rather you require a DVD-Audio player.<br />The irony is that the DVD-V player can access the Audio tracks, but not the Video, as the Video track is not in the conventional DVD-V format.  A DVD-Audio player is required to see the Video!<br />I do not have a DVD-A player, but enjoyed the 5.1 mix of this classic album to the full!<br />My dog, who was in the room at the time, did not enjoy it quite as much!  The precise and realistic placement of moog whistles flying around my sound room was too much for him and he kept turning to locate the source of the sounds! He far prefers plain stereo!<br />The bass on &quot;Still.... You Turn Me On&quot; has always been impressive (I have 2 CD versions [original and remaster]) but with the DD5.1 mix, it is more controlled and actually less overpowering.<br />I hope to add an Active Sub soon, but in the interim, directing bass at my LF, RF, LS and RS [all B&amp;W 602 series 2]  seems to be more than sufficient to create a real rumble.<br />Karn Evil 9 is just brilliant!<br />For comparison with a more traditional interpretation of Toccata (and Fugue in D Minor), get the Fantasia DVD:<br />.................../exec/obidos/ASIN/B00003CX9W/<br />but Keith Emerson's work is still superb.<br />Yes, I'd like to see the video too, but plan to wait and see if DVD-A as a format actually takes off before comitting to more equipment!
B00000JPH6|5.0|Easily the best Jim Henson film ever , puppeteers , engineers , construction workers , and disigners along with directing genious of Jim Henson and Frank Oz come together  to bring one of the best and cherished fantasy films ever  made it is as imaginative , dark , beautiful , and scale  is epic a 5 year production on this beloved film from Jim  Henson's archive it will be the one film that will herald his name for generations to come.In a world once beautiful but now dying because 1000 years ago the crystal craked  and forever shatterd the world into darkness the worlds  power lies in the Dark Crystal wich belongs in the hands  of the Seskis who harness it's power and energy to extend life a dying race living in a dying world ruled by a dying  crystal.<br />   All that is but left of a peace loving race called  Gelfling is young Jen the last hope for the world he  is taken in by a peacful race called Mystics who are  somehow joined in some way by the Seskis one of the  Mystics tells him about the quest that lies ahead of  him , about how he must find a crystal shard and in  time find out what he must do with the shard and to  seek out a creature named Ogra.Throug his quest he  will find another young female Gelfling named Kira together they continue there quest to join the shard with the crystal , but to do so they must face great dangers that lie ahead and the Seskis soldiers   ,  garthem the ending of the film is so fantastic and  hartwarming that it bring a jaw dropping sense of  just how much they did put in this film.<br />   With a worth while hour long documentary on this  fantastic film and the making of it you can see the  painstaking task of bringing this epic film to life it has trailers and production notes and an isolated music score of Trevor Jones sweeping and incredibly awsome score hearlded by critics around the world  the Dark Crystal has stood the test of time now ,  capture this truly epic and awsome movie on DVD  forever for your entire familyto enjoy.
B00003CXA6|5.0|Many other reviewers have written about the movie Gettysburg itself, so I thought I would comment on the DVD itself.<br />I have an extensive DVD collection, and if you have experienced what I have, among them are the great quality transfers and some real dogs.  Gettysburg might well be THE finest transfer I've seen.  The video (I play it on a widescreen HDTV) and audio are outstanding.  I must emphasize that the video delivers unbelievable clarity, perhaps the best I've seen. Clearly, the careful attention to detail and loving recreations that were the foundation for the original movie have been carried to the DVD with that same committment.  It is refreshing to see a studio that REALLY cares about its product.<br />As an aside, I should also mention I am an amateur Civil War historian focused on the battle of Gettysburg and of course find the film an outstanding, albeit limited, short history of the battle.  This DVD will expand other people's knowledge if they avail themselves of the feature length commentary, especially the portions by James McPherson from Princeton U.  His narrative not only amplifies details of what the movie shows, but also puts a broader perspective on it, such as other important engagements at Gettysburg such as Culp's Hill, the Wheatfield, and others.<br />Bottom line:  GET THIS DVD.
6301442962|4.0|i have seen this movie so many times. it one of those you never get tired of. even though the flim was made in the 40s it does not feel dated any.
0399134204|4.0|This book is about an Asian-American family and their traditional background which takes place in China and in America with two different generations.  For a long time, members of the older generation in the Joy Luck Club have met up to play mah jong and talk about their past.  Each one of them have a sad side to their story.  The older generation women all came to America from China.  Now, it's their daughters turn to take their mom's place.  All the younger generation women all end up like their mom because all of their husband didn't treat them right.  It was so interesting that it kept me wanting to read more till I'm done with it.  I really enjoyed reading the book.  However, if you find it confusing, you would properly want to watch the movie.  This book is full of drama.  I would highly recommend it to those people who wants to know and learn more about the Asian-American culture.
B0000542D1|4.0|I am big fan of the beatles. since i am 22 years old and  olbvisoly wasnt around when it came out. i recenlty saw the realese in theartes. i thought it was a great flim. it very funny. trust me if you have seen it ever get ready to laugh.In some parts you feel sympatehic for the beatles because they can not go anywhere with out getting mobbed. it a great movie all the way thru. i wil buy my own copy soon.
0399134204|4.0|This book is about an Asian-American family and their traditional background which takes place in China and in America with two different generations.  For a long time, members of the older generation in the Joy Luck Club have met up to play mah jong and talk about their past.  Each one of them have a sad side to their story.  The older generation women all came to America from China.  Now, it's their daughters turn to take their mom's place.  All the younger generation women all end up like their mom because all of their husband didn't treat them right.  It was so interesting that it kept me wanting to read more till I'm done with it.  I really enjoyed reading the book.  However, if you find it confusing, you would properly want to watch the movie.  This book is full of drama.  I would highly recommend it to those people who wants to know and learn more about the Asian-American culture.
0679879269|5.0|This book brings to an end a rich and strange fantasy trilogy.  The books tackle huge themes:  the nature of consciousness, the Fall, the relationship between body and soul, and the conflict between what Pullman calls the Kingdom of Heaven and the Republic of Heaven.<br />It's interesting to think about this trilogy in comparison with C S Lewis's \\"Narnia\\" chronicles.  Like Lewis, Pullman writes out of total immersion in the Western literary tradition.  His obvious influences are Blake, Milton and the Book of Genesis:  but there are also traces of Homer (e.g. the fight between Iorek and Iofur in the first book of the trilogy reads like a clash of two Homeric heroes).  At a less exalted level, I suspect that Kingsley Amis's \\"The Alteration\\" contributed something to Pullman's picture of an alternative Oxford.  But in Tolkien's words a book like this is written &quot;out of the leaf-mould of the mind&quot;, and if one can discern the shape of one or two of the leaves that doesn't in any sense devalue the originality of the work.<br />Both the Narnia Chronicles and Pullman's trilogy are imaginative responses to the Christian tradition.  The difference between Pullman and Lewis is that Lewis's reading of the Bible is that of orthodox Christianity, whereas Pullman's reading derives from Blake and from Gnosticism.  In Pullman's version of events, the God of the Old Testament is not the creator of the Universe, but is a lesser figure (like a very powerful angel), and also a tyrant; the serpent in Eden is an embodiment of wisdom, not a malevolent force; and Eve is a heroine, whose choice of experience over innocence is the very thing that makes us human.  The Church is seen in unremittingly bleak terms:  Pullman's Church is a synthesis of the worst bits of medieval and Counter-Reformation Catholicism with the worst bits of Calvinism.<br />Is the book anti-Christian? It's certainly anti-Church, and in a sense also anti-God.  But the most curious omission in the book is that Pullman (unlike Blake and unlike the Gnostics) appears at first sight to have nothing at all to say about Jesus (either directly or allegorically).  Yet at the same time, although his heroine Lyra is presented as a new Eve, she also has Christ-like characteristics:  a child whose destiny is to save the world, threatened by cosmic forces, and capable of sacrificing herself for love (even at the cost of a descent into hell).  Pullman would certainly endorse St Paul's view (on this point if on no other) that the greatest love is to lay down one's life for one's friend.  In short, the book embodies what are usually regarded as Christian values, but it then uses those very values to attack both the Church and the God who is portrayed in the Old Testament.<br />Should you read the book?  If you are interested in speculative fiction or in theology, then yes.  Like C S Lewis, Pullman is the sort of author who can be a gateway into the Western literary tradition.  Like Lewis also, he needs to be read consciously.  Agnostic parents who give their children the Narnia books should be aware that these books are brilliant Christian propaganda.  And Christian parents who give their children Pullman's trilogy should be aware that it 's brilliant Gnostic propaganda.  <br />In short the comparison with Narnia is apt (despite, or perhaps because, of the fact that Pullman has gone on record about how much he hates the Narnia books).  In both cases readers may get considerably more than they bargained for!
B00004XONN|4.0|This is the first Radiohead album I've owned, and it was purchased for entirely non-hype reasons, so I like to think I have an unbiased view of this record. What strikes me so strongly about this album is how patient it is, in pacing and in tone. The songs, while mainly dark in tone, are largely gentle and atmospheric. They speak quietly and require both patience and persistence from the listener. Only on a couple tracks are there heavy guitars and big beats, and Thom Yorke's plaintive vocals are intermittent; those looking for something immediately familiar best look elsewhere.<br />The best analogue I can think of to this record is Steve Kilbey's wonderful 1987 album Earthed--an engrossing, dramatic sonic journey through many moods which combined electronic and analog sounds. Kid A blends electronic beats; blooming, plummy organ tones; and touches of edgy guitar to set rich, dreamy moods.<br />If you're looking for all-out guitar noise, Pink Floyd, or the Radiohead you're familiar with, you must leave those expectations at the door when you put on this record. It's lush, lively, and will take you places--if you allow it.
B000025RAU|5.0|This is probably either the best or of of the best movies since World War Two. The plot was beautifully portrayed through the brilliant direction of Roman Polanski and there's couldn't be anyone who could act out the part of Jake Gittes batter than Jack Nicholson. This movie should've won Best Picture at the Oscars but was robbed by The Godfather Part II.
B00003CXE7|5.0|One of the best movies I've seen.  Pre-odered the DVD the same day it was out.  My parents even liked it which says a lot.
0446608955|5.0|A Walk To Remember is a captivating book.  The story is set in a rural South Carolina town  in the late 1950's.  The main character is a senior in high school, he doesn't want to take an Algebra class and the only class left is Drama, so as fate would have it he ended up in the Drama class.  In the time that he is in Drama class he becomes closer to the &quot;class nerd&quot;, Jamie Sullivan.  Jamie is a sweet innocent character who carries her bible around everywhere she goes.  No one knows why she carries it, they consider her a nerd for doing so but after she and Langdon get closer he finds out that it was her mothers.    Jamie's dad is the preacher at the church that most of the people in town attend and one year he wrote a play for the seniors to perform and now every year the school selects people who audition to play the parts and they put it on for the town.  Langdon wasn't planning on even auditioning but Jamie asks him and he feels like he'd feel so guilty if he didn't do it so he got the lead boy part.  Jamie is the girl lead and they play opposite each other.  Jamie and Langdon start spending time together to practice for the play and they become good friends.  Then the night of the play they get in a little fight (their first fight) and it's awkward for them.  There's one line in the play that Langdon has never said with the right emotion and he was afraid he was going to mess up, the line was &quot;You are so beautiful!&quot;  he never said it right because he never truly meant it but the night of the play when Jamie walked onto the stage he heard the audience gasps and when he turns around and says the line he really means it.    Langdon and Jamie fall in love just like most story book romances but there is one big obstacle in the future.  A secret that Jamie and her father have kept from the whole town.  This is a secret that alters more than just one life but the lives of most of the town of Beufort, this secret touched everyone who knew Jamie.  When Langdon finds out his life is never the same.  I would tell you the rest but I'd ruin the book.  This was a major tear-jerker and I cried from about the middle to the end.
B00004TJJZ|5.0|I never went to see this movie at the theatre because I thought it was another stupid comedy. My friend bought it and we saw it at her house. I really enjoyed it, I went and bought my own. I love tommy Lee jones, he's always portraying the serious, macho type of character. Will Smith is an awesome young cop with tons of energy. The theme of the movie is good and the movie has enough action to keep you in front of the tube. Great family movie.
B000051ZST|3.0|Tears pages from a ton of different movies successes, but it is still pretty funny.<br />The movie's concept is a definite rip - a movie I just saw about a week ago documents the same thing - a guy sends his college girlfriend the infamous 'sex tape' and then tries to get to her to get the tape back. The movie starred Paul Rudd and Reese Witherspoon and was called &quot;Overnight Delivery.&quot;<br />This movie's unique quality would be the diversity of its actors - it seems to be a much more diverse casting than the 'teen dream' castings of American Pie (which featured some of the most attractive teens in America 'stuck' as virgins) and She's All That (which pinned Rachael Leigh Cook as the 'ugly girl' - are you kidding????). This movie features an 'ugly guy' who - apologies to DJ Qualls - is actually not that attractive. The movie also seems to try and capitalize on Tom Green's popularity - it almost seems like they expanded his part, or even added his part, due to his growing popularity due to his hilarious MTV show. Breckin Meyer was great as Josh and Seann William Scott continues playing the jerk/jock role very well. Andy Dick is absolutely hilarious as well as very unrecognizable, hotel clerk.<br />The script isn't that creative, but it does have some highs, but with the highs come some lows. There were some parts that dragged - Green's character Barry telling the story - although essential to the story, seemed a bit more than necessary. The movie was quick - less than an hour and 20 minutes - but it worked in most parts, but the ending could have been expanded at the end. I don't want to spoil the ending, but if you watch the film, you'll notice that everything seems to change in the blink of an eye.<br />There was great deal of nudity - which surprised me - and I've heard Amy Smart was not very well briefed for the extent of her nudity. But she said that later she understood and it worked with the role.<br />Overall, it was definitely a better teen movie than the past few months have seen (Whatever It Takes) - but still didn't have that classic element that American Pie truly grasped.han the past few months have seen (Whatever It Takes) - but still didn't have that classic element that American Pie truly grasped.
0812589041|4.0|Well this was my first time reading a book by Scott Card and to be honest I really did not want to read it, but I had to because it was for a class but as I read the book I became involved because I too like computer games and I thought that the book did a great job at making me realize that the only person capable of saving humanity is a young third boy named Ender Wiggin. Ender was a boy who was very smart and was admitted to military combat school to become a master at computer gaming and to fight against the &quot;Buggers&quot;, Ender becomes a master and he was able to be flawless and become victorious and save the Planet Earth. When it comes to computer games Ender's your man.
B00003CXFG|4.0|Gotta admit I wasn't looking forward to this one. My buddy suggested it, and I went along for the ride - and what a ride it is!<br />The acting is so-so - but this film is not built on acting. Vin Diesel, however, is perfect as Riddick and the rest of the cast works well together at least.<br />The script is also average - certainly interesting, but not overly intelligent.<br />What got me about this film, was the cinematography - just an excellent picture in that aspect. As far as I was concerned, this is what made the movie. The bright lights, the planet, the crash, were all incredible shots, and superbly put together.<br />Give it a shot - even if this isn't your sort of flick. It's pretty darn good.
B00000IAU3|5.0|DIDO IS AWESOME I LOVE &quot;HERE WITH ME&quot;.  I loved the song stan and I found out she is the one that song in the back ground now everytime I hear this song I just like blast it I love her voice and she is just awesome
B00004YA66|4.0|Voices travelling across time, murder mystery, father and son reunions, aurora borealous....if you are willing to forgive the cheese that comes with this ham radio, you'll have yourself a fine time.<br />Frequency isn't the most original thing I have ever seen - it uses a variety of pretty average themes, but pulls them altogether in an interesting way that makes the movie much less predictable and even exciting<br />Though the father-son meeting across the time barrier is not the newest idea (but still a pretty cool one), the usage of these two characters to solve murders of the past so that they can find the murderer in the present to stop him in the past (I know it sounds kind of confusing, but it is extremely well communicated throughout the story) is interesting and suspenseful. And the story moves nicely throughout the movie, with few dull spots. However, when dealing with the heart-tugging subject of a father and son who meet under extraordinary circumstance, you have to expect some sappy and cheesy moments. The less sentimental will laugh at the corniness, but the scenes are undoubtedly moving for all around me I could hear the sniffles of grown men and women alike.<br />Dennis Quaid and James Caviezel are adorable together as the father and son crime solvers that tug on your heart strings, evoking compassion from the audience even in their weaker moments. The supporting cast is one to be commended, for they are full of flavor and humanity and deliver some choice lines. All together, a strong cast that livens up and adds character to a potentially tired story.<br />While this is not the most original movie to come out this year, it is still a good watch. There is enough drama to keep you emotionally invovled, and enough suspense to make me frightened when I walked home at night.....But I'll warn you that if you have an aversion to pure sentimental cheese, leave before the Garth Brooks song starts and the credits begin to role.
B0000009SE|5.0|Big band arrangements all over the place, mostly instrumental, and mostly the band that stars, not much guitar magic (due to his slow recovering from the Rainbow Theatre incident, probably). Very good.
B00003CXDG|4.0|Where Mission Impossible 1 was much smarter, Mission 2 is much more of a gun toting, feet flying, jumping, kicking, punching, stabbing, heck-of-a-fun-movie. But, John Woo is the true star here. Tom Cruise is not an action star. He's not. Even in the clip from the trailer, where Cruise does a roundabout kick, and on the way up, his cheeks trailing the rest of his face, Tom looks out of place. But John Woo actually makes him look good.<br />The acting isn't that great. Ving Rhames is great, reprising his role as Luther. His entrance to the movie picks up the pace and the entertainment. Newcomer Thandie Newton, playing Nyah, Cruise and Scott's love interest in the film, works well. She's absolutely beautiful, with the looks of Catherine Zeta-Jones. She also is very believable at points. But Cruise is very disappointing - his smile looks more like a &quot;I'm going to be making 50-80 mil&quot; instead of a real smile. In many areas, he didn't seem to put in any effort at all, and then at times overacted for the film. The guy has come of Magnolia and Eyes Wide Shut, two acting-based films, and to make the switch to action is tough.<br />But in the end, who cares? It's John Woo - who is truly a genius. His movies never fail to entertain, and guess what? Mission: Impossible 2 delivers. If you're a fan of the intellectual spurring of the first film, with twists at every turn, and vice versa, this film won't be your favorite. But if you like a good shoot-em-up flick, this is right up your alley.
B00004WG2F|5.0|1. Special edition has a 4.5 picture instead of a 5, but still great.<br />2. More Audio and many more subtitle options in the special.<br />3. Special has commentary from Zwick, Pitt, Toll Kilvert, theatrical trailers, 3 deleted scenes with commentary, EPK featurette, isolated score, and a talent file. The regular DVD probably only has the talent file, although none of these extras are listed with the regular release.
B00004Z4WR|3.0|This is a remake of a classic from the 70s, so in order to fully gage the effectiveness of this film, I'd need to take a look at the first.<br />Nicolas Cage is past his prime. Angelina and Giovanni are just hitting theirs. Robert Duvall is a great character actor, Delroy Lindo is effective as the detective. But in general, these actors seem to fall into traditional roles. Nicolas Cage is the same pained character he's played in every film since Face/Off (the exception being City of Angels, where he strayed a bit). Angelina was sexy, exciting, and mysterious, as she is in every film. The pairing of her and Cage had as much chemistry as I saw with Billy Bob and her pairing in Pushing Tin (course, we all see where that 'lack of passion' led... so don't take my word for it). Giovanni seems to put the most into this film, straying enough to make a point.<br />But, this is a Bruckheimer film (The Rock), so who really needs acting? The car chases are spectacular, and the action is brilliant. The comedy comes from the two African-American members of the 'team.'<br />Overall, the film just isn't that special. Nothing stands out, and a cast that features a couple of Oscar winners should fair differently.<br />I'm a big fan of car chases, Angelina Jolie and Nicolas Cage and if you are too then it's go if not rent it and have fun for a couple of hours.
0441172717|5.0|In my opinion, this is one of the best books I have ever read. I can't say it is the best in the series though because I have not read them all. The plot has so many twists that is sometimes hard to follow, but it has an interesting course. They followed no basic formula in this book. It is one of a kind.      There is very little missing in this book. It has deceit, magic, prophecy. romance, and adventure. what else could you want. It is a book for everyone.      The difforence in the charecters in this book is amaising. You have everyone from witchs to warriors. The auther also carries the points of veiw of all the charecters. That is a great strength.      The only thing I did not like in this book, was the ending. It seemed unfinished to me. But that left room for the sequels.
B00003CXE7|5.0|This is one of the better movies you'll see all year. Acting, story, direction - all come together equally. Not a 'best actor' movie, not a 'best screenplay' movie, not a 'best director' movie, but a 'best picture' movie.<br />Joaquin and Russell work amazingly well. It is hard to distinguish a better performance between them. They are two actors at the top of their game. It is amazing to me the transition Russell Crowe made from his last role (in the Insider) to the role of Maximus in this film. Richard Harris is brilliant as Marcus Aurelius, and Djimon Hounsou is incredible as Juba, one of Maximus' allies in the gladiator ring.<br />The special effects are unnoticable, which is the highest compliment a special effect can receive.<br />The script, although somewhat predictable, also had some tricks up its sleeve. The pairing of Commodus and Maximus in the final bout was unexpected, yet perfect.<br />The battle scene, and some of the bout scenes, seemed to tear a page out of Spielberg's Saving Private Ryan, as the cinemtography, and general feeling reminded me of the first battle in Saving Private Ryan. However, it worked well with this film also.<br />The bottom line here is that this is a superb picture - it riles and stirs your emotion, and demands your attention. It is truly a triumph.
B00000I9MK|4.0|Beautiful, a little melancholy, very very good.  The comparisons of B&amp;S to the legendary Nick Drake no doubt flow largely from this album.  Tigermilk is very introsepctive if you take it as some sort of biography.  Even if you take it more as a fictional peice, this is an awesome record.  The first two songs are especially good (The State I Am In &amp; Expectations).<br />So if you're wondering what the fuss is about, this would be the place to start.  It's the first B&amp;S record I picked up, and Ive become a huge fan.  They may not be the most dynamic sounding band you'll find, but their melodies are lovely and they have a knack for writing songs that can bring out the shoe-gazer in all of us.
B00003CXFV|5.0|She get's 20 million dollars a picture. Does she deserve it? Yep. This movie is great.<br />Julia was superb in the movie - no question about it. She's always great - but this isn't the sweet role she usually plays. I think I heard someone compare her performance to Sally Field in Norma Rae, and I'd second that. She, as Field often does, nails the hard, rough exterior that holds back a tender, caring inside. Roberts is truly excellent in this movie - funny, quick, strong... just brilliant. Albert Finney is excellent as her 'sidekick' in this one - watching them together is truly a joy. You can see in their eyes they're enjoying their jobs, and I swear there were a few times when I caught Finney laughing, almost shocked about Roberts' performance. Regardless, it was an incredible duo. This kind of age difference is hard to accomplish, (see Catherine Zeta-Jones and Sean Connery in Entrapment) - but this one works well.<br />The script is also great - although there are many points when you can feel the fact the writers were trying to squeeze too much in. But - it does it well. John Travolta starred in A Civil Action, a very similar movie, but one which I was ready to leave after a half an hour - Brockovich, despite running about the same time, seems to go by much quicker.<br />Overall - you gotta see this movie. Julia Roberts stakes her claim as the (2nd) Best Actress in Hollywood. (sorry julia - i'm still giving best to Angelina Jolie :)
630027120X|5.0|It is hard to watch this movie and not be moved in some way. Two great actors at their best, De Niro and Irons. Historically informative. Stunning scenery and outstanding soundtrack. This film has the best scene of forgiveness I have ever seen (when De Niro is confronted on the moutain.) The final scenes are breathtaking. The movie raises the question of whether Christians should turn the other cheek or not, when confronted with violence and patent injustice. No simple solution is offered. A brilliant film.
0393312836|4.0|This book is not an easy book to read, it's use of a futurist slang and vividly descriptions of violence makes it hard going in places.  <br />Don't be fooled, however, into thinking that this book is violent for shock value only.  Hidden within the richness of the language and violent images there is a deep and hard hitting message in which Burgess tells us that the possession of free will is ultimately more important than what we use it to accomplish.<br />The book is a modern classic and which everyone must read.  It may be harrowing and disturbing but it is ultimately rewarding.
0679879269|5.0|I think this is the best book I have ever read aside from first two in this seires.  I think the whole seires is the best books ever written.  I really enjoyed them all.  I think The Amber Spyglass did a wonderful job in tieing up all the lose ends.  I am a mildly religous person and this book didn't bother me at all.  So of the things in that book really make you think I finnished this book about a week ago and once in a while I sitll think about it and sonme of the lessons learned.  I am really sorry for all of you didn't enjoy this book for religous reasons or because nothing went the way you wanted.  I think it deals with religon fine and the endin was perfect.  It points out the biggest fact of life.  Which is:&quot;Life is not Fair.&quot; Please read this book it is one of the best.  You must read The Gloden Compass and The Stuble Knife before this one to understand it though.
B00004RIV4|2.0|It's a pity how some musicians, once becoming successful, completely abandon the sound that brought them success.  Such is the case with moloko's newest offering THINGS TO MAKE AND DO.With the exception of the artwork, typically wacky song titles and the bonus remix track of Sing It Back, moloko fall short of delivering the goods.<br />Gone are the electop-pop simplicity of songs like Boo or Sing It Back; gone are the exsistential rantings of songs like Dr. Zee or Lotus Eaters.  The synths, samples and drum loops are all but abandoned in place of a live band sound.  The only constant is the seductive chantuese vocals of Roisin.<br />It's Nothing is the only stand out track, a sad little ballad with Roisin's gorgeous vocals echoing back and forth from speaker to speaker accompanied by mellow tapping of drumsticks.  It's Not My Problem is a short but cute little number with wildly distorted vocals.  The Time Is Now is another ballad that sounds as if it was lifted right from a Donna Summer album.  If You Have A Cross To Bear. . . is the closest thing to the wacky tracks of moloko's earlier releases.<br />This, by far, is not a bad CD.  It's fairly good and if it was moloko's first release would be even better.  But if you're expecting the psycho-babble electro-groove get-up-and-boogie dance tracks of TIGHT SWEATER or DOCTOR you will be disappointed as I was.  Moloko is evolving, as all musicians should, but in the process die-hard fans of their earlier sound are being alienated.  Not even a scrap of electro-groove is offered up here.<br />If you're an old fan, this is a must have simply for Roisin's vocals.  If you're new fan then I would suggest trying TIGHT SWEATER for it's psychedelic trip-hop or  DOCTOR for it's electro-funk.  This release gets two stars for Roisin Murphy's vocals, the only saving grace on this CD.
6305603847|5.0|Soy un fan de Pink Floyd y en especial de The Wall.Creo que es una de las realizaciones mas grandiosas en cuanto a musicales se refiere. Hace unos pocos dias me gane un DVD Player para ser utilizado solo con discos para zona 4 (latinoamerica). Quisiera saber si ahora o en un futuro estara disponible el DVD de The Wall para reproductores zona 4. Seria grandioso que se pudiera conseguir, pues solo entre mis amigos hay varios que les gustaria adquirirlo. Si estoy hablando solo de mis amigos cercanos, que se podria decir de todo latinoamerica?. Creo que seriamos millones los clientes potenciales.  Les agradeceria que pudieran dar una respuesta a esta inquietud. My best regards.
B00004X01U|4.0|Madonna has produced another hit album and it shows that the queen of pop is going to retain her throne for a long time to come.  Featuring the number one single Music and the fantastic current single Tell Me which is my personal favourite, Madonna shows that she has managed to progress with the times without losing her own personal touch.
B00003CXA6|4.0|I purchased this out of curiousity. I knew a little bit of history about the American Civil War, but not much. This is much more enjoyable than reading a book on the subject. My first thoughts are that I'm very surprised at how brutal the fighting was at this point in history. Its quite astonishing that so many lives were lost in just one battle. Overall I thought it was very good. There are some slow parts in the movie which take away from it, and some cheesy acting from some of the extras, but other than that I really liked it. Also included are some interesting suplimental addons which gave some more insight into the making of the film.
B000026WE4|4.0|After securing a clean sweep (no pun intended) of the Oscars for Best Actress, Best Special Effects, Best Musical Score, and best Song (Chim chim Cher-ee), this 1964 production needs no introduction.<br />Based by a series of books by P.L. Travers (1934), Mary Poppins, the nanny played by Julie Andrews, arrives to inject a sense of fun and social responsibility into two stifled children in a regimented British household. <br />The soundtrack captures Andrew's exuberence and the talented cast of songwriters involved in the film. From the jaunty &quot;supercalifragilisticexpeeledocious&quot;, to the dark yet cherry &quot;chim chim cher-ee&quot;, and the hauntingly beautiful &quot;feed the birds&quot;, this collection is a must have for those wanting to relive the era of the hollywood musical. <br />Unfortunately, something is lost when the songs from the musical are heard outside of the context of the movie. If you already don't have the movie in DVD or VHS, consider purchasing that as well. With the cost of the import, I'd recommend geting the movie instead.
B00003CXA6|5.0|I've always liked this film, but a few years ago someone bought me the Director's cut (VHS) and the added scenes were a welcome addition.  When is the Director's cut coming out on DVD?  I know that Glory will be released as a 'Director's cut' in January, and I will be sure to get it when it's available. <br />This DVD has some neat features, including a complete narration of the entire film by historians should you choose that option.<br />One of the scenes in the Gettysburg Director's cut is the meeting  that Lee had with his Corps commanders, interesting conversation between him and Gen Ewell.<br />Great film! Glad that it's on DVD!<br />Dan Sweeney
0451191153|5.0|&quot;Man's ego is the fountainhead of all progress&quot;...  the quote from which the title comes from.  The Fountainhead is such an incredible example of what man (and woman) should strive to become.  It is the ultimate &quot;anti-compromise&quot; novel ever written.  The theme is simple.  All of human progress is the result of someone using their abilities to go against the established way of doing things and create something new and better for all to enjoy.  The book is not meant to be an accurate description of life as we know it, but rather an example of the type of people that create the future and those who act to stop progress.  As with all of Rand's work, this book is a series of &quot;what if&quot; scenarios that play out in a melodramatic manner to make a point about both sides of human nature.  I have read it four times now and everytime I open its pages, I am inspired to become the best person that I can be.  I recommened it to anyone who wants to better themselves.<br />For those who claim the book is not realistic or not truthful... There is a famous saying that all truths go through three stages, first they are scoffed at, second they are violently rejected and third they are accepted as if they has always been true.  (Copernicus and his heliocentric model experienced these stages in attempting to change the status quo...)  Ayn Rand's work is experiencing stage two right now, but in time i think it will be understood and not seem so threatening as it does to some today.
B000002HK4|4.0|The 7 part epic 'A Change of Seasons' is powerful to say the least. Some critics reviewed it as one of the defintive pieces of progressive art metal of all time, and I would have to agree on that statement. The album was released to simply tide over their fans until there next major release or concept.  Besides the epic 'ACOS' the album also provides sucessful cover tunes from Pink Floyd, Deep Purple, Genesis, Kansas, Led Zeppelin, Elton John, Journey, and the Dixie Dregs.  To bad there wen't cover tunes  recorded on King Crimson or Frank Zappa, the band is definitly a fan of both and they seem capable of recreating their sound no matter how difficult to play or how incredibly complex the arrangements  are. The album 'Awake' from Dream Theater was dedicated to Frank Zappa in tribute to his death from prostate cancer in 1993.   Another complaint, why didn't DT do an earlier Genesis tune? The 70's was certainly a more furtile time for creativtily with Gabriel at the helm.   Not really complates but some of us would have much rather have heard King Crimson's &quot;Easy Money&quot; than Elton John's &quot;Love Lies Bleeding&quot; for example, or Genesis's &quot;Firth of a Fifth&quot; with Pete than Phil's &quot;Turn it on Again&quot; oh well maybe sometime is the future...
B00003CX95|4.0|Mel Gibson's &quot;Braveheart&quot; is an action epic full of bloody spectacle and occasional romance.  Gibson directs and stars as William Wallace, a Scottish farmer who opposes his English king with hearty speeches and plenty of swordplay.  Epic in length, around three hours, &quot;Braveheart&quot; has plenty of violence to satisfy Gibson's Lethal Weapon fans.
0884271536|5.0|This book lays out the basic techniques that you need to improve your performance in projects.   Goldratt shows you how to attack the simplest to most complex problems in managing projects.<br />The only problem is now coming in on-time and on-budget will not be enough!!!
0440219078|4.0|As a book of fiction The Giver is great.  I find that because it shows you to be careful what you wish for. In The Giver the characters can't see any color or are unable to hear music.  They have no freedom of choice in their world.  All because some one made a wish and it came true.  The part that effected me the most is reading about Jonas because he was the receiver of everyone's memories.  He ends up receiving all their pain, but at the same time he also receives their beautiful memories at the same time. At the time the character Jonas is twelve years old so he's pretty young. In the end the decision that Jonas makes is important about himself but to find out about that you have to read the book.  I think that if it left me feeling what if this really happened in our world, I think that you would wonder to.
B00004Y7SF|3.0|Well, the girl CAN sing but this was a disappointment to her debut album. She takes off on her own too much and seems to think she is a diva. I am a huge fan of hers, but this CD wasn't exactly worth the money. It has a few good songs on it, but nothing earth shattering--I thought she could do much much better.
B000002OX7|5.0|Who's Next is not just one of my top ten favorite LP/CDs, it's my absolute number one. In my opinion, there's not another rock album that is its equal. That's saying a lot, because bands like the Beatles and Stones have recorded some really outstanding LPs. But Who's Next is superb. Just give it a listen. I still remember the first time I heard it -- it just blew me away. I kept playing it over and over, end to end. There is confidence and maturity here, along with instrumental virtuosity, great vocals and intelligent lyrics. The sheer power and magnificence of the music are awesome.<br />Every song on this LP is excellent. Songs like &quot;Bargain&quot;, &quot;The Song Is Over&quot;, &quot;Gettin' In Tune&quot;, and &quot;Goin' Mobile&quot; are great in their own right, but their fame is overshadowed by the three drop-dead classics that bookended the original LP. &quot;Baba O'Reilly&quot; opens the set and &quot;Won't Get Fooled Again&quot; ends it. Both are rock anthems, driven by brilliant staccato synthesizers, dynamic druming and bass, and magnificent, crashing guitar chords. &quot;Baba O'Reilly&quot; concludes with with an accelerating violin piece that is both unique and effective. The finale of &quot;Won't Get Fooled Again&quot; is worthy of a Tchaikovsky overture and ringing power guiar chords inform the entire piece. And there is &quot;Behind Blue Eyes&quot;, which immediately precedes &quot;Won't Get Fooled Again&quot;. A quiet accoustic guitar and vocal that morphs into a driving electric riff under a snarling vocal plea by Daltry make this a classic song, too.<br />Pete Townsend always seems to need a story or theme to inspire his best songwriting. Witness &quot;Tommy&quot; and &quot;Quadrophenia&quot;. For &quot;Who's Next&quot; he had Lifehouse. This story was intended to be made into a movie, but that never came off. Editted down, though, the music written for Lifehouse stands on its own as his best work.<br />The Who have been called &quot;the thinking man's rock band&quot;. This is an intelligent and powerful recording. Get the CD, put it in your player and turn up the volume. I think you'll agree, this is great music.ing man's rock band&quot;. This is an intelligent and powerful recording. Get the CD, put it in your player and turn up the volume. I think you'll agree, this is great music.
B00004XONN|5.0|Radiohead's fourth album, Kid A, marks the band's largest stylistic departure to date. Gone are the three-guitar rave-ups and stop-start changes of albums past. Instead we're treated a wide array of computer-manipulated voices, random noise bursts, glacial keyboard textures, and some really [angry] sounding horns. All these elements were hinted at on Ok Computer, but only on Kid A do they become a prime focus of the music. There are no easy melodies to be found here, yet the songs have a way of getting in your head and in short time become compulsive listening. While the lyrics are of a stream-of-conscience nature, there nevertheless is a conceptual feel to the record. Emotions lying in servitude to technology, Thom Yorke trying to be 'Optimistic,' and the cold, harsh reality of having 'Everything in its right place.' Kid A lends credence to the often-clich term 'Orwellian.' This is the best album to come out this year and perhaps the band's finest offering to date. By using the technology available to them and giving the finger to convention, Radiohead has thrown down the gauntlet and taking the first bold step to lift music from the post-millenial mire in which it currently dwells.
B000001IQH|5.0|&quot;And out come the Wolves&quot; is one of the most powerful albums of all time. It possesses raw energy and positivity, each song carries a message to take to heart.  &quot;Maxwell Murder&quot; opens up the album..or should I say kick starts the album. It has a furious bass solo and a relentless beat to it.  &quot;Roots Radicals&quot; is a classic punk rock anthem with the classic lyric &quot;Give em the boot, the roots radicals...give em the boot, ya know Im a radical&quot; and the infectuous first single &quot;Time Bomb&quot; which accidently caught on in the mainstream. <br />&quot;And Out come the Wolves&quot; accomplished so much with so little that Madonna attempted to sign Rancid onto her label...but staying true to themselves, they opted to stay with Epitaph. This made them heroes within the punk community.  But enough about useless facts..the album speaks louder than that.<br />It covers topics ranging from homeless/socialist issues in &quot;As Wicked&quot; and racial barriers as found in &quot;Avenues and Alleyways&quot; which has the positive message &quot;Hes a different colour, but we're the same kid...ill treat him like my brother and he will treat me like his&quot; or the powerful &quot;The inner cities screaming black and blue..the power and the passion of a million youth&quot;<br />With 19 songs, there is almost too much material.  Rancid is an intelligent group with open minds..something lacking nowadays in music. They dare to experiment at times, and it always turns out great.  One listen to &quot;And Out come the Wolves&quot; (punk fan or not) will inspire you to think for yourself.  Anyone who seriously claims they are musically informed should own this album.  It is THAT good.
B00000AD94|5.0|When I first heard this cd, I did not like it at all. I could not get past the obnoxious cursing section in the song &quot;The Water&quot;. However, after repeated listenings, this cd is a classic! The first track &quot;The Light&quot; is one of their best songs. It is a 15 minute epic with recurring themes and a great build-up to a classic ending. &quot;Go The Way You Go&quot; is a fabulous track, with great harmonies and several different main themes. The aforementioned track &quot;The Water&quot; is actually a sensational song, despite the middle section. It contains among other things, a gospel singer and orchestral instruments, giving the song a fuller sound than most prog songs. The last song &quot;On The Edge&quot; sounds like a Yes-parady, with a bass line that sounds like it is straight out of 70's Yes. It is probably the least best track, but it still a keeper. This cd also contains a 5th track, which is a live excerpt of &quot;The Doorway&quot;, which is on the follow-up album &quot;Beware Of Darkness&quot;. When it is all said and done, this cd is awesome and is a must buy for any rock fan who likes a little prog and a little bit of weird stuff!
B0000004V2|5.0|What more can be said about this self titled review?  This album is absolutely perfect from the beginning to the end.  There is absolutely no filler and each song can stand on its own.<br />The album opens heroically with &quot;I Wanna Be Adored&quot; and only hints at what is to come.  &quot;She Bangs the Drums&quot; is pure bliss from start to finish, not to mention the infectuous &quot;Waterfall&quot; with a guitar riff that would put AC/DC to shame. Theres the psychedelic &quot;Don't Stop&quot; which slowly crawls from out of your speakers, not to mention &quot;This is the One&quot; which is a great sing along.<br />More importantly than the songs themselves is the feel of the entire album as a whole. Its the perfect sound to uplift your spirits.  Reni's drumming is fast paced and very danceable, not to mention John Squire's guitar work, which is most prominent and worthy of praise on &quot;I am the Resurrection&quot;, in which he goes on a 5 minute tangent of guitar trickery and effects. <br />The self titled stands out on its own because of its fresh melodic approach and is worth investing in because its very catchy, yet it doesnt repeat itself.  <br />Simply put: it was released in 1989, yet its still as fresh and relevent today as it was then.  This album will never get old and tired.
B00004XOWM|1.0|Fred Durst has sunk to a new low. Unless you're a 13 year old who thinks breaking your curfew is cool and hate your parents for not buying you a Playstation 2, then you most likely won't want to buy this cd. Millionaire playboy Fred whines about his life like a four year old who just broke his little red fire truck, while the drums are only satisfactory at best and the guitar riffs are ready made for the MTV set. Recommended only if you are a thug wanna be.
B000002C2E|4.0|I got this album the week it came out in the stores. I have been a Dylan fan for years and eagerly awaited this release, way before the Grammy hype propelled its sales. If you are thinking &quot;Man, I really love Mr. Tambourine Man, maybe I should pick up this much-lauded album&quot; Don't. While it is certainly possible to enjoy this album without prior Dylan experience, I really don't think the casual listener is going to find much here. Like those guys that pan &quot;Highlands&quot; below. That is an absolute masterpiece, the most engaging long-form narrative Dylan has done since &quot;Lily, Rosemary and the Jack of Hearts.&quot; This album combines the death-filled seriousness of the &quot;The Times They Are A Changin'&quot; album with the increasingly personal lyrics of his early 70's material and buries it in a death shroud of decades of wear and change. If that sounds depressing, it is. If you want happy Dylan, get &quot;Another Side,&quot; because this is dark, bleak stuff. But it also great stuff. Dylan hasn't sounded this powerful in years, nor has his writing been so sharp. Unlike much of the last 20 years there isn't a weak track on this album. If you like Dylan when he's dark, you'll love this. If you like the Nashville Skyline Dylan, you're going to be bored and tuened off by this album. It is the most Grammy worthy album in 15 years.
0812589041|4.0|The book was excellent.  It started slow but once it got going it was great.  I usually have a tough time getting into a book, but once I started I couldn't put it down.  It showed a lot about the human race.  It showed us our love, our consideration, and of course our stupidity.  It also shows us about what exactly is inside of us.  Something that everyone knows is there, but no one wants to talk about it.  It shows us how ruthless the human race can be.  What other form of life would put their young through what the human race puts their children through.  It showed us how young and how old children can be.  The book was about raising a child to be a killer at the age of 11.  But at the age of 11 most kids don't have a worry in the world.  Kids are supposed to have fun playing with other kids.  Not playing games that the object is to kill the other team.  One thing that did stand out I the book was love.  The love that Ender had for Valentine, and also the love that Val had for Ender.  Just as you think that Ender is turning into a killer the love Val showed him helped Ender show himself that he is just another kid.  And just when you think that Ender only has hat for the buggers he shows that love again.  He shows us hot to forgive and forget.  One thing is for sure in this book, the human race might be smart enough to invent all kinds of hi-tech stuff, but when it comes to raising children, the human race is still lost in the dark.
B000053V7Q|5.0|THIS FILM IS MUST FOR ANYONE WHO LIKES MUSIC!<br />THE KING IS IN AWSOME FORM AS HE DELIVERS SOME OF THE BEST PERFORMANCES OF ALL TIME.
B000001ESP|5.0|Yes, this the best known Rush album, the one that broke them into superstardom.  But &quot;Moving Pictures&quot; also gave a preview of where Rock and Roll was heading.  With Geddy's voice kicked down an octave (along with the overall blazing jam per song ratio), Rush was set to pull in a whole new generation of listeners.<br />The catchiness of &quot;Tom Sawyer&quot; is undeniable, but the real gems on this album are &quot;Red Barchetta,&quot; &quot;Camera Eye&quot; and &quot;Vital Signs.&quot;  TS will get you a nod from anyone that grew up in the 80's, but &quot;Barchetta&quot; is storytelling at its best, a masterful mating of potent music and photographic lyrics.  &quot;Limelight&quot; is an almost perfectly structured pop song, but &quot;Camera Eye&quot; delves into their art rock past to generate a vivid movie of two cities.  &quot;Vital Signs,&quot; one of the strongest radio tunes they've ever produced, seems fueled by pure emotion, and is a preview trailer for their next album, &quot;Signals.&quot;<br />Like most Rush albums, &quot;Moving Pictures&quot; invokes the mood of the times it was written in.  In its duality of pop sensibility and affirmation of the band's roots in 70's stadium prog-rock, MP gave a preview of the direction for rock and roll in the 80's.
0804106304|3.0|The joyluck club is about the generations that four Chinese grandmothers would like to share with their daughters.  It tells about the hardships each individual goes through in China when migrating to America and the sacrifices that had to encounter so that their daughters wouldn't hae to live as hard a life they did.  Although each one of theirs daughters take their new lives for granted without realizing the hardships that the grandparents had to go through.  Overall this book made me think of my own mom who migrated from japan.   If her life was a shard as these particular charaters.  I can see how I take things for advantage in my life to.  I didn't like reading it although the book is greatly written it just didn't interet me as other books have.
B000001ESJ|5.0|It's as if Rush came up with the name of this album before they began writing the songs.  Though bathed in the afterglow of the explosive might and success of &quot;2112,&quot; &quot;A Farewell to Kings&quot; stands among Rush's acheivements with a regal dignity unlike any of their other albums.<br />The legend goes that Rush had been issued an ultimatum by the record company, 'produce a commercial hit or be dropped.'  The trio chose instead to take a chance and produced a concept album that thundered their definace and sold many units.<br />So here on AFTK is Rush vindicated, a band enjoying its victory over the Machine which attempted to quell its creative powers in the name of Commerce.  The title track touts this victory, opening the album on a powerful, positive note.  Lifeson shreds frets.  &quot;Xanadu&quot; then proves that Rush deserved to survive, matching Coleridge's &quot;Kubla Kahn&quot; with an art rock 12-string-bass-drum fest.  Simply amazing.  While &quot;Closer to the Heart&quot; is the radio track known by all, &quot;Cinderella Man&quot; is one of their most clever tunes, a clean blend of heavy and soft.  &quot;Madrigal&quot; is one of their prettiest, while the final track, &quot;Cygnus X-1&quot; is a mini-concept piece, playing like a movie soundtrack with a climactic ending.  This concept piece is carried over to &quot;Hemispheres,&quot; their next album, becoming much more of an art rock piece, but enjoyable nevertheless.<br />Definitely one of the Rush albums in which we see all three of these amazing Canadians jamming with equal fervor.
0780631684|4.0|Hi, I thought this was a great movie with an interesting storyline. I am also dying to find out what the song is that is playing during the memorial scene where the statue is unveiled. If you can help me with this, please e-mail me at EricaSummerell@verycoolmail.com Thanks!
6304702205|5.0|Stars awarded after five views.<br />I became a fan of Yanni from listening to Toronto, ON CHUM-FM &quot;Lights out&quot; show and really got interested when PBS played the &quot;Live at the Acropolis&quot; concert.  I bought the VHS tape and enjoyed it many times.<br />&quot;Tribute&quot; was different and I didn't tape it when shown on PBS but after viewing the tape a couple of more times, it grows on you.  As mentioned elsewhere here, &quot;Nightingale&quot; is not to be missed and some pieces are similar to the &quot;Acropolis&quot; selection.  <br />The new instruments and use of vocal as instrument (no words in some of the vocal pieces) is a new facit of Yanni's work and is appreciated after repeated viewing.<br />His new CD, &quot;If I could tell you&quot;, released in 2000 is more like his earlier work and another &quot;love it from the first listen&quot; selection.
B000050XEI|4.0|At first listen, this album sounds pretty much just like the albums that have come before it, only, because it's all so familiar, one might feel cheated that there is really nothing new.  Every song on it instantly reminds me of a similar song on a previous CD.  And yet, even though I felt that way, I put it on constant repeat for about three days after I brought it home.  Enya has abandoned a lot of her synthesized experiments and here is relying on simple chording and her own voice, ably enhanced by production technique.  The result, as always, is restful but not boring.  The melodies sound familiar to anyone accustomed to her style, but they will not let you go, and they are new.
0446608955|5.0|This is the best book I've ever read!  It tells the story of a boy that falls in love w/ a girl that doesn't exactly hang out w/ his crowd.  If you even remotly like love stories, you will love this one!! Read it!! It's worth it!!
6305949972|5.0|The NightMare Before Christmas! My very favourite film. So what is it that makes the movie so incredible? Well first and foremost, it's visual beauty! This movie was filmed using a technique called stop animation - a technique that requires immense eye for detail and painstaking skill. The animators on this movie went all out to make sure this technique was used to it's full capacity - and the result is - perfect animation!! Such exsquisite attention to detail and some beautiful sets and angles make for many stunning shots as well. Secondly - it's story! That of the inhabitants of Hallowe'en Town deciding to take over Christmas for a year. The only problem is - THEIR idea of expressing love and spreading joy is frightening someone into a stroke - to their way of thinking giving out presents and decorating things with color is just weird, so Christmas is suitably warped to suit their esoteric tastes!!The result is ghoulishly funny, providing you like that kind of humour. =D  Thirdly - the characters. An ecclectic collection of freaks, ghouls, witches, devil and skeletons each perfectly content within their little lives. One of the best things about NBC is the pure innocence of these characters and they warp Christmas - they truly believe they are improving the holiday - for what better way to show someone you care than by slipping a scorpion into their shoe? They have total faith in themselves and in their leader - the indomitable Jack Skellington. One of the things I love most about Jack is his refusal to give up - even when he realises he has ruined Christmas, he doesn't let it get him down - he just picks himself back up and tries to correct his mistakes.The ever sweet Sally - a rag doll who is stitched up at the joint and can stitch and unstitch herself back up - is a bizarrely gentle heroine. She of all the characters in Halloween Town has an idea that affection can be expressed in other ways than presenting your beloved with a severed head.She is also intelligent - she knows it is wrong for Jack to take over Christmas - and brave. Oogy Boogy Man, a swinging-jazz bad guy, Lock, Shock and Barrel and the Harlequin Demon are among my other favourite characters.I guess the characters follow what I call &quot;The Addams Family Syndrome&quot;. That family adores one another and their friends and family, and will do anything for them, but at the same time they are, by society's standards, very bizaare. They do what most consider to be weird, and even at times, cruel things to each other - but they think they are doing the right thing. They have eternal faith in themselves and are bound by very strong feelings.It never occurs to them they might be evil.And they're not - they don't betray anyone, they don't corrupt anyone and they try to set a good example for their children, and everyone is welcome in their home. The characters of Halloween are very similar to that. <br />Finally,the music! Written by the brilliant Danny Elfman (who seems at his best when he teams with Tim Burton, who conceieved and produced this flick) the songs are witty,playful and very memorable.Some have a definite touch of the macabre,(Kidnap the Sandy Claws) some are intensely sweet (Sally's Song), some have definite malice to them (Oogy Boogy's Song) and some express the wonderment and general good nature of the inhabitants of Halloween Town (Making Christmas,Jack's Obsession, What's This?). All are cool! =D <br />NBC is just generally fantastic film for people of all ages! Whether you appreciate it's cinematic beauty,the story it tells or just everything in general, it's well worth the look!
B00004ZAV3|4.0|I have always loved the Beatles music. From the time I got my first Beatles album (Meet the Beatles) as a gift when I was 7 years old I really enjoyed their harmonies and style. This collection covers a wide range of styles, albums, and formats. It's a great start to being reunited with the music of one the most influential groups of all time.<br />Starting with some of their earlier work we get a basic road map of the evolution of the Beatles music. Early &quot;pop&quot; songs such as &quot;Love Me Do&quot; &amp; &quot;From Me to You&quot; show how well the music and harmonies blend. As the music begins to progress to some of their later songs (Penny Lane, Eleanor Rigby, Get Back, and Let It Be to name a few) the listener can see how the quality of music becomes the most important part of the process.<br />So Why didn't I rate this as a five star rating? Quite simply because this release is just a Lennon/McCartney greatest hits collection. There is nothing here showcasing George Harrison's song writing and singing, or Ringo Starr's unique vocals. I'm sure this will be represented on the next releases but there should have been at least one or two selections for each to provide the listener with the full picture. Oh well, I'll just have to wait.<br />I will recommend this to almost any music lover. If you're a Beatles fan this is a MUST have.
B000023VR6|5.0|This is perhaps Dr. Dre's finest effort. It's like a soundrack for livin like a playa and tryin to get wit all da biddies. It also compelled me to drink Henny, smoke chronic, and get in fights.  When i was in prison, there were days when all i had to listen to was a bootlegged copy of Dre and it got me through. Dr. Dre is my religion. Dre is god and on this record eminem is his little Messiah.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Okay, let's get the cynicism out of the way first: no, these aren't the greatest Beatles songs ever. They're pretty arbitrary, actually, in the mad way that only record company executives and the whims of the plebian masses can be. But, damnit: it's pretty difficult to be cynical about The Beatles in the first place. <br />The Beatles are experiencing a huge resurgence in popularity, after all these years. Could be due to the anniversary of John Lennon's death, could be due to this CD, could be due to the generally lousy state of rock these days (Radiohead, of course, notwithstanding) ... in the end, it really doesn't matter. The Beatles have created the most lasting works of art in the 20th Century... some of the stuff on this album will live as long as, or outlive, The Godfather, Citizen Kane, Ulysses, Slaughterhouse-Five, The Sopranos or Les Desmoiselles D'avignon. Maybe. Wait and see. <br />Don't think for a second, for those of you coming late to the party, that this is the only Beatles album you need. But if you go out right now and buy `1', `Sgt. Pepper', the white album and `Abbey Road', you'll at least have a pretty headstart. (\\"What, no `Rubber Soul'/`Revolver'? Heretic!\\" Aw, give a guy a break. Been listening to these guys for exactly seven months.) <br />Represented on this album are pop benchmarks like \\"I Wanna Hold Your Hand\\", \\"A Hard Day's Night\\" and \\"Love Me Do\\". I do realise that, for most teens getting into The Beatles today, these'll be the hard-selling point of the CD. (They were for me.) But... c'mon, guys and girls... I promise, by track 7, \\"I Feel Fine\\", they've become a \\"serious\\" guitar band. (I still maintain that \\"She Loves You\\" is one of the darkest songs they ever created --- a pissed-off slap across the face to an idiotic best friend disguised as a pop song.) <br />Some more standouts: <br />\\"Help!\\" - The body of this song about an independent man realising that he needs companionship is almost irrelevant --- from the first seconds and the urgent and irresistible \\"Help!/ I need somebody!/Help!\\" --- you're stuck here. And you're not getting out. <br />\\"Yesterday\\" - Recently picked by Rolling Stone as the best pop song of all time. It was inspired by a dream of Paul's, and the soft, mournful strings certainly belie its origins. If you've ever regretted anything, and thought about times in your life that were simpler than the present, you will love this song. I do, and I HATE ballads. <br />\\"Hello, Goodbye\\" - Proving that a little psychedelic echo effect goes a long way, this track has a wonderfully unearthly feel --- never mind the amazing lyrics and the perfect drumming in this track about the black-and-white differences that result in nasty breakups. <br />\\"Lady Madonna\\" - Now... hmm. This was my first exposure to this jazzy tune about a poverty-stricken mother with far too many children. My first opinion? This song should be classified as a dangerous weapon. It's. Just. Weird. Paul's voice sounds at once clearer and more distorted than it ever has, and in the background we have a speakeasy piano, jazz club trumpets and horns, the hard rocking guitars, the clapping... it's a weird, catchy, up-tempo song about poverty (and very possibly prostitution). I even find it hard to MOVE when this song plays. Call it Kid A by The Beatles. I LOVE this one. (And the title's subtle jab at Christianity doesn't hurt one bit.) <br />\\"Hey Jude\\" - Kind of a mature remake of \\"She Loves You\\", this is a speech to a young man who's moping his way through life and treating his girlfriend like dirt. It starts with Paul in a frank voice... with each verse, a new instrument is added, and the song starts to drive towards the frantic, loud, absolutely-rocking victory-of-love climax. One of the most satisfying rock songs ever. <br />\\"The Ballad of John and Yoko\\" - Y'know, I'd have never thought I'd like The Beatles doing country. Go figure. John sings about the press torturing him and Yoko Ono on a European vacation. The verycool, tongue-in-cheek chorus has John `praying': \\"Christ, you know it ain't easy/You know how hard it can be/The way things are going, they're gonna crucify me\\". I laughed pretty hard at that, considering John's infamously misconstrued Jesus statement. <br />\\"Come Together\\" - Yeah, you've heard it from me before. One of the greatest hard rock songs, best written songs ever, yada, yada, yada... <br />\\"Let It Be\\" - It may have been their most disappointing album, but MAN, is this ever a great single (of the same name). Paul's mellow voice over this song about living life peacefully, and always keeping hope within reach. (See what I mean about this stuff being hard to be cynical about?) It feels like a hymn, especially with the pipe organs smack-dab in the middle, but it doesn't come off as remotely preachy --- just inspiring. <br />Oh, and &quot;We Can Work it Out&quot;, &quot;Penny Lane&quot;, &quot;Day Tripper&quot; and &quot;Ticket to Ride&quot; also, incidentally, rock. <br />Well, finally: these are just some of my favorites, and there are some weak songs on the CD, for sure --- it's a mix tape, not a bona-fide work-of-art Beatles Album --- but if you can find a CD out there somewhere that is packed with 1 hour, 18 minutes and 55 seconds of as much power, emotion, inventiveness, history and plain old great rock music, may they speak now or forever hold their peace. <br />Yeah. That's what I thought. <br />`Course it certainly wouldn't have hurt for AppleCorps to have thrown \\"I Am the Walrus\\" and \\"Helter Skelter\\" on here --- but, hey, that's just me.
630289915X|5.0|I think many people disregard this movie as an exercise in sentimental sap. I think they do a disservice to themselves as well as the movie to dismiss it as such. Let me ask one question before we go on.  Who here has not asked the question, \\"What if?.  If this is the first movie to deal with this question it certainly is the best.  George (Jimmy Stewart) is not perfect nor is Mr. Potter (Lionel Barrymore) completely evil.  The key difference we get to see George `s life laid out before us and get to see what events it was that shaped him.  What we see is a man feeling so alone so desperate he see no other choice before him until he is reminded what really is important. I really do not need to remind any one, just in case we forget  the really important  things in life are , family friends and  love.  Maybe this movie should not be watched at Christmas because it gets lumped into the \\"holiday\\" movie stereotype.  It is a fundamental belief  in all of us that we make a difference.  Watch it now but watch at other times of the year when we those really important things in life get lost in the shuffle.
B000002H33|5.0|I didn't see any reviews of this album so I had to review it.  This album truly rocks.  As Metallica grows in popularity and continues to evolve the older works seem to be forgotten.  This album is awesome and easily better than their current work(in my opinion).  This is not to say the current work is bad.  Some die hards will tell you the band began to sell out after And Justice but evolve is the term to use.  Metallica is the Led Zepplin of the younger generation.  Every song a hit, every album a treasure.
6302518423|5.0|By far one of the most breathtaking films I've ever seen.  I must complain, however, that it is incredibly *long* in that it moves so very, very s-l-o-w-l-y.  Seen in the theatre it is stunning.  On VHS, I find it &quot;questionable&quot;.  On DVD with a nice big TV, it would retain most of its magic.<br />The sets are elaborate, the story is subtle and told in an intricate fashion.  The characters and sets are beautiful.  Many of the characters are nude, as this is part of the vehicle of the story, adding a great deal to the other-worldly and uninhibited environment (you'll understand when you see it).  If nudity bothers you, then maybe Shakespeare, with his numerous sensual tales, is not for you.<br />It is a bold and astounding innovation, a grand experiment, which will make you feel as if you have been drugged by fairy-dust while you watch it.  Fully-immersive Shakesepearean performance trip-art ... Amazing!<br />(Wait for the DVD tho, if you can!)
0684853523|4.0|While I have the occasional problem with a King novel, I have always liked the fact that his writing is entertaining and down to earth.  This comes through in his new book as well. I am sure many may see the subject of the book and be turned off, but instead, this book is an absorbing read on the growth of a writer, and the techniques that he uses. The first half of the book is mainly autobiographical: what inspired King, what his experiences were as a kid.  It's a great glimpse into his mind.  I like that King takes himself to our level, that he has a healthy amount of humility AND he is willing to admit that not all of his books were perefct unto themselves.<br />The ending of the book is a description of his June 1999 accident.  It's fitting for King to end the book on this note, because it showed him (and us) just how important writing is to his life, and to his recovery.  I enjoyed this little excursion out of King's fictional haunts. Since King is such an accomplished writer as it is, it doesn't seem like all that much of a trangression either, just another entertainign read by a great author.
B0000542D2|4.0|Surely we could have a trailer and a documentry on this DVD.And what about a commentary?With all the interviews and the information on &quot;the making of a hard days night&quot;,they could cobble together a commentary easily.
0671027344|4.0|This book is worth it alone for the great passage that is excerpted on the front page.  Luckily for us, there are a few hundred other pages of great writing as well. This book proceeds very smoothly, and then suddenly at the end, there is a bombshell dropped on the reader. Surprisingly, it works.  I never even saw it coming.  I suppose I should have since the main character cries an unusual amount (that should have been my first clue) throughout the story.<br />This book seems to speak to a lot of people since it has become such a big underground hit. I like the fact that subjects such as homosexuality and abortion are discussed, but there is no real moral judgment made by the narrator.<br />This book has a great cast of characters, from the older sister, to the parents (who, bless Chbosky's soul, are REAL people and not cardboard cutouts), to his best friends at school.  This book seems to really have its finger on the pulse of today, and I think most people who read it would enjoy it.<br />Now that I have said my piece, go and read this novel. :)
B00000JGHM|4.0|This crime story contains one of the best scenes in movie history. Al Pacino sits down in a coffee shop and chats with Robert De Niro. One is an eccentric detective and the other a ruthless criminal. They talk about what they do for a living and how it effects them. It's a tense and dramatic moment and you have to wonder if the actors are actually talking about their character's lives or their very own.  &quot;Heat&quot; is one of the most underrated crime/heist movies of the genre. It has extravagent action scenes, solid performances and cameos (Hank Azaria,Tone Loc,Natalie Portman) and an engrossing plot. My only complaint is the tacked-on ending which seems to belong in a B-movie. Warner Bros. did only an okay job bringing it to DVD so be warned. It's missing some of the special features we have come to expect (director's commentary, deleted scenes, etc).  Michael Mann did an admirable job of showing the exploits of professional bank robbers and the detectives who chase them. It's rumored that one of the advisors to the film was one of the bank robbers who was later killed in the infamous North Hollywood Shootout in 1997. Enticed enough now? This is an action movie with class...buy it!
6301797906|3.0|John Ford actually improved on the extremely overrated Steinbeck novel, &quot;The Grapes of Wrath.&quot;  But that isn't saying much.  Greg Toland, once again, deserves much of the credit for the visual impact of the film.  Ford contributed his usual unbearable sentimentality (sentimentality defined as &quot;unearned emotion&quot;).  Henry Fonda gave his usual authenticity to an already melodramatic script.  In 1940 there was a gap between Film and reality so great, it would take a De Sica to bridge it.  Alas, we had no De Sica.  All we had was Ford (i.e., &quot;Found On the Road Dead&quot;).
B00004TRD8|5.0|Not only is Terminator 2: Judgement Day one of the greatest sequels of all time, this DVD is amazing.  The added scenes in the Special Edition Version are terrific and I don't know why James Cameron cut them to begin with.  This DVD is one of the most loaded DVDs out there.  It has over 6 hours of playing time with two editions of the full length feature.  It also has the making of T2.<br />If you are a fan of DVDs and of Arnold Schwarzenegger, then this DVD is a must have.  It is a great tool for showing off home entertainment systems.  The sound is amazing too.  This is truly the &quot;Ultimate&quot; DVD.
6301797906|3.0|John Ford actually improved on the extremely overrated Steinbeck novel, &quot;The Grapes of Wrath.&quot;  But that isn't saying much.  Greg Toland, once again, deserves much of the credit for the visual impact of the film.  Ford contributed his usual unbearable sentimentality (sentimentality defined as &quot;unearned emotion&quot;).  Henry Fonda gave his usual authenticity to an already melodramatic script.  In 1940 there was a gap between Film and reality so great, it would take a De Sica to bridge it.  Alas, we had no De Sica.  All we had was Ford (i.e., &quot;Found On the Road Dead&quot;).
B000002HPV|5.0|Finally, Bjork lives up to her massive potential!  Her music has always been bold, exciting, original and eclectic - in other words, everything I ridicule popular music for not being.  But her albums have always suffered a bit from incoherence and monotony, 'Debut' in particular.  Homogenic is easily her best to date (Selmasongs included), and as usual, it may take some getting used to her intentionally syncopated vocals and minimalist instrumentation.  It will all come to fruition eventually, though, and you will be completely addicted to it.  The first half of the CD is more accessible, and probably better as well.  The snare drum rolls of 'Hunter', the string-laden Joga, and the beautiful imagery of 'Unravel' and 'Bachelorette' never fail to stun, even on the 50th listen.  Once you hit the inspiring 'All Neon Like' and the heavier '5 Years', however, it becomes a bit more like her old experimental self, which is certainly not a bad thing.  Get used to the odd time signatures and the improvisational feel behind the singing, and the second half will become just as enjoyable, especially the standout 'Alarm Call', and the high-octane 'Pluto'.  'All Is Full Of Love' provides a quiet, relaxing, and fitting end to this amazing, amazing album.  Of course, listening to it from beginning to end is the best way to enjoy it, although the songs stand on their own as well.  Besides its willingness to go where no other artist could, the thing I like most about this CD is the central theme that love heals all, if you make the most of it. This message comes across clearly without sounding corny or cheesy, something few artists manage to do.  If you thought Radiohead's Kid A was a work of brilliance, then you will be equally impressed with Homogenic.  If stale pop structures and over-produced, trite bubblegum boy-girl bands are your thing, though, then it's a pity you won't understand the appeal of this album.
B000050IKM|4.0|My son has enjoyed all of the Baby Einstein series.  The Baby Bach video is no exception.  It has delightful images combined with the pleasant music of Bach.  He asks to play it at least once a day.  To be honest, I find the music and images relaxing also.  It helps us wind down from a busy day.
B00000253N|5.0|If you like Dylan, you must add this to your collection.  The more I listen to it, the more I like it!  The songs are interesting and fun.  I bought it originally for Tangled Up In Blue, but love all the songs so much it is one of my favorite CD's of all times.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Even Ebenizer Scrooge would love this album, I give it 1000 stars!.... Nobody is in the same league as the beatles, no one ever will be!BUY THIS NOW!!!
0553573403|2.0|Mr. Martin has written a gripping, realistic account of a low-magic fantasy world where numerous powers vie for the throne.  As any of the shrieking 5-star reviews will tell you, Martin's book examines events from a number of different viewpoints, with no true heroes or villians, and many shades of grey.  I was thrilled with the book and burned through its 700+ pages in the space of a few days.<br />Then I finished the book and realized that what I'd read wasn't a story, but instead an extremely detailed timeline of events.  This character does one thing, that character does another thing, someone else fights, yet another person betrays.  Which is fine if it serves the story, but there is no story.<br />Mr. Martin doesn't have any point he's trying to make.  There are no ideas he wants to get across, no philosophical axes he wants to grind.  There's no moral or message to his book -- no point whatsoever.  Much like the history of our own world (which this book is based on), events simply happen because they happen, not because the author has a story to tell.<br />I burned through Mr. Martin's book because I thought all these different events and characters were leading up to something.  They weren't.  I tried the next book, but it was more of the same.  Now maybe Mr. Martin has a story to tell using the whole six-book series, but at 800 pages a pop, it's not worth my time.
B000050XEI|5.0|&quot;A Day Without Rain&quot; is a marvelous album, one of Enya's finest.  when i first listened to ADWR, i wasn't sure of what i had just heard. I will admit that it took a couple listens before i was able to see it's beauty and colors. Every song on ADWR is pure bliss, but quite different from what Enya has previously set out to accomplish. Enya sounds more focused with her music, as if she has found this hidden joy inside of her that is just BEGINNING to surface. Standout tracks include: Tempus Vernum/Deora Ar Mo Chroi, Flora's Secret, One By One, Lazy Days, and seriously all the rest. Flora's Secret just sends me soaring, something that her music rarely achieves. I have been a fan of Enya for about 5 years now, and i must say that ADWR is a welcome surprise and is my favorite of her's. It has not left my CD player since i got it, now its your turn!
0790729652|5.0|Batman,directed by Tim Burton,is the best film in the Batman series.(although Batman Returns comes mighty close)The production design is fantastic,and the look of Burton's Gotham City is rather dark and menacing,creating the perfect environment for the Dark Knight to operate.(unlike the two Joel Schumacher films where Gotham looks too colorful,almost like a laser light show,and Batman looks a tad out of place,though I admit I do like those two films)The story is very entertaining,and the performances are very good,too.Michael Keaton is perfect as Bruce Wayne/Batman,with exactly the right mix of seriousness and sense of humor.Jack Nicholson as Jack Napier/The Joker is the best villain in the series.The extremely beautiful Kim Basinger was great as photographer,and Bruce/Batman's's love interest Vicki Vale as well.The rest of the cast did a fine job,too including Pat Hingle as Commissioner Gordon,Billy Dee Williams as Harvey Dent,Robert Wuhl as Knox,Jack Palance as Grissom,and Michael Gough as Alfred just to mention a few.Danny Elfman's musical score is excellent,and the songs by Prince are okay.Overall,Batman is a remarkable movie,and extremely entertaining.
6305013578|4.0|When looking for a copy of Metropolis, there are many who would tell you one version is better than the other.  By and large, they will all have powerful arguments to make about how Helm is not profiled right in this shot or how this particular scene is actually 3 seconds longer in version &quot;X&quot; released in 1972.<br />All entitled to an opinion.<br />This particular version may not be the best, but it *does* give the viewer an excellent experience for the money.<br />No, this disc is not loaded with poster art or running commentary, but it does present an excellent cut of the film by nearly any standard.<br />The DVD quality is good, but the print seems to be a bit used.<br />Let's face it, you could do much worse than this edition.  If you are a hardcore fan of Fritz Lang, there are better to be had.  But for a guy like me who simply enjoys the film, the style, the story, this was an wonderful disc.<br />Turn it on, turn all the lights off, turn down the soundtrack, and enjoy the movie.
B000006U44|5.0|The &quot;Kick Inside&quot; is one of those rare CD's, in my vast collection, that gives me goose bumps every time I play it. The songs are crafted in such a way as to and flow from the speakers or headphones and have the ability to place you in a kind of &quot;trance&quot; like emotional state. The track &quot;The Kick Inside&quot; is beautiful but haunting at the same time. As it is the final track on the CD, I find myself either playing the track again or just sitting there in silence with the melody still whispering in my head. This is the only song I will single out because you need to listen to ALL of them, some are better than others, but all are great. Cheers to Kate for making a timeless piece of work at such a young age.
0790737973|5.0|With Dustin Hoffman, Sharone Stone &amp; Samuel L. Jackson you sure will reach somewhere. Somewhere BEAUTIFUL! <br />Hunderds of feet beneath the ocean surface in the middle of the Pacific, something has been discoverd. Its origin, its structure, its malevolent energy are baffling. But whatever it is, it can reach into your mind. It knows your worst fears. And now, it's starting to make those fears come true...    <br />You're going to live one hell of a journey! Not only down there, but in your own SPHERE! ; )
0380789019|3.0|The hook here is what got me: a vast underground (centered around the London Underground) composed of people and places that have \\"fallen through the cracks.\\"  I was more than willing to play along, but Gaiman's London Below does not seem to possess any internal rhyme or reason.  The logic of who or what inhabits London Below seems to change depending on what new character or place pops into the author's head.  There are allusions to Alice in Wonderland, Dante's Inferno, and Greek myth; some have even likened it to Adam's phenomenal Hitchhiker's trilogy, but to me, it plays as standard D&amp;D fare: a quest composed of the one-dimensional archtypes fighter (Hunter), thief (marquis De Carabas), and elvin magician (Door) with a Willy Loman (Richard Mayhew) thrown in for good measure.  In addition, there is some pretty heavy-handed foreshadowing and sloppy editing of the different sub-plots woven into the story that made me wince every once in a while.  The first 100 pages could have been condensed into 10 by a decent editor, but from there, the story gets rolling along rather nicely as the reader's acceptance of Gaiman's world matches that of Richard - instead of questioning the next bizarre reality, you almost expect it.  Though parts of Richard's character development are clichd and predictable, it is paced nicely and believably.  While I was not as taken with Gaiman's humor as other readers, he is a gifted storyteller nevertheless, as evidenced by the fact that I stayed up until 3am to finish the book despite its technical shortcomings.  Overall, a great premise with some real promise, but I would have appreciated a tighter, more efficient package.  I'd give it 3.5 stars if I could, but it'll have to do with a 3 to balance out all those 5s out there. :)
0812589041|4.0|I really enjoyed the book Ender's Game. Truthfully I am not much of a reader. Not oly am I not much of a reader, but also I do not like fiction at all. This is why I was so optomistic about even picking this book up. I was trying to find ways around reading this book, becuase I had to for Reading class. After realizing there is no way around it, I began to read it. The second I started reading it, I fell in love with the book, I am serious. It is really a wonderful book. Since I started reading the book I could not put it down. The beginning and ending are very slow paced and it takes a while to catch on. There is a lot of important detail you have to catch, to have a good understanding of the book. The middle is very fast paced though. It goes by very fast. All around it is very exiting. There is never a stall in the book. There is never a really boring part or and uninteresting seen. Some books put you to sleep, this one does not at all. I really like it because it focuses on a lot of aspects surrounding one major character and event. It has a lot of relationships in the story and show difference in them. There is love and war, peace and hate, everything together. This is an overall great book that I would recommend to anyone who is looking for something interesting to read. Excuse me I have to go and look for some more of Orson Scott Card's books, hopefully his others will be as good as this one was. Go read it!
B00004Y9PP|2.0|I had previously heard great things about this movie. I had everyone telling me how great the characters were and how great the action was. I decided to check it out. I was seriously dissapointed. First off I knew quite soon into the movie that it was going to be irritating watching this camera move around. I decided to let it slip by me and watch it. The movie than presents your average stereotypical cast which includes the strong hearted and strong willed women, the tough male leader, the confused kids, the &quot;kill-off&quot; extra members of the group, and the strange alien character who assists our heroes. This movie is plagued entirely by uninspired acting and you never really get a chance to enjoy each of the characters. The alien creatures were a great idea but you were never really presented with a chance to awe at them as they were avoided much of the time. What keeps it from 1 star is the main character was wonderfully portrayed and acted giving him an eerie sense about him but he was probbaly the only character that interested anyone. Rent it if you are seriously into sci-fi flicks but the casual movie viewer should avoid it like the plague.
B00004Z4SD|5.0|I am a big fan of David Lynch-movies like Eraserhead and Blue Velvet, both of which have a dark side. So, I am a little surprised that I love The Straight Story, which is a very tender movie about an old man visiting his estranged brother 300 miles away on a riding lawn mower in the upper midwest. Everything about this movie is beautiful-from the shots of the expansive Iowa grain fields, the colorful sunrises (and sets), the small towns, the Mississippi river, to the warm hearted midwesterners who bid the old man well has he slowly travels down the road. And, not to be disappointed by the ending, it has such a peaceful tone that one leaves this movie definitely touched and having a little more optimism about our country and its people. For Lynch fans, there is the signature cinematography and music, which is also terrific, and the close shots he gives us of every day objects in a way that make them seem important. Whether you are &quot;into&quot; David Lynch or not, you will likely enjoy if not love this movie.
B00003CXHJ|4.0|I have yet to view the DVD version of this movie but I did see it in the theatres. This movie simply left me walking out of the theatre with my mouth wide open. The direction was wonderful and every scene had you on the edge of your seat. Once more, the theatre sounds perfectly creates a movie you can delve into. The eerie silence as they await the depth charges to strike, then the sudden crash of the explosion will make you jump and will make you feel like your with them. This movie is simple non stop action from begining to end. However what keeps this movie from being 5 stars is the fact that unless you have an amazing sound system, I dont think the movie can be fully realized better than it was on the big screen. Solid buy none the less. Highly recomended.
B000000HTM|5.0|I was perusing through the lists of other prog-rock fans and this album showed up on most of them.  While I had heard of this band, I never heard anything by them.  Then I took a listen to the samples and bought it the next week.  Needless to say, this one has to be one of the most addictive listens in my collection.  The ornate arrangement in &quot;Lighthouse Keepers&quot; utilizes nearly every instrument in the kinetic sense, exploring their individual usage without overpowering one over the other.  Songs like this give epics a good name.  My favorite part is the 5/4 organ/horn/ARP dissonant madness about 16 minutes into the song; how it jumps all over the place with the mellotrons shrieking in the background and ultimately culminates into the simple and beautiful piano piece, not too far inspired from Ziggy-era Bowie.  Pete Hammill's vocals are forceful and otherworldly even without the numerous effects placed upon them.  Organ usage is also a plus, flavoring the jaw-dropping songwriting with cathedric fervor.  Again, thanks for recommending this.  Always good to stumble upon something that makes your day.
B00003CXDG|4.0|The first mission impossible movie didnt really stick in my mind that well, and wasnt to great. When the movie started I knew this would be a heck of a lot better than part 1. But I was sent through a roller coaster of ideas before I actually settled down and got into the movie. The begining is action packed but seriously slows down for about a half hour with a lot of story build up. But I felt that once they were attempting the break in this movie seriously picked up the pace. The action scenes were simply amazing with stunts that were mind boggleing. This movie definitly makes up the begining with heart pounding action through the final half of the movie. The acting is superb and all the characters are believable. I also though Cruz did an awesome job of learning a little martial arts for the movie. This movie might not be watched over and over but I highly suggest you check it out.
B000002N2P|5.0|This is, like all of Green Day's albums, an excellent CD. The formula on this album works great - fast, hard and to the point. The album moves quite smoothly from one song to the next, staying loud and in-your-face for all 14 tracks. &quot;Armatage Shanks&quot; is a great start to the album, followed by the snotty &quot;Brat.&quot; Other highlights from the album include &quot;Geek Stink Breath&quot; and &quot;Stuck With Me,&quot; two great songs. &quot;86,&quot; &quot;Stuart and the Ave.,&quot; and &quot;Walking Contradiction&quot; are also very good, but the best track on this album is the breakneck speed metal song &quot;Brain Stew,&quot; one of Green Day's best. The guitar work, the lyrics, everything is perfect. All the other songs are good too, making this one hell of an album, even though it didn't sell as much as its precedor, Dookie. If you are a Green Day fan, you have to have this CD, and for those of you who like Godsmack, Creed, and stuff like that, I think you'll enjoy this CD too.
6304698658|5.0|I saw this movie a while back for the first time and since then my family has purchased the movie, before that we rented it more times than I can remember. This movie definitly lives up to the quality of Vacation as it is completely hysterical! There are so many memorable lines in this movie youll be reciting them casually to friends and family. You gotta feel bad for Clark, why cant he ever have little fun with his family. The movie pinpoints just how stereotypical Christmas can be, and then shows how it can be if everything goes wrong. Great cast and Chevy Chase leads the group in a wonderful movie thatll have you rolling out of your seat. True classic and I urge you to pick it up!
0812589041|3.0|On the scale of 1 to 5, i rated this book a three. Not because it is a bad book, but because i am not a very intersted in science fiction stories. Looking at it from another point of view, i think this book was really well written. i like the author's way of describing the events that take place. The character description was excellent as well. the story of this book, being made up in space and all, makes the author seem like he is a very imaginative person. i liked the idea of sending Ender up in space for battle school.  This was a really good story. As i mentioned above, i really do not like science fiction books, especially the ones that deal with dragons and big aliens, etc. that is exactly what i thought this book would be like, but i was really glad to see that this book has a storyline to it. it has main characters who are involved throughout the story and it even has some sentimental moments, which is not very common in science fiction stories.  Overall, i thought this was a great book and it has a very  interesting and different storyline.
B00003CX8J|3.0|Ive been a huge X-Men fan for quite a while. I imediatley though that it would be worth going to see, and invited my friend who is also a great fan of X-Men, more than me. But as I watched I realized something, not enough fight scenes. Fighting scenes have been an integral part of the series and I looked for a little more action in the movie. The final sequence was top knotch and gave me hope for the sequel. I also thought they left out some characters that could have bettered the movie. Gambit should definitly have been in it and Rouge didnt even act like Rouge considering she didnt fly or have super strength. She also looked like she was 15. The story is layed out well but I think the director came short in creating a true X-Men epic. Great special effects and good acting save this movie, I just think it needed a little more...
B00004SCX6|5.0|This album is her best one yet. People have claimed that she has only survived because of her looks and that all of her songs on this album sound the same, but that's because they didn't really listen to the album. Each song has a different beat. All of the singles from this album are 10 times better than those from the original. One thing that I like is that the songs sound a little more professional than in the first album, she also doesn't sound as young or annoying. This album is excellent. All of the negative interviews are mostly from those that despise her just because she is popular. There's only one reason why she's so popular and that's because her songs are all catchy and entertaining.
B00003W8NM|5.0|This movie has an awesome premise and simply has a very surreal and eerie atmosphere to it. Its the story of a man who is ruled by his own posestions and must have everything perfect. He attends meetings every night so he has somewhere to go. He eventually meets Tyler Durden played by Brad Pitt (who I might add does an awesome job of portraying this strange character). They create the &quot;Fight Club&quot; where people join and fight bare fisted for fun, not to the death. The Fight Club gets out out of hand and the world starts crashing down around the main character played by Edward Norton. The final twist is gonna make you simply drop your jaw and stare at the screen, then after the movie back in the box youll sit there for about 20 minutes thinking &quot;How was that possible....&quot; or &quot;He was there but who was the other guy then...&quot; Itll boggle your mind. Ontop of all that it is full of action scenes which get pretty gruesome. This is a top notch film and definitly warrants a purchace.
B00003CXDG|3.0|...the plot was defintley lacking. Not much acting going on here. The special effects and action is the only reason this got a 3. When this movie came out, they gave it 3 of 4 stars because of the action and special effects and said it had no plot. They said the same thing about &quot;Gone in 60 Seconds&quot; and gave it 2 stars. Of the 2, I liked &quot;Gone..&quot; better than &quot;Mission...&quot;. A big part of why this didn't do it for me was there were too many dead parts. It needed more action. Also, the widesreen really took away from this as about a third of the screen was taken away from top to bottom. I couldn't believe just how narrow it was. Though I did like this movie, if #3 comes out, they better make it more like the 1st one, or it's gonna flop.
0553345834|5.0|This was one of the first business/management books I purchasd upon my graduation from college in 1988. Since that time, I find myself reading the book atleast once every 12 to 18 months to refreash my memory as well as my attitude. Mark's common sense straight forward approach is second to none! This book made such an impression on me that it is now required reading for all of my managemnet personnel and all new hires are given a copy on their start date of employment with my company.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|.... This album has it all! I would tell anyone to buy this. This will surpass The Eagles Greatest hits as the best selling album of all time. If someone is a novice to Beatles music then I think they should start with this, I doubt that there are any beatle novices in the world, but just in case. Any Beatles fan will tell you that Revolver and Sgt.Peppers are they way to go if you know anything about music. I can't just can't believe that someone can put the backstreet boys in the same breath of the beatles? was that a joke to get people fired up in here? I don't watch mtv but I do think that the number one song of all time according to them and rolling stone mag was yesterday! The magazine gear had the 100 greatest albums of all time, guess what number one was? Sgt Pepper, number 4 was revolver, number 6 the white album, I think abbey road was 13 or so, and finally number 20 was Rubber Soul. Just read Q magazine, this is a british music magazine, it is a lot better than rolling stone, they would never put the backstreet boys on the cover, nor anyone like that. Thank God! They had the 100 greatest musicans of all time, guess who number 1 and 2 were? I think you know!!
0671027344|5.0|This book is amazing.  I read it for the first time in August of this year (2000), and have read it twice since then, it is now December of 2000.  I am not sure if I felt a connection with this book mainly because I am going through exactly what he was describing, I am 15 and just started my first year of high school.  Charlie is an incredible character.  This book taught me to appreciate beauty, and just to take everything in and feel good about the peace of a wonderful song that makes you feel infinite, as the author wrote.  I don't know know how to write a review to justify the power and effect this book had on me, I am a lot more compassionate and peaceful with myself and everything else since reading it, it's beautiful, I recommend it to everyone.
B000001FI7|5.0|This is an absolutely brilliant album - haunting lyrics, a deep bass, perfect for chilling out - in my opinion a lot more enjoyable than their self-titled follow up album. Listen for, in particular, Glory Box, Roads (which is also on the soundtrack to the movie Tank Girl) and Sour Times.
B00004YW6I|2.0|I write this review after giving PJ's latest a month's worth of listens.<br />Some songs, such as Good Fortune and The Whore's Hustle..., have such a nice cute flavor of Patti Smyth packed inside that it makes me ill (don't get me wrong, I like Patti's work quiet a bit, just not so unrefreshingly repackaged).  Others, such as the duet with Radiohead's vocalist, have lyrical content so cliched and predictable they feel more atuned to a boy band album than PJ.  It makes me wonder if these two musicians really had any desire to work together at all, or if this was just a science project gone awry cooked up by one of the top brass at Island.  <br />&quot;Is This Desire?&quot; left PJ, to her credit, in a place almost impossibly high to work from (my favorite album from 1998 hands down) - but I guess I had hoped to hear her work continue to break off into new directions, and not take me through the beaten path.
0684171600|5.0|Treasure Island by Robert Louis Stevenson is by far one of the best adventure stories I have ever read. This book deserves all five stars, it has everything you could ask for such as, suspense, comedy, action, drama and a great plot line. R.L. Stevenson puts a lot of detail into his main characters such as Long John Silver and Jim Hawkins just to name a few.  He describes the scenes with such great detail that at times I had to remind myself that it is only a book.  I spent more than 2 months reading this book and I enjoyed every part of it.  I could RARELY find a paragraph that was dull, the book was very exciting overall.  This book is fairly easy to read and I would recommend it to adults and children of all ages.  The book moves at a very good pace, not too fast, not too slow.  This book is anything but boring, something new happens in every chapter for instance, when Jim witnesses a murder and when he gets into bar fights, those are just some of the many things that happened.  I was very surprised myself when I read this book because it seems a little childish but in fact it's quite the contrary.  I highly recommend that you go out and read this book!
8478884955|5.0|Ahora Harry Potter se encuentra en segundo ao de la escuela de Magos. Este es un libro que una vez lo comienzes a leer no podras parar como si realmente tuviera un hechizo.  Ya he comenzado a leer el Prisionero de Azkaban que es el tercero de la serie y espero ansiosa que el cuarto libro salga en espaol.  Definitivamente la narrativa es increible,la forma en que JK Rowling describe a los personajes es impresionante.  Te los puedes inmaginar tal y como son y a la misma vez te transportas a la camara secreta con Harry.  Es una serie de libros completamente fascinante, tanto para adultos como para nios.
B000002GD9|4.0|This 1977 Supertramp album was one of those records where Side 1 was so much better than Side 2 that you rarely bothered to flip the record/cassette over. The two gems are the well-known &quot;Give A Little Bit,&quot; one of those 70s songs where you start with just an acoustic guitar and add instruments with each subsequent verse (another prime example is &quot;Lady&quot; by Styx) and the lesser known title song. There are just so many little qualities to &quot;Even in the Quietest Moments&quot; that I just love, besides the great title (for which I have been trying to appropriate for the title of a novel for years): the synthesized bird chirping at the start, the initial interplay between Roger Hodgson's acoustic guitar and John Anthony Helliwell's wind instruments, the building vocal harmonies. I always think of this song as a sort of tonal poem that just sets a perfect little mood. No wonder I never bothered to flip the record over.
B000002L7V|3.0|Anybody know about that reviewer Johnny S. Geddes?  If you've read his profile, you'll know that he is a new-age horror fiction writer.  While lacking in personal contact, we have coincidentally reviewed many of the same items, and I cannot think of a single album upon which we have agreed.  If you happen to find one, feel free to tell me about it...<br />Anyway, &quot;Sacred Heart&quot; is neither the best nor the worst of Dio's albums.  &quot;Angry Machines&quot; was horrible, and of course &quot;Holy Diver&quot; was leaps and bounds higher quality.  The third album usually makes or breaks a band, and I feel that this release crushed the band's hopes of ever becoming legends instead of merely staying famous.  When the keyboardist works more overtime than whomever strums the riffs, you know that the album will probably wither.  Along with an overly atmospheric production, Dio was finally scraping bottom with his usual formula:  First track--rock 'n' roll anthem; Second track--title track and epic fantasy; Third track--good rocker with a killer riff; and the rest of the songs range from cruddy to average to superb and back to a ballad.<br />First, the good--&quot;Sacred Heart,&quot; &quot;Another Lie,&quot; and &quot;Rock and Roll Children.&quot;  The mediocre--&quot;King of Rock 'n' Roll,&quot; &quot;Like the Beat of a Heart,&quot; and &quot;Fallen Angels.&quot;  Finally, the nauseating--&quot;Hungry for Heaven,&quot; &quot;Just Another Day,&quot; and &quot;Shoot Shoot.&quot;  Kudos to the gang for providing us with a wondrous assortment of quality, but the fact that Vivian Campbell soon left Dio after this album is a sad testament to this release, no matter what his reasons happened to be.
0887308589|3.0|This is one of the first Dilbert books I have read.  I enjoyed the book but did not think it was hilarious.  All the stupidity of the corporate world and managers gets boring after a while.  <br />I basically skimmed through this book because I did not want to waste my time reading it carefully when the information here has no real use.  I found The Joy of Work to be a more entertaining read (I was laughing out loud reading that one) so I would recommend that to anyone getting started reading Dilbert rather than the Dilbert Principle
B00004SCX6|1.0|I tried to post a far more critical review than this, but I guess it crossed Amazon's line between &quot;review&quot; and &quot;berating&quot;.  This album is generic, mass-produced, dry drivel that should only be loosely associated with the term &quot;music&quot;.  Britney has no voice whatsoever.  Most of her songs are just a radio-friendly pop beat and her TALKING the stupid, lame lyrics.  And when she occasionally tries to sing (like other performers do!), it sounds awful, making it obvious WHY she tries not to sing.  I didn't buy this album, but I've heard it countless times because my neighbor blasts it on a daily basis.  The fact that Britney is so popular is alarming.  I know a bunch of attractive girls who can dance a little bit...are THEY all entitled to be millionaire &quot;pop queens&quot; just for that?  I didn't think so.  So why is Britney so lucky?  I mean I don't like Christina Aguliera either but at least that girl has a pretty impressive voice.  There's a lot of good, honest music being made by a lot of talented musicians.  They're getting hosed because stuff like Britney and NSYNC are what sells...that and Creed.  It's a shame.  I'll feel better when Britney's on a &quot;Where are they Now?&quot; special on VH1 in a few years...she and Styx will be immortalized together.  People, do your ears and brains a favor and search BEYOND pop culture for some good music.  It's out there and it's worth looking for.  There's no reason why anyone should settle for Britney Spears when there's stuff like Yo La Tengo and Built to Spill out there.
0887307876|3.0|This is one of the first Dilbert books I have read.  I enjoyed the book but did not think it was hilarious.  All the stupidity of the corporate world and managers gets boring after a while.  <br />I basically skimmed through this book because I did not want to waste my time reading it carefully when the information here has no real use.  I found The Joy of Work to be a more entertaining read (I was laughing out loud reading that one) so I would recommend that to anyone getting started reading Dilbert rather than the Dilbert Principle
6305078564|5.0|This mini-series is my favorite of all time.  Combine the beautiful English countryside with flawless casting and the witty and fabulous script provided by Jane Austen, and anyone would be entertained.  I can not recommend this enough.
B00004NRWH|4.0|I was introduced a week ago by a friend that liked Niceklback, and I must say, though they haven't hit it big in my area yet, they are definitly a new favorite for me. I am not a big Creed fan, and some might say this type of rock fits into the same genre as Creed, but if it does, I don't care, because this CD is awesome. Being the acoustic fan that I am, I favor #11, but that's not to take away from any other song on it(least of all the previous Leader of Men).  You might expect either cheesy lyrics or lyrics that are too complicated for real understanding like most of our mainstream rock produces nowdays, but after reading the lyrics of Nickelback, I am delightfully surprised of their candid and honest outlook on many areas most musicians feel faux pas. Leader of Men is one of those as well(obviously I am partial).  A true must for Christmas, or anytime! Happy Holidays.
B00003CXBK|5.0|Princess Mononoke is perhaps the best anime to have come out in a long time.  Hayao Miyazaki has once again made a masterpiece, much like his acclaimed graphic novel Nausicaa of the Valley of the Wind.  Those who critize this film are those who have no appreciation for beautiful animation and a creative plot, which lacks much of the violence that other anime thrives on (there are a few scenes of violence in Mononoke).  If you are an anime fan that needs excessive violence and action in an anime, then this is not for you.  However, for those who enjoy a movie for its plot and characters as well as its animation, then by all means see this anime.  You won't be disappointed, for Miyazaki has put much time and effort in this last epic that he himself has heavily animated.
B00004Z459|1.0|I heard One Step Closer and i thought, hey, thats a pretty good song.  So i got it.  Then when i listened to the entire album, every track sounded like the same thing and all i have to say is weak.
B0000024UX|5.0|There is no adjective to describe this album. It is quite simply one of the best albums of the century and is the quintessential folk album of its generation. The title song sets the tone for the songs to follow. Bridge over troubled water touches each listener on a level that few songs can lay claim to. There is a fine balance in the songs. From the catchy tunes of &quot;Keep the customer satisfied&quot; and &quot; Baby driver&quot; to softer poetic materpieces like the unrivaled &quot;Boxer&quot;, a song that contain some of the most profound and tender lyrics found in folk music. Then there is &quot; The only living boy in New York&quot;, one of S&amp; G 's most uneratted songs that has moved people to tears - I have seen it with my own eyes.  Simon and Garfunkel is a musical religious experience that transends time and seems to penetrate one's soul create a sense of inner peace. This is the triumph of S &amp; G. There words alone are worthy of being published in Poetry anthologies and the quality of there music is on a par with any I have heard.
0393312836|5.0|Burgess created a masterpiece when he wrote &quot;A Clockwork Orange&quot;. It is truly amazing what he did with language in this book, creating a futuristic teen slang. It is difficult to read at first, but with patience you get used to it. <br />The story does have a high level of brutal violence and criminal acts in it, but when you look beyond all of that, you realize it's quite necessary. It serves to strengthen both the theme and setting, namely, a future society filled with crime. Through the main character, Alex (the &quot;clockwork orange&quot; himself), this novella brilliantly displays the importance of moral choice in the individual.
B000002J2B|5.0|Wind and Wuthering is the second of two albums recorded by the band without Peter Gabriel and with Steve Hackett. Many missed Gabriel for his arty edge, but most fans had to admit that Genesis never sounded better when Trick of the Tail came out in 1976. Phil Collins proved a more-than-able replacement for the former songbird, and the band had found a homogenous, pastoral sound that was still classic Genesis without being overblown and pompous. Wind and Wuthering (1977) continues in the same vein but is not as understated as its predecessor. There's a more wide-screen, adventurous feel to this record that is best appreciated at high volume. Wot Gorilla? and All in a Mouse's Night are a mighty din, while One for the Vine and Your Own Special Way showcase the band's gentler side.This is my favourite album because it is the only Genesis album (yes, folks, the only one) where all members get to stretch their wings to the full. There's rock, there's fusion, there's classical, all beautifully packaged in the Genesis (wall of) sound. With the exception of And Then There Were Three, it was all downhill from then on.
6305291489|5.0|This movie was very cute.  Althought things have changed from the original, but movie is still great!  The girl who plays the lead is purely wonderful!  This is a movie of all ages and fun to watch.  You can't help but watch this movie.  Dennis Quaid is great in the movie.  It's just a wonderful cast, for a wonderful movie!
0395389496|5.0|If there are such things as perfect picture books, The Polar Express, written and illustrated by the very talented Chris Van Allsburg, is certainly one of them.  The charming story is about a young boy who wakes one Christmas Eve many years ago, looks out his window and sees, of all wonderful things, a train waiting patiently in the street in front of his house.  Going out to investigate this wonder of wonders, the boy is asked by the conductor if he's coming along.  &quot;Where?&quot; the boy inquires.  &quot;Why, to the North Pole of course,&quot; the conductor answers.  Thus the boy boards the train known as The Polar Express, which is filled with lots of other children who are just as excited as he is.  The Polar Express races to the very top of the world, where the streets of the North Pole are filled with hundreds upon hundreds of elves, and where the young boy is given The First Gift of Christmas by none other than Santa Claus himself.  Not until The Polar Express is speeding the children home for the night, does the young boy realize his precious gift, a single bell from the harness of Santa's reindeer, has been lost.  Given the magic of the season, the young boy finds the bell again in the most unexpected of places on Christmas morning.  Years and years later, the old man who was once the young boy, can hear the bell ring when everyone else around him can't -- because he still believes in things like Christmas and Santa Claus and elves and the North Pole.  Throughout, the heartwarming tale of The Polar Express is told in simple language that is as much a joy to read to yourself as it is to read aloud to your kids.  Plus, you and your kids will be treated to artwork that is truly as much a feast to the eyes as it is to the imagination.  Mr. Van Allsburg's understated yet exquisitely detailed paintings compliment the text of his narrative so perfectly, it is easy to see how much of a labor of love creating The Polar Express must have been for him.  My advice?  Buy at least three copies of The Polar Express; one you can give to your kids as they're growing up, one to give to your kids when they are all grown-up and will, hopefully, appreciate it even more, and one to keep as a special treasure for yourself.Buy at least three copies of The Polar Express; one you can give to your kids as they're growing up, one to give to your kids when they are all grown-up and will, hopefully, appreciate it even more, and one to keep as a special treasure for yourself.
0671027344|5.0|'The Perks of Being a Wallflower' was difficult to put down from the start.  It was told, in the form of letters to an anonymous recipient, by high school freshman Charlie.  Charlie is so innocent, almost to a fault.  He had a cushy childhood, or so we are led to believe.  Charlie falls in with Sam and Patrick, step-sister and brother, both upperclassmen.  They introduce him to many things that most high school students can relate to.  Everything seems to be going fine in Charlie's life; nonetheless he slips further and further into an unexplainable spell of melancholy.  The ending of the book was so unexpected it gave me chills.  It was as real as if it had happened to my best friend.  This is a must-read for any age, a true masterpiece.
B00003CXA6|5.0|Why do I give Gettysburg 5 stars?  Here's why: <br /> 1.  This is one of the few films that really stays true to the novel it was based upon (The Killer Angels) - the directors and writers do take a little leeway, but it is very minimal, and I applaud them for sticking to the book.<br /> 2.  The acting and the screenplay in this film really give the viewer an excellent understanding of both sides, North and South, as well as several of the individual players from each side (Chamberlain and Hancock from the Union, and numerous figures from the South - Lee, Longstreet, Armistead among others).  What this accomplishes is that there is a lot of sympathy generated for both sides - even though the Southern cause is not PC today, slavery enters into the film a lot less than does simply the Southern desire for independence.  For the North, Chamberlain explains towards the beginning (to paraphrase) 'some of us came because we wanted adventure, because we thought it would be fun, others came out of a sense of duty or honor.  Others came simply because it was the right thing to do'. <br /> 3.  The cinematography and overall look of the film are very well done, especially picket's charge.  The only quible most folks seem to have is the 'phoney' beards - I admit on a few characters they do seem phoney, but most seem to be pretty good - and the film certainly does not coward away from this fact - during the opening credits a photo of the actor for each major character is cross faded into a photo of the actual person. <br /> 4.  Although its probably 'dumbed down' a little, especially in the script, the movie does a good job explaining the strategies and tactics involved.  Most movies on similar subjects simply assume that the viewer is not intellegent enough to understand this and so it simply gets glossed over.  Gettysburg's only flaw here is that it goes out of its way too much to explain the strategy, as the dialogue often features the characters explaining and rather ackwardly re-explaining the tactics.  Net result is that the film seems to think that the viewers are intellegent enough to understand, but only after its drummed into their brains 5 times. <br /> 5.  The acting is first rate thoughout the film, particulary the emotions captured by the actors.  Armistead and Chamberlein in particular are very well acted by Jordan and Daniels.  I don't think anyone who has seen Gettysburg could help but get chills up and down their spine when Chamberlein calls for the bayonet charge to defend the Little Round Top and screams his call for &quot;Bayonets!&quot; at the top of his lungs.  Armistead, though, in particular steals the show in the second half of the film and has all of the most emotional lines of dialogue.  First, he illuminates the Southern cause by explaining to a British observer how all of his men are 'sons of Virginia', concluding by saying (to paraphrase, again) &quot;Go back and tell your queen, tell her that ALL of Virginia was here today&quot;.  Then he exaults his men to charge the field even though he and they know they will suffer massive casualties - &quot;Virginians!  Virginians!  For your lands!  For your homes!  For your sweethearts!  For your wives!  For Virginia!  Forward, march!&quot;  As the charge gets pinned down to spur his men on he steps forward into the fire and screams &quot;Virginians!  Who will come with me?&quot;, stabbing his sword through his hat and pointing it forward to show the way as he surges forward.  But, without doubt the most emotional and best line comes as he is lying wounded at the Union position - particularly since this is the film's best moment in capturing the real tragedy of the civil war - that it was fought brother against brother and friend against friend. Having previously explained through a couple of scenes how he and union General Hancock were best of friends before the war, he asks if he can be allowed to speak to Hancock.  When he is told that Hancock, too, has been wounded,the devestation that the real Armistead probably would have felt is captured perfectly as he emotionaly cries out in obvious physical and emotional pain &quot;No!  Not both of us!  Not ALL of us!  Please, God!&quot;   <br /> Gettysburg is not without its flaws - it probably doesn't really capture everything that went on at the battle, its a bit long at 4+ hours and starts out quite slowly, and the music is overly dramatic in some places and poorly edited in in others - but its positive aspects more than make up for this, which is why I strongly recommend this film to anyone who loves great cinema.
0893815233|5.0|POSSIBLY MY FAVORITE BOOK! I carry this book with me everywhere I go. I bring it with me on two-day trips. It's ridiculous. Sally Mann is an incredible photographer and in this book, contrary to previous criticism, she photographs her children in DECENT and human, natural poses (nudity reigns, but tastefully so). She is by far my favorite photographer and, as a photo major in college, constantly cures me of those dreaded uninspired days of my life. Every time I flip through this book, I'm crazed with new ideas and inspiration. Not to mention awe.
B00003CXFG|4.0|Most of the Sci-Fi titles that never get to the theater (or leave the theater quickly) are standard B-fare with ho-hum effects, unimaginative directing, a carbon-copy script and dismal casting and acting. &quot;Pitch Black&quot; is not one of those. I rented the VHS version on a busy night when nothing 'good' was left. The next day, I ordered the unrated DVD...without owning a DVD player yet!! The visual impact of this film is startling, especially when you consider there was little-to-no publicity for it. The opening crash scene is world-class in it's effects and artistry. And the rest of the film's first half (the daylight hours) is a visual feast mated to a good cast of lesser-knowns and a neat plot. Once the sun sets, it takes on a more 'shot-in-studio' feel, but still moves along, maintaining interest despite the very &quot;Aliens&quot;-meets-&quot;Gilligan's Island&quot; overtones. Keep your big-budget stars and overblown productions. Here's how to do it it right, for less. GIVE ME MORE OF THIS!!
B0000029DD|5.0|I'm on the verge of buying my third copy of Grace; I carry this album with me everywhere and have played it so often that I've already gone through two cds! By far, my most precious album. I'm just one of the thousands of others who have been moved so dearly by Jeff's music. So few people have heard of him, and he deserves so much more attention than what he had while he was alive! Fellas, the perfect emotional album to play for your gal. Buy it; he'll leave some stars in your belly :) * * * * *
0446608955|5.0|It may be the title of this novel that catches your eye, but this novel can change the way you look at a person after you read it. This novel teaches the readers very important lesson about life. It is that don't judge people by their appearance, but look for who they are inside. The story is  about a young man who fell in love with the kind of a girl he would have never thought he'll fall in love with, and she taught him how to love and the joy and pain of living. This young man's life changed forever and he was able to look at his life in a new perspective. Nicholas Sparks introduces the book by saying, &quot;First you will smile, and then you will cry&quot;. A Walk to Remember is sweet story about first true love that can touch your heart, and leave you with tears. This will be a story you might never forget!
0684847248|3.0|I really enjoyed the first half of this book, and recommend it to anyone.  The first chapters discuss the need for a person to accept responsibility for his or her situation if they are to have a healthy mental life.  The next few chapters deal with love, and the differences between real, meaningful love and its false analogs such as puppy love and dependency.<br />As the book went on, however, it grew more about spirituality, and less about psychology.  While not dead-wrong in his reasonings, I do feel Peck would have been better served to stick with his strengths.  The arguments in the second half of the book have been done before, and in far more convincing a manner than Peck delivers.<br />Overall, this book is average - though the first half would rate at least four stars.  If you are at all considering seeing a psychologist and want to know what you would be commiting yourself to, the investment of a few dollars and hours this book requires is well worth it.
630289915X|5.0|It was quite hard nowadays to pick a movie that is truly great simply on it's own merits. Terminator 2, E.T., Star Wars perhaps...not that many, and even these have questionable taste and messages to the viewer. But there is one movie that is beyond question, a truly great film,&quot;It's a Wonderful Life&quot;. If you like the original recording on VHS, you'll love the DVD version. A must have for all your friends and family to cherish for all time.
B00000JCB2|1.0|Re-aranged and Break stuff are the only really good songs on the whole alblum. N2gehter now and Nokkie are ok, and it sounds as though a good 20 minutes was invested into writing the filler for rest of the alblum. The four singles, which are mentioned above, are the only songs that sound as though any effort was really put into at all.
B00000DLVA|2.0|I bought this album for one song, and as it turns out, that one song is the only thing that would prevent this disc from being a good tabletop coaster.  Erase/Rewind is a really great song.  It has a great mood, riff, melody; it all just flows beautifully.  The rest of the album, however, is rather boring.  It all sounds like &quot;filler&quot; just to make the effort a full-length album.  They would have been better off just releasing an EP or a single of Erase/Rewind and left out the crap that surrounds the song on Gran Turismo.  If you are like I was and are considering this CD just because of Erase/Rewind, don't bother.  Find a single or get the Thirteenth Floor DVD (good movie, also has the song's video).  If you are a new fan of the Cardigans and absolutely love their other stuff, you'll probably like this just for who recorded it.
B00004SCX6|1.0|Britney Spears is the ultimate example of image-over-content. The title track is the only even remotely good song on the whole alblum, the rest of it is so cheesy it gives me a headache. And being a huge Rolling Stones fan, you probably know what I think of her cover of Satisfaction.
0060977493|4.0|Arundhati Roy has created a masterfully framed novel in which she explores the inner-emotions and events of an unconventional Indian family.  Victims of circumstance, the individual members are forced to return home to each other and find that they no longer are a part of the society in which they live.  Assumed to be living out the curses of the generations past, the twins the novel is centered around try to come to grips with the life they had led.  Roy spins the story through flashbacks keeping the reader enthralled throughout the entire book.  Piece-by-Piece the story of the forsaken family is revealed as Roy creates the setting through her wonderfully descriptive words.  Roy uses her poetic talents to narrate a story so simple, and yet so intricate the reader's mind will be challenged.  If nothing else, Arundhati Roy created a novel that most would enjoy.
B00003CXDG|5.0|this is a great movie it has a lot of twists and turns in this movie so dont leave for a second. it has great scenes like the chase and when tom goes to save the girl. this is better than the first one and tom has a break through performance in this movie . it is about a drug that will kill if infected. but there is a cure that is hard to get.
B000002C2E|5.0|Some other reviewers have attacked Dylan's voice, one saying that his voice was on its last legs. News flash: Bob Dylan's singing voice was never his strongest asset. He's not Van Morrison when it comes to vocal excellence, but I challenge you to find a better lyricist in the history of rock/folk/pop music.  To attack Bob's voice after all these years is like returning a Christmas gift because you hated the wrapping paper! Dylan's gift, his strength, has always been his lyrics, emotion and delivery. Time Out Of Mind is a very good addition to any Dylan collection. Producer Daniel Lanois deserves much praise for getting this much out of Bob at this stage of his life and career. There are two overwhelmingly powerful tracks. They are Love Sick &amp; Not Dark Yet. Bob Dylan is reflecting on his life throughout Time Out Of Mind. Where he may once have been an idealist(though I would tend to disagree), he is very much the realist on this one. These are songs of loss, mortality, plausible love &amp; maturity. It was produced with smoothness, but the necessary roughness was left intact. The roughness is where the sincerity comes from. It has blues roots, though the songs wander through other styles. It's also nice to hear that Dylan is not straying from his vocal range. I don't generally respect the Grammy people, but they did their job when they nominated Bob for three Grammys(including best album of the year).<br /> At just over 72 minutes, you certainly get your money's worth with Time Out Of Mind. There are only 1-3 songs that threaten to bore. Musicians include Bucky Baxter(acoustic guitar/pedal steel), Duke Robillard(guitar), Robert Britt(acoustic &amp; electric guitar), Winston Watson(drums), Cindy Cashdollar(slide guitar), Tony Garnier(bass), Auggie Meyers(organ, accordian), Jim Dickinson(keyboards, piano, organ), Jim Keltner(drums), David Kemper(drums), Brian Blade(drums), Tony Mangurian(percussion), Dylan(guitar, harmonica, piano), Daniel Lanois(guitar, mandolin).I know that list might seem excessive, but it gives you an idea of both the talent and the instrumentation. The songs are brooding and moody for the most part.<br /> Time Out Of Mind can fall in line behind Blonde On Blonde, Bringing It All Back Home, Highway 61 Revisited, Blood On The Tracks, Street Legal, Freewheelin', The Times They Are A Changin', Another Side Of Bob Dylan...but not too terribly far behind underrated efforts like Oh Mercy &amp; Infidels.. It is an excellent album, the best of the 90's(easily). It's just a shame you can't sample Not Dark Yet at the top of this page. I'm not sure what Dylan has left in him, but I'm quite thankful that he gave us this.<br />p.s.- Just heard and thoroughly enjoyed Love &amp; Theft.  Saw Bob in Nashville 11/3/01...great band, great set, great show.  Check him out if you get a chance.  He is not done!
B000002MIY|5.0|&quot;Something new<br /> From Charlie Tokyo<br /> It's a kind of pyramid<br /> With a human heart<br /> Beating on an iron grid&quot;<br /><br /> ....from Snowbound<br /><br />&quot;Kamakiriad&quot; is comprised of eight inter-related noir stories &amp; tall tales in which our &quot;hero&quot; takes a mythic drive down the East Coast (with a sidetrip to a city resembling Montreal). His mode of transport is a &quot;Kamakiri,&quot; the Scottish/Balinese insulated hybrid, high tech vehicle complete with hydroponic garden &amp; coffee machine. Early on, he rescues a female crash survivor with great gams &amp; picks up his own Dad in suburbia. His hopes are epic. But his venial flaws of character have tragic implications. He's not attempting to get home; he's looking for one &quot;Deep in the zone by cryin' time.&quot;<br />From that point on the trip is pretty much an emotional descent into the fading seaside towns of Cape Sincere, Self-pity City, Guilt Beach &amp; Lake Nostalgia. By the end of the second cut, our narrator is already being dissed by a woman under the influence of a Countermoon, which nearly paraphrases Raymond Chandler's description of the Santa Ana winds.<br />&quot;Springtime&quot; carries the empty promises of spring break into paunchy middle age. The only respite comes from the lovely &quot;Snowbound&quot; (co-written with Becker), when our hardy Traveler announces, &quot;Let's sleep in today, wake me up when the wolves come out to play.&quot;<br />&quot;Hey Nineteen&quot; makes way for the &quot;Girls of Tomorrow (which I heard in a supermarket at 3 am a couple of nights ago);&quot; icy creatures who despise receding hairlines, landing on the white beaches of New Jersey. If you've ever been to the Jersey shore in July, you've seen these aliens.<br />Is this a Steely Dan album? Let's look at the evidence. Walter Becker produces the slick veneer, co-writes one song &amp; contributes a few tasty guitar licks. But the remainder is all Donald Fagen; rhythm arrangements, superbly boppish horn charts, music, lyrics, concept. Although it &quot;sounds&quot; like a Dan project, that's just a ruse, a way for Fagen to distance himself from some very personal writing. But no layers of production can disguise the nakedness of Fagen's voice during &quot;On the Dunes,&quot; or temper the melancholy of the long, instrumental tag. Indeed, the &quot;wailin' combo&quot; at the Teahouse on Bleak Street begins to look good, given the outside trombone solo by Birch Johnson that closes the suite.<br />&quot;Kamakiriad&quot; ended a decade of silence by Fagen &amp; revived his creative relationship with Becker. Listen closely &amp; repeatedly &amp; you'll hear a poet unburdening himself here with great subtlety.<br />Bob Rixon, WFMU
0446608955|1.0|I struggle hard to find a good story to read.  Too many are filled with vulgarity, immorality - graphically described, and too much violence.  This one caught me off guard.  It has compassion.  It has a very deep morality.  It reminded me so much of what I have ahead of me in building the hearts of my children.<br />Recommend it?  You bet! <br />Not just for those who love romance, but for those who have teens to guide and really enjoy good literature.
B00003CXDU|5.0|I don't know why, but I didn't see this movie until after it had come out on video.  I certainly missed out on seeing it on the big screen.  It was by NO MEANS a masterpiece, but being a 'Trekkie' myself, it was easy to see the obvious similarities to Star Trek and how SOME (but by no means all) of the fans practically see the show as REALITY.  Not just funny, but if you consider yourself a pretty hard-nosed Trek fan, you will either find it hilarious or an incredible insult.<br />Tim Allen is absolutely PERFECT as the Captain from a Sci-Fi series from I would guess the late 70's to early 80's.  Since the cancellation of the series, he as well as the rest of the major characters from the series are herded from one sci-fi convention to another for a chance to sign autographs for the fans of the show that are, let's face it: so INTO it that they have memorized entire episodes and come dressed as their favorite characters.  These folks lives pretty much revolve around this show, and those who acted IN it.  But like the loveable James T. Kirk, Tim Allen is despised by the other actors because of his arrogance towards the supporting characters and nobody is more surprised than he when honest-to-goodness aliens arrive seeking help from him and his crew to save their entire civilization.<br />This group of advanced aliens are gentle, peace-loving squid-like creatures that have intercepted 'Galaxy Quest' as it was broadcast and went beyond the reaches of our Solar System and<br />being naive as they are, actually believe this TV series to be the REAL THING--even more so than the most hard-core TV fan on earth.  They ACTUALLY believe that the crew will assist them to battle an enemy who wants to destroy our peace-loving squids, well decimate the entire race, actually.  It all is full of laughs and incredible situations which they amazingly escape from (just like the characters from the TV show...imagine THAT!) and with tongue planted firmly in cheek 'Galaxy Quest' never takes itself too seriously.  If you are a Trekkie, you are in for a real treat.  If you just casually enjoy sci-fi movies, you should get a kick outta this...but if you totally dislike these kinds of films, you may want to check out something else--but I STILL think its worth a look.  All in all a fantastic and funny romp through the Universe.s itself too seriously.  If you are a Trekkie, you are in for a real treat.  If you just casually enjoy sci-fi movies, you should get a kick outta this...but if you totally dislike these kinds of films, you may want to check out something else--but I STILL think its worth a look.  All in all a fantastic and funny romp through the Universe.
B000001Y5J|5.0|This far from broken, this album is incredible. Relitively short because you do not want it to end. After years of listening to NIN the albums just become part of you and this was the first part for me. Although this is an industrial styled album, don't be fooled, anyone with a open mind to music will find genious in this album.
B0000026NC|3.0|I heared the album before i saw the video, which i had just bought, and i came to realize the video is better. It has better and a few more songs than the album, and the light &amp; laser FX are awsome!(but not as good as PULSE's) The backing band members such as Jon Carin (keyboards;vocals), Gary Wallice (percussion), Tim Wrenwick (guitars; vocals), Guy Pratt (bass;vocals), Scott Page (sax), and the 3 backing vocals, you can tell, are having a blast performing with David Gilmour (lead guitars &amp; vocals), Nick Mason (percussion), and Richard Wright (Keyboards; vocals)!  Well...based on this review, I should do one for the DSOT video, as well. Anyway...I recommend the video 'just' a little bit over the album.
B000001EXR|5.0|I feel this is one of the best Kiss albums out there today, and why shouldn't it be? Kiss changed their style on this album, which a lot of their fans hated, but let me ask you, If all the fans hated the album so much, how can you call them real fans? I thought fans we're suppose to stand behind a band, no matter if they make an awful album, or a good album. Ok, so it isn't &quot;Destroyer&quot;, Or &quot;Love Gun&quot;, Etc. I'm glad it isn't any of those, because as far as I'm conserned, Kiss needed a change for a long time, and needed to quit singing about how many girls they could sleep with in one night, etc. I really don't care about the sexual life Of Gene Simmons Or Paul Stanley...I'll I want is good music, and I got It on this album. Too bad &quot;Psycho Circus&quot; wasn't the same way.
B000002C1W|5.0|This album is basiclly the first Floyd album without Roger Waters. It turned out alot better that most people expected. It has a good set of songs that were written by Gilmour, Mason, and Wright. The best songs are 'Signs of Life','Learning to Fly','One Slip','On The Turning Away', and 'Sorrow'. I would recomend this album to any Floyd fan who dose not have Momentary Lapse Of Reason. Buy It As Soon As Possible!
6304508611|4.0|I didn't think CARRIE was a bad movie, but it wasn't anything like the book.  Carrie's rage had built up and overflowed into telekintetic powers, mostly by her mother's beyond-eccentric Pentecostal religious beliefs and her schoolmate's cruel humiliation.   Carrie slowly but surely rebells, and her telekinetic powers completely exhaust themselves during the final showdown of planned humiliation.  Again, it was not a bad movie, but was somewhat short of phenomonal by todays standards.  I also reccomend THE RAGE: CARRIE 2, and FIRESTARTER.
B000002A3T|3.0|This album, I think, was just a kind of 'sequal' to 'Momentary Lapse Of Reason'. I think Gilmour TRIED to outshine MLOR with 'The Division Bell'. There are only a few good songs on this album;'What Do You Want From Me?','Marooned','Keep Talking'...and thats about it. But, if you like PF albums with this kind of taste, thats you. But...I can't turn this album down THAT much...I mean, the 'PULSE-Live' tour the band did prior to this album was cool. Otherwise...it's YOUR opinion.
B000002JS8|5.0|I am a lifelong AC/DC fan, and have all of their CD's.  I do not, however, have any of the remastered versions.  Are they worth it?  Is the sound difference worth me buying these versions of the CD?   Thanks.
B000002C1V|1.0|Two words....'ABSOLUTLY BORING'!!!
0767853636|1.0|First off, I would like to make it clear that the 1 star rating is for the DVD, not for the film, which I would give 4 stars. I would like to warn anybody out there who is planning to purchase the DVD of this film that there is a major problem in the framing of the widescreen version.  Throughout the film, there is a starnge electronic &quot;zooming&quot; that often causes viewer to lose picture on all four sides of the image!  This is apparent in many of the shots of the film...  Although, this problem lies only in the widescreen version, and that people purchasing the disc for the pan and scan version will experience no problems.  Just felt I should let everyone know that.
B00003CXE7|5.0|&quot;Husband to a murdered wife, father to a murdered son and I will have my revenge&quot; So take that bad guy!<br />This was the message delivered by Maximus to the Emperor during the 150 day Gladitorial Games. It is this bit of dialogue from the film that has been going over and over in my mind ever since. On the whole it's not an emotional film, which I found quite surprising, but if you like action and you're a lover of history (without casting too much of a critical eye on the accuracy of the history), then you'll love it! The special effects are brilliant and the storyline is good for what could potentially be a very boring film in the hands of the wrong director.<br />The only complaint I had having seen the DVD, was that they left out a couple of really good scenes, which would have completed the film quite nicely.
0399146369|2.0|I have been a Patricia Cornwell fan for many years.  One of the things I always loved about her character, Kay Scarpetta, was her relationship with Dino.  This new book, The Last Precinct, should be a last.... Where is the loving, loyal Kay?  This one is mean, heartless and whines, whines, whines.....Poor Dino can do nothing to please her.  His gruff demeanor, which was once written with such love, has become vendictive.  Ms. Cornwell's lesbian lifestyle is well known, but when did she become a &quot;man-hater&quot;? She disappoints all of her longtime fans with this book which portrays Dino as an olf, Lucy as a rich quitter and Kay as an unfocus wretch. Please Ms Cornwell, write a book which reflects the talent of your earlier works.....
B000031XCR|1.0|I think the CIA should use &quot;All by myself&quot; as a means to extract information from enemy agents. They would break after about 5 seconds. But that is not the only suicide-inducing ditty on this CD, that would be too easy. Someone should tell Celine that her 15 minutes of fame are up, stop milking it already!
0060930187|5.0|The Bell Jar, by Slvia Plath, is a somewhat autobiography of the author's life. To begin the book we meet Esther, an aspiring author who gets a chance to go to New York to work on a magazine. While in New York, Esther realizes the phoniness of the people around her and that she has serious problems dealing with society as a whole. Esther in a downward spiral of dispair and confusion, takes a whole bottle of sleeping pills. Having survived from her overdose Esther is admitted to a mental institution where she is forced to discover her true self, and remove the bell jar that is suffocating her. Sylvia, the author, does an amazing job portraying Esther's raw emotions and inner desires. This is a wonderful book for anyone who liked The Catcher in the Rye, and Girl Interuppted. The Bell Jar has the same pesimistic attitude toward  society. Slylvia is a great author with many classics under her belt and this is yet another to add to the list.
B00000F1D3|1.0|Cher's vocal talents are marginal at best, maybe its all that plastic surgery. There is NOTHING on this CD worth listening to, pure garbage. If I hear &quot;Believe&quot; one more time.....
0226039331|5.0|Like the the biblical pearl of great price, the only advice I can give is,&quot;Go sell all that you have&quot; and get this newest edition of the venerable Bauer, Arndt, Gingrich, and Danker! This edition includes much longer definitions rather than the simple glosses that have been used by the previous two editions. The typography has been greatly improved and it makes this edition much more user-friendly. Frederick Danker is worthy of the kudoes that will be coming his way in his magisterial revision of this  indispensable tool for any minister, seminarian, theological student, professor, teacher or Biblical scholar. This will be standard Greek lexicon for the next two decades. Even if you have BAGD, you'll want ot get this edition (now known as BDAG). The improvements alone are worth the purchase price.
B000002J1B|5.0|Get ready for the superlatives! Relayer is not only one of the greatest contributions by Yes to their own superb catalog, it is also one of the most interesting and exciting albums I have ever had the pleasure of listening to. Being only 22, I was not even thought of in the days when this album was released, but I am a huge Yes fan and consider Relayer to be beyond comparison. The best 'prog' album out there. 'The Gate of Delerium' is an over the top masterpiece, showcasing the prowess of guitarist Steve Howe and replacement keyboardist Patrick Moraz in the 'battle', and the beauty of Jon Anderson's voice during the gorgeous 'Soon' coda. Their trading of solos is breathtaking, rising to levels of unadulterated ecstasy approached only by Santana in their Caravanserai/Lotus fusion era, or the mind-blowing Mahavishnu Orchestra with John McLaughlin. A fusion vibe runs rampant on this album, most notably in Moraz's electric piano sylings in 'Soundchaser'. 'Soundchaser' is a prog-fusion explosion, equal parts Yes and Brand X (check them out if you like how this song moves), which is incredibly complex while remaining intensely listenable. To round out the album, 'To Be Over' is a sweeping, lyrical Yes tune of the highest order, made even more delicately beautiful by Howe's slide guitar inflections. The only negative comment I can make about this album is that the sound quality remains somewhat muddy even with the remastering (the original must have been somewhat of a mess), but Relayer is still a 5 regardless of this. One of the greatest accomplishments of modern music. I can only hope that skeptics will someday look past the somewhat pretentious qualities of Yes and see this album in the light it truly deserves. Part of my 'Top 5' with Tool's Aenima, Genesis's Selling England By The Pound, Santana's Caravanserai, and Miles Davis's In A Silent Way (in no particular order and subject to change). Relayer is simply beyond words. Just look at the cover for a while. It's a better representation of the album than any reviewer could ever muster.
B000006NPY|4.0|This was the first SP album I bought.  I had got it when it first came out.  Before then, I had heard many Pumpkins songs, saw them on MTV, and even on the Simpsons.  So, as you might expect, this was wierd for me.  Expecting hits like Disarm, Zero, Today, Tonight Tonight, BWBW, and 1979, I got Ava Adore, Perfect, Tear, Pug, Apples + Oranges, and Behold! The Nightmare.  All blessings in disguise.  (also the best songs on the album)  Anyway, after hunting down the treasures that are Gish, Siamese Dream, MCIS, Machina and even Piscese and Aeroplane, I can truthfully say that Adore (billy's brain child) was one of the most important albums in pumpkins history. It further explored their dark, moody, yet &quot;love always prevails&quot; motif.  Pumpkin fan or not, find it, buy it, treasure it forever.  <br />(yes, 17 is quite possibly the most creepiest thing ever.  But it is also eerily beautiful.  thank you billy)
B000051VWW|2.0|In a word, yuck. With the exception of &quot;Flow,&quot; there is no Sade of yesteryear present on this CD. It's all an exploration of a new musical style, with that trademark yearning voice the only clue that you are listening to Sade. &quot;By Your Side&quot; stunned me into open-mouthed silence with its country twang; for this to be the first release is nothing short of a travesty. Next time when the group is shopping for a new sound, they would be well advised to remember that there was nothing wrong with the old one.
0451191153|5.0|Okay, so I bought this book at a whim at an airport bookstore.  I didn't know what I was getting into. The writing, plot &amp; characters are timeless, unique and all in all, outstanding. I feel as if our society &amp; times have been impacted by Ayn Rand's philosophy more than we realize. Her thoughts &amp; characters are so original and I must say that I haven't read anything like the Fountainhead. Sure, the characters are unrealistic but I believe Rand took them to the extreme to make her points. I do not profess to be or consciously follow objectivism (some of it is common sense) but her book was deep, and a thought provoker.<br />One last recommendation, do not buy the small paperback. The words are tiny and reading 700+ pages of that small print will kill your vision. Go ahead and invest in the bigger paperback, or better yet, get the hardback... it's worth it.
B000002UR7|5.0|I don't have words to express how much I love this album! It's something like the sountrack of my life! Vegetable, I can't, Thinking about you, Lurgee, You, Prove yourself, I can't... I can't choose one, every track is a masterpiece! do yourself a favor: buy it now!<br />P.S.: I agree with the other review that says that Creep is not the best song of the album. It really isnt!
B000002J29|5.0|This double-disc was recorded live during Genesis' 1976 European tour in Paris. The majority of the tracks featured here are from the Peter Gabriel years, and Phil Collins does a fine job in singing these tracks, including the tracks from the post-Gabriel era. The cream of the crop here is &quot;Supper's Ready&quot;, an astounding 24 minutes long. This live version is a tad slower than the album version, as featured on &quot;Foxtrot&quot;, but the musical styles featured in this version are superbly crafted and are a perfect compliment to Collins' vocals, as are all the songs featured on this live musical feast. It is on this 1976 tour that Genesis hired ex-Yes, King Crimson and ex-Weather Report members Bill Bruford and Chester Thompson, respectively, to handle drumming duties so Phil Collins can freely roam the stage and focus on his vocal duties. There are some songs I wish the band had included here, such as live versions of &quot;The Battle Of Epping Forest&quot; and perhaps either &quot;Stagnation&quot; or &quot;The Knife&quot;. I mean, can't you just imaging PC just singing these songs? &quot;Seconds Out&quot; is the last Genesis album featuring Steve Hackett, who left the band immediately after its release. Of all their live albums I'd recommend, it would have to be &quot;Genesis Live&quot; and this one. Any fan of this great group would have to be a fool if they dont have BOTH of these CD's in their collection. Better buy 'em now while supplies last!
B00004XONN|5.0|Does anybody know the song &quot;Radio Head&quot; in the Talking Heads' album &quot;True Stories&quot;? The lyrics in the chorus go like this: &quot;Oh, Radiohead: The sound of a brave new world...&quot; And that's what this band has become in Kid A, the sound of the New Millenium. That is nothing compared with it! The track &quot;Kid A&quot;, for me, is the best one ever made! Thank you, Thom! I'm already waiting for Amnesiac...
0688107826|3.0|The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes is a wonderful book for the open minded.  It takes you on a journey through London's city streets, throught the houses of pesents and the safes of bank owners.  You travel with Holmes on his many cases and travles.  Holmes is yet again assisted by his trusty companion Dr. Watson, who has yet to figure out Holmes' mysterious ways of going about his duty.  In the novel you can witness Sherlock going about his buisness and try to solve the cases before he does (which rarely happens).  But if you have trouble following the genious mind of Mr. Holmes he always explains how he could have possibly figured the case out.  He will also express how important it is to pay attention to details.  Holmes has the best set of eyes in London and uses them to their full potential in stopping thieves and robbers.  As you read you see holmes narrowly escape death while he magnificantly singlehandedly outsmarts all of his opponets.  His genious art of mystery is called upon by many people that range all the way from Scotland Yard in need of a priceless jewel to pesents in need of a returned goose.  He treats every case with exceptional care.<br />I personly didn't love this book like i love the Harry Potter series but it was still a respectable piece of famous literature.  I'll probably continue to read some of Sir Auther Connan Doyal's work, but not anytime soon.<br />Benjamin Boyd
B00004Z4WQ|5.0|Scary Movie is one of the funniest movie I've seen in years.
0385493622|5.0|This book indeed depicts the best moments of the historic evolution of the search for the proof of the Fermat's Last theorem. It is an excellent history book on how people - great mathematicians went on to solve the mystery of the number theory. THe contents of the book is tense from the beginning to the end, while discovering some of the greatest minds of the mathematics. Singh really goes into detail when describing every important aspect of how at the end Andrew finally made his dream come true.  Throughout this book we can learn so many great aspects of how the mathematics - number theory is build from historic time periods. The book is not only for someone who studies mathematics or number theory but can also be of great reading please for everyone. It is not highly mathematical with functions and equations, but rather all is explained at very understandable level. In the appendices we can find teh proof of the Pythagorean theorem and many more who influenced this discovery. <br />I would greatly recommend this book for everyone interested in this field and beyond.
B00000IAU3|4.0|I like this CD. Dido is a very sensual singer with a very nice overall feel to her music. I would call the production understated, but well built.  There are several songs that are just really good mellow-groovers. I LOVE 'Thank You', and 'I'm No Angel' has been playing in my car alot. 'Take My Hand' should be remixed and become a club classic (I'd love to be the one to do it). But the first song 'Here with Me' has become my album fav.<br />If I had to compare this album to more familiar ones, I'd say the vocals are akin to those of Sarah McLachlan and Everything But the Girl's Tracey Thorn. The music recalls a definite &quot;Seal feel&quot; from his second and third albums. Also, if you liked Olive's first album, Extra Virgin, you would probably be interested in this one as well, and vice-versa. Nice album. - Pushpaka
0783239955|5.0|This movie is unbelievably funny.  It's only a matter of time before it gets ruined - er, remade - in an American version.  Other reviewers have summed up the plot very well, so I won't bother - but I recommend this one even to people who don't usually watch French movies.  Just thinking about it makes me want to laugh.  And the ending is priceless.  You will want to watch this over and over again.
0553106635|5.0|If you have read the first two books of this series, then do not hesitate to read this book.  If you are new to the series, make sure you read the first two before picking this one up.<br />Martin delivers big-time with Storm of Swords.  His clear style is easy to follow and the twists and turns of the politics in his world are truly first rate.  Descriptions of places and people are vivid enough to allow the reader to picture the description, but are short enough not to distract from the ongoing story.  But the most gratifying aspect of this series is that Martin clearly has not fallen in love with any particular characters.  To say more would spoil some well-earned surprises in the story.<br />Because so much of today's fantasy consists of archetypical characters or plots, it is truly a pleasure to read an author with an original and refreshing story to tell.
6305078564|4.0|First let me say that I really enjoyed this version of P&amp;P. I liked all of the production elements within this movie. It is very good and any fan of Jane Austin's work will probably enjoy this. My only points of contention are with the casting (the aunt &amp; does Colin Firth ever smile?)and occational &quot;dumming-down&quot; of the original text. If you want a alternate version check out the 1982 version from the BBC. The sets aren't as nice but the casting and language are much more in line with the book.
B00003CXIY|5.0|This movie is so funny, better then all the other movies like it, like theres something about mary and american pie. By far the funniest movie ive ever seen. In many movies, characters go on road trips as a portion of the overall plot, like in Dumb and Dumber and theres something about mary. Argueably, the road trip portion of the film is the funniest in the entire movie. Well this movie is a non stop road trip with so many misadventures, from a car wreck to a stop at a charcters viagra infested grandfather, this movie has it all. Action, suspense, romance and comedy that puts the farrely brothers to shame.
0385484518|5.0|Honestly, I would have given it ten if I could.<br />I'll be brief and to the point.  Everyone who gripes and whines and complains about the little things that go wrong in life should read this book.  If you know of someone like that, make them read this.  I know it really made me think.<br />Mitch Albom has captured a life on paper better than no other that I have seen. &quot;Tuesdays with Morrie&quot; is heartwarming and memorable.  You will read it more than once...I guarantee it.
B000002AH9|5.0|First, let me agree with the convential wisdom that this CD is difficult to listen to at first. Second, let me agree with the convential wisdom that the reward is worth the effort. The first time I listened to this CD, I turned it off. I was trying to relax late at night, and I found Billie's voice to be harsh and grating. Billie's voice was always more emotional than beautiful, so it's no surprise that with time it only became more so. The first time this CD really captured me was a weekend morning when I finally heard the beautiful music behind Billie's voice. Like many of the great jazz vocal recordings, true appreciation only comes when you listen to the music in combination with the voice. The emotional tension created by Billie's voice is beautifully released by the string music. As a person who shies away from things you have to learn to love, let me assure you that this is a great album that does not take multiple listenings to appreciate, just the correct approach. The right approach: be relaxed before you start and concentrate on the music as much as the voice. Enjoy!
0375703764|4.0|That ought to do it.  If you like the dedication &quot;this is not for you&quot;, you are probably the kind of reader that will find this book fascinating and memorable.  If not, don't bother.  The obvious plots of this book are well-known horror themes, not worth buying this frustrating book for, and the footnotes will drive you crazy.  For me at least, the best part of this book is the plots that are barely scratched at.  Zampano's story, for instance.  What is his problem?  What started him on this path?  Did he read too many HP Lovecraft stories as a kid?  What is his deal with the classic labyrinth?  I have thought more about Zampano than anyone else in this book.  And, of course, Johnny's mother.  What an amazing character.  At the very end of everything, there she is, the single weirdest thing in the book.  Love it, will read it again in a couple of months. Keep pulling it off the shelf to look at the architectural footnotes.  This is not for you.
6305165912|5.0|This is definitely a movie to won on DVD, because unlike most movies it benefits from multiple viewings.  The humor, the poignancy and the meaning behind the film becomes more apparent the more times you watch this film, if only because of it's attention to detail in characterization and it's intricate and brilliant script.  Following along the lines of other bumbling detective yarns like Charles Bukowski's &quot;Pulp&quot; and Jon Hammer's graphic novel &quot;The Drowned Girl&quot;, this story revolves around the circumstances that throw Jeff Bridge's laconic &quot;Dude&quot; in the middle of a bizzare kidnapping and ransom case.  As the plot unwinds, the central mystery of the the kidnapping becomes unimportant; one's attention is drawn to the strange cast of characters who float effortlessly in and out of the Dude's life as he gets more an mroe wrapped up.<br />Essentially a flawless film, without the awkward and grim brutality of a film like &quot;Fargo&quot;.  For some reason this movie is often overlooked when talking about great films of the 90's, or even great films of the Coen brothers!  Like the equally brilliant &quot;Hudsucker Proxy&quot;, a brilliant film that defies categorization but is absorbing and amusing.
B00003CXDG|1.0|Never one to be close-minded, I expose myself to all sorts of movies.  I really do enjoy action movies when they are done well and have an interesting story line to go with them. MI2, however, does not fall into the aforementioned category.  The characters were flat and bland.  When Cruise's female love interest injected herself with the virus, I frankly could have cared less if she was rescued (not that I ever was at the edge of my seat with suspense as to how it would turn out - that was sooo obvious) or not.<br />As for action, I wasn't even impressed with that.  The beginning opens with Cruise's rock climbing scene, which was panoramically impressive.  After that, however, there is little, if any, action until the very last portion of the movie.  Since the story was so inane, I would have at least expected more action sequences.  Instead, the movie bombards the viewer with lack luster dialogue and plotting.<br />If you want to see a really great, action packed flick, I strongly suggest X-Men or Gladiator.  X-Men is non-stop fun with interesting characters that you both want to see more of and care about.  Plus, X-Men's Hugh Jackman gives a great performance - I strongly suspect that he will follow in the footsteps of his other Australian predecessors, Mel Gibson and Russel Crowe, which in turn leads me to segway into Gladiator.  This is a movie of epic scale that manages to be emotionally uplifting while at the same time satisfying even the most carnage-craved fanatic.<br />My suggestions - skip MI2 and go buy either X-Men or Gladiator, both of which I gave 5 stars.  If you still need a strictly action-based flick, however, I suggest The World is Not Enough - you can't go wrong with Bond - that is James Bond.
B00004TH83|5.0|Her voice is passionte and powerful, Mariah Carey wishes she could hit the high notes that Lara Fabian hits, as in &quot;I Will Love Again&quot;, You Are My Heart, Adagio, Yeliel, I Am What I Am and &quot;To Be A Part of Me&quot;. Those are the songs that definitely stand out, but overall there isn't a bad cut on this album, if there was ever a voice made for the sound quality of Compact Disks that voice belongs to Lara Fabian
6305263248|5.0|Ronin is one of the best action films out there and that has a lot to do with the intelligence and attention to detail that was involved with every element. <br />However, I only discovered my favorite feature of this DVD the other night when we realized we had never watched the Director's commentary.  John Frankenheimer delivered an incredibly informative narrative, really getting down to the nitty-gritty of technical aspects of creating a film.  He discussed film processing techniques, working with local governmental jurisdictions in France, specific editing and framing techniques, just to name a few. He also covered his overall vision for the movie and it was evident that this was a film in which he takes great pride.  These insights were not only incredibly engaging in the context of this particular film, but taught me new things about the nuts and bolts of the film industry.  Other reviewers have said that the DVD does not contain enough extra materials, but Frankenheimer's commentary was much more worth my time than any European trailer edits.   <br />As for the film itself....The acting is crazy good (c'mon, DeNiro and Jean Reno!! not to mention everyone else on screen) The chase scenes are some of the best out there (though some of the tension is lost on viewers not aquainted with the ridiculously narrow streets of Europe). Also,unlike many other action movies, the plot is complex enough to keep my interest instead of only providing interludes between gunfire. As for the specific story line: if you haven't seen it, don't waste time expecting me to give you the Cliff Notes! Get the DVD!
B00004ZAV3|4.0|I purchased this album not too long ago. It appears that    all of the songs on it are on the same format of another     Beatles Greatest Hits album; I just can't recall the name of     it. While there are no surprises here, I would have thought    there would have been other songs included on here like     'Norwegian Wood', 'Please Please Me', 'Revolution', and    'With A Little Help (From My Friends)'. I thought these     songs would have been #1's too, but obviously, I wasn't     around then! Anyways, I still enjoy listening to the Beatles    music, and even though I've heard all of these songs before,    I felt compelled to purchase it. There are so many good,     catchy songs here you will feel like singing along to it,    and you won't tire of listening to the album. There are simple    songs like 'Can't Buy Me Love' to the more intricate,    complex melodies like 'All You Need Is Love'. Although John     and Paul did much of the lead singing, there is at least 1    song each from George ('Something') and Ringo ('Yellow     Submarine') in this collection. The Beatles legacy and musical    dominance of the 1960's will live on forever, even if many of     us (such as myself) were born after they had already broken     up.
B000000Y59|5.0|Much has been written about the Bill Evan's genius, and this album is an early document of it.  <br />His interpretations of standards are superb, always (like Ella Fitzgerald) gracefully capturing the essence of the song.  And his two compositions are classic examples of Evans's poignant, elegant approach.<br />I think album is most special because of the unique relationship between Evans and bassist Scott Lefaro.  Their 'musical conversation' on &quot;Autumn Leaves&quot; goes way beyond traditional soloing.  Lefaro's playing here cannot be overstated, and I think he solos as well (or better) as any bassist of his generation.  Who knows what his contributions could have been if it wasn't for his untimely death.
0679745653|4.0|For those of you who has seen the movie but have not read the book, don't assume that they are both identical.  Audrey Hepburn had done a marvelous job in portraying Holly Golightly.  But the deep complexity of her characters are explained more in detail in the novel.<br />Truman Capote had done a splendid job creating Holly Golightly, who is the charming, witty, and the protagonist of the novel.  Throughtout the novel, she stuggles to find her place, her Tiffany's, the place where she could belong.<br />The novel may seem a bit complex to understand, but once you grasp what Capote is portraying, it is a delight to read the novel.
B00004W3MS|3.0|I guess I'll be the lone dissenting voice.  Sigur Ros have a unique approach to music, and there was so much potential to produce something great here.  The end result, however, is heavy-handed, overwrought, plodding and forced.  I wanted to like this CD so much, but it's just too bogged down in its own juices to be taken seriously.<br />There are some nice moments on Agaetis Byrjun. The opening track, in particular, is quite lovely.  I've heard that their first release, Von (not available here in the States), is much more diverse and less self-involved.  Maybe it would be worth tracking down a copy of that CD for comparison.
B00003CX8I|3.0|X-men was a good movie with good actors, and great special affects. However, several things were missing, that should have been included, especially if a second one is to be made. The first thing being, is that when Rogue first joined the x-men, she already had the ability to fly and had super strength.She got this from absorbing it permanently from Ms.Marble, but the way the story was written I don't see how in a second x-men she will obtain this power.It would also be pointless to make a movie with her in it witout having the power, because it takes away from her character. The second thing that should have been included in the movie, was that when wolverine and sabretooth were first introduced, they did not know who each other was. That's wrong, because when he was being tested on by the government, he knew sabretooth who was also being tested on.This takes away from the movie, the fact that they are rivals. The third thing I think is that the movie should have had more fighting scenes, and the ones that were in the movie should have lasted longer. I also think that Mystique and the other bad mutants, besides magneto, should have had more than 1 line of dialogue, that just wasn't reasonable. Finally, I think that in the fight scenes there should have been more effort to make it group on group battles between the good and bad mutants, rather than the one on one battles that occured. It made it less interesting, and the fight scenes occured slower, like when Wolverine fought Mystique, it seemed like he really wasn't fighting like he should have been since he's fast.These are the things that really would have made the movie great, and I think more fans would have been into it and liked it a lot better. Some hints for the next x-men is to include some of this.
B000001FE0|5.0|This is hands down the best Bee Gees album.  It once wasn't so easy to skip through songs when they were on vinyl.  On CD, I find that this is one of the least &quot;skipped through&quot; albums that I own.  In fact, it wins the prize as being the first CD I have ever had to replace because of wear and tear!   I know the impact that the Beatles had on music of this era, but they never did anything this good.  What distinguishes the Bee Gees is the color, depth, emotion and diversity that marks their songs.  Odessa is a prime example of that.
0553213105|5.0|I have just finished reading Pride and Prejudice for the second time, and I liked it even more the second time around.  (I daresay I might like it even more on a third or fourth reading.)  Contrary to some of the reviews I've been reading, it's not just about five shallow young women trying to find husbands with the help of their annoying mother.  Sure, some of the young women get married by the end, and the romance of Elizabeth and Mr. Darcy is very diverting, but that's not the whole point of the story.  For the most part, it deals with the observations of the author, as well as those of Elizabeth and, on a smaller scale, Mr. Bennet.  There is social commentary on the ideas of class that many people of that era held so dearly, and the way some of them behaved to get the results they desired, regardless of whom they hurt.  Pride and Prejudice also pokes fun at human frailty and absurdity, which, I believe, crosses the boundaries of time.  I found myself laughing out loud at some points at the behavior of the minor characters and how some of the major characters reacted to it.  Most importantly, there is a lesson to be learned: how a good person can overcome his or her first impressions, his or her pride and prejudice, and get to know the real heart and soul of the person.  As some other reviewers have said, the enjoyment of this novel is in the journey, not the ultimate ending.<br />I think those who called it boring more likely found the slightly antiquated and verbose language a bit too difficult to follow.  I will admit I was a bit daunted by it at the beginning, but once I got into the flow of the novel, I realized it wasn't that hard.  One thing that really helped me get into the novel (which I highly recommend) was watching the excellent 1995 A&amp;E/BBC adaptation before reading it.  By doing that, I knew what was going to happen and could pay more attention to the inner workings of the novel, the commentary.  As I read, I found myself really enjoying the language (rather than hoping for a translator to appear) and wishing I could argue as eloquently as Elizabeth and Mr. Darcy seemed to do.<br />I highly recommend this book to anyone who loves a sharp, acerbic commentary on the absurdity of human nature, and I wish those who gave it one or two stars would give it another try.
B000051VWW|5.0|I am in agreement with most of these reviews. Sade embodies femininity, soulful sensibilities, and most of a human softness that contradicts what is popular in music today. She is truly an artist of the highest caliber. She conyinues to add music that have politically conscious undertones.  I recommend her music to everyone.
0446310786|5.0|To Kill a Mockingbird was an very marvelous and entertaining book.  The book is told through the eyes of a 5 year old name Scout Finch who lost her mother and lives with her brother Jem, and father Atticus. This is a wonderful novel with a great plot and many little events that go on around the man plot.  Harper Lee uses very good time and setting for this book. The time is 1930's and Scout is 5 and Jem is 12.  There father, who they call by his first name, is a lawyer who takes care of Scout and Jem all by himself till his sister moves in to help.  Atticus is a very moral man and a good father to his children.  back in the 30's racism was every where and especially in the town of Maycomb.  Maycomb is where they live and where the play.  Atticus is put in charge of a very difficult  case that involves a black man who is accused of rape.  Atticus has to defend this black man against Bob Ewell, who is a very mean cruel individual.  Most of the town is for the white man just for the fact that he is white.  The town is against Atticus because he is representing a black man.  This novel is great display of how the world is today and shows the qualities of good and bad individuals.  THis is a wonderful book that I recommend to everyone.  I give it 5 stars.
B000002L9M|5.0|The thing that's always impressed me the most about Depeche Mode is their ability to take chances and to experiment with the format of the pop song - both with their lyrics and their music -over the course of their career.  On certain albums, such as &quot;Some Great Reward&quot; and &quot;Black Celebration,&quot; their experimentation, their risks, pay off with brilliant dividends.  What seems like an incoherent mess of ideas on paper - the occasional odd industrial clanging set against Gahan's vocals - yields beautifully emotional music on recordings. I've always liked Gore's lyrics - he writes lyrics that read like the thoughts that have crossed everybody's minds, and makes them come across like unconventional yet entirely true poetry.  That's as evident on &quot;Black Celebration&quot; as on any of their releases.  <br />&quot;A Question of Lust&quot; and &quot;Here is the House&quot; are lovely, frank ruminations on love and relationships; &quot;Stripped&quot; shows off the true power of David Gahan's vocals and the ability of this &quot;synth-pop&quot; band to write intense, gripping music; the &quot;I don't care how you feel!&quot; sample recorded in the otherwise bleak &quot;Fly on the Windscreen&quot; may be the band's sense of humor in light of detractors who moan at what they consider the self-indulgent tendencies of the band.  The music itself may not be as hard-hitting as contemporaries such as Ministry, but over the course or repeated listens the combination of the music and lyrics creates a powerful, thought-provoking mix.
6303921248|5.0|About four years ago, I had to read Pride and Prejudice for a college class.  I must admit, I was not the most diligent student.  Fortunately, the professor showed this mini-series in class, one tape per class period, at the same time we were supposed to be reading it.  After watching the third or fourth tape in class, my younger sister (who was also in the class) and I decided that we couldn't wait for the next few classes to see the end, so we bought the whole set and watched the rest of it that same day.  Even more importantly, I loved the mini-series so much that I actually WANTED to read the book.<br />This adaptation is a joy to watch, even after repeated viewings.  Whenever I start watching it, I can't stop until I've watched all six tapes, and I'm sad when it's over.  The settings are lush and beautiful; the costumes, fantastic; the music, gorgeous.  The script stays very close to the spirit of the book and retains much of Austen's original dialogue, and the dialogue that has been added for dramatic purposes fits right in with Austen's.  The direction breathes life into the words on the page.<br />As for the acting, it was superb.  To me, Jennifer Ehle and Colin Firth ARE Elizabeth Bennet and Mr. Darcy, lifted right out of the pages of the book.  David Bamber is especially good as Mr. Collins (can you imagine anyone more obsequious?).  Notable performances are also given by Benjamin Whitrow as the eccentric and witty Mr. Bennet, Julia Sawalha as the very irresponsible Lydia, Susannah Harker as the good-hearted Jane, Crispin Bonham-Carter as the amiable Mr. Bingley, Anna Chancellor as the snobbish Miss Bingley, Barbara Leigh-Hunt as the &quot;condescending&quot; Lady Catherine de Bourgh, and Alison Steadman as the obnoxious Mrs. Bennet.  Everyone did a wonderful job, from the smallest walk-on to the largest role!  Perhaps it's the effect of seeing the mini-series at the same time I first read the book, but I envision these actors in their respective roles whenever I read the book.  On second thought, I think this mini-series, and all the actors in it, are just THAT good!<br />(On a side note:  some reviewers have called Alison Steadman's performance annoying and over-the-top.  I thought so, too, until I re-read the book and realized that she's supposed to be like that.  She constantly causes embarrassment to Jane and Elizabeth, and there's a reason why Mr. Bennet spends so much time in his library!  The end of the book mentions that Jane and Mr. Bingley remain at Netherfield only a year before they move away, stating that, &quot;So near a vicinity to her mother and Meryton relations was not desirable even to his easy temper, or her affectionate heart.&quot;)<br />I recently watched the mini-series again, and I felt compelled to read the book all over again.  I enjoyed both experiences immensely.  The mini-series is a nice companion and lead-in to the book.  I was not used to the somewhat archaic language and wordy prose used in the book, but the mini-series eased me into it beautifully.  I was then able to enjoy the book that much more.<br />I recommend that you watch this mini-series and then read the book to complete the experience.  I am quite sure you will enjoy it!<br />I must now take leave so I can enjoy more of Jane Austen's novels!
0684853523|5.0|If you are into writing, there isn't anything better than this.  King is right on the money when it comes to writing, and his straightforward and often strange manner of presentation makes the book that much more readable. You'll never need another writer's brainstorming session once you've mastered the tools King outlines.  You'll savor page after page of good information which has a common theme - don't make this hard - read, and write, a lot. Once you see the simple places he found ideas for his books, you'll start seeing them all in your world too.  Life experience becomes motivation becomes writing. The perfect Christmas gift for the budding writer.
