B00003CXAA|5.0|There are many reasons to buy this collection.  It should go without saying that anyone serious about film should make the investment.  Buy it; set aside some quality time, and then watch the films through in sequence - twice.  The first time, just enjoy them.  The second time, listen to the commentary tracks by director Francis Ford Coppola.  Yes, even Godfather III.  <br />*Especially* Godfather III.  Why?  Allow me a brief word about each film:<br />The Godfather: Arguably the Great American Film of the seventies.  If there were a competition for the honor, it would be against two other films by Coppola - The Conversation and Apocalypse Now (among others - perhaps Chinatown and Taxi Driver, too).  To listen to Coppola's commentary is a revelation.  He does not tell many stories that film buffs don't already know, but his tone of voice speaks volumes on its own.  He allows his emotions to come through, and we can tell when he is proud of a scene (like the Salazzo murder in the restaurant), frustrated, or disappointed (he points out some problems in some of the &quot;cheap second-unit footage&quot; that I had never noticed). As has been revealed elsewhere, Coppola worked in constant fear of being fired.  The studio was breathing down his neck, second-guessing him, and did not give him the money and moral support he needed.  It almost seems as though they WANTED him to fail.  The outcome of this brutalizing experience is history.  But this is just a prelude to...<br />The Godfather, Part 2: Lightening struck twice. It is perhaps the only truly great sequel in film history (though fans of Lucas' Star Wars saga might disagree). By now, Coppola's clout allowed him a kind of control and freedom he did not enjoy on the first film.  His commentary picks up in pace and tone.  Despite reservations (he was not initially certain that a sequel could really work or was appropriate), he had a good time and was able to do some remarkable work.  Its recreation of turn-of-the-century New York (in the pre-CGI age) is astonishing.  See the documentary material on disc 5 for great behind-the-scenes material on how they did it.  The Godfather, Part 2 broke a lot of new ground, and belied the notion that suffering is a requirement in producing great art.  But the most poignant revelations are in...<br />The Godfather, Part 3:  Like many others, I used to think of this film as something of an orphan - not really in league with the prior installments of the series; more a typical Hollywood attempt to squeeze the old cash-cow.  In some ways, this is exactly what it was.  But I promise you, listening to Coppola narrate his experiences in the making of this film will give you a whole new appreciation of it.  His reflections are sometimes quite moving.  He is an artist fully aware of the achievements of the first two films, and at once exhilarated and anguished by the almost certainly futile quest to recapture the old magic.  Especially moving is his frank discussion of the controversy over his casting daughter Sofia as Mary Corleone, Michael's ill-fated daughter in the film.  There is no denying he is a loving father, and that critical attacks on her performance wounded him deeply.  While (as he acknowledges) she lacked the polish of her more experienced co-stars, there are, in fact, moments of emotional truth in her performance. Knowing these dynamics makes the ending of the film all the more resonant.  For him, it must be almost unbearable.<br />Disc 5 of the collection contains a generous selection of documentary material - a must for aspiring filmmakers.  Of special importance to me is a short piece on Coppola's notebook created by him in the making of the first film.  If you would aspire to create great cinema, watch this one closely, and take notes. <br />Of course, the performances by people like Marlon Brando, Al Pacino, Diane Keaton, James Caan, the late John Cazale, and Robert Duvall are amazing.  So is Gordon Willis' eloquently dark cinematography, Nino Rota and Carmine Coppola's music, etc.  One could go on and on, literally. But for me, this DVD collection has provided a new perspective on the director of these three films:<br />At one point in his commentaries, Coppola points out that the correct way to address a Don (not used in the films) is by title followed by first name - i.e., Don Vito rather than Don Corleone...or in Coppola's case, Don Francis or Don Francesco, rather than Don Coppola.<br />For this reason, I think of the Godfather DVD Collection as The Collected Wisdom of Don Francesco.  It is a fitting legacy.
630471193X|4.0|This is a parable of Jesus, if you think about it, in a humanistic setting.  From the 'holy' spirit visiting him to the last supper, Mary Magdelan, etc.<BR>This is the interest in the film, with people objectifying him, expecting miracles, harrassing him, turning on him etc etc, ( without giving away too much of the plot)<BR>Look at this and think about Jesus in a different way, perhaps his real message has been missed amongst the mystical mumbo jumbo and political infighting amongst his 'followers'.
0140072187|5.0|I have read many Vietnam books, and this one always stands out as the best one.   I have re-read it several times.  Mr. Mason writes very well, and his deeds are nothing but incredible.  The book flows very well.  His bravery and skill earn my greatest respect.
B00005LQ04|2.0|SUSPIRIA    (Italy - 1977)    Aspect ratio: 2.39:1 (Technovision)  Theatrical soundtrack: 4-track stereo    In a short essay which accompanies Anchor Bay's special three-disc edition of Dario Argento's SUSPIRIA, Travis Crawford offers the following observation: \\"For the small minority who may be experiencing the full-throttle sensory assault of Dario Argento's...horror masterpiece SUSPIRIA for the first time...I envy your innocence.\\" As it turns out, Travis' envy is wholly misplaced. It breaks my heart to say it, but Anchor Bay's disc - prepared under the auspices of Lucasfilm's much-vaunted THX program - is one of the biggest disappointments in the short history of DVD.    Of the four soundtracks on the disc which I was able to access through my my 5.1 audio equipment (I'm not DTS-equipped), only the French version - in lowly 2.0 surround - has anything like the kind of sonic impact which Argento originally intended. Several layers of music on all the others, including the Dolby Digital EX track, have been mixed so low that they might just as well not be there at all! Crank up the audio as much as you like, but it won't make a blind bit of difference...    My main point of reference has always been the (in)famous double-assault which takes place near the beginning of the film, one of the most genuinely frightening set-pieces in movie history. But much of the scene's effectiveness depends heavily on Goblin's deafening music score, which adds electric guitars (I'm assuming that's what they are) to a soundtrack filled with drums and screaming vocals. Here, several vital musical elements sound like they're buried under tons of cotton wool, completely diluting the overall effect. Just LISTEN to the difference in the French version, where the soundtrack has a depth and clarity which explodes out of your speakers like the Crack of Doom!     But even this sounds a little muffled beside the old Image laserdisc (released in the late 1980s), which featured a -literally! - room-shaking surround track, providing a level of reference that Anchor Bay's DVD doesn't even begin to approach. Strangely, AB's disc is also missing a number of significant music cues, sound effects and (apparently) some stray lines of dialogue which all appeared in the laserdisc edition.    Two things add insult to injury: First, the DVD's picture quality is ABSOLUTELY SUPERB - Anchor Bay has delivered an utterly stunning print of the film, and the Technovision frame is perfectly preserved on this anamorphic (2.35:1) disc. Secondly, there are dozens of reviews all over the Internet which praise the DVD's soundtrack for its strength and vitality, presumably written by people who are largely unfamiliar with the way it SHOULD sound. Frankly, their enthusiasm is completely baffling! Listening to the old laserdisc over this DVD is akin to having an obstruction suddenly removed from your ears - the difference is obvious and immediate. Perhaps the DTS version is better, I don't know, but the Dolby tracks are extremely poor and should never have been allowed onto the disc in this condition. What on earth were the guys at THX listening to when they approved this appalling travesty?!    Simply put, this disc represents only half the movie that Dario Argento intended you to experience. And if you ARE seeing the film for the first time and you think it sounds OK - believe me, you ain't heard nothing yet!
B000002AEN|5.0|Mississippi John Hurt (1893-1966) is a strange man in the blues history.In fact, he's not really a blues musician,but rather, like his elder, Leadbelly (Huddie Ledbetter,1889-1949), a songster.He was a small, gentle man, who recorded these 13 sides in the twenties, and waited until the early sixties to be rediscovered;during the last years of his life,he toured,playing at Newport and other festivals, and recorded several albums, mostly for Vanguard.I always found that Hurt's voice was one of the most fascinating I ever heard; a swinging,mild voice,that tells a lot about the graciousness of the man.His guitar picking,which looks like beeing simple,is in fact one of the most difficult and original I ever heard.I wish I had such a thumb to play the bass parts on my guitar ! John Hurt plays some tunes that were already old tunes in 1928 : the haunting &quot;Louis Collins&quot;,the eternal &quot;Stack o'Lee&quot;,the classic &quot;Candy man&quot;(you can listen to outstanding versions of this tune by Reverend Gary Davis),some sacred tunes,&quot;blessed be the name&quot;,&quot;praying on the old camp ground&quot;,and some blues,&quot;Avalon blues&quot;,&quot;big leg blues&quot;,or &quot;spike driver blues&quot;.By the way, Hurt was rediscovered in the early sixties because he recorded that tune,&quot;Avalon blues&quot;.Listening to it,some people went to this town,hoping that he still was living there.Mississippi John Hurt is a master in the music of the past century,reaching the same rank as Blind Willie Johnson,Charley Patton or Skip James.His 1928 sessions will allways remain some of the greatest masterpieces in the blues history.I personnaly enjoy his music for more than twenty years,and I hope you'll do the same.
B00004VVNC|5.0|I've seen this movie five time now. Every time I've seen it, I have enjoyed it even more. Brad is awesome. Anthony Hopkins, incredible. Poor Aidan does a great job, but is over powered by the incredible performance of Brad and Anthony. Julia Ormond, who I love dearly plays a superp roll, but like Aidan is just another supporting actor with these two. Thumps up is not enough. See it, buy it, and years from now, you also, will considerate it a &quot;classic&quot;.
B000006OBQ|5.0|This 1966 recording of Frankie, live at the Sands,in Las Vegas,with Count Basie's extraordinary band of that time,is a pure delight.They say that Frankie was not a jazz singer, just a crooner.I'm afraid they're terribly wrong.Joe Williams was a nice guy, and a good singer, but Frankie,backed by Basie's orchestra, is miles and miles away.By the way, this record was the favorite one of my friend,Sam Woodyard,who happened to be Duke Ellington's drummer for more than a decade.Frankie's singing ,at 50,is better than ever.There is a lot of humour here,too (try &quot;I've got a crush on you&quot;).Count Basie's band was really terrific that night,and this may be Sonny Payne's greatest performance as a drummer.Frank sang these tunes very often,but there are the best versions of his classics &quot;come fly with me&quot;,&quot;I've got you under my skin&quot;,&quot;fly me to the moon&quot;,&quot;the september of my years&quot;,&quot;it was a very good year&quot;,or &quot;don't worry 'bout me&quot;.Basie's band was made to accompany Frankie,and Frankie was the singer Basie needed.Their association is perfect.<BR>If you're a fan of Sinatra,you'll sure love this album, and if you've never heard Frankie's singing,this is the first record you have to buy.Blue Eyes swings like mad !
B00005NRNB|4.0|Don't bother buying the super bit version. I didn't see a difference. And I also didn't see any increase in the bit rate. It was between 6 and 8 all the time. But so is the standard version. <BR>The movie is a great action movie and if you like those kinds of movies, you'll like this one.
B000002WMH|5.0|It seems that every month RCA is cranking out some new compilation or &quot;Best of&quot; package of Elvis. But now finally, RCA gets it right! This box set features almost every song he recorded in the 50's in chronological order. It's fun to listen to each CD back to back (perfect for a road trip!) because Elvis' voice literally gets better with each song. If you're new to the world of Elvis you'll be amazed how many brilliant tracks there are that were never hits. It's also fun to hear Elvis before he was &quot;in the Zone&quot;. For example, the opening track &quot;My Happiness&quot; which I recently learned on a tour of Sun Records in Memphis, didn't impress owner Sam Phillips at all. It's plain to see why. While Elvis had a fine voice, it didn't exactly scream out &quot;Superstar&quot; until he starting rocking out. In fact, in took Elvis a while to develop the real crooner voice. Although he enjoyed ballads, he didn't have the training or maturity to conquer slow songs until he returned from the Army. (Which is why the 60's box-set is so essential. His voice was golden by then!) Listening to early efforts like &quot;Love Me Tender&quot; in which his voice barely stays in key, one can only imagine how much better that song could've been sung by the post Army Elvis! However, he does a terrific job on ballads like &quot;Don't&quot; and &quot;Is it so Strange&quot;. Elvis will always be the King, not because he wrote songs (he didn't) or because he was the greatest singer that ever lived (he wasn't) but because he had a gift for taking any song and making it his own. Countless musicians and engineers who've worked with him on these recordings went from scoffing at him (prior to meeting him) to calling him a &quot;genius&quot;. That's something a lot of people will never get but us Elvis fanatics and those who were lucky enough to have worked with him. Nobody has influenced more artists or been copied more than him. And this collection explains why. Forget the myths, the tabloids, the rumors, and the Vegas years, this is the real Elvis; a man who truly loved and understood Rock 'N Roll.
B00005QIPH|5.0|best album i've heard this year. can't stop playing it. you've been warned.
B00005Q45W|1.0|The man with the Romantic seed decided that he would release some more music, unoriginally titled Ten New Songs (buy hey look at his other titles as well). First thing that struck me was how backward looking, how dated, almost, this sounds - along the same lines as I'm Your Man - mainly because of the 80s style electronic drums. Of course Cohen's music has mainly been about old style singing and once again the master of the low does not disappoint. Ten New Songs is as good a record as he has released bar Love and Hate and Songs Of, the lyrics and mood growing with every listen. His best writing and voice was always likely to be in his early musical career but his style is becoming more and more original as people gradually start to look backward. It's a night record...is there a Zen element?<br />But hey listen to it sinking down - observe and marvel at the way Cohen spent so much time on the words...
B00005NWRS|5.0|don't believe the hype....listen for yr self....i think it's waaaaay better than &quot;HB&quot; in production and song quality and continuity....it's a fuller album, whatever that means......best album of 2001......#2jay farrar...#3stephen malkmus....#4mercury rev....#5spiritualized.....#6remy zero.....#7preston school of industry....#8sparklehorse.....#9garbage....#10DYLAN......just mah opinion
B000002J1C|5.0|The Yes Album had the magic of being able to touch the mind and the soul of a boy in the seventies, in the far countryside of Brazil, and more than thirty years later, in the twenty first century, maintains its attraction power in achieving legions of new fans to the Classic Yessongs...
B00005MAM2|5.0|this movie is like no other! it is by far the greatest anime films out there, and also one of the best movies out there! this is a violent sci fi story about a group of teenagers living in a nightmare future. in 1988 (movie terms) an explosion goes off in the middle of tokyo destroying everything. three hours later, World War III begins. now the story picks up at 2019, Neo-Tokyo, a new city built next to Tokyo's ruins. in this new city, a teenager named Kaneda is the head of a high tech biker gang. in this gang, is Kaneda's childhood friend Tetsuo. while driving around one night, tetsuo collids with an escaped government project with phychic powers. the government captures the subject and takes Tetsuo with them. they soon discover that Tetsuo has phychic powers more powerful than they have ever seen...even more powerful than thier most powerful subject, AKIRA. well, as tetsuo's power becomes more and more powerful he goes crazy and starts killing everyone in his path. after he learns of another as strong as he, AKIRA, he goes out to try and kill him. now the only person who can stop tetsuo is Kaneda, his old friend. can he save the world and stop tetsuo!? I'M NOT TELLING, GO OUT AND BUY IT IF YOU WANNA KNOW!
B00005A46T|4.0|Way back in the Eighties, there were several metal albums so astounding they remain personal favourites to this day: Metallica's Master Of Puppets, Iron Maiden's Live After Death, Slayer's Reign In Blood, and Queensryche's Operation: Mindcrime, to name a few. Heavy music has changed so much these days that singing merely about Samuel Taylor Coleridge, H.P. Lovecraft, Reaganomics, and old reliable Satan himself sounds sorely out of date. What's left to sing about is nothing but a load of whiny introspective tripe, but with their phenomenal debut, and their new album Iowa, Slipknot prove they are the true masters of cashing in on their own misery.<br />Slipknot have this teen angst thing nailed down...as Bart Simpson once said, it's like shooting fish in a barrel. They're not idiots. Today's Gen-Y Global Teens have pop lolitas and boy groups for the kids, cheeky 'punk' bands for future frat boys, boring trance music for the ravers, and yes, doom rock for the bottom-of-the-barrel misfits, all carefully marketed and packaged. What sets Slipknot above boring white-boy metal rappers and cartoony acts like Mudvayne and Gwar is their absolute, undeniable conviction and tight metal musicianship.<br />Iowa would be half the album it is if it were not for the efforts of Ross Robinson and Andy Wallace (Wallace mixed Slayer's classic Reign In Blood). The duo are able to combine powerful vocals, two guitars, an extraordinary drummer, a bassist, two percussionists, and two samplers, creating such a monolithic sonic wall of hell, making it, bar none, the greatest-sounding metal album I have ever heard, and I've heard a lot of them.<br />Although the use of the ubiquitous eff-werd is repeated ad infinitum, vocalist Corey Taylor shows some creative growth on Iowa. 'My Plague', 'Heretic Anthem', 'Metabolic', and the searing 'I Am Hated' show that he's capable of more than nonsensical bellyaching. Slipknot's incredible musical chops are evident on songs like the frantic 'People=S**t' and 'Disasterpiece'. The album's epic title track is a bit of a departure, and is equally thrilling and disturbing, a kind of nu-metal blues jam that lasts a good fifteen minutes.<br />Like their debut cd, Slipknot are again guilty of not knowing when to quit. Iowa is ten or fifteen minutes too long; 'Left Behind', while possessing amazing production, is an obvious single stuck in to get some radio airplay and sell more units, and 'Skin Ticket' says nothing that Nine Inch Nails' The Downward Spiral didn't say seven years ago. Something with such extreme content should be shortened... that's what makes something like the 28-minute Reign In Blood so memorable.<br />Though not as explosive as the previous album, Iowa is a terrific piece of work. I'm simply amazed at the intensity. However, I'm worried that some poor, misguided kid somewhere will misinterpret the lyrics and take out his or her frustrations the wrong way. I've always been against musical censorship, but any parent out there who hears this music coming from their kid's bedroom should make sure the kid has his or her head screwed on straight. For every ten kids who dig this album for its visceral power, there will always be one who'll take it all a bit too seriously. The other day I put on Iron Maiden's The Number Of The Beast, and found myself longing for the days when metal bands sang about the old Prisoner tv show, Native Americans, and the Book of Revelations. It all seems so harmless now.
B000002KBU|5.0|Joni Mitchell spent her first three albums earning a reputation as one of pop-rock-folk's best singers and songwriters. These literate and evocative works, delivered in Joni's ice-skate-blade soprano with bare-bones instrumentation, had made her audience think of her as a hippie-chick troubadour. Frequently, the albums revealed her struggles to find a man worth her while, or a love that could endure and survive.<br />Blue was Joni's effort to kick against her hippie-queen persona. At first, it may not seem much different than the first three albums - spare arrangements, trebly singing, and tales of free-love struggle. However, Blue is set apart from all of Joni's previous and subsequent albums by a profoud depth and commitment of self to its writing and performance. She shows a willingness to show her true self to her audience in naked vulnerability, even unveiling the sad tale of giving up her infant daughter for adoption when abandoned by her husband in the four-year-old composition \\"Little Green.\\" Her voice is miked very closely with a stark absence of echo which provides the illusion that she is singing here and now, in the same room with the listener. She sings with a passionate vocal limberness, often reminiscent of the blues and jazz greats. She's not really up to the same bag as an Ella, an Etta, a Billie, or a Sarah, but on this album at least, she is their peer in terms of what she IS doing. Some have objected to Joni's voice on her earlier work, but Blue shows that such complaints have about as much credibility in taste as those who claim to love literature, but Shakespeare \\"doesn't do much for them.\\" In fact, it is the passion and resonance of Joni's singing that make her confession-box revelations ring true. <br />While Ladies of the Canyon features what remain Joni's best arrangements on an album - cello and horns lushly punctuating the balance between Joni's piano and guitar - the arrangements on Blue rival them. Several of the songs luxuriate in Joni's magisterial piano alone - \\"The Last Time I Saw Richard\\" is nearly symphonic in its richness. Others enjoy the interplay between Joni and James Taylor's acoustic guitars, Joni's plucked dulcimer, and Sneaky Pete's pedal steel. All of these choices fit the intimacy of the songs perfectly. Blue's most striking arrangement choice, in the context of the earlier Ladies of the Canyon and the subsequent four albums, was the absence of horns. No wind instrument could possibly rival Joni's vocal work here. Like Billie's, Joni's gorgeous singing on Blue was not the result of studied precision and technique, but rather evidence of a great, profoundly spiritual soul within. Greater than nearly all of the rest of us.<br />Even the much-needed leaven of the more upbeat songs on Blue - \\"Carey,\\" \\"This Flight Tonight,\\" \\"My Old Man\\" - have a wistful sense of the fleeting nature of bliss in love. The best songs, however, are downright heartbreaking, laments for lost or absent loves and expressions of sorrowful states. \\"Blue,\\" \\"River,\\" \\"A Case of You,\\" and \\"The Last Time I Saw Richard\\" in their spine-tingling glory-in-sorrow all belong in any top ten list of Joni's best songs, but any attempt to remove any of these masterpieces from their context rings artificial. Any future Joni boxed set should include all ten songs - perhaps as a self-contained bonus disc to preserve the integrity of this shattering work of art. It says much for this masterpiece that Joni immediately embarked upon a expansion of musical and lyrical idiom on her next album, For the Roses. After Blue, Joni could only get bolder, more verbose, more obscure, more byzantine - but never better. She'd already done perfect.
B000021YQV|4.0|There were two much-anticipated metal releases this year; one, Slipknot's Iowa, nearly lived up to the potential of their debut, but System Of A Down's uneven, but energetic and smouldering new album (produced by the great Rick Rubin), Toxicity, elevates the Armenian-American quartet to among the elite in hard rock today. No other metal band today is so adept at combining the aggression of aggro, unique melodies, and political consciousness as these guys.<br />At their best, SOAD sound like the best rock band on the planet. 'Needles' features the best fast-fingered riffs this side of Slayer, while the phenomenal 'Deer Dance' puts a demented Middle Eastern twist on the grinding guitar rhythms Anthrax perfected fifteen years ago. 'Jet Pilot' is just plain exciting, two insane minutes of severe energy. Best of all are the spectacular 'Chop Suey' and 'Aerials', whose combinations of time changes and harmonies show auch an an intense band is capable of showing some soul without reverting to the pathetic whining that pervades nu-metal these days. Serj Tankian's powerful singing of &quot;father<BR>why have you forsaken me&quot; in the awesome bridge in 'Chop Suey' is thrilling to hear.<br />Toxixity would have been awfully close to perfect if it weren't for a few songs that threaten to bring the entire album back into the realm of the sophomoric. 'Bounce', 'Shimmy', and 'Psycho', though musically as enthralling as the rest, are thematically stupid, sounding nothing more than frat-boy rants, and completely clash with the intelligence shown in the other twelve songs.<br />The real star of the album is the vocal talent of Tankian. There is no other hard rock vocalist as talented as he right now, a singer capable of screaming like Tom Araya, growling like Corey Taylor, ranting like Jello Biafra, and belting out the notes like Bruce Dickinson...all in the same song. He actually makes the huge line &quot;All research and successful drug policy show that treatment should be increased and law enforcement decreased while abolishing mandatory minimum sentences&quot; fit into a song without losing a breath. His lyrics can be a bit pretentious (&quot;self-righteous suicide&quot;? Come on...), but I'll take a bit of pretentiousness over banality any day.<br />With Toxicity, SOAD comes very close to reaching new heights in heavy music, and this is only their second album. Their musical potential is staggering, and they should only get better.
B000002WCJ|5.0|I'm a new comer to the Helloween cannon. O bought part 1 first for ovbious reasons and as soon as I heard it I knew I needed to get the sequal. Well I finnaly did and I must say they managed to surpas the original. Though the epic title track is by far the best on the album, the whole thing is very solid.  Great dual guitar work, vox and entire packaging. The lyrics are exellent wich is become rare in present day music, back when this album was done people still had high standards and the lyrics are good by everyones.  Check this album as well as Part 1 out if you like tchnicaly driven prog rock/metal.
B00005N9CV|3.0|I have been a Krall fan since '93 when a Canadian friend sent me a tape of her first release. As a jazz guitarist and fan of jazz piano and vocals I loved her from the start..putting her in the league of early Nat Cole,Shirley Horn, Carmen Mcrae and Sarah Vaughn. While she wasnt a truly great singer....her voice really worked because of her phrasing, emotional feel, swing and the swinging piano she played extremely well. When I finally saw what she looked like, I knew she could be marketed to a very broad audience (I'm also a marketing consultant and former music executive). I only hoped she would NOT succumb to the same fates as Nat Cole, Wes Montgomery and George Benson,  fine jazzers  who became so marginalized by the music industry they became essentially pop musicians, and in my view lost the feel that made them stand out initially. <br />All that said, this is what Diana Krall has been pushed towards on this disc. It started somewhat on her last outing but seems to be virtually complete with this one. Sad thing is she sounds like she knows it..at least subconsciously.  Her performance is often lacking in emotion, depth and her piano is virtually invisible. The accompaniment is superb from a pop perspective but boring from a jazz perspective...the instrumental performances seem to be deliberately mainstream....her guitarists especially lack the jazz feel of the past even though one was on her early records. The solid jazz feel of Peter Bernstein and early Russell Malone were solid secondary instruments to Kralls piano....not true here.<br />Bottom line....this is an ok pop disc and NOT a jazz disc at all. Its only a so-so Diana Krall CD and misrepresents her real abilities. I have seen her live 3x and she is great, funny, plays a hell of a piano and can sing with the best jazz singers..but this disc doesnt do it.I think its a loss to jazz lovers but also to music lovers as her performance suffers in this context.....she doesnt sound like she is sining from theheart....and she has the heart of a true jazz musician.<br />Krall is one of the few jazzers who can make a jazz record and have it really sell...ie. make a real living from it. This is a real issue for her and most jazz players and the true economics behind the push to pop from her record company...its also the art of music being subordinated to the &quot;product&quot; of commerce.<br />Maybe her next release should be a live trio or quartet date from a small intimate club....she probably doesnt play that way much anymore but it is where she shines.  Maybe a charity date with a select audience....taped for later release?
B00005QATY|5.0|It's hard to expand on the commentary of the previous reviews.  All I can say is that if my British husband loves the movie (with all its Southern references and wit) I can't help but note that it is destined to be a classic.<br />Clooney, Blake and Turturo were a stroke of casting genius (many mention Clooney as the shining star in the film, but Turturo's turn was just as genius... in fact, so was Blake's).  And the supporting cast - hilarious!  And the soundtrack... sublime.<br />The Coens are cinematographic geniuses at work as well.  The shots, the dialogue, the flow - near perfection, it is.<br />What can I say?  This is one of the most unique films I've watched.  Superb!
B000007ODM|5.0|Absolutly brillant!  Who are these singers?  I think that this music is great and would tell anyone to buy it who likes unique music with a bit of mystic qualities inter-twined.  Pur magic...
0767853636|4.0|Obviously. this isn't on par with great movies like Gone with the Wind, or Casablanca, and maybe  Eilleen Quinn isn't Shirley Templee.  However, when I was 8, 9 and 10, I LOVED this movie.  I liked the optimistic singing and both the innocence of Annie and the humor of Ms Hannigan. So, think what you loke, but this is a really fun movie for kids, who it was intended for in the first place!
6305841861|5.0|If you like horror films, slapstick humor, and out of this world camera work, this is the perfect film!  I absolutely loved this one...even more than the first Evil Dead film.  Though it isn't as gory as the first one, the simple plot and the very funny sight gags make this one of the most memorable cult films ever.<br />Bruce Campbell is such a great &quot;B&quot; movie actor.  He beats the crap out of himself in the movie, and is able to pull off the serious yet silly character perfectly.  Unlike Army Of Darkness, where he was really more of a goof, he plays a great lead role and hero in this film.<br />Before I ramble for too long, get this film.  You won't be disappointed!
B00005N9CV|5.0|Everything she puts out is perfect. I basically put on all of her cds at once and play them over and over. This cd is especially polished. You can hear the changes and perfecting of her voice over the years. This cd makes you want to get a really good glass of wine and just relax while enjoying both.
B00004XOWM|1.0|Limp Bizkit have gone into the catagory of &quot;pop&quot; simply because they couldnt be arsed to do proper metal. Buy this only if you like to be &quot;hard&quot; and &quot;cool&quot; because thats what its like. Only praise is that LB can't get worse. What went wrong after 3dollar Bill ill never know......
B00005QIPH|5.0|It's extremely rare to have an album live up to its hype in this day and age.  That being said, I can hardly describe my joy upon hearing Is This It.  It doesn't matter that Julian Casablancas' voice sounds like Lou Reed or that his lyrics recall the New-York-been-there-seen-it-done-that world weariness of Reed and Tom Verlaine.  Or that the guitars at times echo the stark minimalism of Television.  Or that the rhythms recall the jubilant bounciness of 80's new wavers such as the Smiths and the Psychedelic Furs.<br />All you need to know is that this is an album for blasting in your car stereo.  An album for dancing around your living room by yourself.  An album of yesterday, today and tomorrow.  This is it.
B00005N9CV|4.0|Diana Krall is a wonderful jazz singer and pianist.  Of all her CD's, I've found that this one showcases her piano playing the least.  Don't get me wrong, the ballads on this CD are gorgeous, in particular 'Maybe You'll Be There'.  I guess I was just expecting something livelier.
B00004SYWZ|5.0|This band really endures.<br />The songs on this collection meander from elegant spiritualism to melodic, sometimes rocking grooves that move you. You never know quite what to expect as each song segues into something slightly different.<br />The allegation of overproduction on this disc is overstated. This work proves a nice and different complement to what came before. Stepping more in the direction of technology, the production values of this disc bring a-ha into atmospheric realms previously missed on &quot;edgier,&quot; more acoustic based discs.<br />The result is a vocalist who really pushes himself successfully and a sound that is full, almost epic.<br />The songwriting ain't too shabby, either!<br />Have a nice glass of wine and slip into the magic of this work.
6303477259|5.0|please issue this wonder show on DVD
6301658795|5.0|I've loved this film since I first saw it in its theatrical release oh so many years ago...with the eye of an artist, Bert Stern crafted a visual masterpiece around some musical treasures, starting with the vastly underrated Jimmy Giuffre, with his trio-mates Bob Brookmeyer and Jim Hall playing &quot;Train and the River&quot;.<br />It has many views of Newport, its people, the audience, a regatta...it captures that era of the 50's when we liked Ike and nobody knew smoking was a bad habit.<br />Among my favorites are Anita O'Day, Gerry Mulligan, the great &quot;Rockin' Chair&quot; duet between Louis Armstrong and Jack Teagarden, the magnificent Mahalia Jackson, and of course, Jimmy Giuffre...I think it's truly one of the best films centered around music ever made.<br />This tape also includes a mini-documentary by Bert Stern on how he made the film.
B0000013GT|5.0|In my opinion this is the best hip-hop album to come out in the last 5-7 years.  I never ever get sick of the songs on this album, it has a different tone and feel then Outkasts other music but it's still as tight as any other album they've made.<BR>If your not an Outkast fan or have never heard their music this is the perfect place to start your collection.  Buy this album I promise you won't be disappointed, and I guarantee you will want the rest of their albums after that.
B00003CX95|5.0|I first saw this movie on VHS.  When DVD players came out I knew I had to buy it - so I did.  And it is well worth it.  Not only are the action scenes great but the story, whether true or not, is awesome.
B000000WFF|5.0|I love this CD espeacially the song Viva Forever It rocks its rocks it rocks buy it you need to buy it its rocks they rock  buy the CD
0316548189|5.0|I normally don't like to read autobiographies. I prefer fiction instead. However, this book was recommended to me by my son, who was impressed by Nelson Mandela's story.<br />This is indeed a great book. If it were not for the fact that the brutalities and despicable behavior of the apartheid South African Government have been well documented, it would be difficult to believe how cruel can some men be to other men because of racism and hatred. <br />The story of how Mr. Mandela was able to resist so much abuse perpetrated on him and his family, and how he never wavered nor lost sight of his goal, is a testament to the human spirit.<br />This is a great and inspirational book. I recommend it wholeheartedly.
B00005RDRO|5.0|The five greatest classical detectives are invited to a dinner.....and a murder.  Sight gags run amok; plot twists go giggling down the darkened hall; and the cast in this parody of the great 1930 mystery movies includes: Alec Guinness (&quot;the dead, naked, blind butler in the kitchen&quot;); David Niven (Dick Charleston); Peter Falk (Sam Diamond), Peter Sellers (Inspector Wang); James Coco (Monsieur Perrier) and Elsa Lanchester (Jessica Marbles).  They're joined by Truman Capote (the host....and the victim?) as well as a hilarious supporting cast in this tongue-in-cheek whodunnit from a Neil Simon stage play.
0393307050|1.0|One must be a romantic nature to purchase a book like this. Eighteenth century frigates sailing in splendor, grim, determined men of war, pirates, naval battles, an era of tumult and heroism. <BR>This is why the reader starts feeling uneasy after the first fifteen pages. The story seems to be taking place entirely on land and no adventure of any scale seems to be developing. The story seems to be revolving around Captain Jack Aubrey's anxieties and doctor Maturine's indecisiveness. The reader has to endure close to a hundred more pages of inaction before anything of the slightest interest happens.<BR>This is the first - but by far not the last - thing that is wrong with this book. The most maddening of these is that the book has already been written! Nearly thirty years before Mr. O'Brian \\"saga\\", C. S. Forester wrote an amazing saga of ten books or so with the adventures of Horatio Hornblower, a British naval officer during the Napoleonic wars. Patrick O'Brian borrows the same setting and lifts some episodes from the Hornblower tales. His character, Jack Aubrey, is something like an anti-Hornblower. Horatio Hornblower is quick, intelligent, civil, diplomatic, and modest. Jack Aubrey on the other hand is completely unremarkable. He is on the heavy side, unintelligent, rowdy, and lacking in social skills. For some reason, he is the hero whose path through glory the reader is supposed to follow with undivided attention.<BR>To get to the point, the story evolves slowly and is mostly uninteresting. There are only a couple of battles and a handful of sea adventures delivered without any particular literary talent. The rest of the book is made up of pointless conversations, endless descriptions, and a weak and unsuccessful attempt of the author to create some sort of dynamics between the main characters: captain Aubrey, doctor Maturin, and Lieutenant Dillon. Halfway through the book the reader guesses that these so-called social dynamics don't go anywhere and ends up beingright.<BR>Bottom line: If you want good naval stories in the Napoleonic era, read the Hornblower saga. If you've read all of Forester's books (I did) and you are looking for something similar (I was), Patrick O'Brian's uninspired attempt is bound to disappoint you.
B00005JKES|5.0|but i'll still be buying this box set and any TP fan should do the same so that the other series are also released.  The pilot has been released in Hong Kong with an english dolby digital soundrack, you can get copies from ebay.  I've already bought a copy.
B00005QIPH|3.0|I was first introduced to the Strokes, like many others due to the hype. Anyways, I checked out a few of the songs, they were pretty good, didn't really have much interest to check out the album, but I decided to take the plunge recently.First off, if you're expecting an amazing album, that will revolutionize music for years to come, you're looking in the wrong place.The Strokes' debut album is good, its basic rock and roll, with a few nice touches to it. Not much to say about them musically, since this usually isn't my genre, but they sound a lot like most rock groups to me. Anyways, the lenght is a bit of an issue for me, some of the songs (Is This It, The Modern Age, etc.) seem to end before they even can get you pumped up enough to listen to it. Also, only a bit over the half hour mark, this album is over before you can get started. With a few standout tracks, (Last Nite, Hard To Explain, Barely Legal, When It Started, Trying Your Luck) and the rest feeling a bit like filler, (especially : Someday, Alone Together, and Soma) and the last bit too short to really enjoy, its a decent album, worth checking out.But whatever you do, don't approach them as the new saviours of music.
B00003CXN4|5.0|Even though this great work of art has a cast including hundreds of well-known stars, you actually forget that this is a Hollywood movie.  It feels like a documentary and every single person pulls it off.  The Tijuana scenes are the absolute best.  Soderberg's three stories in three places come together to tell a complete story. I won't ever forget this film.
B00005QIPH|3.0|I was first introduced to the Strokes, like many others due to the hype. Anyways, I checked out a few of the songs, they were pretty good, didn't really have much interest to check out the album, but I decided to take the plunge recently.First off, if you're expecting an amazing album, that will revolutionize music for years to come, you're looking in the wrong place.The Strokes' debut album is good, its basic rock and roll, with a few nice touches to it. Not much to say about them musically, since this usually isn't my genre, but they sound a lot like most rock groups to me. Anyways, the lenght is a bit of an issue for me, some of the songs (Is This It, The Modern Age, etc.) seem to end before they even can get you pumped up enough to listen to it. Also, only a bit over the half hour mark, this album is over before you can get started. With a few standout tracks, (Last Nite, Hard To Explain, Barely Legal, When It Started, Trying Your Luck) and the rest feeling a bit like filler, (especially : Someday, Alone Together, and Soma) and the last bit too short to really enjoy, its a decent album, worth checking out.But whatever you do, don't approach them as the new saviours of music.
B00005QIPH|3.0|I was first introduced to the Strokes, like many others due to the hype. Anyways, I checked out a few of the songs, they were pretty good, didn't really have much interest to check out the album, but I decided to take the plunge recently.First off, if you're expecting an amazing album, that will revolutionize music for years to come, you're looking in the wrong place.The Strokes' debut album is good, its basic rock and roll, with a few nice touches to it. Not much to say about them musically, since this usually isn't my genre, but they sound a lot like most rock groups to me. Anyways, the lenght is a bit of an issue for me, some of the songs (Is This It, The Modern Age, etc.) seem to end before they even can get you pumped up enough to listen to it. Also, only a bit over the half hour mark, this album is over before you can get started. With a few standout tracks, (Last Nite, Hard To Explain, Barely Legal, When It Started, Trying Your Luck) and the rest feeling a bit like filler, (especially : Someday, Alone Together, and Soma) and the last bit too short to really enjoy, its a decent album, worth checking out.But whatever you do, don't approach them as the new saviours of music.
B00004ZD69|5.0|If Stars of the lid represent light and water then Godspeed represent Darkness and air.This is music that can be intense and almost claustrophobic and then majestic and uplifting.<BR>Imagine the sort of music they would play in a Tibetan shopping mall in the year 2042.
B00005QIPH|3.0|I was first introduced to the Strokes, like many others due to the hype. Anyways, I checked out a few of the songs, they were pretty good, didn't really have much interest to check out the album, but I decided to take the plunge recently.First off, if you're expecting an amazing album, that will revolutionize music for years to come, you're looking in the wrong place.The Strokes' debut album is good, its basic rock and roll, with a few nice touches to it. Not much to say about them musically, since this usually isn't my genre, but they sound a lot like most rock groups to me. Anyways, the lenght is a bit of an issue for me, some of the songs (Is This It, The Modern Age, etc.) seem to end before they even can get you pumped up enough to listen to it. Also, only a bit over the half hour mark, this album is over before you can get started. With a few standout tracks, (Last Nite, Hard To Explain, Barely Legal, When It Started, Trying Your Luck) and the rest feeling a bit like filler, (especially : Someday, Alone Together, and Soma) and the last bit too short to really enjoy, its a decent album, worth checking out.But whatever you do, don't approach them as the new saviours of music.
0783229526|5.0|This flick is incredible. You need to watch this more than once to understand the subtlties. Johnny Depp and Benicio Del Torro are absolutely unrecognizable in these two characters. <br />My favorite scenes:<BR>1. Throw the radio in the tub when White Rabbit peaks.<br />2. Get my golf shoes.<br />3. Dr. Gonzo trying to kiss Christina Ricci.<br />4. Meeting the photographer.<br />5. Any room service scene.<br />6. The adrenal gland!<br />This film is loaded with incredibly articulate and fast moving scenes. Try it with headphones!
B00005QIPH|5.0|Overhyped?  Maybe.  Recycled?  Perhaps.  Nonetheless worth it?  You bet.<br />In their first full-length release, &quot;Is This It,&quot; the Strokes strongly evoke images of the NYC art rock/punk scene of the 1970s, along with a montage of Velvet Underground gigs during the heyday of Andy Warhol's Factory.  If you're a devotee of that period in musical history, you'll surely think of Television, Richard Hell and the Voidoids, Jonathan Richman and the Modern Lovers, the Velvets, the Jam and the Talking Heads as you listen to &quot;Is This It.&quot;  I don't know whether Julian Casablancas and his bandmates have ever listened to these bands or, if they have, whether they would cite these groups as their primary influences.  Regardless, the Strokes have cooked up a wonderful stew of the sounds of those bands.  Unlike the overproduced sounds of the record company-manufactured neo-metal groups and boy/girl bands of today, the Strokes' sound is stripped down yet graceful.  From the somnambulistic, Velvet Underground-like cadence of the title track, &quot;Is This It,&quot; to the Jam-inflected, bouncing grooves of &quot;Someday&quot; and &quot;Last Nite,&quot; to the Television-like rantings of the last track, &quot;Take It or Leave It,&quot; the Strokes will have you snapping your fingers and tapping your feet, hooked on their refreshingly old, yet new, sound.
B000002ACR|5.0|This is the best Byrds album made. They were at the top of their game. It is easy to see where Tom Petty and REM got their sound.My Back Pages and Have You Seen Her Face are my favorites. A must have for any Byrds fan.
B00003CXWV|5.0|Wow...I have to tell you that as much as this was compared to other recent cocaine movies, like Traffic, this movie reminds me of nothing less than Goodfellas.  The characters are very much brothers from different mothers.  Very good comparison.  And to anyone who has entertained notions about Penelope Cruz' sexiness, you may be in for a rude surprise.<br />Having said that, since Tom Cruise and Penelope Cruz are dating, well, doesn't it take a special kind of ego for someone to date someone else because their last names are pronounced the same?
B0000024ZT|5.0|I am a pretty big Springsteen fan and I think this is one of his most underrated albums.  It contains some of my favorite Boss tunes like Growin' Up and Its Hard to be a Saint in the City.  The song Lost in the Flood, which is my personal favorite on the album is a really well written song, contains one of the best lines in any Springsteen song,  &quot;...and someone said a man did you see that, his body hit the street with such a beautiful thud, I wonder what that dude was saying or was he just lost in the flood.&quot;
B00003CX9E|5.0|I liked it.  It's one of the best DVD transfers I've seen, and I honestly enjoyed watching this DVD version at home more than I have seeing it on the big screen.  <br />There isn't much to say that other people haven't said.  The sound seems to have been left alone, and I sincerely think this was a good thing--fake stereo enhancement just isn't quite there yet.  I didn't notice *anything* bad from the video enhancements, just good things; it struck me from the first that a lot of the film in this version is much more visible than any previous showing I've seen.<br />Feel free to disagree, but I will suggest the folks that didn't like the transfer are playing at being video snobs and losing badly, like so many other fields we must be saddled with &quot;experts&quot;... *sigh*<br />Could it be done better?  Anything can be done better.  Is this good enough?  Much more than &quot;good enough&quot;, it's an excellent DVD, and I strongly recommend it.
B00003CXP1|4.0|Burstyn is great.  The movie is a little too depressing...
B000002TQB|5.0|This is a must CD for any brit pop fan! I never understood why Oasis made it so big in America and Blur was seemingly ignored.  My only guess is that perhaps Blur is too British (like that's a problem?).  I can imagine that some of the truly British references may confuse people who are unfamiliar with the UK, but let's face it, this is about the music...the most brilliant display of britpop to date.<br />&quot;Girls &amp; Boys&quot;, which did relatively well in the US starts off the CD with a bang.  It's quirky synth and heavy bass reminds you of both the 80's and the 60's at once. If you listen carefully, you can hear the sarcastic lyrics behind summer traditional hedonisim among the college crowd.  Next up is &quot;Tracy Jacks&quot; which is a fantastic display of old style britpop, like The Kinks, catchy right off the bat.  <br />Overall, the songs are mostly pure pop, there are a couple of suprises like &quot;Badhead&quot; a melancholy tune about missing a love one who's far off (the organ really gives you the mood).  &quot;London Loves&quot; is a throw back to the mid-60's pop scene in swinging London. They manage to throw in a harpsichord in &quot;Clover Over Dover&quot; (and it works, sort of a Partridge Family groove going on there).  &quot;Bank Holiday&quot; is borderline punk and &quot;This is a Low&quot; is a soulful tune with a fantastic bass line and amazing guitar work that you won't expect.<br />For the most part, your initial response to this CD would be that it is full of catchy, light, bouncy tunes which have bery good hooks, but if you give it a couple of spins you will find some excellent songwriting, producing and musicianship.<br />This is an absolute MUST for a fan of britpop and for Blur fans who picked the band up at &quot;Blur&quot; and &quot;13&quot;.  I never get tired of this one, constant rotation in my CD player.<br />Cheers!
B00005NWM3|2.0|Another dissapointment in a year of many dissapointments.  &quot;How You Remind Me&quot; is a good song, but every other song on the album is exactly like it...But if you like your music repetive and boring you can't go wrong here.  <br />Same old guitar chords...same old lyrics...same old everything from song to song.
B0000062FJ|5.0|Santana's debut album was just a hint of what was to come. One of the best debut albums of all time!! Of course it contains the big hit &quot;Evil Ways&quot;, but that song really pales in comparison (maybe due to overplaying on radio) to the rest of the album. It is just brilliant, and the three bonus tracks are superb, two of which are previously unreleased. The bonus track of &quot;Soul Sacrifice was released before, but not in it's entirety. Here, we are treated to 11:39 minutes of sheer genius. The 12 page booklet is excellent also. Filled with photos and a very informative essay, makes this album a must for true Santana fans. Even those who own the original, would be well advised to trade it in for this remastered edition.
B000001ESF|5.0|Near as I can figure it, this record's about some fellow what finds a guitar in the woods and starts a-playing it for the king.  Well, turns out the king ain't much of a music lover, so he wraps that there guitar around a tree quicker than you can say &quot;Jack Robinson.&quot;  Well, this ruffles the fellow's feathers, so much so in fact, that he gets all hopped up on goofballs and starts living in a cave until he falls down a waterfall dead as a mackerel like in that Phil Collins song.<br />Now this story was written by the fellow what hits the drums for Rush, Neil Beard.  Actually, some gal name of Anne Ran's little ol' book called \\"Anaheim\\" (that's a town in California) is what Beard was all rip-snorted up about when he sat down to commence writing it.  Let me tell you, that Beard boy's smarter than a tree full of owls.  Some of the things he comes out with make me feel like, although my wheel's turning, my hamster's done bought the farm.<br />I like it.  It's better than an extra couple of biscuits you didn't plan on.  Didn't even have to grow on me.  No sir, I was smiling wider than a fox in a hen house from the start.  That there story takes up the whole first side, but the second side's got some really catchy tunes on it, as well.  Some folks probably won't think it's loud enough.  But you know, where it comes up a little short in horsepower, it more than makes up for in sincerity.  I mean, that there singer actually believes she's a priest from a temple in Sears!  Don't that just beat all?<br />And these guys sure do know their way around them instruments of theirs.  Strike me dumb if I ain't on the up and up when I tell you that I think this is purt near the best album I ever did hear, excepting that last one from Dream Theater.<br />Anyhow, if'n you get a chance to download this one from the Netscape, then do it.  Heck, I'd even go so far as to recommend buying it next time you're at Wal-Mart.  The records are right there next to the TV's.<br />I've got me Rush's next record, \\"A Farewell to Kings,\\" to listen to and talk about now, so look for my two cents' worth on that one soon.  So far, I'm thinking at least one of the songs on it has got something to do with that weird roller-skating movie Olivia Newton-John and ELO were in.  Other than that, it's proving to be better than snuff, and it ain't nearly as dusty.
B00005Q45W|3.0|Certainly not the best of Cohen's albums.  Too smooth, too much of Sharon Robinson's voice.  Slightly plodding.  But worth getting.
B00000ILDE|4.0|First, something has to be clarified. This is not a horror movie, though some scenes contain the &quot;genre&quot; tricks. This is not an action movie. But its pace can outclass many top actions. This is a war movie. It is about a military operation done in the 23rd Century. Therefore we can say that it is a combination of war and science fiction, a superlative one.<br />Why isn't it a five star movie? First, there is some extra footage, which is good. However the extra LV-426 scene is unnecessary. It decreases the suspense when Gorman's pronounced poignant &quot;We have lost contact with LV 426&quot; sentence. Secondly, the movie ends in a too much Hollywood fashion (Maybe it is kind of a trademark for whole series). The queen never gives up, reappears where she is not supposed to be, and at the final scene, Ripley carrying her own weight plus queen's is too much. However the fight with queen, a real climax, is a result of &quot;never-end-the-struggle&quot; approach: I have to confess.<br />It is definitely the best of the series in North America. However in Europe, where people have grown up with European movies, the first and the third movies are the ones to be labeled as &quot;cult&quot;.
B00005NWM3|4.0|This CD is a great example of modern rock, and it is a very solid CD, you can play it on repeat several time before it gets old.  Conclusion, worth buying
0780622553|5.0|After reading one particularly scathing review about the many &quot;flaws&quot; and &quot;defects&quot; present in the dvd version, i was very hesitant to purchase it.  However, the fact that this disk contains both the widescreen and full-screen versions won me over.  After watching the dvd several times, i noticed nothing wrong with the color/shadows that i read about in a couple of reviews.  i, too, watched this movie on a 27&quot; tv (just as did the reviewer who saw the &quot;flaws&quot;) and noticed absolutely nothing wrong.  In fact, the dvd looks much, much better than any vhs copy i've seen (since i own both vhs and dvd, i should know).  That said, there isn't much i can really add to the reviews already posted in terms of reviewing the movie itself.  If you've never seen it but loved the Matrix, you'll notice some obvious similarities (both in terms of plot and style).  Dark City really is one of the more intrigueing science fiction movies to come out for quite some time, and has even received some very notable praise from such highly-regarded critics as Siskel and Ebert, who named Dark City their &quot;movie of the year&quot; for 1998.
B00003CXA3|5.0|This is the BEST DVD I've seen so far.  Everything from the package to the extras was done with care!  I first saw the French Connection while still in high school in the mid 80's and was hooked.  It is in my opinion the FINEST COP MOVIE ever made. It also is a wonderful snapshot of the early 70's.  <BR>   I'm amazed at the picture quality!  I have a recent vhs version and there is no comparison.  In the vhs version, what looked like a sun drenched morning shot is now a bitter cold evening shot.  That is how yellow the vhs looks.  I had no idea the film had deteriorated so badly.  It's like seeing the movie for the first time.  The sound is excellent as well.  The singing by the Three Degrees at the begining of the film sounds less like a dubbed track and more like a live performance.<BR>   The extras are outstanding!  Friedkin's commentary is the best I've heard so far.  Genuinely informative comments about the making of the film that add a great deal. The bulk of the cut scenes are pretty bad but nonetheless great to see.  The documentaries are also among the best I've seen.  There is a scene of Sonny Grosso and Tony Lo Bianco walking by some of the &quot;scenes of the crimes&quot; that is really nice to see.  It's great to hear what went into the making of the chase scene.  They also explain the &quot;pick your feet&quot; comment! (Finally!)  Hackman &amp; Scheider's commentary is brief and could have been more scene specific but is very enjoyable.<BR>   This isn't a special effects, explosion filled crime movie.   This is a carefully constructed film that takes you into the lives of two New York cops.  They simply don't make movies like this anymore!  The documentary quality adds so much.  The direction, the camera work, the acting, &amp; the dialogue are all excellent!  I CAN'T GIVE THIS MOVIE OR THE DVD A HIGH ENOUGH RATING!  Get it and enjoy!
B000009QPE|5.0|This is the very best thrash/speed metal record I have heard. It is some of the fastest metal made, but even with speed for the sake of speed the lyrics and muscianship correspond perfectly. I disagree with people that dis on this record because of the lyrics on &quot;Angel Of Death&quot;: I don't believe they're racists or that they condone the holocaust. They were looking for inspiration and found it in a horrible mass murder. Perhaps that is not the right wording (makes it sound like they were exploiting it...)The lyrics make you realize the horror of the Holocaust and were intended to keep us from forgetting. Such depth!
B000002LCX|4.0|After all of these years, I still conclude that this is my least favorite Smiths album. But that is at least in part due to my affinity for Morrissey's work with the Smiths, and not his solo efforts. This album, I feel, is a foreshadowing to some extent of Morrissey's later career, a career I have enjoyed but never as much as the brilliance of the Morrissey/Marr team. That is not to say this is not a good album; the Smiths never released anything that was simply terrible. But it is not a good introduction to the band's finest and most representative work. &quot;Unhappy Birthday&quot; and &quot;I Won't Share You&quot; are very stong tunes, but others, such as &quot;Death at One's Elbow&quot; and &quot;Last Night I Dreamt&quot; just ring a bit hallow. This is of course a must have for any Smiths fan (esp. for those who view the singer's solo efforts as equal to that of the Smiths), but not a good start for beginners. For the latter, get Louder Than Bombs, a singles collection. I bought that album 10 years ago and it still makes me laugh, cry and think creatively about life. If you like what you hear, then move on to Meat is Murder and The Queen is Dead. After that, I'll leave it to your discretion.
B000002L5P|4.0|This is not the first album a newcomer to the Smiths should purchase for the simple reason that like most bands (including the greatest) the debut effort often includes not so great production and the immaturity of youth. But with a band so outstanding like the Smiths, at the end of the day you still can't go wrong. While the album (again, as to be expected) even includes some throwaways (&quot;miserable lie,&quot; &quot;pretty girls&quot;), it also happens to include some of the Smiths most beautiful and poetic (&quot;hand that rocks the cradle,&quot; &quot;suffer little children&quot;) as well as some timeless anthems (&quot;this charming man,&quot; &quot;still ill&quot;). Not their best, but for a debut this strong, an exciting taste of things to come.
B000002L7J|5.0|While The Queen is Dead is populary hailed as the Smiths greatest album, I've often debated in my mind if this work is just as good or at least close to it. Queen is often viewed as dark and moody, but this album goes even further in that direction. And while the lyrics are not always the most refined and poetic, the very performance itself of the music on this recording is arguably the greatest in the bands catalog. The sheer delivery of many songs on this album leaves such an unforgettable and emotional impact. Lyrics range from the feelings of loss and hopelessness to social commentary on issues such as corporal punishment, domestic abuse and vegetarianism. There is so much pain, frustration and a sense of life's absurdity built into these songs to touch the hearts of any newcomer to the Smiths. A very strong follow up to their debut.
B000002L9J|5.0|There is no need to argue whether or not this is the Smiths in their finest hour. After listening to it for the first time, you need not immediately come to that conclusion yourself, but you will undoubtedly understand why others do. Most of the songs on here are timeless; the production is clearly the stongest of any of the bands studio output, with a little bit of folk, African-highlife, rockabilly and some great wah-wah guitar on the title track. Is there any other band that can so successfully combine the tragic with the comedic (even in the same song)? No matter what they do, they always put substance, melody and sheer beauty at the forefront of their songs. The Smiths continued where the Beatles left off and in many instances went in even more impressive directions.
B000056K04|3.0|For those who liked the old-style DMB, this CD will sound a bit different.<br />First, Dave mumbles more.  I know, he has always mumbled, but it seems more pronounced (or unpronounced) on this CD.<br />Also, there is a cruel irony here:  The soungs seem more attuned to the radio crowd, yet they are at the same time less listenable.  How did they pull that off?<br />The sound, to me, is a bit more monotonous, less listenable.  Give me back my old DMB, please.
B00004STPT|5.0|This soundtrack has power, strength, sorrow, and romance all rolled up in one tight package.  Absolutely beautiful.  It has the energy to keep you going or the sultle tones to help you relax, without causing an unwanted sweat.  It is in some ways  reminiscent of Carl Orff's Carmina Burana if that helps.  This soundtrack is worth it.
B00003CXAA|2.0|First off, the 2 stars rating is not for the quality of the movie.  I doubt if any of you are reading reviews to see if the Godfather is a great movie.  Its my favorite and its the favorite of a lot of you out there.  The good thing is the sound and picture are better, but the bad thing is and I have seen this among the comments already,the extra scenes that you see when Godfather is on TV are not cut in within the movies.  Instead they are on a bonus disk where you have to watch them individually.  I have seen these scenes and they add a lot to the movie, they do not make the movie too long and they explain a lot.  For example, there is a scene after Connie's wedding where they visit a dying Genco Abbondando (Vito Corleone's concilliere before Tom Hagen)in the hospital.  Its the Godfather, Johnny fontane, Hagen, and the three sons.  There is a scene at the water fountain in the hospital where Vito tells Michael that he has plans for him and that he doesn't come to him like a son should, and Michael turns away and says &quot;we'll see&quot;.  This scene really demonstrated the whole theme of the movie, as Michael goes from not wanting anything to do with the family business to becoming a lot like his father.  This and other scenes should be included, and I though for the close to 80 bucks I spent I would get that.  I was a little dissapointed.  Still, if you are a Godfather fan like me you should own this set, and some of the extras on teh Bonus DVD are interesting, especially for someone like me who has watched the movie themselves hundreds of times.
B000056N8X|2.0|This movie is pathetic. I consider myself a fairly big Highlander fan and I felt deeply insulted after watching this seemingly hastily-thrown together slop. I walked into the theater expecting it to be more of a guilty pleasure intended only for true Highlander fans, but I walked out just feeling dirty. The television series on which most of this &quot;sequel&quot; is based appears much better produced/directed and with a comperable budget. This is a horrible way to &quot;end&quot; the series and leaves a very poor taste in my mouth after the cancelation of the tv series and the semi-watchable Highlander: Raven series. The only reason this gets 2 stars is because it's not quite as bad as some of the earlier attempts to continue the series on the big screen. This movie might actually be more entertaining for non-Highlander fans simply because they won't be groaning throughout the entire movie watching and agonizing over what could have been.
B00003CXZ4|3.0|I guess you'll read the other reviews so I'm just going to say that the whole &quot;no new memories&quot; aspect and the &quot;story told backwards&quot; thing just wears thin after awhile. The plot twists at the end, which is really the beginning, don't live up to the hype. This movie certainly made &quot;no new memories&quot; for me.<br />Why don't you try &quot;The Usual Suspects&quot; or &quot;The Manchurian Candidate&quot; instead?
B00005N9CV|2.0|Alright, I wouldn't say that this album is bad because there is still nice tracks like &quot;S' Wonderful&quot;, &quot;Cry Me A River&quot; and &quot;The Look of Love&quot;... Ms Krall sounded nice in these tracks as she manages to bring out the right feeling....<BR>Other than that, I think this album is a disappointment... The rest of the tracks sounded quite boring. Ms Krall sounded tired and I couldn't really catch the melody....<BR>Buy this album is you are really crazy over Diana Krall...<BR>If you're not and wants to listen to this album anyway... Just borrow this disc from a friend if he/she has it....
B00003CXE7|2.0|Really, I don't understand its appeal. Its plot is moronic: in case you didn't know, the emperor names a general (Russell Crow) as his sucessor. But then, suprise, the emperor's son takes the throne anyway. If this wasn't foolish enough, the general is then sent to be killed, but instead manages to escape, and then becomes a gladiator. I won't say the rest because I don't want to spoil it (not that there's much to spoil.) But really, based on the plot alone this movie didn't deserve &quot;Best Picture.&quot; Next there's the cardboard cut-out characters and mediocre acting.<br />I guess this movie is ok as far as action is concerned, but I've seen much better action direction and special effects than this movie has to offer. The decent action scenes are the reason this thing got 2 stars.<br />Anyway, if you're looking for plot, Spartacus would be a better choice. And if you're looking for action, Saving Private Ryan (although calling that movie an action movie isn't totally accurate) or The Matrix, would be wise choices. Just don't see this film because of all the hype its been given, it doesn't deserve it.
6304698798|5.0|This is the third and the best of the Clint Eastwood &quot;gunfighter with no name&quot; movies.  In &quot;A Fistful of Dollars&quot; Clint acted alone.  In &quot;For a Few Dollars More&quot; he teamed up with a second gunfighter, Lee Van Cleef.  In this one there are three of them, including Eli Wallach.  Lee Van Cleef is much better in this one because he is SO evil.  The production values are the highest in this one and it shows in many big scenes.  Many reviewers say that this is the best western ever made.  There are so many outstanding westerns, but this one is certainly up there with the best of them and is on everybody's short list of favorites.  Thank you.
B000021YQV|5.0|I don't even like metal but this album changed that,i can't believe i like this :) my opinion on the genre is worthless but i love this album.
6305622930|5.0|My DVD copy of Patton has the entire movie including him walking Willy toward the windmill. Not sure why the previous reviewer's copy was short. Anyway, this is one of my all time favorite movies. It is the best portrayal of a person that I've ever seen in any movie. If you like military movies, you won't be dissapointed in Patton.
B00004WG28|3.0|After a long search, I finally turned up a battered paperback copy of Margaret Leighton's &quot;Anna and the King of Siam&quot;, which I read with great voracity because I have always been interested in this story. &quot;The King and I&quot; with Deborah Kerr and Yul Brynner was a not infrequently shown entry on &quot;The 4:30 Movie&quot; here in NYC, and sometimes if you stayed up very late on a Saturday night, it was even possible to catch &quot;Anna and the King of Siam&quot; with Rex Harrison and Irene Dunne. The operative point of this little history is that I know the story of Anna Leonowens and her adventures as the British governess to the many children of the King of Siam story quite well. Apparently, they who made this Jodie Foster movie did not.<br />Both the Rex Harrison version and the Yul Brynner version hinge on the clash between two very strong personality types, the governess and the monarch. But the Jodie Foster movie doesn't treat it, at all. There is only mutual understanding at all times for these two: they NEVER are at odds and the The King is NEVER shown to be a despot--which he was! So, it seemed to me a sort of cinematic wish fulfillment: what if Deborah Kerr and Yul Brynner's love were allowed to flourish, and he never did the cruel things that mader her upset? Well, I guess you'd have a movie with no conflict, like &quot;Anna and the King&quot;.  The King is not supposed to be a warm and fuzzy person--he's an absolute monarch acting in a manner unacceptable to the mores of the British governess. Now, a different treatment would have been pershaps to show the situation from HIS point of view: how he went out on a limb to have a personage like this, a woman of independent movement, going around his court, which had to  scandalize his courtiers. Anna had a lot more freedom than any Siamese woman, and enjoyed priveleges denied to many Siamese me--why was this so?<br />So, I spent my time in the movie house waiting for the (what I thought wouldbe) inevitable culture clash between East and West which never came. Literature without conflict is boring, and so is cinema. To be sure, my friend to the left of me in the theatre was crying her eyes out at different junctures, but I sat unsatisfactorily unmoved and quite disappointed.<br />If you're looking for a better love story treatment of the subject, see &quot;The King and I&quot; featuring that dizzying polka which demonstrates the power of the repressed sexual tensions between the King and Anna--all the more interesting because it really looks like she will capitulate to his mastery of her until they are interrupted.<br />If you're looking for a better treatment of culture clash, by all means catch &quot;Anna and the King of Siam&quot; to see how Irene Dunne's Anna can't make sense of her surroundings and the people who populate the court and country, most of all her employer, Rex Harrison's King.<br />If you're looking for something else that looks nice and has modern sensibilities which totally miss the point of the story, then watch this Jodie Foster movie.
B000021YQV|5.0|I haven't been a SOAD fan for very long, and I hated &quot;Sugar&quot; the first time I've heard it. But NOW, I like every song on Toxicity and it can be memorable, though not as original as what they were known for. I love how Serj screams. And usually I don't say that about many artists. I'd pick this over Drowning Pool any day. This album still, however is packed with melodic songs. For instance we've got my personal favorite, &quot;Deer Dance&quot;, and others like the title track and, well, you'll see. This album is not like most metal, and pretty enjoyable. never heard the limited edition version, so I reviewed this. SOAD are pretty creative, one thing I've learned. Though it may be annoying to you, &quot;Bounce&quot; is still very enjoyable.<BR>Also, the song &quot;X&quot; is a very good song that says it all about Sept. 11. This is too good for words, and is the most enjoyable album of 2000. No whining included in here. Probably what makes it enjoyable.
B000002VMH|5.0|I never been really interested in the Eurythmics, so when they decided to break up late 80's I couldn't care less. Probably because their music was to eighties, or new wave or whatever, I really don't know why I didn't like it.<br />Then all of a sudden in 1992 a singer with a beautiful voice, which I thought I recognised, came on the radio... A beautiful melody, great lyrics and a really fabulous voice. <br />...How many times do I have to try to tell you, that I'm sorry for the things I done... These lyrics were the start of the song, from which - at that time - I didn't really know the deeper meaning of. Then the dj told me, and all the other people listening, who the woman was and what was the deeper meaning of the song. So a fan had been born. <br />When the cd was released in spring or summer 1992, I got me a copy of it and very soon it became one of my all time favourite albums.<br />Not only because of &quot;Why?&quot;, I need to mention. It has a good production team behind it, great lyrics, beautiful melodies and most of all it has her stunning voice!<br />There is only one song I don't like that much, that is &quot;Keep Young And Beautiful&quot;. It is not that it is a bad song or something because actually I think it's rather fabulous, but I don't really like the jazzy sound of it. Only a few months ago I found out that it was a song from 42nd Street - The musical - and then I got it, the jazzy sound is original.<br />Never thought I would really love her voice the way I do! But one song can make a difference...
B00004XOWM|2.0|Geez.... There's only one talented member of LB on this album.... Wes Borland. His side project, Big Dumb Face is much better than this. I liked LB's first two albums, whether you care or not, but the songs on Chocolate Starfish get old real fast. Also, Fred WILL be talented if he leaves his silliness of LB and duos with Johnny Rzeznick of the Goo Goo Dolls, how he did excellent with on the sept. 11 tribute. DJ Lethal was pretty good back in the days of House of Pain.... but he's so repetitive on this album.<br />This album is nonsensical. I know that Trent Reznor sang about him and other people in media for &quot;No, You Don't&quot;. THAT was listenable somehow. THIS, on the other hand wasn't. He just simply made a corny bash talking about how on the &quot;Starsuckers, Inc.&quot; video from NIN video when he shows his thoughts on Fred Durst, and he says the F-word twice in minimum in every line of &quot;Hot Dog&quot;. The song is very mediocre, and its quality is just by simply laughing at this dumb song.<br />Durst proves once more to be unoriginal with LB with some singles, notably the bigger ones. &quot;My Generation&quot; was very laughable when I heard Durst spit out &quot;hey kids/take my advice, you don't wanna step into a big pile of s**&quot; does he think this is songwriting? It may be satire, but it's also dumb. then the song is very repetitive, due to his obsession with the S- and F-words.<br />&quot;Getcha Groove On&quot; is actually decent, despite Durst's weak vocals. It's psuedo-hip-hop beats and chorus match, making it enjoyable. And was there really a reason to make 2 versions of &quot;Rollin'&quot;? I didn't see any. They just try too hard to make a rock and rap appeal.... And with the band, they all love to avoid talent.<br />And there was a reason for &quot;Boiler&quot; to flop. It wasn't catchy at all. The chorus was whiny, and average at best.<br />The album is far from worthy because &quot;My Way&quot; was good until it was overplayed, but certainly didn't have to take so long to be written. It scares me that he (Fred) has some talented bands to his record label, such as Cold and Staind. Unfortunately, those are the only ones. The first two were much better, and the closest thing to original Fred could have done was Significant Other.
B00005JKOV|1.0|As part of a movie group, last week we were afforded the opportunity to see Waking Life before it opened.  At first when the audience heard that this film was animated and used old and new techniques, there were some groans.  But my purpose in  joining this group was to see movies other than the blockbuster conventional films so I truly looked forward to this experience with an open mind. Unfortunately I learned much too quickly that the groans were justified as was the audience's deaprture from the theater before the movie ended.  Never one to give up easily, I decided to stick with it but ultimately felt it was a waste of time.<br />My first objection to the movie was the use of this new animated feature where the screen was never without some sort of motion.  Focusing on one of the faces, there was movement from the cheek, forehead let alone the eyes and nose and mouth.  At times I became so dizzy that I had to close my eyes.  And I wasn't ever quite sure what the subject matter was all about. It seemed as though a young boy was interviewing teachers or mentors about the meaning of life, etc.  But one scene, in light of the recent World Trade Center tragedy in New York, was particularly gruesome.  A man speaking to the younger man comments that life is almost futile upon which he pours gasoline over himself and then lights himself causing his incineration.  I would have found this horrifying at any time but especially now, it was seat squirming awful to view that scene.<br />I will close by saying that perhaps my appreciation level for movies like this isn't what it should be or perhaps I'm not all that sophisticated a moviegoer after all.  Today I feel it was a waste of time to view this film and think if I had stayed at home and rented a movie or watched one on TV, I would have been a much happier camper.
B00005NZJX|4.0|(The product description has since been fixed to reflect the actual contents of the cds.)<br />First off the music is great, but there's only one video track (19-2000) not three, not to mention that it isn't \\"viewable on all DVD players.\\" I was very dissapointed to find this out after purchasing it. Only one star off, because the music is the biggest draw anyway. Save your money and get the regular CD. I'm sure you can find the videos scattered across the web.
B00005NI5Y|5.0|dylan...to say the name conjures up or down a thousand ideas inside ten thousand heads...reality has always had...we are indeed lucky idiots to still breathe the extemporaneous genius that is the masquerade parade with one habd waving free that is robert zimmerman...who else? highway 61 revisited...blood on the tracks...oh mercy...time out of mind...60s, 70s, 80s,90s...every recent decade has been witness to a masterpiece by bob dylan...<BR>the ones mentioned only reflect so-called popular opinion...if you asked me i might say: another side of bob dylan...desire...<BR>shot of love...under the red sky...in either case, what is left out is massive...an impressive array of gems simply overlooked...<BR>it seems a lot of folks are not overlooking love &amp; theft...this is a wonderful thing...he is our shakespeare our rimbaud our picasso our van gogh...&amp; of course he is none of them &amp; more...<BR>for a few bucks you can buy love &amp; theft...it will fill your heart as well as your mind...for a few more bucks you can buy a<BR>ticket &amp; hear &quot;columbia recording artist bob dylan&quot; right before<BR>a live rendition of near perfectly re-invented songs...either way<BR>you won't go wrong...but do us all a favour &amp; don't compare arrows and bows...because something is happening here &amp; you don't know what it is between the king &amp; the queen of swords...<BR>I can write you poems / make a strong man lose his mind...<BR>of course of course...you'll never be greater than yourself...
B00005JKHP|4.0|I know, I know.  All the bitching about plot depth and the such.  I just loved this movie for the visual escape that it achieved.  It's just nice to be able plug this movie in and let the surround and big screen take control.  'Bout time.
B00003CX8I|4.0|The four lead actors give wonderful performances. Patrick Stewart and Ian McKellen give the film an intelligence that you wouldn't expect from a comic book film. And Hugh Jackman and Anna Paquin give the film real emotion. It's their relationship that defines the concept that the X-Men are tragic superheroes. He's a man who chooses to be a loner, she's a girl who's forced to be a loner. And though Jackman gave the most entertaining performance, it is Paquin who gives the best performance in terms of pure acting. She has to make you care about Rogue if you're going to care about the movie. And she does an excellent job of it. Paquin plays Rogue as a real teenage girl with a horrible affliction. You care about her because you believe her character. You feel for her.<br />Director Bryan Singer should be applauded for casting these four excellent actors instead of big name stars or Hollywood bimbos. By going with quality, Singer tried to give the comic book genre intellectual and emotional weight. He succeeded.<br />Great special effects, action, humor, and a great performance from the cast makes The X-Men one of the best comic book films, ranking alongside Batman and Superman. Let's just hope the X-Men sequels are better than the sequels to those films.
B00005MP58|4.0|This version of Pride & Predjudice is my absolute favorite.  I have owned the tapes and the original DVD.  As far as the movie itself goes, the characters are all perfectly cast.  From the embarassingly annoying Mrs. Bennet, the sweet oldest sister Jane, the condescending and IQ challenged Mr. Collins, to the feisty Elizabeth and the Proud Mr. Darcy, you will find yourself engrossed in every character's story. Colin Firth is the perfect Mr. Darcy, and manages to steal almost every scene he is in.  The actors really seem to enjoy playing these bigger than life characters.  The script was written to stay true to the original novel.  The scenery in breathtaking, and you will find yourself paying as much attention to the beautiful countryside as you will the drama.    As for technical details, the biographies that are included on this special version are simply printed words on the screen.  Interesting information, but each bio is only one or two paragraphs long with a complete list of credits for only a few of the characters.  The mini featurette is okay.  My bottom line:  if you love romance, drama, and history then this is the movie for you.  If you already own it on tape or have the original dvd, save your money and enjoy the version you have.    Update- 12/2005...I have watched this series a few times now. It is so easy to put it in and just watch one of the hour long episodes at a time.  I am so glad I bought this DVD and am enjoying it four years after purchasing it!
B00003CX5P|2.0|...but I didn't expect Star Wars Phantom Menace to be one of them.  I grew up with the original trilogy. I adored it as a child, and continue to as an adult. I waited sixteen anxious years for the release of Episode I, only to leave the theater feeling as if I had just had a bad dream. What can I say about this movie that hasn't been said before? Oh well. I 'll do it anyway. The screenplay, if you can call it that, is simply terrible. The dialogue is nearly impossible to listen to, the &quot;story&quot; is virtually non-existent. I don't think Lucas even know what kind of a story he was trying to tell. The dialogue exists only to string together the obviously fake, cg effect sequences. The special effects in the original looked better. There is virtually no character development, and as such, no character about whom you care in the enitre thing. A potentially great cast is literally wasted by Lucas in favor of his digital effects. The whole thing is bascially a video game that you watch, rather than play. The &quot;story&quot; if you really try to follow it, or make ANY sense of it, has more holes than the Moon does craters. The entire package is an insult to the audience. No matter what their age may be. Lucas had sixteen years to make this movie. After watching it, you get the distinct feeling that he spent those sixteen years inventing the special effects you see in the movie, but put off writing the script until the night before filming began. It is the biggest movie disappointment in the history of films. Seventeen years ago, Lucas said in an interview, that a special effect without a story is a pretty boring thing. He should have remembered that while he was producing this atrocity.
B0000027RL|5.0|I am a very eclectic listener of good music, everything from Mr.Beethoven to Little Richard to U2 to Garbage to whatever have you.<BR>I came across this album in 1992 when my cousin bought this and would listen to it 24/7. Early on, I didnt quite like the heavy sound but a year later I ended up buying the album for nostalgia's sake and to figure out why everyone liked this album. The answer I got and everyone has a different one was quite neat. This music grows on you with its sound and mood. I have listened to a lot of Pearl Jam after this one but they never came close to Ten, their energetic debut. Many years later hearing the familiar basslines of ONCE and the screeching lead of EVEN FLOW, and Vedder's introspective colorful tone remind me why this album grew on me. Personally with a lot of experiences this album is very cathartic for me and the fact that so many people have written about this album and connect with it so  differently and strongly obviously shows how powerful a work of music this is and how its touched so many. Intresting to note here is that most people &quot;grew&quot; to like it on more then one listen and then it entered their collective best lists. give this one a  go..and give it a chance for a couple of listens.<br />if im right you wont regret this.
B00004Z459|5.0|This is what I have to say about this cd: ........ Absolutely amazing. Buy this and you will be glad that you spent your money on something that you actually like. All there songs are great! <br />Well now i'll say something that I have to get out. I'm sure that many of you have read that Linkin Park is another N*sync or limp bizkit. Linkin Park in no way at all sounds like or uses the same style of music as N*sync (yes I have heard N*sync before and I hate them, there music isnt great and like someone else said, the only reason they get to the top is because girls think that they are cute). Also Linkin Park does not copy Limp Bizkit at all. There style of music is so much different then that of Limp Bizkit. Once again this is an excellent cd, if you are a rock fan I highly suggest that you buy this cd.
B00004RJ74|5.0|Cheech Chong in multiple roles.  Salma Hayek as a stripper/vampire (a combination that rivals peanut butter and chocolate as far as I'm concerned).  George Clooney as the epitome of cool.  Quentin Tarantino as the epitome of psychotic.  And Harvey Keitel as a mean &quot;mm-hmm mm-hmm&quot; servant of the lord.<br />You couldn't really ask for much more from a movie than this.<br />The dialogue during the first two-thirds of the movie is diamond-like in quality.  The action in the final third of the movie is riproaring.  This is truly a movie that is not afraid to be totally cool and bad right down to the bone.<br />And if I hear one more person tell me that it's really bizarre how the whole first half of the movie has no supernatural elements and the second half of the movie is like a totally different movie, I'm going to give up on humanity altogether.  For one thing, I have no idea why that should matter.  These same people probably loved Pulp Fiction, which had how many storylines?  And for another thing, it's actually unusual to have such amazing character development in a movie about vampires before anyone gets killed.<br />I LOVE this movie!  I love this movie enough to have the movie poster framed, hanging in my living room.  If you don't have a copy of it already, buy it, and cherish it for the true cinematic gem that it is.
B00003CX8J|5.0|I loved this movie when it hit the screen a few years ago, and the DVD makes sure you will relive the feeling all over again. With a lot (and I mean a LOT!!!) of extras like interviews, documentaries, trailers, lost scenes, this DVD is a must. The movie will give you plenty already but the people from FOX that gave you this DVD made a remarkable job putting it together with a cool design and a great packaging.
B00004RJ74|5.0|Cheech Chong in multiple roles.  Salma Hayek as a stripper/vampire (a combination that rivals peanut butter and chocolate as far as I'm concerned).  George Clooney as the epitome of cool.  Quentin Tarantino as the epitome of psychotic.  And Harvey Keitel as a mean &quot;mm-hmm mm-hmm&quot; servant of the lord.<br />You couldn't really ask for much more from a movie than this.<br />The dialogue during the first two-thirds of the movie is diamond-like in quality.  The action in the final third of the movie is riproaring.  This is truly a movie that is not afraid to be totally cool and bad right down to the bone.<br />And if I hear one more person tell me that it's really bizarre how the whole first half of the movie has no supernatural elements and the second half of the movie is like a totally different movie, I'm going to give up on humanity altogether.  For one thing, I have no idea why that should matter.  These same people probably loved Pulp Fiction, which had how many storylines?  And for another thing, it's actually unusual to have such amazing character development in a movie about vampires before anyone gets killed.<br />I LOVE this movie!  I love this movie enough to have the movie poster framed, hanging in my living room.  If you don't have a copy of it already, buy it, and cherish it for the true cinematic gem that it is.
0425107469|5.0|Koontz is the best story writter I have seen, this book in particular caught my eye.The story line kept me on the edge of my seat, I couldn't put the book down. The movie was ok, but it didn't follow the book, in the movie it said that Travis was a 16 year old boy when in fact he was in his 40's in the book. Koontz's books are the only book I'll read now, I have most of his books and I can honestly say &quot;Dean Koontz is the best out there!&quot;
6305127638|4.0|First Contact is something like Die Hard in space with Jean Luc Picard as John McClain.  Sort of, anyway.  If you're a Star Trek fan, it's even better.  <br />I recently re-watched this movie with a good friend of mine who liked Generations a lot.  I was hoping to convince him that he was missing the boat with First Contact, which is the only really strong movie from the Next Generation series of movies.  I don't think I succeeded, and it's unfortunate, because any movie that can turn me into a Next Generation fan is something special indeed.<br />Patrick Stewart's performance as Ahab/Picard/Action-movie-hero is so unbelievably good that it eclipses just about everything else in the movie.  The last time I saw melodrama this good was from Shatner and Montalban in The Wrath of Khan, and this even rivals that.  <br />This movie was so good in fact that it even inspired a certain fondness for Jonathan Frakes in me--as a director anyway, since as an actor he really only has two expresssions/emotions:  amused and determined.<br />The only major flaw in the movie was the character of Lily and her interaction with Picard.  There wasn't necessarily anything wrong with their exchanges; it's just that most of the criticism she through Picard's way would have been so much more powerful coming from a character we knew and loved from the series.<br />If only we could see this kind of drama and excitement and wonder in all the Star Trek movies...
B00004Z459|5.0|This is honestly my favorite cd of all time.  Linkin Park is the perfect blend of rap and bone-crushing hard rock, with no cussing.  The hardest song: #2 One Step Closer.  Best lyrics: #4 Points of Authority.  Best overall sound: 3-way tie between     #5 Crawling, #8 In the End, and #10 Forgotten.<br />                    LONG LIVE lINKIN PARK!!!!!!
6305546789|5.0|I don't have a lot of traditions when it comes to movies.  I eat the same thing every time I go to the theater (buttered popcorn, nestle crunch, and sprite), but other than that and where I sit in the theater (about a third of the way back, in the center of that row), I only have one move tradition:  watching Halloween every October 31.<br />This movie defined modern horror movie cliches.  You've seen some of the shots, angles, pacing and editing so many times in so many movies, that you forget just how innovative and spooky this masterpiece was when it originally came out.  And even though much of the movie is predictable now, considering we've all seen it and its ilk hundreds of times over the last twenty or thirty years or so, it's so well-done that it still scares me.  Every time.<br />The music is creepy and beautiful at the same time.  Donald Pleasance is hypnotically melodramatic.  Jamie Lee Curtis is young, beautiful, and convincing as the scream queen.  And Halloween in the little town of Haddonfield is so much like Halloween in the small town where I grew up that it's unbelievable how believable this movie becomes.<br />And that's the reason this movie is so effective:  it combines perfect music, great dialogue and acting, brilliant editing, with a genuine small town atmosphere.  We could see ourselves living in Haddonfield, and that makes it easier to see ourselves as possible victims of Mike Myers.<br />And that's what scares us.
B00003CXAA|5.0|i just bought this on dvd and watched all the way through and must say that i am impressed with the quality of both sound and picture. thankyou for putting this out on dvd, paramount. now if you could only get to indiana jones on dvd....
B00004RJ74|5.0|Cheech Chong in multiple roles.  Salma Hayek as a stripper/vampire (a combination that rivals peanut butter and chocolate as far as I'm concerned).  George Clooney as the epitome of cool.  Quentin Tarantino as the epitome of psychotic.  And Harvey Keitel as a mean &quot;mm-hmm mm-hmm&quot; servant of the lord.<br />You couldn't really ask for much more from a movie than this.<br />The dialogue during the first two-thirds of the movie is diamond-like in quality.  The action in the final third of the movie is riproaring.  This is truly a movie that is not afraid to be totally cool and bad right down to the bone.<br />And if I hear one more person tell me that it's really bizarre how the whole first half of the movie has no supernatural elements and the second half of the movie is like a totally different movie, I'm going to give up on humanity altogether.  For one thing, I have no idea why that should matter.  These same people probably loved Pulp Fiction, which had how many storylines?  And for another thing, it's actually unusual to have such amazing character development in a movie about vampires before anyone gets killed.<br />I LOVE this movie!  I love this movie enough to have the movie poster framed, hanging in my living room.  If you don't have a copy of it already, buy it, and cherish it for the true cinematic gem that it is.
B00005NI5Y|5.0|Right now, there's nothing else that's worth listening to. Truth, versus lies, that's where we are. This is the truth. &quot;The future for me, is already a thing of the past. You were my first love, and you will be my last.&quot; Which side are you on?
B00004ZAV3|5.0|I love this album. It was my first actual Beatles purchase although i spent my life listening to &amp; growing up with to these wonderful thought provoking songs. Thanks to the Beatles. in addition to the other many wonderful songs One doesn't have on it... Beatles#2 needs to include Dear Prudence ok?.
B00004Y6NM|3.0|This is the so-called &quot;comeback album&quot; which hailed Eric Clapton's entry into the MTv age, circa 1985.  While it certainly accomplished his goal, the overall album was a decidedly mixed bag, partially the fault of Clapton's label, Warner Brothers.<br />After the disappointment of &quot;Money &amp; Cigarettes&quot;, Clapton turned to the then-red-hot Phil Collins to produce his next record.  The finished product was sent to Warner Brothers and WB tinkered with it, insisting that EC add a few new Ted Templeman-produced tracks: &quot;Forever Man&quot;, &quot;Something's Happening&quot;, and &quot;See What Love Can Do&quot;.  These tunes were heavily promoted by WB and ended up being a big help to the album's success.  However, this tinkering caused the album to have an uneven feel between the Templeman and Collins-produced tracks.  Also evident is that the Clapton/Collins team were still searching for synergy.<br />&quot;Forever Man&quot;, one of the Templeman tunes, is easily the strongest tune on the album, containing one of the best intros on record.  It spools up, then flies!  It is worth buying this album just to get this tune.<br />The best of the Collins tracks are &quot;She's Waiting&quot; &amp; &quot;Just like a Prisoner.  Although both are examples of solid songwriting and performing, none of the tracks are particular standouts which would have produced a big hit, thus the reason WB felt compelled to intervene.<br />On the down side &quot;Never Make You Cry&quot; &amp; &quot;Same Old Blues&quot; went on way too long and started to drag, even though the latter was the closest EC came to a true blues tune.<br />Despite its limitations, it is still a decent album, although the Collins/Clapton team would not gel until their next ablum, &quot;August&quot;.
B00005Q45W|5.0|His voice is tempered with gravel, but the words are still magic.The album only gets better with a few listenings.  He has been missed, and this may be one of his last works, but it was worth the wait.
B00005NNT1|5.0|I have had this video for several years. My grandchildren that I babysit with watch it often. They are always wanting to take it home. I am ordering them one now. It is such a delightful movie and the young ones are so intrigued by it. They love the dwarfts and of course Snow White. This world would be so much nicer if only there were more movies like this instead of the blood and guts they see in other movies. Keep releasing more of these giants of Disney. They are wonderful. I have almost the entire collection. My grandchildren can hardly wait for Cinderella to be released. I have it also and dearly love it.
B000056VIY|5.0|what can I say???? Jen did a great job on this CD, I like J.LO much better than On The 6, but both albums are great...hope she release's more like these:-)So please for those of yall who don't have this album nor on the 6 i recomend you get both:-)
B00005NWRS|5.0|This a less a review than pure advocacy. Something I haven't ever heard, maybe ever, so remarkably done in a combination...so well done. I don't care how you come across this but pay it its due respects. Maybe you remember your first albums and the attention you paid and the admiration your had for those early moments of music in your life. Do it again. <br />Scanning the ...reviews you'll hear references and confused comparisons to the following Heroes and Anti-Heroes: Dylan, Neil Young, Bruce Springsteen, Rolling Stones, Van Morrison, Gram Parsons, Uncle Tupelo, Paul Westerberg, Nick Drake, Lou Reed, The Who, Grateful Dead, Mellancamp, Elton John and I'd add Freddie Mercury, Joan Armatrading, Liz Phair, Jeff Buckley and every one else that can sing the pants off a dragon or write lyrics and turns to charm you out of yourideaofyourself and into imagination. The big take away is the complete failure of comparison. Not because he's better than any of these marvels, but that he is a mix so original, so fine in his modest glory that the paltry word 'like' falls to the ground. I am struck by a great musician in many ways, and so pleased that a friend had invited me to go hear rock and roll one Wednesday night. The whole thing is A Great Song.
B00000K0DT|3.0|Sometimes it seems that it's almost not worth it to write a less than enthusistic review these days.  Any of the critiques below that are less than five star raves garner nothing but &quot;unhelpfuls&quot;--which begs the question: if you already KNOW you love it (or are gonna love it), why bother reading other people's reviews?<br />Well, gang, this one is NOT for the legions who are already devotes of this movie.  It's for those who may have heard that it's an ingenious film with a startling surprise ending...and who are intrigued but still not sure if it's for them. Quite simply, Here's how to tell: if you like Tarentino-style plot twists and characterizations, this may be for you.  It's not nearly as inventive as &quot;Pulp Fiction&quot; or &quot;Reservoir Dogs,&quot; but it is clever enough for an evening's entertainment.<br />On the other hand, too much cleverness can be a trap.  &quot;The Usual Suspects&quot; is just a tad too self-congratulatory for my tastes. And yes, if you know the genre at all, it IS possible to guess the ending.  And yes again, the cast is impressive--more impressive than the dialogue or the direction.  <br />So Bryan Singer went on to direct such masterpieces as &quot;Apt Pupil&quot;? Hmmm, that says a lot.<br />(SPOILER WARNING: Did they come up with the arch-villain's name only after they had cast the film?)
B000021YQV|5.0|This is easily the one of the best cds I have ever heard. Although the first time you listen to it chances are you will go right to Chop Suey. Good song but by far not the best. After you listen to it 2 or 3 times you are addicted. And you take Chop Suey with all the others. The lyrcics are very weak but it does not matter at all because the dynamics in Serj's voice will blow you away. And I promise you, if u like hard core speed metal then this cd will never leave your player.
B00003CXCQ|5.0|This has got to be one of the best DVDs ever.  It's just loaded with extras, not to mention the crystal clear version of the very first animated film ever-----Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.  The picture is stunning, vivid, and the colors are so perfect.  Kids will love it, and adults will be thrilled.  Snow White tells the story of a fair-skinned princess and the seven miners who befriend her, an envious queen, a handsome prince, and a dutiful huntsman who doesn't have the heart to murder Snow White.  The music is just as fantastic as the movie.  Buy it today.  I highly recommend it.  Besides, you'll want to purchase this landmark DVD before it is placed on moratorium in January of 2002.  Get it before it's gone forever!!  You won't regret it.
B000003CMB|5.0|To repeat all the accolades for this album is riduculous.  Most everyone who has reviewed this album, have all agreed.  This is without a doubt the best live album ever recorded.  Im 52, and for 3 1/2 years we in New York, and those of you from Frisco, had the privledge of attending the Fillmore.  The 1st time I saw the Allmans at the Fillmore, I almost dropped dead.  They cooked, and they boogied like no other band I have ever seen or heard.  Never has a band ever had the power of 2 of the best rock guitarists alive.  For too short a time, Duane Allman and Dickie Betts took us on journeys to places we had never been before. In concert, there was no equal.  Buy this album, and take a journey to someplace you've never been.
0767803434|5.0|I swear that &quot;Air Force One&quot; is really a Tom Clancy/Jack Ryan story.  I mean, HARRISON FORD plays Jack Ryan (or did at the time) and in the latest Tom Clancy books Jack Ryan is President, and here is Harrison Ford as PRESIDENT JAMES MARSHALL!  Sounds logical to me!  Here is a President who FIGHTS BACK against terrorists!  GARY OLDMAN gets to play the terrorist, who is some sort of RUSSIAN neo-natioanolist type named Korshunov!  Everybody on the plane wants the president to be SAFE, but not our HERO!  Nice job by GLENN CLOSE as the Vice-President with DEAN STOCKWELL doing an Al Haig impersonation and WILLIAM MACY as a regular air force guy!  Solid ACTION film from director WOLFGANG PETERSEN, but I sure am curious what the Secret Service and the USAF think about the stuff that happens for the terrorist to take over the plane!
078322737X|5.0|During the 1970s there was a tremendous interest in '50s nostalgia, and American Graffiti hit the target dead-on.  It has been stated many times, but this film's soundtrack is without a doubt the finest collection of '50s/early '60s songs.  Those who were immersed in the '70s muscle car scene simply salivated at the romantic portrayal of cruising and street racing.  While this film is most often remembered today as a springboard for several future super-stars, it is much more than that.  The key story element centers around high school friends going their separate ways, leaving the lifestyle they love behind.  Anyone with fond memories of high school will be touched by the confusion and doubts that each character experiences when facing an uncertain future.  This is a truly great film by any measure...highly recommended.
B000002G7G|5.0|I know people say the 1st album is essential but this is more  representation of the Velvets than anything.  No John Cale but his vision remains.  Soft songs like CANDY SAYS, PALE BLUE EYES and JESUS are minimal and quiet but still retain a subtle groove that explodes on tracks like WHAT GOES ON, BEGINING TO SEE THE LIGHT and IM SET FREE.  This combination of quiet and loud is great.  My Favorite song SOME KIND OF LOVE is a groovin country twang with some great lyrics from Lou Reed about who really knows what for sure.  THE MURDER MYSTERY is a hold over experimental track from the WHITE LIGHT/WHITE HEAT album.  All styles are here.
6303394000|5.0|I once and still do lump this film into a group of three: Fellini's 8 1/2, Woody Allen's Manhatten, and Fosse's All That Jazz. (It was nice to read that a reputable reviewer agrees.) As one who fully embraces the French &quot;auteur theory&quot; of filmaking, I'm pulled toward autobiographical films, of which all three qualify. I also feel strongly that cinematic musicals are the ultimate form of entertainment because of the logistical difficulties of combining so many artistic expressions into one medium. Well, All That Jazz is an auteur musical--and that's hard to beat. It is simply one of the best films ever made. That it combines the complex inner workings of a struggling artist who turns pain into gain as a contribution to the world and does so with great music, sexy women, a tear-jerking father/daughter relationship, a dozen or so revealing observations of life itself, razzle dazzle, and great dancing choreographed by the best American choreographer...quite simply--buy it, watch it and if you don't agree with me, then you're probably dead.
B00005AQF7|5.0|Words can hardly describe the quality of this album. Dre's beats, Snoops fantastic flow and his voice combine to a pefect mixture on &quot;Doggystyle&quot;. Snoop could never reach this level of his solo debut again on any later album. No wonder; &quot;Doggystyle&quot; is a once-in-a-lifetime-achievement.<br />This album had a massive impact on the rap-industry and produced some classic songs which still today rappers refer to in their songs. This includes &quot;Who Am I (What's My Name)?&quot;, &quot;Murder Was the Case&quot; and &quot;Ain't No Fun (If The Homies Can't Have None)&quot;. These are the standout-tracks of the album, but all of the songs a great. There's not a single weakpoint on this masterpiece. Aprt from that you get some brilliant guest-appearances by Nate Dogg and Warren G (who had formed the group &quot;213&quot; with Snoop earlier), Kurupt, the Lady of Rage and many more.<br />There are many references to Dr. Dre's &quot;The Chronic&quot;, on which Snoop appeared first. It's a kind of a sequel; but it's even better than it's predecessor, which put L.A. on the map. But as I said in the beginning, you have to listen to &quot;Doggystyle&quot; yourself. It's definitively one of the Top 5 rap albums of all time.
B000002UDD|5.0|What a great album. This is truly one of Megadeth's best. It is one of the most uderated albums of all time. How can anyone dare to give this album anything less than 5 stars. Set the world A'fire is one of Megadeth's all time best songs. Anarchy for the U.K. is the best cover ever made. Mary Jane has some brilliant solos. And In my Darkest Hour is just so god damn good. I left the best for last HOOK IN MOUTH, HOOK IN MOUTH, HOOK IN MOUTH. BUY THIS ALBUM NOW.
B000005S0E|4.0|a good one but i miss the cure's music like faith very moody and would draw you in faith is the greatest out there nothing comes close to that one well mabe The Smiths the queen is dead those two are top..the top is worth haven i just miss the cure from the early 80's .
B00005NI5Y|5.0|It's like he woke up one morning and thought to himself, &quot;Hey, wait a minute, I'm BOB DYLAN!&quot; Mind-boggling, ferocious, funny, human, transcendent. Challenges Highway 61, maybe even Blonde on Blonde. A miracle. (More to come after some time for digestion . . .)
6305622930|5.0|I just bought this from Amazon.Com on DVD and all I can say is &quot;WOW!&quot; Whatta documentary! George C. Scott steals the show!<br />The &quot;Purple Heart scene&quot; was one of the best, along with the &quot;donkeys on the bridge scene&quot; and the &quot;Chapel scene&quot;.<br />NOTE: My great-uncle Will Lang Jr.(a Time/Life reporter) followed the campaign of Patton and was also a friend of the famous political cartoonist Bill Maudlin
B00004XONN|5.0|There have been reviews ...for Kid A which are unfair to say the least. They've been accused of copying Aphex Twin, \\"wanking\\", enraging their pop-hungry crowd, and even making an unlistenable album. Saying Thom was copying Aphex Twin is like saying \\"The Residents copied Harry Partch and Sun Ra\\" or \\"Puff Daddy is copying Snoop Dog.\\" It's very possible that Radiohead decided to make different music. Besides, Only some of the album sounds remotely like Aphex Twin.<BR>Most guitar solos are \\"wanking\\", experimentalism is far from it.<BR>Thom cannot decide what the public wants to hear, thats MTV's job.<BR>Finally, this album is DIFFERENT from what most folks are used to listening to. I hope this very good album from a very good pop band turns people on to DIFFERENT music other than your every-day party pops and hop hops and rag mops and whatnot. DIFFERENT music may not always be on sale or even be sold in your local Blockbuster (wouldn't you know!). <BR>Besides, to the average listener, if you listen to this album (or any other piece of music for that matter) you'll like it. Thats how radio hits are made. Play one style over and over again so all the pop bands can copy it and become even more popular with the Radio-listening public.<BR>Maybe if Kid A got on the radio more, U2 would have caught on and we'd be listening to Kid A copycat songs all day. Wouldn't that be funny?
0812550706|5.0|Ender's Game, by Orson Scott Card, is a fantastic book that covers the life of a child-soldier created by the government for the salvation of humanity. Card's characters are well developed and believable because they have characteristics that you see in yourself.  No matter how evil or good the character, there are characteristics in them that you can see in yourself.<br /><br />I first read this book when I was twleve years old. Since then I've read it five or six more times. It is one of those books that you read and it stays with you so you will want to read it again.<br />This book was, by far, the best book of the Ender Saga.
B00004Z511|2.0|The artwork and cover for that matter are much better on the original version. This is much to expensive for such a bad package. Get The jewel-cased cheaper edition of this phenominal CD. The vinyl edition aint bad either if you dig vinyl.<BR>If you didn't get the Limited Edition of Amnesiac however, shame shame shame.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|This film is truly excellent.  I was unsure at first about seeing it, but I was accompanied by a friend who had seen it, at that time, 8 times before.  She vouched for its greatness.  I discovered that not only can Ewan McGregor sing (and very well), but Nicole Kidman has some pipes on her!  The story is amazing, and I can't wait until it comes out on video!!<BR>Ewan McGregor's character, Christian, tells the story after everything has happened, after his true love has died.  Its a beautiful story of true love, even though sometimes we just want to yell &quot;Christ Satine! Run off with him!!&quot;  Makes me want to name my children Christian and Satine...everything in this movie is so perfect, and the only way I keep from going insane before it comes out on video is to listen to the soundtrack at every chance I get!
B00004XONN|5.0|This is not a radio friendly album... if you're a radio friendly person, I advise you to steer clear of it.
0767903862|4.0|In this book Bill Bryson has managed to take humor and mix it with a sense of seriousness in a way that leaves the reader amazed.  Sharing his adventures in the oft forgot land down under he combines a travelogue and a humor column with an unique look at life (and death) in Australia.  Whether he is taking you along as he crosses the great outback, daring death at every turn, or just kicking back for a beer or two (or three, or four.....) in homey Australian pubs he manages to portray a sense of what it is really like, just to make sure you are absolutely crazy if you want to go there.  He takes you to some of Australia's most  ignored wonders, like a tree walk, a 100ft high board walk, among some of the tallest, most magnificent trees in Australia.  He brings you to a colony of Stromatolites, the first living organism on earth, the largest of three known surviving colonies.  Whether Bryson's floundering in the water off the Great Barrier Reef or boogie boarding in a swarm of poisonous jellyfish he brings together the most exciting and the most mundane parts of life down under for all to see and share.
B00003CXAA|5.0|My title says it all. This is it, folks. This is what a DVD should be: extras, commentaries, deleted scenes, on location specials, &quot;making-of&quot; specials... the only thing this set does not give you is a whacking.<br />I picked up my copy yesterday and played with the &quot;extras&quot; disc for about 2 hours. It has everything you've ever wanted to know about &quot;The Godfather&quot; and then some! The extras are splendid, but the movie is what we all want, right? You get all three of them in DVD quality picture and sound in their original theatrical ratio. You just can't lose!<br />The only, tiny, minuscule little thing I don't care for is the packaging of the set. I was hoping for something a little less flimsy as the cardboard cases. I would have preferred the plastic cases, but that really is the only complaint I have about this set.<br />&quot;The Godfather&quot; set the standards for drama motion pictures. Now this DVD set will set the standards for all future releases. You will be spoiled with this set, but it is soooo worth it.
B00005JKOJ|5.0|Funny Girl is beyond \\"BEYOND\\"!!<BR>Streisand is utterly spectacular!!I've seen this film at least 20 times and she still drives me wild...<BR>and that voice! THAT GLORIOUS, GLORIOUS VOICE!!<BR>So much has been written about the Streisand temperment and demands through the years...Well, friends, with the talent God blessed her with she is beyond reproach...<BR>Sing on Barbra! Sing on!!
B00001OH7P|5.0|Anything else than five stars is a crime! <br />This is an album that is as important to the seventies and the eighties as Revolver was to the sixties. It defined the tone for the next two decades and set in motion major movements such as Glam Rock, Punk Rock, and New Wave. In fact, THIS is the pivotal album that led the music world out of the drug-induced musical logjam of the late sixties and into the mesmeric and constantly metamorphosising variety of music genres that we saw in the late 70's, 80's and early 90's (but sadly no longer exsistent today). <br />Giles Duke, Corporate Development, BMG Japan
B00003CX5P|2.0|I have 1 question why are all of you buying it when you hate film. every one whines about it but your buying it. i didnt really like this film and i am not buying it. make a good purchase like the GODFATHERS or snatch. this is no EMPIRE, this isnt even jedi and jedi was the worst until this. the same with battlefeild earth it got up to like number five and jurasic park three its like six, and both roaly suck. and every one thinks it sucks but you are buying them, as a whise man once said if you stop seeing and buy sucky movies they will make less of them. so take my advise dont buy this cause it sucks.   <br />ps empire rules
B000059HGY|5.0|I first saw Tora! Tora! Tora! a few years ago. At this time, I wasn't too interested in it. But with the recent release of Pearl Harbor, I decided to give this movie another viewing. While it does not have today's computer-generated graphics, it is a very accurate, entertaining and important movie about the Pearl Harbor attack. <br />Unlike the recent Pearl Harbor film, which seems to have been made only to make money (Which it unfortunately did), Tora! Tora! Tora! was made to teach us about the attack and why it happened. Also, comparing Pearl Harbor's war scenes with those in Tora! Tora! Tora! is like the difference between night and day. Most of Tora! Tora! Tora! is live action and model work. They are excellently choreographed and filmed. Those in Pearl Harbor were simply made on a computer and are laughable compared with the still impressive live action work of this movie. <br />Tora! Tora! Tora! tells in detail why the Japanese chose to bomb Pearl Harbor. Many people ask as to why the U.S was unprepared for attack on Pearl Harbor. The U.S assumed that no one would ever attack and that sabotage was a bigger threat. Plus, Admiral Yamamoto was pressured into planning the attack by the high command, who might have been pressured because they had recently signed an alliance with Germany. <br />There are some extra features included on this tape. A commercial advertisement for The Sand Pebbles, Von Ryan's Express and Twelve O'Clock High and the Theatrical Trailer for Tora! Tora! Tora! are before the presentation. After the movie is a twenty-minute documentary, which includes interviews with historians, authors and teachers about the attack on Pearl Harbor. It is a well made extra and informative but I'll take National Geographic's Pearl Harbor: Legacy of Attack over it any day.<br />Overall, Tora! Tora! Tora! is the best feature-length film made so far about the attack on Pearl Harbor and is one of the best war movies ever made.
B00003CXAA|5.0|The dvd collection of the Godfather was worth every penny. Parts 1 and 2 are excellent. 3 was ok, but it brought closure to the whole Godfather saga. I also enjoyed the bonus material. It added more depth to the movies. I would recommend this collection to everyone.
6305126062|5.0|It seems as though I have waited my whole life for a moive like The Horse Whisperer. I remember the first time I saw it and cried. Cried for the beauty and depth that Robert Redford portrayed so strongly. I could identify with its' message of healing and the longing to feel connected with the land and with family. It so greatly captures what has been lost in our modern society....a yearning that is in all of us to find &quot;a soft place to fall&quot;. I praise Redford for giving me a reason to feel and ache for all that is good and peaceful in the world and for reminding us that such places do indeed still exsist.
B000024D4R|5.0|Roger Waters wrote the Animals material based upon the characters from George Orwell's classic &quot;Animal Farm&quot; that represent the differing human personalities. Bookending the album are the 2 &quot;Pigs on the Wing&quot; which are performed with only acoustic guitars and set a peaceful tone. &quot;Dogs&quot; is the first of the meaty tracks and presents pure aggression. Dogs are shown as the aggressive beast and the music is shaped around hard hitting guitars. &quot;Pigs : Three Different Kinds&quot; brings us the power hungry oinkers. Waters' vocals shine here as he delivers his sarcasm with pure ectasy, conveying the games the piggies play to get power, but we're reminded its just a big sharade. Then comes sheep, representing the followers. More atmospheric music to start the track as the sheep are coaxed into being told what to do. Fablous lyrics and music that perfectly conveys the mood or character of the specific animal is what really makes Animals such a groundbreaking album. It was radically different than its laid-back predessor and was overshadowed by the following album. Nonetheless, it holds up on its own because it is so different. This isn't for the weak of ear and takes repeated listenings to fully grasp the album, but its worth it in the end.
B0000026UL|4.0|This is one of Bob Dylan's best 80s albums. Whereas most of his output in that decade broke away from his acknowledged work in several fashions -- being overtly spiritual, attempting to sound contemporary, or working a lot with outside writers, for instance --, this subtly returns to older works. Unlike the electronics that pervaded Empire Burlesque and several era outtakes, Oh Mercy is remarkably spare musically. Reverting primarily to acoustic guitar (plus occasional piano), Dylan sounds more like his old self. As for the words, they are, as always, excellent. However, they, too, are different -- direct, though I dare not call them simple, in a way Dylan had not been since around the time of New Morning. This makes for shorter songs; the album is less than forty minutes long. In addition, Dylan focused on different topics than he had of late. The opening \\"Political World\\" is something of a \\"Times They Are A-Changin'\\" for the Ronald Reagan era, while songs like \\"Where Teardrops Fall,\\" \\"What Good Am I?,\\" and \\"What Was It You Wanted\\" harken back to aforementioned albums. In contrast, \\"Ring Them Bells\\" wouldn't have sounded out of place on the gospel albums. \\"Man in the Long Black Coat\\" meanwhile has a more surreal atmosphere. The songs are all good, though. Oh Mercy does not compare to what Dylan had done before or has done since but is still quite good, especially on its own merits. Any fan will certainly want it.
B00003W8NM|2.0|If you love the film, fine, I'm glad for you.  I happen to have read the book and think the film A) doesn't understand the book's point and B) has a rebellious posture but never does anything remotely rebellious.  I know this film has a lot of vociferious defenders, but, frankly, I could care less.  This movie is one of the worst literary adaptations on the planet.<br />Let's start with the actual book itself.  What you have to understand is that the book, despite being only 200 pages, is extremely elaborate; everything, literally everything, any character says or does ties back to something else as you progress.  So if you're adapting the story, you can't just drop parts of the novel and shove new things in.  It won't work.  Which is exactly what David Fincher and Jim Uhls do.<br />Fincher and Uhls just didn't understand the book.  While Fincher goes off on his usual &quot;lookit me, I'm an auteur because I make everything grimy and dark&quot; kick, Uhls, a first-time screenwriter, adapts things to Fincher's over-the-top, idiotic sensibility.  What really bugs me was the COMPLETE rejection of Palahniuk's use of duality; he mocks both materialism and a rejection of materialism so complete you reject yourself in the novel.  Here, Fincher endorses the latter as a good thing.<br />Here's what REALLY gets me; Fincher obviously thinks he's pushing the envelope here, but not once, NOT ONCE, are we confronted with anything we haven't seen before.  He never does more than poke at the surface of disgusting and/or bizarre and says  &quot;See, I'm a rebel!&quot;  He completely lacks the courage to include some of the more intense scenes in the book, instead replacing them with cheap laughs at easy targets.  After all, God forbid we'd challenge the audience or maybe threaten their sensibilities any more than cosmetically.<br />I could keep going.  If you think this is a great film, I recommend you read the book and really think about it.  If you still think it's a great film, well...I'm sorry you got so suckered.
B000059HGY|5.0|I am still surprised by the fact that &quot;Tora!Tora!Tora!&quot; was produced by Americans. I felt the strong faith to the history from this movie. I definitely recommend this movie to all of you whether you are an American, Japanese or anyone else.<BR>However, I was disappointed at the newly added 20-minutes &quot;documentary.&quot; Although the greatest beauty of &quot;Tora!Tora!Tora!&quot; was the spirit of &quot;fairness,&quot; it did not appear in the documentary. The movie was depicted from both the USA and Japanese sides equally according to the historical facts that were available in 1970. In the documentary, on the other hand, four historians all from the Navy talk about the Pearl Harbor attack according to the &quot;newly available facts.&quot; Of course, they sounded biased. Form the &quot;Tora!Tora!Tora!&quot; spirit, at least Japanese historians had to appear in the documentary.  I think this documentary should be modified.<BR>Otherwise, I may ask my favorite director Oliver Stone to make a new film titled &quot;FDR: Day of Deceit.&quot;
B00004YYDI|5.0|Leon is a beautifully direceted piece with very talented actors and actresses. It is a great combination of action and drama. Luc Besson did a good job directing this film, I especially loved the smart camera angles and many little things that bring the audience closer to this story of Leon and Mathilda. A real a work of art...<BR>The music also gives a feeling to the emotions and the atmosphere in the people.<br />beautiful<BR>fudy
B00004XQP4|5.0|For those of you who didn't like Green Day when they first came out with Dookie, Insomniac and all their other albums, you will LOVE them now.  Green Day has grown up and expanded musically.  Their new album, Warning, shows their musical side more than just their crazy punk-rebel side, shown in some of their previous albums.  &quot;Warning&quot; contains almost no swearing, which is an incredable feat considering some of the material in their older albums.  And for those of you who have always loved Green Day (like me) you will still love this album just as much as the rest and appreciate it for its musical talent.  5 stars for Green Day!
B000002B35|5.0|Even without Mr. Waters, this legendary band still puts on the greatest show on earth.  If you want to hear an incredible jam version of 'comfortably numb' including an apocalyptic guitar solo that will haunt and enchant, by all means get this album.  These guys are masters atproducing live albums.  nuff said, just listen.
B000000JO3|5.0|if you dont have this cd, you have no right calling yourself a punk rocker. get it.
B00003CXSP|5.0|I do not know about the States,but in the UK this sequel has taken a lot of flak.I say the critics are wrong.The film is different to the silence and should be viewed differently as well.There are some Brilliant  very darkly comic performances on show,from Legend Hopkins and the great Gary Oldman as well.Great oneliners pop up through the film,and it is beautifully shot as well.The setting of Florence is perfect for a character like Hannibal to be at home.His character could be described as a rennaisance man,with his love of fine art,foods wines etc.The DVD is also amazing,brilliant picture and sound and a vast selection of special features add to the fun.Roll on the next Hannibal movie.I offer a toast to Hannibal( a nice Chianti of course)This refers to the British region 2 version.
B000050XEI|5.0|I had lost contact with Enya after Orinoco Flow(Sail Away). As incredible as it sounds, I heard Only Time for the first time about three days ago (OK, so I need to get out more). It was one of those stop you in your tracks, turn your head, take your breath away experiences. I almost immediately went out and bought the cd. Boy was I defintely NOT disppointed. The entire cd is absolutely stunning. My favorite is pretty much a tie between Wild Child, Only Time and Flora's Secret. Pilgrim, One by One and Lazy Days are also great. If you are already a fan of Enya's then this cd reconfirms her soaring talent. If you are not a fan, get this and I practically gaurantee that you will be a fan. Once hooked on this immensely talented artist you won't be able or want to let go.
B00003CXAA|5.0|I  sat through Coppola's commentary tracks over three nights, but on night two I only played the first disk of G2. Coppola, arguably, is our greatest living filmmaker, and the fact that the director of such a classic film is still alive to comment on his own masterpiece is a feat in and of itself. and I LIKE G3, much, much better than G2. I need Cliff Notes to follow that movie. Or something. But if the disks had been sold separately would I have bought only G1 and G3. Nope. The packaging and extras are superb (but where's Sachene Littlefeather?), ranking only behind Fight Club and Seven for sheer film nirvana.
B000002J1O|5.0|This album is just a masterpiece. It is one of my favourite albums ever! Great keyboards, guitar,vocals, bass and drums. This is the best Genesis album. In my opinion, after Wind and Wuthering, is when Genesis lost thier touch.Tony Banks(keyboardist)is just stunning! I highly recommened this album to any prog rock fan, or just wants to hear some good music.
B000002MK8|5.0|This cd is a must buy for any true Rod Stewart fan!  Rod is at his best going through many of his hits done wonderfully. The songs sound wonderful. A very good version of Maggie May is included where he starts slow and then gets going into it. Songs like hot legs sound better than ever because of the acoustic sound instead of the heavy electric guitar.  I cant express enough how good this cd is.
B00005NI5Y|5.0|Bob Dylan's new cd is really mellow.  It seems that he is enjoying life and trying to make those of his &quot;followers&quot; to begin to enjoy the simpler things, like black eyed susans in a Mississippi world.  I really enjoyed the lyrics because in some ways they are totally &quot;un-Dylan&quot; with his clear observations about the simpler things.  I recommend it to anyone. Mellow.
6305265666|5.0|EVER AFTER is a visually beautiful film that encompasses the legendary fairy tale of Cinderalla with a twist. First of all, Cinderalla is really named Danielle who loves and cherish the novel Utopia, a book given to her by her late father. Instead of having little rodents as friends, Danielle's friends are the house servants who subsituted as motherly influnces during her youth. Instead of a fairy godmother, Danielle is guided by Leonardo de Vinci. Her charming prince has a habit of running away and disobeying his royal parents. <br />I believe the actors and actresses are perfectly cast. Anjelica Huston is the most perfect step-mom: cold, rigid, and centered only on the benefits her daughters could bring to her. Drew Barrymore's performance touches one's heart because she seems so earnest in her role. She loves life and happiness, a reason why her Prince finds her so appealing. <br />This 'new-age' rendition of Cinderalla is breath-taking. Buy it today, you will not be disappointed.
6305313687|5.0|This film was recommended to me by my brother-in-law and am I glad he did. This movie may be the best movie dealing with bias, hatred, and prejudice. It provides the viewer with an uncensored look at how prejudice begins and where it leads. It clearly shows innocent people are victims of this kind of hatred. It also shows that when you get to know a person all the pre-conceived biases are untrue. This movie is not for the faint of heart and has at least three very disturbing scenes. If you want a true look at prejudice and bias from both sides of the fence this is a must see movie. I am surprised that it was not nominated for best picture. This was probably due to the subject matter and content. One final note, this movie is not pro white, black, yellow, Christian, Jewish, or Muslim. It takes a higher look at the problem of bias from all angles. This is by far Ed Norton's finest acting job to date.
B00005JKES|5.0|I know that many of you are upset about the Pilot not being included in this set.  As most of you know Artisan busted their rears trying to get the rights to the pilot episode.  ... the pilot is readily available ...  I purchased one ...  True it has not been given the loving treatment that the series has been given here.  But I have to be honest, it still looks pretty ...good. I know most of you know this but for those of you who don't here is the plain hard truth.  If the TP fans don't buy this first season set there won't be a second season set released!!!!  The folks at Artisan have stated many times that a second season release will be SOLELY BASED ON THE INTEREST GENERATED BY THE FIRST SEASON RELEASE!  The Pilot and episodes have never been released together, EVER! If you truly call yourself a fan of TP then buy this set and the pilot and enjoy the great love and hard work that went into this production and encourage others you know to buy this so we can get the same great treatment of the second season!  Another note about the pilot ..., it is the original version that aired on TV, not that ... European release with the poorly tacked on ending.
B00005NW02|1.0|their first cd was ok but this cd really gets on your nerves the constant chage from singing to screaming sucks because the do it so often. I mean the first album was great and then this one pushed the anyoying limitations that the first one only mildley had. So if you really want a good cd go get Reveille's Bleed the sKY which actually has a good lead singer and doesn't change from fast guitar playing to slow anoying songs all the time.
B00005A46T|5.0|I loved the first album, but I think this one's better! They have moved away from the trendier nu-metal stylings of the debut, and gone with a purer death metal vibe, which I prefer. This will probably cost them more fans than it makes them, but it will ensure them a solid niche in the metal landscape long after the nu-metal trend collapses under the weight of the corporate clones. One of the top three albums of the year!
B000006TRV|5.0|The Wall isn't the best work of Pink Floyd many people say that, but that isn't true imo. And Roger Waters is one of the best songwriters ever.<BR>But don't say that only Roger Waters wrote The Wall. Everyone says that The Wall is Roger his work but David Gilmour also wrote the most part of Comfortably Numb,Run Like Hell,Young Lust that are imo the best songs on the album
B00003CXAA|5.0|I received the Godfather DVD Collection on Wednesday and am currently in the process of viewing each of the movies again and watching the bonus material.  I highly recommend this set for fans of classic film.  It fits right into my DVD collection alongside The Wild Bunch and Pulp Fiction.
B00005BCOL|5.0|When watching this movie, it's important to remember when it was made, and that things have changed a lot in the last 50 years.  This is an incredible movie, not only because there are NO men it in anywhere, but the story is really very well done, the acting is superb, and you will be drawn into the characters' lives as the proceed to completely mess with each others heads, all the while pretending to be friends.  Hmmm, at times it was almost like watching people I know.  Buy it!  Trust me, because you will want to see this one more than once.
0792107683|5.0|This set the stage for the antihero western. Shane was one of the pioneering efforts in westerns which made the good guy a grey shaded character instead of the cowboy dressed in white and riding a white horse. Shane was an everyday man who rose to an extraordinary occassion. To say that this movie displayed great acting is an understatement. If you watch the credits closely you will see Jack Palance's first name. Walter! Run out and get on your mustang and get this NOW!
B00005N5S5|5.0|I remember watching Terminator the first time when i was really young and i really didn't understand what was happening.  Now that i'm older and the Special Edition Terminator is out.  I watched this movie last night and now it completed the whole story i was missing from Terminator 2.  Which I have watched a Million times.  Anyways. (...)
B00003CXHJ|4.0|I'm glad I gave this movie another try.  I first saw this movie at a birthday party and had no disire to see it at the time.  The whole time I just sat there and not paying a single bit of attention to the movie.  Then my dad reccomended Crimson Tide to me, that was an awesome movie (If you haven't seen it, do as soon as possible).  I wanted to see another Navy action movie so I decided to see this again (besides everybody at the birthday party loved it).  I should've payed more attention that time.  This movie was great! Tons of explosions (which sound really good on my surround-sound system).  The action was great and it was all around a great, gripping, edge or your seat kind of movie.  I've yet to The Hunt For Red October which I hear is even better than Crimson Tide but until then, U-571 is here to stay.
0380788624|4.0|Good plot, writing and characters. Terribly funny (one of the best I've read in awhile). A bit contrived at points.
B00000AFHM|5.0|The music scene seems to be void of other artists one could use to draw up a comparison with Belle And Sebastian. One attempt at such a characterization might be to see them as a cross between Simong And Garfunkel and The Beautiful South, if such a thing could exist, or to claim that if you were to put Travis on a heavy dose of valium you'd have Belle And Sebastian. But no such characterization would do justice to the band, for it implies that there are something else out there like Belle And Sebastian, and there certainly isn't. THE BOY WITH THE ARAB STRAP is the band's follow up to their previous album, IF YOU'RE FEELING SINISTER, which was hailed as their best ever, but now most critics seem to agree that THE BOY WITH THE ARAB STRAP is their best album to date. I agree with the latter claim. IF YOU'RE FEELING SINISTER was a brilliant album, one that I listen to a lot, but THE BOY WITH THE ARAB STRAP is probably as good as the band is ever going to get. I know that at first glance such a statement could easily be thought of as negative, but once you place this CD in your record player you'll soon enough realize that it's meant in the most heart felt manner. I don't think I'll ever tire of this CD. It starts off so wonderful with the song IT COULD HAVE BEEN A BRILLIANT CAREER, and then everything sort of just drifts from there, peeking with SEYMOUR STEIN and A SPACE BOY DREAM, and eventually it reaches unknow hights of glory with THE ROLLER COASTER RIDE. The lyrics will at first seem trivial, but listen closer and you'll find the humor, the warmth, and the seriousness that resides beneath. I firmly believe that any music lover will appreaciate Belle And Sebastian's THE BOY WITH THE ARAB STRAP. This is the sort of CD that can stop a revolution; Listen to it and you'll see how everything just sort of quiets down around you.
B00005K3OT|4.0|The DVD picture quality brings the beautiful scenery to life and the music has great and subtle qualities. &quot;Chocolat&quot; is one of the reasons for having DVD technology.<br />Chocolat is a subtle comedy that shows the failings and greatness in all of us, with a subtext calling for the  inclusion of the suppressed and the healing of wounds imposed by repressive societal precepts.<br />Great story, delightful whimsy, great acting from a deep cast of fine actors, enchanting scenery, interesting costumes, beautiful setting (ancient French village of Flavigny), wonderful intertwining of great character stories, and, of course, &quot;chocolat&quot; sensually and enticingly presented! <br />The DVD Bonus Materials are also great!<br />The Director / producer, etc. commentary is delightful, enlightening, and generous.  The &quot;making of Chocolat&quot; gives us a wonderful insight into the real people behind the acting facades, and some of the fun they had in making the movie. Also, the &quot;Costumes&quot; and &quot;Production Design&quot; are interesting.<br />No real action scenes, so this movie isn't for action fans, but is great for warm cuddling with your lover, or significant other.<br />If there s a downside, the first half hour is a little slow because it took so long to set up the characters and their issues also, Johnny Depp's character comes into the movie rather late.  But, the scenery and the interesting and unique story is solid enough to carry the audience through this development without notice.
0792844793|1.0|I suppose that most of you who are contemplating on purchasing this DVD version of Lynchs BLUE VELVET will have already seen the film. This isnt exactly a window-shoppers item. Therefore this is just a comment on the DVD and not the film. You can read my thoughts on the film elsewhere on this page, if youre interested.<br />The film is presented in fullscreen (4 : 3 ratio). I must admit that I dont really know if the film was ever shot in widescreen (theres a good chance that it never was), but I know that a lot of eighties movies that are available in widescreen are popping up in fullscreen on DVD. The picture quality is not very good. Its fuzzy and it reminds you too much of VHS. The sound is presented in simple stereo. Ive heard rumors that theyve been planning to launch a 5.1 surround version on DVD. I would definitely try to check out that rumor before purchasing this DVD. When it comes to the extras, theres really not much too say. Were given a few photographs from the production, but most of these pictures seem to be taken straight out of the movie, so theyre not really that interesting (I think David Lynch only appear on one photo). It would have been nice if theyd added a commentary by Lynch and the cast (I for one would really have loved that) or some behind-the-scenes documentary, but no such luck. But we are given a collectible making-of booklet, though it sounds much more exiting that what it really is. Its nothing more than a few pages that chronicles Lynchs career. Theres nothing there that a Lynch fan dont already know.<br />So, in conclusion, if you already have this film on VHS theres no point in buying this DVD version, and if you dont have it on VHS you might as well buy the VHS version because its cheaper and the two versions dont differ that much in quality. But keep in mind the rumor I mentioned about a 5.1 surround version of the film being launched on DVD.
B00005Q45W|5.0|this is easily the best Leonard Cohen album with his deep voice. Every song is excellent, amazing lyrics, no overbearing synths in the background. A couple of the songs almost sound like early 80's CURE in the background. I'm not sure if its as good as his first 4 albums - especially &quot;songs of love and hate&quot;, but I think its better than anything that came after those albums. NICE!
B000002LMM|5.0|Twin Peaks, an example of television at its most provacative, is amply served by this intriguing soundtrack. The haunting, jazz inflections of Angelo Baldamenti's melodies, are quite a match for the offbeat nature of this series and they stand alone well as examples of a type of music that is reminiscent of things past, but at the same moment, timeless. Julie Cruise's voice blends into this slow tranquil mix as well as any vocalist could; and the cryptic lyrics also reflect the nature of the show. Very few TV shows have soundtracks worth having; this one is probably the best of them all.
B00005MIZ5|5.0|i can't believe no one else has reviewed this record.  well, if you're reading this, GET IT!  this and volume one are like the hot fives of the post-war, for god's sake.
B000002HMH|5.0|hey its a goo album get of your high horses if ya dnt likeit then go away
B00003CXXJ|4.0|This movie has some of the best 3D animation so far. The story is great, pulling from many children's storybook characters, and delving into social issues through the simple story of good versus the not-so-good. However, I did have a few problems with it. I'll give a short list of the good and the bad (as I think the movie is great, but could have been even better):<br />The good:<BR>1) The animation and artwork is phenomenal.<BR>2) The story is fun, interesting, and even surprising.<BR>3) The characters are well developed, and the voices are great.<BR>4) There is a message of good intentions.<br />The bad:<BR>1) This movie doesn't know if it is for kids or adults. I say this with all good intentions. Anyone can enjoy this movie, but I can't help but wonder how good it could have been if focused on one specific audience.<BR>2) The green ogre versus the short little bad guy is misguided. There is a mixed message here. I think the movie fails in it's intention of teaching people to look beyond first impressions. Whoops! It proves that the writer and director have little ability to recognize their own prejudices. I think this is a huge failure if this is a movie for children.<BR>3) The movie can become somewhat clich. If this is a movie for adults, the movies central romance follows the map of two characters who don't get along at first, are forced to be together, and suddenly find themselves falling in love during there adventure. Of course, there is the occasional pandering burp choke for children, and the sidekick donkey. Again, is this a kid movie or an adult movie?<br />I don't want anyone to see this as a negative review. I think Shrek was one of the most enjoyable movies to come out last year. However, I feel, with something so well done in it's character development, artwork, and basic storyline, this movie has failed to focus on a target audience, and sometimes relies too much on Hollywood clichs to fill in the gaps. If you're going to spend this kind of time making a movie, make it a masterpiece.<br />This movie comes up just short of making that happen.
0767903862|5.0|This may well be the funniest and most interesting book I've ever read!  I truly cannot remember enjoing a book more than I enjoyed this one.  Bryson's style, insight and humor are truly incomparable.  A great book to take on a long flight.  Highly recommended!
079073639X|5.0|I was reading the reviews for 'Sphere' and was so frustrated i had to write one of my own.  All the reviews i read refer to this movie, basically, as a waste of time.  I would have to stronly disagree.  Quite honestly, this is one of my favorite movies!  It has a lot of detail that you have to pay attention to to understand, and it's one of those movies that carries the suspense and doesn't make sense until the very end.  In my opinion, this is a great sci-fi movie, if you're into that sort of thing.  I like it so much that i went out and bought the book after I bought the movie.  In my opinion, this is deffinitely worth your while.
B000005RQE|3.0|I can understand why this album became their first big hit album.  That doesn't mean to say I really like it though.  In fact I think it's their second worst album.  Their worst being 'Out of Time'.<br />Even with an average REM album you get some cracking songs.  The fans favourite 'It's the end of the world' always brings back happy memories.  Other highlights include 'Finest Worksong' (which I do not like personally, but can see its quality), 'Exhuming McCarthy' and one of my favourite, if not my favourite, REM songs, the stunning, 'Welcome to the occupation'.<br />I really admire REM's political and social stance that they took with this album, it's just not that consistent musically.  Some tracks are brilliant, while others are very, very ordinary.
6304578482|5.0|I absoulutely love this movie!!! It is so cute and really really funny. I crack up every time I watch it. Lisa Kudrow and Mira Sorvino are totally awesome and relatable in their roles. Their friendship reminds me of me and my best friend. Watch it when you're in a goofy mood or with your best friend.
B00000J6AG|1.0|I'll try to be even handed about this album.  On one hand I accept it is very pleasing to the ear and has sold millions of copies.  But does that make it a good album?<br />To many people I'm sure it does, but to me it doesn't.  For, in essence, all Moby has done is taken samples of old blues tracks and placed a drumloop and some piano melodies underneath, there's nothing good about that.  In fact it's very, very lazy.<br />Now I do accept he has done it very well but that doesn't change my opinion.  I'm not totally against sampling, but he does it on nearly every track with no use of innovation, then what's the point?  At least DJ Shadow knows how to 'use' a sample.<br />The way Moby has shamelessly sold the rights of every track on this album, bar one, to advertisers means also you have probably heard every track already, therefore you may not need to purchase this 'recycled' album.<br />Well of course it's upto you, but I prefer the originals!
B00005N5S5|5.0|If you've never seen this film, you're missing one of the greatest movies of our times, it's classic sci-fi future time travellers from the destroyed world, coming back to right the wrongs of the past.  It has some interesting twists and turns during the movie, I would recommend that you pick this up today.
B00005NI5Y|5.0|Bob Dylan has never been boring or stale; even on his most lackluster efforts, he has never headed for the safety of repetition. On L&T Dylan busts out of every corner he has ever painted himself in. The songs themselves are his strongest batch of originals in two decades as Dylan leads us down the path of American musical history. From the delta blues of \\"High Water\\" to some driving blues, some polished rock, a fifties sock hop and then you could be nursing a drink in a lounge in the Catskills 60 years ago listening to the enterainer tell of your heart's aspirations for love. The band, his touring band, even busts out some Highway 61-esque blues licks. Dylan's history lesson never sounds obsolete, to the contrary it never sounded better. His voice is haggered but dances through the melodies. He sounds like he's 150 years old but the lilt in his voice can sound like a young man and it's perfect. It's like the ghost of Abraham Lincoln telling you about the civil war history. I could go on and write pages about the lyrics, the themes, or any number of aspects of this album that makes it a Dylan classic... Buy it. Bow to it. I have tickets for the new tour...thank you your Bobness!!!
B00003CXTG|2.0|It can be said best the way Ebert put it - this movie is war porn, a movie that revels in the carnage but makes it signify nothing.<BR>There were lots of problems with this movie. It was a love story set in Pearl Harbor, first of all. They name the movie after an event where thousands were murdered ... and then make it a love story that has nothing to do with pearl harbor. The fighting itself was toned down to the point of being a joke. There is very little blood, no true to life horror, what is this supposed to make us believe about war??? It belittled the Japanese ... I can promise you the Japanese didn't come up with the idea of attacking by plane because of children flying kites ... and their strategic maps weren't little floating boats in a garden pond. They planned it for months. This movie is filled with sappy romantic and patrotic gesture which can't be applied to such a horrible event ... and I don't believe the movie even suggests the nuclear bombing of two major cities in retaliation, although it does go deeply into &quot;military retaliation.&quot; I give this movie two stars because I respect them for trying.
B0000033P2|5.0|This was my first ELP album. In fact, it was one of the first CDs I got for my CD collection (now over 900+), and it's always been there, among the ones I enjoy most. It contains a very good sample of what you can expect from ELP at large: virtuosity and musicianship tied to variety. How else can you put under the same 'roof' pieces as diverse and brilliantly performed as &quot;Endless Enigma,&quot; &quot;From The Beginning,&quot; &quot;The Sheriff,&quot; an arrangement of Copland's &quot;Hoedown&quot; and the title track, &quot;Trilogy&quot;? Guaranteed favorite for serious prog rock fans as well as for the more casual listener.
B00005OAJ1|5.0|Tenacious D is the greatest band ever. You may not know that yet, but when you pick up this cd, you will realize, they are the greatest band in the world, ever, period. This cd contains the greatest songs in the world, ever, the greatest skits in the world ever, it is so good it needs no review, buy this now.
B0000027G6|5.0|As a seasoned film score enthusiast, I have acrued quite a collection and film scores, but there are only a handfull that are perfect from start to finish; Dances with Wolves is certainly one of them.  It makes me almost regret that Barry has been--I dare say--wasted on so many Bond films, when I know he could be producing far more scores of this nature.<br />To begin with, the themes are perfect, emotional, and they so aptly evoke the aura of the landscape that viewing the film almost becomes unecessary.  Even someone who prefers big-brass action scores could not ignore the beauty of this piece, though it is almost all centered around a truly lush string section.<br />There is never a dull moment as passage leads to passage, all incorporating the majesty of the 19th century environment and the admirable simplicity of the Native American peoples.  This score is absolutely deserving of the Oscar it won back in 1990.<br />In conclusion, this score is a must-have for any fan of film scores, orchestral works, or simply just a passion for great cinema.  John Barry's contribution is simply magnificent; no other composer could have scored Dances with Wolves with the same passion, grandeur, and absolute perfection.  This is a CD that you can put in your stereo, sit down, relax, and forget the world by entering an awe-inspiring moment in history.  The effect is simply breathtaking!
B00004Z459|5.0|Linkin Park has entered a new sound into the growing rap rock genre of music. Every song on this album kicks A$$, the best one is definitely A Place For my head which truly shows that when properly done rap-metal has a great sound. any one looking for something different and of very high musical quality should definitely check this one out
B00005KHL0|5.0|Nothing beats Halloween for the slasher genre. The creepy small town, the dark history, the female heroine and the smart-guy doctor, and most frightening, the depths of evil and horror lurking behind that pale white mask. A tremendous epic of terror that will never be rivaled by its own numerous sequels and pathetic clones. The best.
B0000026UV|5.0|these 2 pickers are extraordinary as individuals, even more interesting together.  This album could be better if they had spent more time together.  The music is &quot;easy&quot;, intricate &amp; melodic.  Back up musicians are stars in their own right.  If this were the only album in a collection I would reccommend others, but as part of a wider collection it is excellent.
B00005N9CV|5.0|Diana's gone pop all right. But couldn't we see it coming? She's got everything it takes, a great voice, looks, a musician's savvy. Who can blame her for wanting to make some real money. I heard she performed on 300 days last year. You can't keep that up. She's 36. Her mentor Nat Cole made the same leap in the 1940s. When he came out with &quot;Nature Boy&quot; I was almost sick. He then abandoned jazz and went from being a first-rate obscure piano player to being a hugely popular second-rate singer. At least Diana will never be second rate.<BR>     And after all, singers can do both styles. The great ladies of the past generation all did (Billy, Sarah, Ella, Carmen MacRae). But I hope Diana comes out with solo piano next.
B00005O3VC|5.0|...Amazon is not listing them for some reason (which wouldn't be the first time they've screwed up).<br />You will need to look on other DVD retailer websites to find out what's on this DVD set. From DVDPlanet.com's solicitation material for this DVD edition:<br />&quot;2-disc 21st Anniversary Edition includes 24 seconds of previously unseen footage and includes:<BR>Two audio commentary tracks by directors Terry Gilliam and Terry Jones and John Cleese, Eric Idle and Michael Palin;<BR>On-screen screenplay feature;<BR>&quot;Follow The Killer Rabbit&quot; feature; Sing-alongs;<BR>Making-of documentary;<BR>&quot;How To Use Your Coconuts&quot; educational film;<BR>1974 BBC documentary &quot;On Location With The Pythons&quot;;<BR>Production material;<BR>Trailers;<BR>Shakespeare's &quot;Henry IV&quot; subtitle option&quot;<br />Yahoo shopping lists these same features. Don't give up hope, folks. This isn't the same disappointing DVD that was released previously.
B0000048YM|5.0|This is the hotest film debute ever.Streisands enterance is treated like such stars as Garbo and Crawford were once treated.<BR>a TOWERING OPENING LINE, FUNNY AND ODDLY MOVING.A few minutes later an extreme close up extremely flattering to Barbra before the film length flashback. Then with&quot;I am the greatest star&quot; She set a new standard for Musical comedies.This is the most tremendous moment in Musicals ever.Her talent exploded beautifully with this dazzling song and remains the best performance of a heartfelt song in films.The rest of the score sails.And Streisands first screen kiss is incredably touching and beautifully shot.Wyler made Streisand look like a Goddess in this film.
B000001FNL|5.0|This album is great!Barry, Robin ,and<BR>Maurice Gibb wrote all of these great songs In early 1975 ,and<BR>released on May that year.This album Features Great Country Songs<BR>like: &quot;Come on Over&quot;+R&amp;B songs like &quot;Nights on Broadway&quot;,<BR>Jive Talkin ,and &quot;Fanny(Be Tender With My Love)&quot;<BR>Jive Talkin topped the chart at #1 and Nights on Broadway<BR>You will be sorry if you dont buy this!
B000001ESP|4.0|&quot;Moving Pictures&quot; is one of the must-have albums from Rush. I gave the album 4 stars instead of 5 because I'll have to be honest that it's not one of the best albums I've ever heard, but it is definitely an excellent album in its own right. (5 stars would be reserved for works like &quot;2112&quot;, Fleetwood Mac's &quot;Rumours&quot;... truly incredible works). On &quot;Moving Pictures&quot;, you'll find some incredible gems. The opening song, &quot;Tom Sawyer&quot;, is not only one of their best songs, but in my opinion stands as one of the truly best rock songs ever recorded. That song alone is reason to buy this album. The simplicity and power in that one song is absolutely incredible. The guitar and bass, consisting of mainly simple power chords and simple melodies, is backed by a rapid, steady drum that never lets up, instead building and building up to some truly inspired and complex drum rolls.<br />  With the other songs, &quot;Red Barchetta&quot; has some great interplay between the bass and drums, &quot;Limelight&quot; is a thoroughly enjoyable pop number, and &quot;Witch Hunt&quot;, while having incredible power like &quot;Tom Sawyer&quot;, is wonderfully complex and orchestrated. &quot;The Camera Eye&quot; is also a wonderful piece, but tends to spend just a tad too much time in the slower orchestrated pieces.<br />  If you're a Rush fan, this is a must-have album. If you're not a Rush fan, then you can still like this album, but may find other Rush albums you like better.
B00004Z459|5.0|Hi! I just bought Hybrid Theory and I already love it. I think the singles, \\"One step closer\\", \\"Crawling\\" and \\"In the end\\" are so ... good I can't describe it. The rest of the material on the album rocks too. If you just like a single or so, just buy it. You won't be disappointed!
B00000IONU|2.0|Thirty years later, do we really need a third rate reincarnation of Led Zeppelin?  This is truly amateurish stuff -- the kind of record indie die-hards eat up (this earns me at least 10 &quot;not helpful&quot; votes right there).  However, more discerning audiences will notice the awful vocals (Robert Plant crossed with Donald Duck), the utter lack of songwriting, and the mortifyingly embarrassing covers (check out the horrible Dylan cover -- probably none of the fans of this record have ever heard the original).   These guys have guts though -- imagine recording a whiny cover of Stop Breaking Down after the Stones did their own legendary version of the Robert Johnson classic.  Fans of this record don't know who Robert Johnson is.  A few have heard of the Stones, though (do I earn hate mail yet?).    <BR>   What's amazing is that this ragtag collection went on to record a legitimately worthwhile record on their third outing (White Blood Cells), which is recommended, so pass this one off to a steep learning curve and let's hear it for maturity!
0375703764|5.0|The novel is in a genre that I didn't believe existed: the fun, post-modern horror story.  Intricately constructed, gripping, dark and playful, reading the novel is a multi-layered, interactive experience.  I usually have little patience with the experimental narrative (and flipping through the page layouts was enough to keep me from starting it for several months), but the author has a firm hand on his devices, and approaches them with considerable intelligence and humor.<br />I will strongly recommend this book.  Suspend your disbelief and treat yourself to a new experience.
B00004RFFM|1.0|PATHITIC INSCNIFIACANT STUPID UN RADECAL GOOD FOR NOTHING MOVIE EVER MADE.BURN IT STOMP ON IT THROW IT AWAY PLEASE.ID RATHER WATH BARNEY AND BE HAPPY THAN WATCH THIS.FAKE IS ALL THE MOVIE IS. POOR SAMUL. DOESENT DESERVE ONE STAR.
0375703764|5.0|The novel is in a genre that I didn't believe existed: the fun, post-modern horror story.  Intricately constructed, gripping, dark and playful, reading the novel is a multi-layered, interactive experience.  I usually have little patience with the experimental narrative (and flipping through the page layouts was enough to keep me from starting it for several months), but the author has a firm hand on his devices, and approaches them with considerable intelligence and humor.<br />I will strongly recommend this book.  Suspend your disbelief and treat yourself to a new experience.
B000031XCR|3.0|This greatest-hits package, the firstfrom pop icon Celine Dion, gathers Dion's biggest chart-toppers of the '90s and also includes a handful of new compositions. In the album's liner notes, the honey-voiced singer offers heartfelt thanks to her fans and confirms speculation that she plans take time away from music to focus on her family.<br />Hits include &quot;Beauty and the Beast,&quot; &quot;It's All Coming Back to Me Now,&quot; and &quot;My Heart Will Go On,&quot; the impassioned theme song from TITANIC. Among the new songs, her dramatic, tremolo-drenched rendering of Ewan MacColl's &quot;The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face&quot; is marked by Dion's typical midsong climaxes. &quot;All the Way&quot; is a tribute to Frank Sinatra, delivered in a manner similar to Natalie Cole's tribute to her father, Nat &quot;King&quot; Cole, on &quot;Unforgettable&quot; -- Dion's vocals float with eerie effect among the ghostly strains of Ol' Blue Eyes. The song is also dedicated to Dion's husband, Rene, the man for whom Celine saves her greatest passion.<br />Overall, ALL THE WAY is a nice cd, but a lot of Celine's hits are unrepresented, so here's to hoping for a better Greatest Hits album to come in the future. The new songs are hit and miss, there are some great ones like Live, That's The Way, and If Walls Could Talk, but others leave something to be desired, however overall it is a nice collection to have in your collection.
0345350499|5.0|Marion Zimmer Bradley's _The Mists of Avalon_ is one incredible read. It took me a while to finish, but I found myself wanting more of these same characters. I recommened it to any fan of Arthurian legends, or to any intelligent reader of good fiction, for that matter.<br />The style in which this book is writeen was one thing that captured my imagination: It is entirely from the point of view of the women involved in the legend, and passes from one to the other and back again, revolving mainly around one in particular. My opinion of each woman changed and developed over time, and sometimes this led to surprising places. <br />Although some of the minor characters aren't fully developed, Bradley does an excellent job with her main ones, fully capturing emotions and reactions. <br />This is definately a novel I will be re-reading at some point, simply because it was a joy to read it the first time.
B000002C4J|3.0|Celine's follow up to the successful 1996 album FALLING INTO YOU, is a good mix of songs with some guest artists here and there, making of a good album. LETS TALK ABOUT LOVE features some great material, and a few that aren't so good, but it's all good in the end. &quot;Immortality&quot; features the Bee Gees, &quot;I Hate You Then I Love You&quot; features Luciano Pavoratti, &quot;Tell Him&quot; features fellow diva Barbra Streisand, and a few more extra artists on some songs. First I'll list the songs I don't care for. Her cover of &quot;When I Need You&quot;, which is already a bad song to begin with, doesn't add anything different to make it a good song. &quot;I Hate You Then I Love You&quot;, a silly song, very annoying after a while, but I could see how some might like this one. &quot;Just A Little Bit of Love&quot;, I honestly don't really care for Celine's dance tracks, so this one is out the door as well for me. &quot;Why Oh Why&quot; is a nice song, but in the end it doesn't leave me truly impressed or wanting to hear it again.<br />Now the good songs. &quot;Love Is On The Way&quot; is an excellent song, very powerful and vocally she is sounding very good on this one. &quot;Tell Him&quot; with Barbra Streisand, is fantastic, I was blown away when I first heard it. &quot;Us&quot; and &quot;Where Is The Love&quot; are nice ballads. &quot;The Reason&quot;, &quot;Lets Talk About Love&quot;, and &quot;My Heart Will Go On&quot; are other great ballads, where Celine sounds top form vocally. <br />Overall LETS TALK ABOUT LOVE is a good cd, but in light its predessor FALLING INTO YOU, it doesn't add up to its quality in terms of song selection, however there are some great songs on here, its just hit and miss at times.
6304140711|5.0|Is Mark Wahlberg great or what? how does it do it? He plays this role so perfectly it's scary! he's a very intense actor and I love that about him he's serious about his work and it shows in every movie he's been in I defiantly recommend this movie and all other Mark Wahlberg movies out and soon to come.<br />PS: Planet of the Apes ROCKED! :)
B000002BHE|5.0|FALLING INTO YOU is one of Celine's best, if not the best CD she's ever released. It was a long wait, since 1993's COLOUR OF MY LOVE, but it was well worth the wait. Starting with the first single &quot;Because You Loved Me&quot; also featured in the movie UP CLOSE AND PERSONAL, a beautiful ballad which Celine shines on vocally, the song was written by Diane Warren. The follow up single &quot;It's All Coming Back To Me Now&quot; is breathtaking, the vocals are perfect and the arrangement is excellent. Throughout the album there is excellent material over and over. On ballads like &quot;If That's What It Takes&quot; or &quot;I Don't Know&quot;, once again she shines with excellent vocals and perfect arrangements in the song. The last two tracks especially take my breath away, the gospel style &quot;Call The Man&quot;, and the resonance of &quot;Fly&quot;, simply beautiful. Her rendition of &quot;All By Myself&quot;, is superb. As well on FALLING INTO YOU there are excellent uptempo songs such as &quot;Your Light&quot; (only on certain versions of the album), &quot;River Deep Mountain High&quot;, &quot;Make You Happy&quot;, &quot;Declaration of Love&quot; and many others. This is most likely her best album, there is not one filler song to be found, just quality in the production and arrangements, as well as her vocals, which are at top form.
1573301183|5.0|I have several other live concert DVDs.  This is by far the best.  It was my first DVD, and I still watch it very often.  Every time I play, I get overwhelemed by the quality of sound and music.  In addition, you can't find acoustic Alice in Chains other than this show.  Some friends of mine who don't know Alice in Chains also liked it a lot.  This is the one you have to add in your DVD collection.
B00003CXE6|5.0|The signal that a movie will become one of my favorites is that ten to twenty minutes into my first viewing of it I whisper the unbidden word: &quot;again.&quot;  Again.  I must see this again.  There is so much happening that is beautiful.  There is so much happening that provokes thought.  I cannot take it all in in one sitting.  I will enjoy this first viewing for what it's worth, and then I must see this again.<br />&quot;Some people just don't know when they're conquered&quot;--said by a Roman centurian in resplendent battle dress about a barbarian war lord's defiant flinging of the severed head of a felled Roman into the middle of the advancing Romans' camp.  Then followed the volley of fire and the hefting of bladed steel and the snapping of German Shepherd teeth.  Then flowed the rivers of blood and fire and brightly colored banners.  The glory and pomp of war, the horror.  But who are the real barbarians?  Again.<br />A general who loves a king, a king who loves his sister, a slave who defies his heart and his master, but keeps his promise.  Again.<br />An African, a German (Germanian, anyway), a Spaniard, banding together to slay the sweetly charioted Amazons.  The devil is in the details.  Look closely and quickly, for it goes fast.  See?  The black Amazon has only one breast!  As a teacher of English and a student of the language, I love this one.  The word &quot;Amazon&quot; comes from the Latin words &quot;A&quot; (no, or without) and &quot;Mas&quot; (breast, as in MASectomy).  So &quot;Amazon&quot; means literally &quot;without breast.&quot;  The legend is that each Amazon warrior cut off a breast so that it would not interfere with her shooting of arrows.  Again.<br />Maximus versus the undefeated gladiator.  Maximus de&quot;feet&quot;s him.  Ouch.  Watch out for the tigers!  Again.<br />See this movie again.  And again.
B00005NP04|5.0|Martina McBride has vowed the country afficionados with hits like &quot;My Baby Loves Me&quot;, the beautiful rendition &quot;Valentine&quot; with Jim Brickman, the mellifluously exuberant radio-hit &quot;I Love You&quot; - just to name a few. Her self-entitled greatest hits album is a pleasant surprise for fanatics who have bypassed her past ebullient efforts eg. Stranger, Wild Angels and the outrageous Independence Day and Love's the only house - the latter displaying McBride's steely grasp on the paean of destitution. &quot;Concrete Angel&quot; not previously released touches on the agony of child abuse and is emoted sublimely by McBride's stunning vocals. <br />Her new singles on the album glosses the attraction - and with 19 whopping singles in one shot, it's no wonder that Martina McBride's latest offering is a runaway success. However - it's still the singer not the song. Ms. McBride has matured her vocal skills over the decade and her greatest hits album has charted her dramatic progress so far. It's a must-buy for astute country folks listeners.
0783229011|5.0|I'm a Disney man myself when it comes to animated children's movies.  Disney usually makes the best ones (the great Bug's Life versus the OK Antz--and the list goes on).  There are a few exceptions, and BABE heads the list.  I got very weepy watching this one.  And happy.  And tickled.  And I went out and bought the classical CD so that I could listen to the orchestral theme song in its entirety.  I must say that it is an organ masterpiece with one flaw--the theme that we hear so much of in BABE is stuck somewhere in one of the middle movements and lasts for about fifty seconds.  Call me crazy, but I program my CD to replay this 50-second movement over and over again while I grade papers.  I'm thinking pig.  I'm thinking sheep-pig.  BABE rocks!
B00005A46T|5.0|My first exposure to Slipknot was in the back of a schoolbus, when a friend of mine slapped headphones on me and said \\"Dude, check this ... out.\\" He played the song (sic) from Slipknot's self-titled first album, and I was blown away. It was unlike anything I had ever heard at the time. And I can honestly say that Slipknot's second effot, Iowa, is a step up in almost every department.<br />Two things will imediatly jump out at you when you listen to this album: the drums, and the vocals. A three-person percusion section gives every song a strong foundation, and when all three are going at the same time it often results in an almost tribal sound.(With the beggining of Left Behind being the most obvious example.) Corey Taylor's voice is amazing. Yes, he IS screaming at the top of his lungs in what sounds like a vocal chord shredding growl, but at the same time he manages to imbue that growl with a spectrum of emotion.(About a 1000 different shades of angry, sadness, despair, etc.)<br />Almost every song on the album has something to offer, with Everything Ends, Heretic Anthem, Disasterpiece, and Gently standing out for me. The title track is a little too long(15 minutes) and monotonous for me, which I think is the albums main detraction.<br />Be forwarned that if you don't like VERY heavy music, and Iwoa is among the heaviest, this album probably won't change your mind. But if you're looking for something different from the current nu-metal crop, this could be exactly what you're looking for.
068484267X|5.0|This is one of the best books I've ever read.  As you read Frank McCourt's words, you can almost hear his voice, his accent reading the words to you.<br />This is one of those books that once you are finished reading it, you don't want to start another book because there is no way any other book will top this one.  Plus, you almost don't want to ruin the feeling you have once you are finished with it.  But, thank goodness you still have 'Tis to look forward to!<br />Very highly recommended.
B000000OF6|5.0|Oh you should have seen me! All giddy when I got this from Denver. I treat it with kid gloves. This set, I think, clearly defines their best hits. All the good ones!(and NO Body Language! Hooray!) The booklet is chuck full of photos, history about the songs, and an address to their fan club.<br />My favorite songs include: Bohemian Rhapsody, Another One Bites the Dust, Flash, A Kind of Magic, Innuendo, Breakthru, Friends Will be Friends, and One Vision. Great sing-a-long songs. So get this...your collection won't be complete without it!
B000000OAL|4.0|Everyone has to start somewhere. This album was the 3rd one I got for my  collection(I have all original 19 now...took me!) How did they get to be so creative? They totally made a new trail of the rock-band road when 'Queen' was released. Every song is unique. My fave song is The Night Comes Down. Freddie can certainly hit those high notes! If you have any sense in you, this album will do the trick for any devoted Queen fan addition.
068484267X|5.0|A Burning Portrait: Angela's Ashes<BR>Rebecca Ginsberg<BR>Angela's Ashes is the profound, heart-warming autobiography of Frank McCourt, who describes the harsh conditions of his impoverished childhood in both America and Ireland.  His story begins in Brooklyn during the time of the Depression. His recent immigrant parents, Angela and Malachy, force Frank to take care of his younger siblings, and watch them die.  He must be his mother's strength as she waits for her drunken husband to come home every night without food.  Little Frank continues to have hope as he his family moves to his parent's homeland of Ireland.  As his dreams of a rich life in his new home diminish due to his father's continual drunkenness, he is able to find optimism in his father's tales of Cuchulian, an ancient heroic Irishman who saved his country.  Every week Angela is forced to beg to a council for food and clothing.  Because of the overwhelming poverty in their small town Frank learns to live with shoes repaired with tires, a pig's head for Christmas dinner, and having to take two jobs to provide for his family.<BR> This book is recommended because of the genius of Frank McCourt's writing. He is able to capture the essence of a poor Irishman's life with humor, satire, and strife, while at the same time telling a touching story.  As he writes of his everyday life the accents and culture of the Irish can be felt.  McCourt also brings out diverse emotions, from laughing at his father who would make him wake up at all hours of the night to sing about his \\"Pride for Ireland\\" to crying as Malachy holds his dead daughter in his arms due to lack of medical attention.  This book also opens one's eyes to the life of poverty, and the obstacles that must be overcome in order to survive.  Before reading this account, I was never aware of the struggles that people must go through if they do not have money.  The fact that Angela is forced to get down on her hands and knees and had to beg for money to goto the doctor is preposterous.  I was educated and my eyes were opened to a whole new world as I read the horrific details of having to live in solely the upstairs of a house because of flooding on the first floor of the poorest lane in Limerick, Ireland.<BR> While this book is entertaining and heartfelt, it is also incredibly depressing.  Learning about the grim realities of Frank McCourt's childhood is extremely difficult.  I often would have to put the book down because of the intense sadness that came through the details of his life.  Particularly memorable was Frank's description of the extra jobs he is forced to take in order to provide for him and his family.  The fact that the McCourts are forced to plead for boots three sizes too big, and scrounge for the next meal is sickening and extremely sad.   Reading about the hunger they were forced to go through because of a father's addiction really stings the heart.<BR>   Angela's Ashes makes me realize how petty the obstacles are in my life, and how inspiring Frank McCourt is to have survived such a life, and then to go on and win a Pulitzer Prize.  When anyone is feeling sorry for himself he should pick up this book, and realize how fortunate most of us really are.  This memoir is a superb portrayal of the difficult life uneducated poor people lead in order to survive, while at the same time providing insight into the Irish culture, and creating a moving, earnest story.
0670881791|5.0|This book was magical bringing up rich, deep, dark, mysterious longings. I definately enjoyed the words and phrases as well as the positive nature of the book. The movie paints a beautiful picture of the story but the actually read is more involved and not as simple as the film production. I felt the spice and spells weave themselves around me as I immersed myself in this book!
068484267X|5.0|A Burning Portrait: Angela's Ashes<BR>Rebecca Ginsberg<BR>Angela's Ashes is the profound, heart-warming autobiography of Frank McCourt, who describes the harsh conditions of his impoverished childhood in both America and Ireland.  His story begins in Brooklyn during the time of the Depression. His recent immigrant parents, Angela and Malachy, force Frank to take care of his younger siblings, and watch them die.  He must be his mother's strength as she waits for her drunken husband to come home every night without food.  Little Frank continues to have hope as he his family moves to his parent's homeland of Ireland.  As his dreams of a rich life in his new home diminish due to his father's continual drunkenness, he is able to find optimism in his father's tales of Cuchulian, an ancient heroic Irishman who saved his country.  Every week Angela is forced to beg to a council for food and clothing.  Because of the overwhelming poverty in their small town Frank learns to live with shoes repaired with tires, a pig's head for Christmas dinner, and having to take two jobs to provide for his family.<BR> This book is recommended because of the genius of Frank McCourt's writing. He is able to capture the essence of a poor Irishman's life with humor, satire, and strife, while at the same time telling a touching story.  As he writes of his everyday life the accents and culture of the Irish can be felt.  McCourt also brings out diverse emotions, from laughing at his father who would make him wake up at all hours of the night to sing about his \\"Pride for Ireland\\" to crying as Malachy holds his dead daughter in his arms due to lack of medical attention.  This book also opens one's eyes to the life of poverty, and the obstacles that must be overcome in order to survive.  Before reading this account, I was never aware of the struggles that people must go through if they do not have money.  The fact that Angela is forced to get down on her hands and knees and had to beg for money to goto the doctor is preposterous.  I was educated and my eyes were opened to a whole new world as I read the horrific details of having to live in solely the upstairs of a house because of flooding on the first floor of the poorest lane in Limerick, Ireland.<BR> While this book is entertaining and heartfelt, it is also incredibly depressing.  Learning about the grim realities of Frank McCourt's childhood is extremely difficult.  I often would have to put the book down because of the intense sadness that came through the details of his life.  Particularly memorable was Frank's description of the extra jobs he is forced to take in order to provide for him and his family.  The fact that the McCourts are forced to plead for boots three sizes too big, and scrounge for the next meal is sickening and extremely sad.   Reading about the hunger they were forced to go through because of a father's addiction really stings the heart.<BR>   Angela's Ashes makes me realize how petty the obstacles are in my life, and how inspiring Frank McCourt is to have survived such a life, and then to go on and win a Pulitzer Prize.  When anyone is feeling sorry for himself he should pick up this book, and realize how fortunate most of us really are.  This memoir is a superb portrayal of the difficult life uneducated poor people lead in order to survive, while at the same time providing insight into the Irish culture, and creating a moving, earnest story.
B00004XOWM|1.0|&quot;Ya dude, Limp Bizkit like totally rocks....I hang out with my homies at the mall all day then we be down with the hard music at the Bizkit show.&quot;  I think maybe these children into bands like this have never heard good metal bands that actually do rock, so they don't realize how dumbed down a band like Limp Bizkit really is, and how Fred Durst is trying to fashion everyone in his dumbed down image.  Musically, what is there to really talk about, just some simple open strumming or basic 2 chord songs any beginner guitarist can play.  The opening tracks are pretty dumb too, especially since Nine Inch Nails are one of my favorite bands!!!  In fact, go get some NIN and avoid Limp <BR>Bizkit all together!!!!
6305971153|5.0|First off, I have to say one of the reasons I still believe in Santa Claus is because I go to St. Nicholas Catholic Church, and Santa Claus is also called St. Nick.  &quot;Santa Claus The Movie&quot; is the other reason.<br />I first watched this movie about 15 or 16 years ago, whenever it came out in the theaters.  I actually wanted to see &quot;One Magic Christmas&quot; more when they both came out, but decided instead to see &quot;Santa Claus The Movie.&quot;  And that was one of the best decisions.  &quot;One Magic Christmas&quot; wasn't as good when I saw it a year or so later.  <br />&quot;Santa Claus The Movie&quot; is my favorite christmas movie next to &quot;Miracle on 34th Street&quot; (both versions) and &quot;A Christmas Story.&quot;  <br />By the way, David Huddleson plays an excellent Santa Claus.
B00005KB9W|5.0|In college back in the early eighties Bob Marley Live was my first introduction into the Marley mania.  Being a southern rock<BR>fantic, this album opened your soul and gives  music a simple foundation.   A foundation that music has fogotten in this century.  A foundation that only a few understand.  Since his death in the 80's, Marley's music is missed today.  But to get <BR>a education into marley mania,  to shake authority of high up's this is the album to start with.<br />And end with peace.
B000024QML|5.0|Of course it sounds dated, but &quot;Very&quot; remains the quintessential Pet Shop Boys album. It's hysterically melodramatic - at a shrieking, fever pitch - and can still be exhausting to listen to, but is so accomplished you have to marvel at how they did it. An essential addition to any collection.
B00001U0DP|5.0|The title of this movie is perfect as it describes how the character Roberto Benigni thinks.  To describe the movie as humourous should be redefined as a black humour.  The story is centered on the holocaust and the prisoner who hides his son with him in the concentration camp so he can be near him.  He wants him to believe nothing is wrong and his antics to convince him of this fact could be construed as humourous.  He actually is showing his great love for his son and I feel this comes forth much more strongly than the humour.  I watched this movie and felt a strong sense of protectiveness over my own children.<BR>It is a great story for both adults and children (probably older).
B00003CXA2|3.0|I think the merits of Forrest Gump as a movie have been debated enough by now.  If you're reading this, you probably already have a pretty good idea if the movie's digitally enhanced nostalgia and praise to the virtues of simplicity will appeal to you or not.  So I'm just going to talk about what I thought of the DVD.  The film enthusiast and the Gump fan will find a fair amount of interesting stuff to peruse, but the bonus feature are unfortunately kind of hit or miss.  It's neat seeing exactly how all of the special effects were done or how sound and makeup were used to enhance mood in particular scenes.  The screen test are nice enough, if only because you get to see Tom Hanks playing Forrest before he had worked out the accent.  And the Zemeckis/Starket/Carter commentary, while lacking the fun and spontanaity of some I've heard, provides enough good tidbits and insights to keep you interested.  But these pretty good features run alongside some really poor ones.  The Finerman commentary runs out of steam very early and lapses into the producer repeating herself (apparently there are at least TWO seperate scenes where Forrest first becomes a man) and talking about what she thinks the audience is feeling or thinking at that point in the movie.  (I don't need to know what the audience is thinking.  I AM the audience.)  Add a photo gallery that is half stills from the movie and a pretty bland documentary and you pretty much have the disc in a nutshell.  I guess if you really love Gump or absolutely need to know more about the effects, you'll really enjoy the disc.  But the rest of us are left a little unsatisfied and wondering why a movie that supposedly relied more on a great script than visual effects has a disc of extras which touch so little on the former and so much on the latter.
6305750750|5.0|all i can say is that this dvd is looking pretty darn good! keep it going lucas, three others still need to come out on dvd, and we are all waiting, patiently if not frustratedly (a new word i just made up).<br />PS: oh and we are still waiting for indiana jones on dvd, lucas, when are you gonna release those?
0380973650|5.0|Since everyone else has summarized the plot for you -- the ancient gods are alive and not so well in America, and competing with the new gods of consumerist society, and trouble is a-coming -- I'll just stick to the mechanics, This is a beautifully plotted and written book, free of loose ends, and surprisingly well constructed at every turn. It's full of surprises, and you get to feel the identities of all the characters, whether real or 'imaginary.' Maybe it takes a while for the central character, Shadow, to become real, but then, that's probably the idea. I'd vote this the best sci-fi I've read since Cryptonomicon...It would make a great movie
B00005LMBK|4.0|Like King Kong let loose in New York, Gorillaz lumbers out of the jungle and into the city. This multicultural side project from Blur's Damon Albarn mixes its cartoony graffiti art aesthetics with hip-hop, tough-guy raps, lounge, Jamaican dub and squelchy melodica into a dense and dirty eclectic urban stew. It's all performed with a sense of fun, strangeness and adventure, as on \\"Clint Eastwood,\\" which comes across like Lovin' Spoonful gettin' busy with Grandmaster Flash. Hey, Gorillaz is seriously B.A.D. - in the Big Audio Dynamite sense, that is.
0812550706|5.0|I have read alot of Science Fiction but this book is by far the best one I have ever read. It not only is very deep but also very enthralling and suspenseful. The characters are well crafted and so is the world. The later books in the saga are totally different but nearly as good in their own ways. A must read.
B0000508U6|5.0|Finally, the new century is getting interesting. Not only do we have Travis anodyne &quot;The Invisible Man&quot; from earlier this year, but now, cut from a slightly different patch in the same bolt, comes Coldplays debut, the peerless &quot;Parachutes.&quot; Comparisons have already been drawn to other artists, including Radiohead, the Verve and even Jeff Buckley, and although the Coldplay sound easily dovetails with that of these venerable musicians, the band is more than the sum of its influences. Coldplay is staking out a territory of its own, imbued with honesty and earnestness. The start of a movement? Call it the New Sincerity. In an interview with Melody Maker, singer Chris Martin characterized his band and his music as embodying aspects of &quot;brightness and hope and devotion.&quot; Genuine sentiments, which might make him appear a little out of place here in whine2K. &quot;Parachutes&quot; is an album full of light and lilting melodies, songs as sweet as they are sweeping. Let yourself be carried away by the ethereal &quot;Dont Panic,&quot; in which Martin  backed by the swirling guitars of Jonny Buckland and the pulsing beat of Will Champion  reminds us that &quot;we live in a beautiful world.&quot; With their high, haunting vocals, both &quot;Shiver&quot; and &quot;Spies,&quot; tunes in which Buckleys ghost is most clearly evident, embed themselves deeply in your memory  but not until after several listens, much like the rest of Parachutes. Perhaps this is due to the albums unprepossessing qualities, something thats also resoundingly absent in the overwrought 00s. Subtlety? Whats that? Find out here. Queue up &quot;Yellow,&quot; and be double dipped in what has to be most delicious melody since Travis &quot;Why Does It Always Rain on Me.&quot; Clearly, Coldplay is unafraid to be understated, delicate even. But that doesnt mean they are wimps or are devoid of darker shades. &quot;Our music has moods,&quot; Martin told Melody Maker. &quot;But theres often a load of optimism in there.&quot; Imagine someone in his early 20s openly talking about, of all things, optimism. Amazing! Just like Coldplay.
B000001Y79|5.0|&quot;Tragic Kingdom&quot; was my first No Doubt album. I purchased it when I was 7 years old, and was in love with NxD after the first track, &quot;Spiderwebs&quot;. Now I am a huge No Doubt fan (I would die for them!) and this is still one of my favorite albums. <BR>1. Spiderwebs - Such a great song! I use it as my voicemail message.<BR>2. Excuse Me Mr. - Another great track. An upbeat temp and good lyrics.<BR>3. Just a Girl- My anthem! Every girl can relate to this, and they can also rawk out to this ska flavored tune.<BR>4. Happy Now? - Who couldn't be happy listening to this song? :-p<BR>5. Different People - Has a lot of meaning to the song, more than you would think.<BR>6. Hey You - Magical lyrics make me think back to my Barbie doll days<BR>7. The Climb - Inspirational to me, relate to most of my life<BR> 8. Sixteen - Another song that is easy to relate to. <BR>9. Sunday Morning - This has got to be one of my favorite NxD songs! I love the riffs, the tempo, the lyrics, EVERYTHING!<BR>10. Don't Speak- Heartbreaking story of Gwen and Tony's break up. <BR>11. You Can Do It- I listen to this every day before I go to school!<BR>12. World Go 'Round- Fun, fun, fun.<BR>13. End It on This- Makes you think of that special someone<BR>14. Tragic Kingdom - This is much more than a fantasy tale of a kingdom.. <br />They're all great!! This is one album you shouldn't pass up.
B00005LMBK|5.0|It's hard to put into words how good this album is. You won't have to skip a single song while listening to it. It also has a cool interactive feature for use on the Gorillaz website. Gorillaz big hit may be \\"Clint Eastwood\\", but all of the other tracks are just as good if not better. Do your ears a favor and get this CD now!!
B000002H70|5.0|There is no doubt in my mind today that this is the Cure's finest hour; there is probably no other recording I can think of that succeeded artistically and commercially to such a well-deserved extent than Disintegration. Although it does not represent what the band may always sound like, it contains the Cure's most unified sound ever, the complete antithesis of Kiss Me, Kiss Me, Kiss Me. It is a very long album (over an hour), but also one of those rare times when every single track is perfectly well-worth the listen. There is a huge range of moods, from happiness and nostalgia to resentment and pity. By the end of the album, one has experienced a very long yet wholly satisfying journey through a big-sound landscape of orchestral synthesizers and the band's trademark &quot;other-worldly&quot; guitars. The title track is my favorite, followed closely by &quot;Fascination St.,&quot; &quot;Pictures of You&quot; and ....my God, it's ALL wonderful, trust me. An absolute life necessity!
6305268843|5.0|I was so pleasantly surprised at this film. I just happened to catch it on TV and became so engrossed, I had to rush out to rent it again. The story is rich and the photography magical. I am so surprised not to have heard of this film before....it must have won awards. I rank it right up there with the Red Violin. It leaves you wanting the story to continue. Watching this film is time well spent. Excellent!
B000002MIF|4.0|If you're already a Smiths fan, you should get this album, although there are many songs that appear as the same version on the indespensible singles collection, Louder Than Bombs. Because of its' eclectic nature, I would advise newcomers to get LTB. The BBC Radio tracks are a mixed blessing; all of them would be interesting to hear for fans, but some are definitely better than others. Examples: gorgeous acoustic version of \\"Back To The Old House,\\" the otherwise unavailable  \\"Handsome Devil,\\" and a version of \\"Still Ill\\" with a very fun harmonica intro/outro. However, the BBC takes of \\"What Difference\\" and \\"Reel Around The Fountain\\" leave much to be desired. The crowning moment of this compilation is clearly \\"Accept Yourself,\\" an otherwise unavailable studio track that represents all that is brilliant about the Smiths musically and lyrically. Recommended for the already fanatical convert.
B00003CXAA|5.0|So...after all the waiting and industry rumours, it's finally here. We get all 3 classics (well, at least parts I & II are classics; part III is flawed but still worth a look), a commentary on each one, and a whole slew of features including deleted scenes, trailers galore, award acceptance speeches, and documentaries. Some people are complaining that part II is on two discs; that's because a 3-hour-movie plus a commentary cannot fit on one DVD. It's a minor inconvenience, but I'm willing to accept it to accomodate Coppola's commentary. Although I haven't seen the Godfather movies until a few weeks prior to the DVD release, I'm nonetheless very glad that I purchased this set. These films have influenced everything from later gangster epics (like \\"Goodfellas\\") to hip hop culture. And even though Marlon Brando was brilliant as the patriarch Vito, the heart of these movies belongs to Al Pacino, who should have received an Academy Award for his portrayal of Michael. However, the picture quality on all three of these films leaves a lot to be desired. Sharpness is a big concern, and many of the scenes that take place in dark rooms look rather grainy (\\"Part 3\\" is especially bad). I also spotted a few scratches and spots throughout the film. All of the above aren't terribly distracting, but they show that Paramount didn't put a whole lot of love into the trasfers of these films. After all, these are the most-acclaimed films in Paramount's roster, so we naturally expect a near-flawless picture. Moreover, the sound isn't too bad, but it won't necessarily rock your system. Although, the helicopter attack in \\"Part 3\\" displayed good use of all five speakers; otherwise, it's a pretty bland soundtrack. Despite these gripes, it's hard to say \\"no\\" to these films. Although Paramount could have done a better job with the picture and sound, it's still a great package of what may be the greatest trilogy of all time.
B000002H4Q|4.0|The Amazon editorial review is quite accurate in its' brief assesment of this album. While it is clearly one of the Cure's stongest albums (many say the best), I cannot bring myself to granting it the five-star treatment for an obvious reason: it is utterly lacking in any sort of coherent pattern or organization. This, and not the work's very diverse nature, is the problem. Musical diversity balanced within the overall context of a unified sound is very challenging, yet it is brilliantly achieved on the Cure's follow-up gem Disintigration. With that said, allow me to convince the reader that this work contains some of the band's finest moments ever. The huge chart-topping smash &quot;Just Like Heaven&quot; is of course to be found here. But even much greater feats of glory are acheived with such powerful tunes as the opening title track (with its wailing wah-wah guitar) and &quot;Shiver and Shake,&quot; both of which contain very bitter and explicit lyrics. Even more exceptional, and perhaps the album's crowning moment, is &quot;How Beautiful You Are,&quot; a very  mature piece (both musically and lyrically) about resentment over lost love. &quot;Why Can't I Be You&quot; and &quot;Hot, Hot, Hot&quot; are great fun and simply indispensible Cure. Overall, despite some  mediocre tracks, this is a very important Cure album that is vital for anyone's collection.
B00005N83M|2.0|This CD is a mixed bag, even with the remix of &quot;I'm Real&quot; which was added on to a later edition of this release.  Lopez can barely sing, and while the tracks here aren't bad, they don't have enough attitude and spark to command your full attention.  &quot;Love Don't Cost a Thing&quot; recalls &quot;If You Had My Love&quot;; &quot;Play&quot; is, lyrically, a carbon copy of Madonna's &quot;Music,&quot; and &quot;That's the Way&quot; is a second-rate Rodney Jerkins track.  Here's hoping that her thrid effort will be better.
B000002LBH|5.0|I bought this album when I was 15 years old, having never heard any Smiths music before (only rave reviews). It changed my life forever. Out of 24 total tracks on the album, almost every single one grabs your heart and your mind and hardly gives any room for a break. The Smiths were the greatest pop music outfit ever to be exported from the UK. This compilation of singles demonstrates how brilliant they were at combining the emotional with the intellectual and the melencholy with the witty. I can't even begin to get into specific songs, because almost every one is a masterpiece in its own right. Anyone who would like to get to know the Smiths and enjoy poetic lyrics combined with beautiful, jangling guitars must get this collection. Life wouldn't be the same without it.
B00003CXAA|5.0|As a young man with a wife and two small children I would run by the company store on Friday's to get tickets for the drive in. More often than not the movies where a diversion, but the God Father, and God Father II were excellent movies. Personally I felt The Good Father III lacked in sincerity what the others did, but when I heard they were coming out on DVD I couldn't wait.<br />Last Tuesday at 10:00 am the 5 disk set hit the stores; I was waiting at the door at 9:59 am. Today I finished all three, it was time for the extra goodies, but to my dismay only 20% of the fifth disk played.  I exchanged the disk at the store where I purchased them, but yet again the fifth disk wouldn't play on my system. I had to get a magnifying glass out to read that some special features wouldn't play on all DVD units.  I can't understand why not since the contents were old material.<br />Buyer beware!
B000002BE9|5.0|The more I listen to this CD the more I admire Fiona Apple's talent. Contrary to many other listeners, I don't agree with labeling Fiona as an &quot;angry woman&quot;. Confining her and other female artists to this false category only serves to negate the wide array of musical and vocal capabilities Fiona brings to the table. Instead we need to appreciate her for what she offers. We shouldn't focus exclusively on her &quot;anger&quot;.<br />Fiona sings the best lyrics about lost love and failed relationships: <BR>&quot;Once my lover, now my friend<BR>What a cruel thing to pretend<BR>What a cunning way to condescend&quot; - Shadowboxer<br />Anyone who has experienced a less-than-mutual break up can relate. Morever, her songs offer invigorating jazzy beats that translate into a timeless piece of music. Unlike other CDs, Tidal is not linked to a specific genre in time. I believe one can play this CD in ten years and it will still be new and captivating.<br />My only question, it's been a couple years since her most recent release. When will we be graced with more Fiona?
B00005AQF7|5.0|There are NO ( ZERO, ZILCH, NADA, NONE) bad songs on the album.  That is saying a lot too.  Every song is nothing short of amazing.  Snoop's smooth silky flow combined with G-Funk provided by Dre, Daz, and Warren G, and great appearances from Nate Dogg and the Rest of the Dogg Pound this album is just pure butter.  Extreme genius in every one of his rhymes.  This is my favorite album of all time by my absolute favorite rapper.  A Fantastic album with such bomb songs as Gin &amp; Juice, Aint No Fun, Whats My Name, Lodi Dodi, , Murder was The Case, Gz and Hustlaz etc etc.  Anyone who is affiliated with rap or r&amp;b needs this album.  Yes newcomers go buy this album right this second cause the vets of the game already know and they already have it.  You should be slapping yourself for even reading this review. Instead you should be spending time gathering loot to buy this ULTIMATE album. A must have for anyone.  BUY It it is truly a listening experience.
B00005B36H|5.0|This is a really amazing album. Every single song is really awesome and well thought out.It is one of my favorite albums ever.  Tool is one of the only bands out there right now that is really talented. And this album really show cases their abilities. Every band member plays their instrument with perfection-- especially maynard and danny carey. If you like tool you will definitley like it-- if you don't like them or never listened to them still get it-- its really good.
B00005LMBK|5.0|Since I don't live in the UK, I wasn't all that familiar with Blur, except for a couple of songs. And after watching the &quot;Clint Eastwood&quot; video on MTV2, I thought that it was cool to look at and listen to. But since this is a high-concept project, I was skeptical that a whole album could be produced by an &quot;animated&quot; band that was any good.           Boy, was I wrong. This album rocks! It's a wonderfully creative and totally original dark mix of rock, punk, and hip-hop, with a little foreign language song thrown in. The beats are infectious and the sounds are all over the scale and kind of weird.          The best tracks include &quot;Tomorrow Comes Today&quot;, &quot;Clint Eastwood&quot;, &quot;Double Bass&quot;, &quot;Rock The House&quot;, &quot;19-2000&quot;, &quot;Dracula&quot;, and &quot;Left Hand Suzuki Method&quot;. After the last track comes 2 1/2 minutes of dead silence before we get the Ed Case/Sweetie Irie remix of &quot;Clint Eastwood&quot;. I don't know why we get silence, but don't turn off your CD player after the violin fades out.        Parents should not be put off by the &quot;Parental Advisory&quot; sticker. Except for a couple of F-word utterances, this album is harmless. You probably won't miss much if you buy the edited version. I wish I could see more videos, but MTV and MTV2 have only played &quot;Clint Eastwood&quot;. This album is a wonderful departure from the usual prepackaged pop and rap.
B000003TAW|5.0|'Nuff said, but I'll go into every song just for the heck of it-<br />My Name is Jonas- didn't like it at first, but it grew on me like a vine, and now I love it =)<br />No One Else-Love this song - good guitar, nice catchy lyrics, and how can you leave it with an opening line of &quot;My girl has a big mouth, with which she babbles a lot&quot;<br />The World Has Turned and Left Me Here- catchy and great main guitar riff, good lyrics, and won't leave your head if you listen to it a couple times in one day :P<br />Buddy Holly - short, but good.  good power chord-heavyness, extremely catchy<br />Undone-The Sweater Song-ever looked up quirky in the dictionary?  I think they mention this song.  amazing song with an interesting idea, and it'll make ya chuckle every time.  nice guitar too (getting sick of hearing this yet? :))<br />Surf Wax America - great riff on the... well, you can guess it.  just insert &quot;great guitar part&quot; on the rest of the songs from hear on out... good and kinda catchy, though not the best representtive of the album<br />Sat It Ain't So- wins the &quot;best of the album&quot; award.  great lyrics, great everything.<br />In The Garage-one of my favorites, and quite possibly the only rock song with a D&amp;D reference.  chronicles the life of a kid who just loves playing guitar in the garage<br />Holiday-very nice!  I love the barber shop quartet-ish interlude here (for those who don't get that, it's the &quot;shadoop, beedoop&quot; type stuff)<br />Only In Dreams - amazing buildup and orchestration of instruments, great lyrics, and although the lyrics beg to differ, you leave feeling happy<br />Not going out to the store to buy this album yet?  Shame on you!
B00005LMBK|5.0|Since I don't live in the UK, I wasn't all that familiar with Blur, except for a couple of songs.  And after watching the &quot;Clint Eastwood&quot; video on MTV2, I thought that it was cool to look at and listen to.  But since this is a high-concept project, I was skeptical that a whole album could be produced by an &quot;animated&quot; band that was any good.Boy, was I wrong.  This album rocks!  It's a wonderfully creative and totally original dark mix of rock, punk, and hip-hop, with a little foreign language song thrown in.  The beats are infectious and the sounds are all over the scale and kind of weird.The best tracks include &quot;Tomorrow Comes Today&quot;, &quot;Clint Eastwood&quot;, &quot;Double Bass&quot;, &quot;Rock The House&quot;, &quot;19-2000&quot;, &quot;Dracula&quot;, and &quot;Left Hand Suzuki Method&quot;.  After the last track comes 2 1/2 minutes of dead silence before we get the Ed Case/Swetie Irie remix of &quot;Clint Eastwood&quot;.  I don't know why we get silence, but don't turn off your CD player after the violin fades out.Parents should not be put off by the &quot;Parental Advisory&quot; sticker.  Except for a couple of F-word utterances, this album is harmless.  You probably won't miss much if you buy the edited version.  I wish I could see more videos, but MTV and MTV2 have only played &quot;Clint Eastwood&quot;.  This album is a wonderful departure from the usual prepackaged pop and rap.
B00000D9TQ|5.0|A wonderful greatest hits album from one of the dynamic voices of the '80's and '90's. The songs range from his six studio albums, and his soundtrack work from Buster, White Nights, and Against All Odds. Phil Collins is still serious enough to show some spectacular music. I think this is one album any Collins fan, or Genesis fan should own, no jacket required.
B00003CXAA|4.0|Okay, like everyone else here I am a HUGE Godfather fan and have been waiting for these to come out on DVD forever, so when these arrived in the mail I was thrilled.  But they have completely wasted the DVD format -- menus don't come up till the end, all suplemental material is on the extra disk, and the packaging is flimsy at best (I have had this three days and already the plastic DVD protectors are peeling off from the cardboard.  And why no reading materials??  Incomprehensible.  And how crafty of them to sell these only as a set so we all have to buy Godfather III......
6301967992|1.0|Caveat emptor.  The tip-off that you get what you pay for is when the director has a starring role.  I fear that this is Roman Polanski's finest work and he, his Fearless Vampire Killers, and its subject matter share one thing in common -- they all suck.  <br />This film is so bad it's not even cliched, yet those who have a taste for heavily endowed women in Edwardian attire will not wag their tongues as I do. Twelve year old boys...pull up a chair. The Fearless Vampire Killers is potentially the crudest film one might stumble into.  In fact, it may actually require the inability to walk erect to be amused by it.
B00005B5L4|4.0|I've got 10 DVD-As now (including some of the great Classic Records DADs -- the Gershwin and Ravel sets) but have yet to plunk down the bucks for a DVD-A player with the &quot;advanced resolution&quot; features. A couple of the earlier WEA discs (The Doors' &quot;L.A. Woman&quot; and &quot;Buena Vista Social Club&quot;) sounded a good bit better than this remix of &quot;Rumours.&quot; On a standard DVD player (Marantz) playing the Dolby stereo encoding, the vocals  (especially Nicks' on &quot;Dreams,&quot; a track I've long used as a test item) are a tad muddy and lack crispness, definition and presence. And the mix on the bass end DEFINITELY seems overdone throughout. Even more disappointing, though, is the lack of &quot;air&quot; and three-dimensionality; there's practically no depth in the soundstage, and what little there is projects in front of the speakers, rather than seeming to extended back beyond them ... and you have to get back from the speakers to notice it. Maybe it's a reflection of the acoustics in the recording studio or the way the tapes were laid down, I don't know. For my money, of all the versions of &quot;Rumours&quot; I've got (first press American vinyl; Nautilus SuperDisc; Dolby B open reel; CD) the highly collectible analogue Nautilus version still sounds best. (But good luck finding one!) The music, thankfully, is still as wonderful as ever and it's great to see &quot;Silver Springs&quot; in the lineup where it was meant to be; the new arrangement of tracks (&quot;Springs&quot; in place of &quot;Songbird&quot; and &quot;Songbird&quot; finishing the disc instead of &quot;Gold Dust Woman&quot;) will take some Mac fans a while to get used to, though.
B00005QIPH|5.0|I thought nothing would replace Sublime. But these guys rock and hard.  Many of them met each other at an early age and started jamming together.  Albert Hammond Jr. joined them later in New York and the Strokes were five.  They experimented with different sounds but finally settled on this one, which sounds like driving home at night through the American Southwest from a lonely party at a club.  They sound pure, simple, and wistful.  I just wish the album had come with lyrics instead of headshots (though they are delicious lookin, it's been whispered in the wind that they're gay).  This album is addictive.  It's like all the best rock music you've ever heard from the seventies onward.  The Strokes will save us all!
B000002BVN|5.0|This album has been bashed by just about everyone because it is full of remixes. What most people failed to realize is that Michael Jackson included 5 brand-new songs on this album that are absolutely genius. Although the remixes are nothing special, these new songs are great! If you listen closely to the lyrics, you realize that Michael has matured lyrically and musically. Instead of the bubble-gum teenager we all knew and loved, Michael Jackson has become an adult that sings about real problems out there while still making us want to dance. Along with these great new songs, there are 8 remixes(including 6 previously unavailable remixes) from such artists as Wyclef Jean and the Refugee All-Stars and plenty others. The bottom line of this album is, don't believe the critics. The press have been wrong about Michael Jackson many times before. This album has great new songs as well as remixes from Michael Jackson's classic HIStory: PAST, PRESENT, AND FUTURE-BOOK I. If you are like me, this album really will create Blood on The Dance Floor!<br />Look for Michael Jackson's new album INVINCIBLE to be released internationally on October 29 and in the USA on October 30. <BR>ALL HAIL THE KING OF POP!
B00000AFGM|4.0|Let me tell you first, this is not a fan of MM. I only really liked this release, and it shows a lot of new-wave influence. That's just one thing good about it. They seem to be much more expirimential with this release, and there are many hooks to this album. Even if you hate Manson, the lead singer, this is actually tolerable. I really wish I couldn't say this, but there is something from them I could stand (unlike the first two albums) and doesn't all sound the same (unlike ACS or Holy Wood). Actually, I'd pick this over Drowning Pool any day. &quot;New Model no. 15&quot; is a better song. &quot;Last day on earth&quot; isn't really what you will ever hear from them again, so you might as well just get this one
0684833395|5.0|im just doing this to bring up the average
0061020680|5.0|Terry Pratchett delivers a great story, and a great exploration of Discworld through the eyes of it's most beloved and most (be)feared character: Death.  Worth the price of admission.
B00004ZD69|2.0|I bought their CD and saw them live. Everything about them is boring. Take a lesson from Mogwai or Windy and Carl.
B000002UKS|5.0|I'm sorry, but 5 stars just doesn't do this cd justice!!!! I own all three Foo Fighter cd's and this one never leaves my cd player or my mind... The songs are a perfect blend of the slower side of the foos with their obvious capacity to rock hard... The lyrics are meaningful and beautiful and they are delivered by an amazing man with endless talent...<br />And to those who scorn the Foos for sounding like nirvana, get over it... Nirvana was one of the greatest bands ever, and their music lives on, as do the people who were &quot;nirvana&quot;... David Grohl is living on, and doing what he does best, making music.... The foo fighters have their own sound, their own agenda, and amazing talent.... And they fully deserve to be who they are... <br />If you like Nirvana try the Foo Fighters with an open mind...You will not be disappointed...However, don't turn to them as a substitute, for the foo fighters could never take the place of nirvana, but it is inevitable that they will make their own place in the hearts and minds of millions as well as a place music history...
B000002UKS|4.0|This is a great CD. Everlong is the best song...
B000002BBY|5.0|This cd is beyond words... I cannot express how beautiful and meaningful it is, for the english language cannot do it justice... I love Noel Gallahger, and his supurb song writing combined with Liams voice produces an explosive combo... <br />I highly suggest you listen to this cd (which I consider Oasis's best, as well as one of my all time favorites)... It is amazing, brilliant, and beautiful...
B000002UD0|4.0|This album is spooky. Some of the songs have an almost twilight mood to them...Number 9 Dream and Steel and Glass. I never heard the song Steel and Glass until a few days after Lennon was murdered, so I guess it brings that creepy feeling back to me. But each song seems to have dark undertones. Scared includes the lyric 'hated and jealously are going to be the death of me.' I love this album, but the lyrics always cause you to think of his demise. Sad.
B00005NI5Y|5.0|&quot;Love and Theft&quot; was aptly named as it stole my heart away!  This new music from Mr. Dylan was the most joyous surprise and delight.  I have played nothing else since first hearing it.  It is like it is what I've been looking for but not knowing what it was I wanted.  This is it!!!   Mr. Dylans'voice in this album has a bluesy-jazz quality that expresses such feeling.  I just love this man and love his music.  I know it's been said before but here it goes again:  this man is an absolute genious.  Why his music isn't played on the radio is the question I'd like answered.  He won a grammy for the album &quot;Time Out of Mind&quot; and I didn't hear one song from it played on the radio.  Same for &quot;Things Have Changed&quot;, the song he won an Oscar for last year.  This music needs to be played on the radio, like new music used to be.  People need to hear this.  Mr. Dylan deserves praises and accolades and I hope he gets them.
B000003CMB|5.0|As cliche as the statement gets.. this album is one of the greatest live albums ever released in rock. By the time this album went gold, Duane Allman would pass away on the highway at 24. But there is no doubt, the ABB set new standards on what &quot;live&quot; music was about in rock.<br />The album begins as a showcase for Duane's slide playing, which was a new revelation in rock guitar. The rest of the band follow, laying a groove behind Gregg Allman's singing. It's amazing he had this growl as a twenty something kid, &amp; the chemistry he had with his brother is uncanny.<br />The second feature on this album is the obvious interplay between all the members of the band. The interplay between Duane &amp; Dickey Betts is well known, but the ABB were literally a &quot;five man band&quot;. They play as tight as a fist, while never escaping from the philosophy of improvised music. It'll take a few listens to figure out who is playing what &amp; when... but you'll realize how beautifully arranged their songs were. On one disc alone, it becomes a gumbo of rock, blues, jazz, country.... of American music in general, but with a groove. An absolute phenomenon by a bunch of twenty somethings in the American South.<br />It's safe to say that the majority of people never saw the original Brothers play at a show. But some of the magic is captured, right here on this compact disc.
B000006PYU|4.0|To be quite honest, I originally bought this album b/c my curiousity got the best of me. As a fan of Peter Green in his Mayall &amp; Mac days, &amp; being quite aware of his situation, I knew I wasn't going to be getting this disc to hear that tone out of his Les Paul that KNOCKED me out. <br />And I was right. But I also enjoyed this album considerably. No tone, no Les Paul, but this is a great disc if you really enjoy the acoustic blues like I do. It might be me, but this is some of the CLOSEST covers of Robert Johnson one will likely hear...anywhere. And that isn't necessarily a bad thing. I was blown away by the actual &quot;feel&quot; they achieved to the original recordings of Po' Robert in the 30's, which is a challenge in its own right. <br />I really don't know what Green played on these sessions, &amp; from what I hear, he enjoys playing the harp &amp; some guitar while Nigel Watson handled much of the soloing. But again, that isn't a bad thing. His voice has aged exceptionally well through the years (especially for the material they played).... &amp; it was just great to hear that Peter Green was back playing &amp; making music again. But make no mistake: the music is excellent on this album. Very ironic that Peter Green makes his way back, playing Robert Johnson songs...
0061020710|3.0|This book, along with the next two (The Light Fantastic and Equal Rites) is far from the high point of the Discworld series. Terry hadn't yet refined his style, and these books don't have much of a plot. True, there are some good jokes, but nothing as memorable or hilarious as Pratchett came up with later. The series didn't really get off to a good start until Mort was published (and what a start it was...). If you haven't read any Discworld yet, you should start with Mort, Small Gods, or Guards! Guards! and come back to this one later. Or, start here, but know that it will get quite a lot better.
6301697707|3.0|Very good movie with two realy good actors but...if it were more like part 2 I would probly like it more.I think it needed more comedy instead of being more serious.Its good to have serious scary horror movies but some horror movies are ment to have lots of comedy as well as thrills and scaryness and this is one of them.Yes it does have its funny parts but nowhere near as a riout as part 2.It has a good amount of gore id say for all of those gore loving movie fans.This is one of those movies where you watch it twice and dont wanto watch it anymore.If you want my advice I say just rent it first,and if you like it,buy it.
B000002L7Y|5.0|what can i say about this album? hmmmmmm oh yeah i know GET IT ASAP! along with all of a-ha's other albums. every single one is a masterpiece. but since this was their first one i decided to write a review for this one first. i am a proud owner of this album ad all of a-ha's other albums. i have every thing on tape, reord, and cd. a little obbsessed no? well i actually buy extras all the time incase one of my albums break. ive spent hundreds of dollars on a-ha records, cds and tapes. its almost like an addiction. but the only problem is its super hard to find any other albums besides &quot;hunting high and low&quot; and &quot;stay on these roads&quot;. all of the others took me awhile to find. but i got most of them. anyways this has to be the best thing to come out of the '80s especially 'take on me'. the music video for that song kicks major butt. i wish i could see more of a-ha's music video but thats the only one they're really known for. oh well. i highly recommend you get this and all of a-ha's other cds i mean they're all right here on this website. so get moving and buy buy BUY!
B00004Z459|5.0|You ever hear those words,\\"we just want to make music people like\\" well Linkin Park got my [money] cause this LP really express some good producing,beats,vocals and lyrics. Its hard to find a CD where every track has a different agenda and purpose and this piece of work represents their fusion of mixed styles and genres. This a great LP, so buy it and tell your friends whats up with Linkin Park, ya heard!
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Iron Maiden's release for the year 2000 is their most ambitious and most incredible album in years. I have been a fan for a long time, through thick and thin, and I must say this album is amongst their best. It harkens to the days of &quot;Somewhere in Time&quot; and &quot;7th Son of a 7th Son&quot; but is unique in its own right.<br />I saw them live and they played the first 6 tracks of this album, and it was amazing. Bruce's vocals and the guitarwork are masterful, Bruce is young again on this album.<br />My favorite track is the title track, I love it, but there are many great songs here. If you have liked a Maiden album in the past, you owe it to yourself to check this out. I hope their next ablum has the same energy and power!
B00005QCVT|5.0|First Pi, and now this. I have never seen a movie made in the same way as Darren can make them. The camera angles, the great music composed by Clint Mansell hitting at the right time, great acting, and good story material all add up to make an amazing film. I can say nothing but good things about this film.
B000021YQV|4.0|And i mean \\"not sweet\\" in a good way. This CD rocks to the max; it will pound your brain into not submission. I bought it because of the song \\"Chop Suey\\" (but, um, what does that title have to do with the song?), which is one of the most beautiful songs ever. Because each song has so many different rhythmic changes and riffs, at first it's hard to distinguish the songs from each other and the album sounds like one big mish mash. But after several listens the songs take on their own mind-blowing character; I particularly like \\"ATWA,\\" with its beautiful, haunting refrain, and the song \\"Science,\\" with its repeated \\"Spirit moves through all things,\\" revealing the spiritual (in addition to the political) side to the album, like the part of \\"Chop Suey\\" where he quotes Jesus: \\"Father, into your hands I commit my spirit.\\" My only problem with this album is it's too ...short, coming in at 44 minutes. ... ...If SOAD want us to \\"rage against the machine,\\" why would they help it conspire against us? Overall i highly recommend this album (even if just for \\"Chop Suey\\" alone) if you like this kind of stuff, but i hope next time they'll give us more!
0783110928|4.0|If not for Angelina Jolie, I wouldn't have noticed Gia, the supermodel of the 70s.  Nobody will deny the fact that AJ is an excellent actress.  I'm fascinated by her acting, she can take any character and make it come to live.<BR>About the movie, I'm not too sure about the life of Gia, but with AJ's great performance, I can feel how was Gia's feeling of loneliness and the needs to be wanted, by her mom and her friends around her.  Doing drug making her stone is the only way she can escape from the feeling of loneliness, as least for a while.<BR>This is a good film with great actress who bring out the inner feeling of Gia.
B00004XOWM|1.0|No, Velocipede, I do not like this album, and, no, I am not a &quot;hard-line hip-hop er.&quot;  I like music that is good.  Go find some for yourself by typing in KMFDM, Pig, or Wumpscut on the search menu above.  Go buy yourself some industrial music, then you will realize how much of your life youve wasted.  Ok, seriously, anyone that thinks this cd is great is a 12 year old kid that listens to this and honestly believes hes &quot;hardcore.&quot;  Yeah, bite the curb and say good night, Fred.
B00005QIPH|5.0|These guys are incredible.  Forget hype, precedents by other bands, and everything else you know about them.  Buy the record and just listen.  Let the music flow and immerse yourself in every single song.  Julian Casablanca (awesome name) has an incredible voice that rambles,meanders and run through all the songs all at once.  Each song expresses another emotion so perfectly, in music, lyrics, and voice.  This is the greatest band I've heard in a long, long time.
B000002AD0|4.0|These are some of the earliest recordings of Santana, before they hit it big with their classic debut and the show-stopping performance at Woodstock.  The band's Afro-Latin sound hasn't really gelled yet -- Mike Shrieve's absence on drums is obvious, and the lack of the Latin percussionists (just a conga player here) makes the rhythms a little less exciting.  Carlos's playing shows signs of his future greatness but on some of the jams he sounds a little tentative.  The live versions of tunes that would appear on the debut are much looser and the band really stretches out compared to the studio.  &quot;Jingo&quot; and &quot;Treat&quot; are especially nice.  I'm not sure I'd say this version of &quot;Soul Sacrifice&quot; is better than the one performed at Woodstock, but it's still interesting.  Some of the never previously released tunes are really just jams that sometimes work (&quot;Chunk-a-funk&quot;) and sometimes overstay their welcome (the 30 minute &quot;Freeway Jam&quot;).  There's also a smoldering version of Albert King's &quot;As the Years Go Passing By&quot; and a groovy cover of Chico Hamilton's &quot;Conquistadore Rides Again&quot;.  All in all, these live recordings find Santana halfway between the 60s San Francisco sound of long, drug-soaked jams and their trademark Latin Rock.  These performances must have made some very stoned kids very happy back in '68.  It's not perfect, but it's fun to listen to!
B00005MP58|2.0|This is such a wonderful show that it is with deep disappointment that I must report that the DVD version of it is HIDEOUS.  My wife &amp; I own the VHS tape set, and have watched them over &amp; over, so I was very excited to get the DVD version in hopes that it would be even prettier &amp; more lush than the tapes.  But the lovely settings, rich costumes &amp; etc are obliterated by the extreme over-exposed whitewash that the &quot;digital remastering&quot; has created.  The characters all look like ghosts!  We have gone back to watching the tapes.<br />In short, the story is wonderful, the acting extraordinary, the casting, etc, etc, perfect, but this DVD version is really, really bad.
B000006045|5.0|If you like Massive Attack, you will love this CD.  The title song is great.. Progressive Rock / Electronica.. Sounds like a strange mix but it works.. Elizabeth Frasier is great on 3 songs.. Man Next Door by long time collaborator is also great..  Very Different from Blue Lines and Protection but still a gem of a CD.
B00000ICD9|5.0|I've never seen so many mixed reviews.  You will either love this movie or hate it.  This movie is not for everyone.  If you're willing to go with the director on this journey, you will be rewarded.  This movie is visionary.  I sheepishly admit I cried my eyes out at several times.  I've never seen anything quite like this movie.  It's courageous.  It takes on the subject of death in a way no other movie has attempted.  The movie has shades of Jacob's Ladder at times, and a bit of Dark City in it's approach.  But at the same time it's both sweet and romantic.  I've had friends say that they just couldn't deal with the subject matter, and that's fine.  I found it fascinating.  Did I mention the visuals are stunning?  I'm a video editor by profession, and it takes a lot to make my jaw drop because I know how most of this stuff is done, and I was blown away.  But there's a depth here that goes beyond visuals.  Be prepared going in... it will challenge you.  I found the ending to be a bit...convenient.  I would have thought the ending more interesting if Ward had ended with Chris (Robin Williams) giving up his chance at eternity in heaven to spend eternity in hell with Alicia (Annabella Sciora), but I think someone thought it would be a harder sell at the box office.  Cuba Gooding, Jr. and Max Von Sydow shine.  The alternate ending on this film (provided on the DVD) was even stranger.  It gives a nod to 2001: A Space Odyssey.  If you're willing to watch an epic vision about the subject of death, buy this one.  I place it in my top 20 films of all time.
0425173755|5.0|MURDER ON THE ORIENT EXPRESS is a foundation upon which Agatha Christie's reputation rests.  It is the famous story of the murder on the train loaded full of suspects.  It has been made into several films, and I have enjoyed reding this book several times.
B00005OM4Q|4.0|The character development of this film is flawless.  Crowe guides us through the plot with humor, sentiment, and nostalgia.  We know these people.  Hell, I knew a lot of these people in high school.  The performances ARE perfect, and I was quite disappointed at it's lack of Oscar nominations.  This, in my opinion, was the best film of the year.  So why only 4 stars?  Well, there's a sequence at the end that just annoyed me.  Upon finally getting his exclusive interview, William asks his first question... and the movie should have ended.  But Crowe chose to do a series of cuts that were jumbled and out of sequence.  It really was a series of some bad choices.  I don't know what effect he was trying to achieve, it was lost on me.  Maybe someone else has an interpretation.  At any rate, it was a second-class ending to a first-rate movie.  The last minute aside, this movie is a classic, one that I will watch many times for years to come.
0312979479|5.0|AND THEN THERE WERE NONE is Agatha Christie's finest novel.  It's plot is fantastic.  Ten strangers are lured to an isolated island and then, one by one, get murdered.  If there has ever been a better mystery written, I haven't read it.
B00005QB9A|5.0|Its a wonder why these sort of movies don't get made often and when they do, they end up lower on the rental shelves or in one or two theaters because the studios balk at the general populace seeing something like this and liking it. everyone needs sex,violence and flash for their money but movies that are made like this leave you with a lot more then what you got for your dollars at the theater or rental store. its such a shame and as an aspiring film maker I find it very frustrating.<br />this film will appeal to people who like their stories with a tender touch. As long as there's a story to tell, its never the end and Guisseppe Tornatore directs this like a great fable with rich cinematic visuals and orchasteral direction. Ennio Morricone the composer once again leaves the winds breathless and asking for more. The story of a gentle man named 1900 who lives on a ship and plays the piano like a God is told so beautifully that once the end comes, its hard to believe the film is over.<br />like few, this film is a gem, a masterpiece . If you like this my recommendation is to also watch &quot;the english patient&quot;
B000003S0P|5.0|I first heard this album back in the late 80's.  I was still in high school, maybe 11th or 12th grade.  I thought I'd heard some great metal that floored me (Slayer - Reign In Blood) and had just started listening to some jazz that got me excited about music (Weather Report), but hearing this album at a friend's place where it was a somewhat older crowd floored me!<br />The raw power of an album made when I was just 3 years old came rocking through the ages! It's like heavy metal had been invented, fused with jazz, and sealed away for me to specifically hear then and there.  It hasn't been done better since, that I know of...<br />While I rate this album as high as I can, I must warn some folks that some of the compositions might be a little sappy, perhaps... The lyrics, and &quot;monkeywrench in the system&quot; feel &quot;Fallen Angel&quot; gives following the song &quot;Red&quot; just ain't for everyone. <br />I still listen to this album, and find it an inspiration.  I like other Crimson, but this album is pretty well it for me.  I think this album should be mandatory for any wannabe heavy-rock type.  It has everything from wallop to mellow and all the in-betweens.  It smashes you one minute like a a sledgehammer wielding battle-bot, then changes to velvet.  <br />I could rant on about the songs and such, but it's probably better you listen to this album.
B00003CXAA|4.0|You cannot question the sheer brilliance of this trilogy, but oh how I was longing for this boxed set to be the 'box set to end all box sets'. Sure, I can enthuse about the 3 films which to me far outclass any other films I have ever seen but I do feel that Paramount failed us all in their efforts. Lesser know DVD 'specials' include anything from booklets &amp; postcard/photographs to compliment the film, but in the Godfather set we had nothing??!!........we had the 3 films &amp; they are 'special' in themselves but would it not have been great to have had just a little bit more?????
068484267X|5.0|This is a worthwhile read.  Mr. McCourt has an uncanny ability to bring his story to life.  I enjoyed his book much more than his brother's.  The book is wrought with poignancy, humor, tragedy, emotion and reality.  I look forward to reading 'Tis.
0553106635|5.0|If you are like me and have become tired of the clich characters, predictable plots, and two-dimensional relationships in an ever-growing sea of fantasy literature, then treat yourself to a breath of fresh air. George RR Martin has vividly created a cold and brutal world where the only predictable event is the unpredictable and riveting twists and turns of the plot. Where the characters have depth and development throughout the series, and are shown to be only human as different facets are revealed from the perspectives of other characters. Where the politics are intriguing yet not overbearing. Where the cold, and I mean &quot;cold&quot;, re-emergence of a quiet and disturbing magic in the north slowly takes shape. The third book in the series has all of the above elements and more besides. Enjoy!
0451191153|4.0|This is one of my all-time favorite books! It is really a unique book in that Rand not only develops theoretical yet realistic storylines and characters but also creates this completely unique philosphy. It allows the readers to really question true human intentions and goals. With all this, it is still a really enjoyable read!<br />The only reason I gave it 4 stars is that it can become tiresome because it is so long.
6305127638|5.0|When I saw this movie, I thought \\"Hey, this ain't Star Trek! THIS IS FREDDY KUEGGUER!\\" You gotta admit, it's rather gory, but I look back, and it's one of the most Trek-like series ever made! I mean the plot's pretty much like the NG, ain't it?<br />Krige is a haunting Queen, and they brought her back to play her again in \\"EndGame\\"! Stewart is a master at being an actor. The rest of the crew, well, I don't no about them. James Cromwell was hilarious as Cochrane, and really changed your view of the man who created warp! I also liked his confederate, Lily Sloan.
B00003XB8K|3.0|This record is kinda unbearably lofty- it speaks about gravity, mars, love, future, crusaders, quest, silence, engine, heart, mind and who knows what else. Full with mantric, inventive sounds, sighs, beats and monkish chorus, the effects become a kinda experiment, although this is never unusual with enigma. Listening to it inflicts you with a mood similar to creeps. This also tries to be versatile, and its haziness gives the songs a lot of associations- they seem to be songs from sex, science, philosophy, absurdity, and to god knows what else. <br />Once you get to know the songs, they wont be too enigmatic; they have this secret of revealing enigmas through time.
6305127638|5.0|When I went to see this movie, I had no anticipation of seeing so much GORE! Yet,it's still great.<BR> It's got it all. Borg, comedy, sensuality, time-travel, AND DIXON HILL BABY YEAH!<BR> It has that Alfred Hitchock feel, too. Over all, if you like Star Trek, Comedy, Horror, or anything, this movie will be great for [most of] the family!
B000044TZU|5.0|natalie's best ever just leson to track 5 i really love that song going though a devorce the words and the music just set how i feel...i have been treated so wrong i been treated so long as if i becoming untouchable ,.the words are very much moving and she will touch your heart with this cd buy it now..<BR>I need the darkness need the sweatness need the sadness need a lullaby need a kiss goodnite angel sweat love of my life o i need this..this song i will always love forever thank you natalie for this..i will name my frist girl after you..
0446677450|5.0|My personal opinion is that everyone that cares about money should read this book,from teenage to elderly.It is full of wise advices of how to manage your money and everyone will see a little about themselves in this GREAT book.
B00000064G|5.0|Nick drake was a genius. An amazing guitar player whose open tunings and finger picking techniques are so unique they could only be matched by his hypnotic voice and superb song writing skills...Those of you who've heard of him through that car commercial, and those who have known his work for a while know by now that nothing else in the world of listening to music compares to a night in with Nick Drake's music. 'Five Leaves left', 'Bryter Layter' and &quot;Time of no reply' all have their weak points. 'Pink Moon' doesn't. It is, quite simply, one of the best album ever recorded and one of the most powerfull emotional documents in the history of popular music. So Stark and melancholly, yet so beautiful and charming. Buy this album right now, and you will be forever under it's spell. It will become, quite simply, your best friend.
B00003CXCQ|5.0|\\"Snow White & The Seven Dwarfs\\" was, like said tons of times before, a historic landmark in motion pictures. And now, in 2001, it's DVD release will be a landmark in the DVD industry.<BR>The first release of 10 \\"Platinum Edition\\" titles, \\"Snow White\\" has received a complete restoration. I was skeptical at how much could be done with a film that was nearly 65 years old. The picture is incredible, makes other DVDs that were \\"restored\\" seem like embarassments. It seems like the movie was made a few months ago. The 5.1 mix only added some depth to the music, not much change to anything else. The film's original mono mix is also included.<br />What struck me most about the film, was that it wasn't dated at all, despite what others may say. You do get a little nostolgic, but that's good. In fact, of all the other films from Disney, none come close to Snow White in any way. Even the recent ones, with all of their advancements in animation, no, they just can not compare.<br />The DVD showcases tons of extras, listed above. The best ones are \\"The Making Of Snow White\\", and \\"Disney Through The Decades\\" (even though Disney's history is rushed a little). Things that caught my eye in \\"The Queens Castle\\" on Disc 2 were the excerpts from \\"Tricks Of Our Trade\\", where Walt Disney shares secrets on how Disney 'toons are done and improved upon using new technologies (many that he invented, i.e The Multi-Plane Camera). A brief documentary on the restoration of the film is fun to watch, in \\"The Wishing Well\\". And the vast Galleries of drawings for the film are great to look at.<br />There is just way too much to review. I've had the DVD for two days, and I still have \\"The Dwarfs Mine\\" and \\"Cottage\\" to go through. If next year's \\"Beauty & The Beast: Platinum Edition\\" is anything like this DVD (and it will be), it will be another essential. Get \\"Snow White\\" as soon as you can!<br />P.S I'm glad to see that Walt Disney Studios are acknowledging in these \\"Platinum\\" titles, that these filmsare not just \\"kid cartoons\\" and are including these in-depth extras for movie fans of an older generation
B00003CX5P|3.0|A promising movie but somewhat dismal. Great SFX however. The &quot;opening story&quot; of the &quot;Star Wars&quot; saga. John Williams' score saves the movie. The Pod race steals the show.
B000021YQV|5.0|I must admit; when I heard my first System song, it was &quot;Spiders&quot; from the Scream 3 soundtrack, and I loved it immediately.  So being the influential young mind I am, I decided to check out the actual System of A Down cd.  Not at all what I expected.  My first impression was, &quot;Whoa...lay off the speed, bro.&quot;  I was taken back by the aggro-rock style these 4 guys emit, but after listening to the cd a few more times, I grew to appreciate it.  Much like this time around with &quot;Toxicity&quot;.  They still have the same in-your-face rock as the last cd, but the more I listen to Serj Tankian, the more I appreciate his musical stylings.  The man has talent.  Perhaps that is why he has his own cd's and I just own them.  Another reason I was surprised I liked these guys was the fact that they are an extremely political band.  The &quot;Prison Song&quot; deals with (duh) the prison system in the U.S.  I like it.  I really do.  As I'm sitting here trying to come up with a reason why someone should buy this album, and also trying to compare this band to some other bands out there, I am finding it increasingly difficult.  In the political genre of rock music, I can think of two other bands: Rage Against the Machine and At the Drive-In; but these three bands are like a dysfunctional family.  They may be in the same boat, but each of these bands has a style 360 degrees from each other.  Rage is super crazy rap/rock/Tom Morello-show-and-tell; ATDI is well, equally crazy, but also apparently has Horseshack from &quot;Welcome Back, Kotter&quot; as the bassist.  And they don't do the whole rockin' rappin' thing.  And then there's SOAD.  Forget it...this is like comparing Seinfeld episodes.  So, back to what I was trying to accomplish in the first place: a reason why you, the average American should by this, the completely above average album.  You'd be a fool not too.  That's all I can come up with. Otherwise, this cd is freakin' amazing and a should be a must-have for any fan of great music that actually HAS A MESSAGE and not just some &quot;Fred Durst ticked off at the world for no apparent reason&quot; b.s.  So go buy this cd and the one before it NOW.  You'll be the envy of your friends.
B00005JKES|5.0|...it is a piece of TV history, and the price is not too high for something so eagerly awaited!<br />You know that bumper sticker: &quot;If you can read this, you're driving too close!&quot; Well, if you are about to preorder an item which has not been released yet you obviously know A LOT about Twin Peaks already. Therefore, you probably need just a bit of encouragement before you sign on the dotted line, and here it is: remember how you watched this on network TV a decade ago? Remeber the fun you had?<br />At that time, they said that network TV would never be the same again. Sadly, network TV stayed pretty much like it was; Twin Peaks stands as a solitary achievement, not eclipsed to this very day; think of it as of Concorde - they built a supersonic passenger plane, it was good, it was fast and it was very expensive, it still flies, but they decided this is not the route to take.<br />So go on, order this collection. You know you want it. You know you will be watching it over and over again.
B00005OAJ1|5.0|Kyle Gass and Jack Black just want to rock your socks off, so let 'em.  Listening to these two is like two teenagers having sex for the first time; kind of slow and awkward at first, but once you get used to it, it just flows, baby.  And afterwards, you can smoke.
B0000024R8|5.0|I'll do anything in this god-all-mighty world if you just let me follow you down.
B00001ZT6Z|3.0|Musically this album rocks. Great drumming, riffs, and overall guitar. Tony Martin's voice doesn't sound too bad either. However, I personally see no need in lyrics that focus on witches, devils, and evil. That is just something that does not appeal to me. The music is good, but the lyrics are highly questionable. The question being what do the people who wrote them really believe in?
B00003CX5P|5.0|For the DVD release, George Lucas added a few deleted scenes to the actuall film. The pod race is a lot longer! The change is definatly for the better! The 5.1 audio is so cool! And the new hour long making of Episode 1 is the best documentary I've ever seen! I'm not the biggest Star Wars fan and I'm raving about this DVD! This is definately something you want to own even if you own the VHS. This movie tells the story of how young Anakin Skywalker is freed from slavery leaving his mother behind to start his training as a jedi knight. And you get the feeling that he and Queen Amidala like eachother a little to much as the Queen fights to save her people from the trade federations attacks. Buy this 2-disc DVD for all ages!
B00005N9CV|2.0|Diana Krall sleepwalks through this CD in a bland, elevator music style. It's a shame. I like her voice. I think she has talent. But her tempos over the years get slower and slower, she takes fewer and fewer chances and invests no personality, no emotion, no soul, to the point where the music is bland, background music. It's a waste of a lot of talent but the sad truth seems to be that Krall likes taking the easy way out. God forbid she should reach for a high note or create a crescendo, or show some passion. I didn't think it was possible to fall asleep during an intense song like Besame Mucho, but....<br />Let's stop calling Krall a jazz singer, which is really a bad joke. She'd go better with Lawrence Welk at this point. But let's be clear, too: the lack of \\"jazz\\" is not the problem. She was always a \\"light\\" jazz artist at best. But this album is simply horrendous. She doesn't even seem interested. She doesn't even sing half the time--it's almost as if she just breathes the words in dirge like tempos, as if suddenly shaken awake and remembering that she needed to get a few notes in.<br />As some point Krall, as talented as she is, will have to stop selling out or become the female Liberace. At this point she's on her way to Lawrence Welk territory. Sure, Sinatra did slow songs too. He also had impeccable phrasing when he did and actually sang--neither of which Krall can say. He also hit high notes and sang out. Neither of which Krall can say. He also swung. It's been a long time since Krall wanted to do anything but look cute.
B00005NI5Y|5.0|&quot;Love and Theft&quot; is bound for another grammy for Mr. Dylan.  This stuff will &quot;bust your brains out&quot;.  I like this collection more than &quot;Time Out of Mind&quot;.  It reaches much higher on the musical front.  The lyrics are compelling and typical for the greatest American poet.  <br />I've been listening to Bob Dylan all 41 yrs of my life.  I've been through all the transformations,  all the reinventions, all the albums, and I can say truthfully that Bob Dylan is still the greatest artist of our time and indeed of all time.  This collection of songs is a strong testimony of that fact.  <br />Highlights for me were &quot;Mississippi&quot;, &quot;Po Boy&quot;, &quot;Moonlight&quot; and &quot;Summer Days&quot;.  They take you on a journey through American musical history.  Dylan is quick to note his musical influences and blends his material with theirs with ease.  He could easily have been recording this material in Memphis with Johnny Cash, Jerry Lee, Carl Perkins and Elvis Pressly.  Or out in Oklahoma with Bob Wills or in Texas with Buddy Holly.  It just fits!  <br />My favorite track by far is &quot;High Water&quot;.  I believe it will become a Bob Dylan standard if their is such a thing.  It's one of those songs that will bite you.  &quot;profits dropping in the streets like baloons made out of lead.&quot;  &quot;It's rough out there.  High water every where.&quot;  How profound are those words after what we've seen in the last 4 or 5 weeks.  &quot;Love and Theft&quot; was released on September 11.  <br />In a time where there is no musical solid ground in an ocean of commercial and made for T.V. sound, Bob Dylan is an island. An Oasis in a desert of shifting musical sand.  He is thriving in a world that can produce no new icons in music.  <br />The musicianship is second to none. The lyrics are thought provoking.  At 60, Dylan's voice has aged, but is reasuring.  It echos the past and promises the future.   So give it a listen.  Take it allin.  It's a great collection of American music.
B000051VWW|3.0|First of all, let me state that I'm a HUGE fan of Sade's music. I always buy her albums upon release, and have attended her concerts at every opportunity. (Just saw her in Phoenix a few weeks ago) Like all of her fans, I was anxiously awaiting her first album in eight years.     I was initially disappointed in Lover's Rock, but decided to wait awhile before posting a review here. After listening to the album dozens of times now since its release, I must say that I'm still disappointed. This is clearly the least of her five original albums. (I'd rank Promise and Love Deluxe at the top, with her debut album Diamond Life and Stronger Than Pride tied for a close second)     Perhaps it's just the nitpicking musician in me, but I can't believe that Sade settled for a drum machine on all of the tracks. The sax (and trumpet) are also sorely missed. Sade's musical style was essentially minimalist to begin with--on this album, it's downright empty on several tracks. And while most of the songs are strong lyrically, that can't be said in terms of the harmonic and melodic construction of a lot of the tunes.    Those are the negatives--now, the good news. This IS Sade...and even mediocre Sade is still pretty darned good. ;-) King Of Sorrow (a beautifully sad song reminiscent of her earlier piece Jezebel) deserves a place among her best material, and Somebody Already Broke My Heart is quite good as well. By Your Side has grown on me a bit, although it's certainly not at the top of my list of favorite Sade songs.    There's nothing particularly awful on the album--it's just that it doesn't live up to Sade's previous efforts. After an eight year hiatus, I'm happy to have any new music from Ms. Adu, but on the other hand the heightened anticipation simply magnifies the album's flaws. Let's hope we don't have to wait another eight years for her next effort.     Bottom line: Recommended for hardcore Sade fans. IMO, new Sade listeners would be better off purchasing one of her earlier albums.
B000050XEI|4.0|I am mainly a fan of Country Western music, but have other tastes as well.  I found myself drawn to the songs &quot;A Day Without Rain&quot; and &quot;Only Time&quot; when hearing them on television.  I just HAD to see if I could locate the Artist.  I read a few of the reviews and I'm VERY happy with this CD.  It is a wonderful collection which I would describe as a perfect companion to a relaxing candlelit evening.  Share it with someone you love.
B00004YTZE|5.0|While spending a year in South-east Asia, I honestly can't believe some of the stuff I've found here; what are the odds of finding three Johnny Thunders albums--two of which were out of print?<br />The first was the posthumous '94 double live &quot;Add Water and Stir&quot;, which is quite worthy of being released, especially for it's second, acoustic set; something Johnny wanted to make a record of before he died.<br />The second was the classic '78 (but'91 reissue) release &quot;So Alone&quot;, which features an all-star lineup and great covers and revamps of old NY Dolls tunes, along with the moving title track and my favourite JT song, &quot;You Can't Put Your Arms Around A Memory&quot;.<br />The final (so far) was this, which I was shocked to find; I'd heard the 'Revisited' version on vinyl many years back and was disappointed by the sound; whatever mixing was done on this, it's masterful.  The sound, the fury, the attitude, the chops, they're all there--and Legs McNeil's quote about this being one of the best rock 'n' roll records of all time is not a boast.  It's pure fact.<br />Almost 20 years later, it still rocks as hard as it did when it was first released.  If you've been burned on previous releases, or misguidedly feel you have to stick to vinyl to hear something the right way, you're missing out big time.
B00003CXCQ|5.0|Experience Disney's Crowning Achievement Like You've Never Experienced It Before! The picture looks like it was animated yesterday! I cannot get over how clear it looks. The 5.1 audio track is fantastick! Theres so many special features and they are all so good! Disney tells the classic fairy tale with a style that is so fresh that it seems new! It's the classic fairy tale of the small princess who escaped her wicked stepmothers jealousy by running away into the forest to live with seven little men. But when the queen puts Snow White under the curse of the sleeping death, It's up to the dwarfs and the prince of Snow Whites Dreams to save the day! Don't miss out on this classic that changed the way we watch animation. It's only available for 60 days! Buy it before time runs out!
B00004Z459|5.0|Breathtaking, That's all I have to say.<br />&quot;In the end&quot; and of course &quot;crawling&quot; are the best.When I hear them ,it's like I'm in a trance. This CD is a must have.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Without a doubt, this is my favorite album of my entire 450 LP collection. Several albums come close (&quot;The Dark Side Of The Moon&quot; springs to mind), but none reach the level of focused complexity and emotional resonance that this album emits.<br />Opening with &quot;Airbag&quot;, an alien-sounding track containing several layers of guitars and electronic effects, the album is consistently enthralling and intriguing, surprising us at every turn with perfectly placed sounds and arrangements. And then there is the songwriting: there is not a single dull or boring moment on the entire album, regardless of how adventurous the musical territory explored by Radiohead is. While &quot;OK Computer&quot; may sound experimental and foreign to mainstream audiences, the band never abandons focus, thus not coming off as prententious or artsy for art's sake. <br />The record is meant to be heard as a whole, but highlights can still be mentioned: &quot;Paranoid Android&quot;, possibly the least straightforward song the band has ever composed, &quot;Exit Music (For A Film)&quot;, a gothic epic showcasing Thom's chilling voice, the Pink Floyd-sounding &quot;Lucky&quot; and the melancholic &quot;Karma Police&quot;.<br />Of course, anyone who hates grandiose neo-prog. rock concepts will be immediatly turned off by the record, so if you fall into the category which dismisses anything that doesn't rock hard enough as &quot;self-indulgent drivel&quot;, don't bother. If you don't, chances are &quot;OK Computer&quot; will change your life for the better. Few albums improve with every additional listen and even fewer yield as many rewards as this, making it impossible to get tired of. So do yourself a favor, and pick it up.
B000007T1M|4.0|Un trs bon album, mais j'aime mieux TOXICITY... plus complet
B00004Y7SF|1.0|this album is horrible. Christina completely ruins Celine Dion's song &quot;These Are The Special Times.&quot; I wont even get into how bad the rest of the songs are. If you don't already like Christina you WONT like this album.
B000021YQV|5.0|Although Chop Suey is getting overplayed, and this album is getting SOAD a LOT of attention, and the lead singer's voice is kind of annoying when he screams, this album ROCKS! The second I heard the first guitar strum in track 1 I knew this was gonna be a great cd. I can't say my favorite tracks, I like em all! I still have yet to check out SOAD's first cd- look for my review for that soon.
B000021YQV|5.0|Rarely does a band like System come to the forefront of the underground metal world.  They have struck gold (maybe even platinum) with their sophomore album, Toxicity.  The amazing creativity behind the minds of Serj Tankian and Daron Malakian are nothing short of godly.  The spellbinding blend of political messages and energy-driven music gives the listener an amazing new view of the world.  Really!  &quot;Prison Song&quot; demonstrates as such.  &quot;Science&quot;, my favorite song on the album, also gives personal views and provides insight into the mind of Tankian.  Though i cannot even compare it to their first album, Toxicity reigns near the top of the best metal albums ever!  No lie.
B00003CXSP|5.0|What a movie!. Anthony Hopkins is at his horrific best in Hannibal. From the opening scenes we are taken on a ride best described as, cannabilism is alive and well. As Hannibal goes about his daily life, calmly despatching with ease anyone who dares to try and turn him in to the pig owner, for a feast with friends. The scene where the cop is hung out (so to speak) with his entrails splashing out and hitting the pavement below with a wet sticky sound.! Just great! Would have to be one of the best horor films to date. I would have to rate Ray Liotta eating his own brains would have to be the best yet. His performance is excellent,  and his table manners horrible!....
B000001FA4|5.0|The main reason I love this album is that several pieces don't have choruses, or if they do they aren't copied the same way throughout the song. My absolute favorite of the album (and my favorite song as well) is &quot;A Sort of Homecoming&quot; precisely because instead of centering around the chorus the song continuously gains momentum, leading up to the line &quot;no spoken words just a scream&quot; and then Bono's example of that...it's riveting. Other songs that go on momentum are &quot;Unforgettable Fire,&quot; &quot;Elvis Presley in America&quot; and &quot;Promenade.&quot; In a way it is lyrical poetry, inprovosational and unpatterned.
0800141849|5.0|Barbra makes so many good movies. She is wonderful in this role. I wish she would make another movie soon.
B00005N9CV|3.0|I simply have no idea what to make of this disc. While I have never been completely enthralled with Ms. Krall's music I must admit to enjoying her last disc &quot;When I Look Into Your Eyes&quot; very much. Strong song selection, Johnny Mandel's subtle orchestrations and a wry sense of humour permeated the cd and made it one of my favorites. <br />That being said, I eagerly awaited the arrival of &quot;The Look of Love&quot;. I truly wanted to enjoy this disc much more than I actually do. A more mundane and depressing affair will be hard to find. I just cannot imagine why we need yet another rendition of &quot;Cry Me A River&quot; and &quot;S'Wonderful&quot;. By tackling such standards Ms. Krall unfortunately invites comparisons to, respectively Julie London and Ella. This is not a task that she should welcome. And as for the title track it certainly makes me yearn for Dusty Springfield! All in all a very lackluster affair!<br />All this may seem rather harsh but...my instinct tells me that what Ms Krall and Verve have released, to her unsuspecting fan base, is a cd which subscribes to the &quot;style over substance&quot; type of thinking. A disc very well marketed and packaged but unfortuantely little of any real,honest music will be found inside. <br /> If I'm disappointed it's only because I'm certain that Diana Krall is better than what this disc represents. I still look forward to each new release and I hope her next will be marketed, not for mass appeal but for jazz lovers. Herself included!
630382336X|5.0|Actually, the first time I saw Hard Day's Night was in 1989.  I was only nine years old at the time, and my grandma who had cable (which was a status symbol in those days) recorded it off the Disney Channel.  My favourite part of the film is during the backstage interviews, and when Ringo is asked by a reporter whether he is a mod or a rocker, he simply replies he's a &quot;mocker&quot;.  When Paul is asked about his relationships with anyone from John Lennon to Paul's own father, he simply replies, &quot;No, actually we're just good friends.&quot;  I watched this film quite a few times until a couple years ago when my mom was cleaning house and got rid of the tape it was on!!<BR>I was so mad about that.  Oh well.  I can always get another copy.
B00000JCB2|1.0|Limp Bizkit is the perfect example of everything wrong with the American heavy music scene.  The lyrics are unbelievably cliched, the music is poorly executed, and there is almost no real melody.  I'm sorry if that hurts,but it's the truth.  This &quot;band&quot; is quite awful.  All of the songs are verse-chorus-verse, with no progression.  The same chords are used repeatedly, with the same pattern.  This is why Norway and Sweden have much better scenes. Those countries don't bow to trends, they create them, perfect them, and then surpass them.  Don't waste your money on Limp Bizkit, buy some Iced Earth or Shadows Fall, both bands who do the American scene proud.  We'll beat those Scandinavians yet!
B000021YQV|5.0|this cd is actually beautiful i personally hate metal but this cd is great i actually luv this cd bounce is a funny song chop suey and needles have some damn beautiful parts in em serj is a great singer get this cd now o and a good band is BUFFER THAN ROCK...
6305052158|3.0|This fine film was taken away from Brando &amp; butchered by the studio when he dallied too long over the editing. One Eye Jacks may be the first Italian western. The pace is leisurely; the scenery awesome; western cliches are dwelled upon &amp; turned upside down (Slim Pickens drawls, &quot;You ain't gonna get any older than tomorrow.&quot; Brando's Jesus-as-unredeemed-outlaw character is horsewhipped, crucifixion-style, by the hypocritical Karl Malden. Hugo Friedhofer's score is one of the finest ever composed for a Hollywood movie - he clearly admired Brando. Somewhere out there is the director's cut. Let's see it!
0440219078|5.0|The Giver, by Lois Lowry is an exceptional book to say the least.  It grabbes your eye and your attention and takes you along for a whirlwind ride to a time and place unimaginable to even the most creative of minds.  <br />Within a moment of opening the book, one is thrashed abrubtly into a fairy tale land in which emotions and freedom of choice are nonexistant.  What I particuarly liked about this book was its ability to strech ones mind and imagination far beyond any normal boundaries.  Being an American citizen and thus, accustomed to the American belief systems of freedom of choice, speech, religion, ext. it was fascinating to visit a place which was the complete antithesis of all that America stands for.  One almost wonders while reading &quot;The Giver&quot; whether the major conceptual ideas relate to world history, with possibly America as &quot;Elsewhere&quot; which Jonas and The Giver frequently talk about, and a communist/fascist/dictatorship being where they are up until that point.  I am unaware at this point during which time peroid &quot;The Giver&quot; was written, however, it is an interesting thought to say the least.<br />Regardless, although I thought The Giver's compliance with Jonas's precipitious ideas came rather quickly (their runaway mission to Elsewhere), prehaps too quickly to say the least, I enjoyed the book and would list that as my only complaint if asked to do so.  Also, I thought &quot;The Giver&quot; was extremly well written and not too verbose as many novels tend to with their superflous words which only confuse and slow the process of reading as opposed to intriguing and interesting which they are intended to do.<br />Therefore, I truely enjoy the book &quot;The Giver&quot; and would recommend it to anyone looking for an escape, as I was at the time.  For &quot;The Giver&quot; does just that, takes you to a faraway land where you can forget all your troubles and bask in the simple pleasures that belong (hopefully) to you, such as freedom of speech, religion, ext., that unfourtunatly, Jonas did not.
B00003CX8I|3.0|The film is flawlessely made. My recollection of the X-men comic book series is a bit vague, but it seems close to the concept. like all science fiction this one attempts to preach a moral along with the fable, the tried and true one about accepting people with differences, but the message lacks the sophistication of the Mystery Men. Unlike other superhero films this one takes itself as a straight coin and does not attempt to create atmospheric moods of the Gotham City or The Crow. The film is fast paced like an hour long TV episode or a comic book; it raises the issues of the gifted and the creative being ostracized, but movesd too fast to explore it in any detail. The film loses a star for its shallowness and lack of character development, and another star for bringing in an obvious and heavy handed message.
B00005B36H|4.0|I had very high expectations for this when it was released.  And it pretty much delivered.  I do prefer aenima slighty over this album.  Even though this is a very good album most of the songs seemed a little to predictable and didn't have the variety that aenima had.  I did see them in concert last night in orlando and it was AWESOME not to sound too corny but it was almost spiritual. In closing I will say this is clearly better than anything that any other band in this genre has put out recently and in my view the best band to put feeling and emotion in there music since pink floyd or led zepplin.
B00003CXCQ|5.0|This dvd set is just packed with yummy treasures! The film alone is worth it with it's beautifully restored frames of animation.. You get so much more though with this 2 disk set. So much that Angela Lansbury is available to take you on a virtual tour of both disks!!  Nevermind if you think you've seen Snow White before.. YOU MUST OWN THIS DVD!!!!  =)  It is well worth it &amp; you'll be glad you did!
6305751706|2.0|The story behind the movie &quot;Gothic&quot; is an odd, but intriguing story. The &quot;Haunted Summer&quot; that Mary Shelley, Percy Shelley, and Lord Byron spent together doing drugs and engaging in whatever their hearts desired led them all to the very edge of madness. It's an incredible story. The movie however, is not the best tribute to these legends that I have ever seen. The cast is completely mis-matched Gabriel Byrne, Julian Sands, and Natasha Richardson head up the cast and they just don't work well together. Julian Sands, although a better actor now, was still quite a novice and his performance is simply unbelievable. Gabriel Byrne although physically matching for the part of Lord Byron doesn't put as much passion as he should've playing the mad poet. Natasha Richardson spends most of the movie trying to rationalize everything and doesn't reveal Mary's passion. It's a very dry movie that lacks the emotion needed to bring in the viewer. The horror was downplayed and too much time was devoted to dialogue that did nothing to give the story a much needed push.
B00005NKK8|4.0|This cd has lots of old favourites.<BR>Maybe not always my idea of the best music in the world, but it's really good for easy listening, and I know all the words! <BR> <BR>When you're in the right mood, you'll just lap it up, and most of the time, you will be in the right mood to hear music stemming from the 60s and 70s.<br />The cd booklet has a wonderful blurb thing that I entirely agree with:  it says: 'The movie \\"Forrest Gump\\" is about time.  A simple man's journey through complicated times.  The coming-of-age of a generation and a whole country.  And at the heart of the story is the music.  Music that lives with us, always there to remind us of the people, the places, and the events of our times.  The music of \\"Forrest Gump\\" is as vital as any character - it is a character - complex and exhilirating, humorous and heartbreaking, the essence of what we once were and will always be.'<br />A cd that deserves a place in my collection, most definetly.
B000002HPT|5.0|This was the turning-the-clock-around album for Dream Theater. Mike Portnoy said that this album nearly killed Dream Theater because the record company wanted them to make a commercial album. I despise it when a record company tells you what to do, but Dream Theater compromised. Part of it you would expect to hear on Images and Words or Awake, and some you would go &quot;HUH?&quot;<br />1.New Millenium-Very techno-ish intro. This is not a great album-opener, but it's a great song. 4.5/5<br />2.You Not Me-This is the very commercial &quot;huh?&quot; song. Although it tried to be mainstream, I still liked it. Very short solo, however. 4/5<br />3.Peruvian Skies-The classics begin. This is a very nice soothing ballad turns rocker song. Intresting lyrics about someone named Vanessa. I think it's about child rebellion. Very good instrumental part. 5/5<br />4.Hollow Years-One of the best Dream Theater songs recorded. This is a regular pop ballad with Spanish influences. It may sound like every other pop ballad, but at least this one has a solo, and good lyrics. Very nice. 5/5<br />5.Burning My Soul-Did Dream Theater write that? NO WAY! This is an ultra heavy song. It's like Dream Theater taking a stab at Metallica, and they succeed. Great riff. Also, one of the best solos from Derek Sherenian. It sounds like a guitar! I guess the record swines wanted it to be a single. To the record industry: WAKE UP! No offense or anything to the fans, but do you realize who was popular in 1997? HANSON! Do you really think Burning My Soul would get anywhere? Nope, it sounds good! Can't let that happen! See my point? 5/5<br />6.Hell's Kitchen-It's ok, they could've done better than this. This sounds like a instrumental climax that should've been left in a 14-minute song. Actually, it was the instrumental part in Burning my Soul, but I guess that they let it out so that Burning My Soul could try to be a single. 3.5/5<br />7.Lines In The Sand-Pure Dream Theater. This is another 12 minute masterpiece. It has a great intro, probably one of the longest for Dream Theater, and the singer from King's X is in it (I forgot his name). Not a great instrumental part, but it still rocks! 4.5/5<br />8.Take Away My Pain-Great ballad. The guitar has a Police-vibe to it. Good lyrics. Also, a very soothing chorus. I like the bass in this one. No one gives John Myung credit. He's probably one of the greatest bassisits out there. 4.5/5<br />9.Just Let Me Breathe-A little dissapointing, but good lyrics. 3/5<br />10.Anna Lee-Nice ballad about child abuse. Very good piano line. 4.5/5<br />11.Trail of Tears-The geatest epic on this. Let's do this part by part:<br />I-It's Raining-Very nice intro, and a good jazz like verse. Intresting lyrics about wasted years. I like the chorus. It's got a good hook to it. 5/5<br />II-Deep In Heaven-Great solos by John and Derek. John's is more crazy, Derek's is more planned. Very nice. 5/5<br />III-The Wasteland-Great ending. Where is this Wasteland, might I add? Good guitar riff from John. The ending is very soothing, and it's a great ending to a great album. 5/5<br />This shouldn't bee your first pick, but it will be the one you'll be familar with. This is good stuff.
B000021YQV|5.0|&quot;Father, into your hands / I commend my spirit / Why have you forsaken me?&quot; - Chop Suey!<br />You must hear this album for yourself to understand why it is dropping the jaws of critics and fans alike. Toxicity is 14 tracks (15 if you count the beautiful Arto Tuncboyacian hidden outro) of pure ear candy. <br />Serj Tankian. Daron Malakian. Shavo Odadjian. John Dolmayan. System of a Down is comprised of these four brilliant Californian Armenians. Their innovative style and powerful lyrics (no, Slipknot's &quot;I want to slit your throat and f--k the wound&quot; don't cut it here) will leave you speechless. Only then will you understand why they are truly &quot;the most popular band that nobody has heard of.&quot; Do yourself a favor and buy this album. Sure, they made us wait for Toxicity, but boy was it ever worth it. In a sea of crap nu-metal bands, System of a Down emerges as the most original and rockin' of them all. <br />My copy of Toxicity hasn't left my CD player ever since I got it. It's that good.
6305841861|5.0|Reviewer: Benjamin D from Canada<BR>Evil Dead 2 is just one of those movies that every human being on the earth needs to see (Big Trouble In Little China being the another) the slapstick, overdone approach to horror works so well, and even if you're not into the cheesy acting or cheesier special effects, you gotta love this film for it delivers; fun.<BR>This special edition DVD provides all the extras one needs for this film. The video quality is excellent, with barely any scratches or specks. The THX treatment really improves the sound, especially for those with surround sound. You're given a choice of either wide-screen or fullscreen, but this classic definately needs to be seen in full anamorphic goodness. <br />The extras include the requisite trailer, awesome commentary by all the principles involved with the film (director Sam Raimi and the man, Bruce Campbell most notably) and a hilarious 30 minute documentary detailing all the hard work that went into the film. <br />A great DVD by all standards. Even if you own every version of this film on video, buy this and treat your DVD player to some Evil Dead!
B00004SCX6|1.0|I think that brits album totally sucks. for one i only did like one song out of 13!!! what a rip off! if u want it buy a single! she can do MUCH better than this junk!
6302968143|5.0|Bette Midler is divine in this movie. Sara Jessica Parker is a idiot witch ( fabulous !!! ). The 3 perfect witches. What a movie, guys!!! Buy it because you dont go waste your money. I promisse!<BR>MIdler knows how to make a excellent film. Excellent actresses!<BR>Excellent movie!!
B00005MKA3|5.0|Bob Marley's music is strange. All of his songs are written in the context of his unusual and idiosyncratic Rastafarian ideology.  The songs continually refer to concepts which it is a struggle to understand. Babylon system- the slave system which has created the inferiority of the black people outside Africa. His majesty-The Ethiopian Emperor Haille Sailasse who was thought to have divine power. Crazy Baldheads-Western oppressors. <br />This of course is another political CD. Songs cry for the liberation of Zimbabwe, a battle since one, the unification of Africa, a battle that will never be won and so on. <br />The degree of politicization of each song is incredible for one used to western music. Never the less despite the irrelevance of the music to the Western Political scene, and the passing into history of a lot of the issues raised in the songs the CD remains a classic. Songs such as Zimbabwe raise the passions of the liberation of that country. So much trouble in the world outlines the sufferings of the third world. A classic CD, this release is in a new digital format with superior sound than the original recording.
B00000490M|5.0|This movie is about Daniel (Macchio) who moves too L.A from New Jersey he trys everything too fit in with the crowd that was until he met Ali and he thinks she is all out awesome that is until one night at the beach Johnny who was once Ali 's boyfriend spots Daniel with her and launches a attack Ali trys too reason with Johnny but it doesn't work ,the next day Daniel visit his next door nebighor MR Myagi ,Daniel begs for him too teach him karate Myagi agrees ,as he teaches him Daniel devolps a friendship with his instructor will Daniel win Ali?Will Johnny win Ali back ?Find out in this wonderful Martial Art Classic THE KARATE KID !
0553277472|5.0|I read this book years ago when it first came out and have continued to mull over the meaning that I found in the story.  The more I face life and my internal thoughts, the more I reflect on this philosophical book.
0780018664|5.0|Fritz Lang hatte bereits eine lange Karriere hinter sich undwar in den 20-ern der erfolgreichste Regisseur Deutschlands und imAusland geehrt. Seine Werke wurden mit &quot;Metropolis&quot; und &quot;Siegfried&quot; sehr bombastisch und z.T. schwerverstndlich. Da dreht er einen Film, dem ihm kaum jemand zugetraut hatte, das Publikum und Kritik sahen wie gefesselt die Premiere, der Applaus nach den ersten Auffhrungen dauerte manchmal 10 Minuten. Fr einen kurzen wunderbaren Augenblick waren 1930 noch die sthetik des Stummfilms mit dem neuen Ton vermhlt. Fritz Lang setzte den Ton sparsam und expressiv ein, z.B. auf den Straen ist in der Regel kein Autogerusch zu hren. Die Zeit war gut gewhlt, gerade war der Proze um den Massenmrder Krten in der Presse. Die Ganoven werden mit Theo Lingen sympathisch und volkstmlich dargestellt, Gustyv Grndgens brilliert als autoritrer Unterweltbo, der aber ein Herz fr kleine Kinder hat. Parallelen zur damaligen politischen Entwicklung? Peter Lorre gibt ein beeindruckendes Dokument seiner Seelenlandschaft wieder, das Lang genau mit Psychologen studiert hatte. Als surrealer Hhepunkt wird der &quot;Proze&quot; gegen den gefangenen Lorre in einer Fabrikruine gezeigt. Der Film ist so spannend, die Zeit vergeht im Nu. Cineasten haben den Film hufiger als bestes deutsches Werk des 20. Jahrhunderts gewhlt, mit &quot;Emil und die Detektive&quot; soll er die beste Visitenkarte dieser riesengroen deutschen Stadt wiedergegeben haben, die spter so anders wurde. Meiner Ansicht war Fritz Lang mit Friedrich Murnau der beste Regisseur, den Deutschland bis zum heutigen Tag hatte. Es ist schn, da sich offenbar mit diesen Reviews viele Zuschauer der USA sich noch fr das europische Kino dieser Zeit interessieren, mehr als in Deutschland, wo M nur 3 Reviews hat. Vielen Dank. MFG Thomas Richter Frankfurt-Riederwald
B000000P17|4.0|You may read the synopsis of the album: 'a collection of punk covers by GNR' and think it's going to be rubbish but if you know Guns N' Roses, they make everything special and this ain't an execption!  Every song is cool, there's lovely ballads like 'Since I don't have you' and pure rockers in there as well. Well worth buying if you like GNR.  In between the tracks, there's banter from the band and they really do sound happy to be in each other company, so why the split up?  (I now cry into my beer)  Do'h.  Anyways,  BUY IT!
B00004T9UF|4.0|Heh, No! This CD had totally got all but for sum songs. Like &quot;Amityville&quot;. I love the rest of the CD and the launguage might be a little foul but I'll tell yuo one thing! He definatly got beat!
B00004VXF2|3.0|Wie hat Lou Reed das damals geschafft, seiner Plattenfirma dieses Ding anzudrehen?<BR>Dies ist die schlimmste Platte die je von einem bekannten Knstler auf einem bekannten Plattenlabel wie RCA verbrochen wurde. Lange habe ich nur davon gelesen, als ich die DoLP auftreiben konnte wurden die schlimmsten Erwartungen noch bertroffen. Kaufen, reinhren, wundern und andere damit rgern. Nicht bse sein, nur ein Spa: Obelix wrde sagen &quot;Die spinnen, die Amis&quot;.<br />Es gibt auch schier unanhrbare Platten auf europischen Undergroundlabels zuhauf, doch MMM hat einen Sonderstatus wegen der bekannten Plattenfirma und dem bis dato renommierten Knstler. Und ber kaum ein Werk dieser Art wurde so viel geschrieben und debattiert 1975 wie ber MMM. Einige Kritiker sahen tatschlich etwas intellektuelles darin, dabei schien Reed nur seinen Plattenvertrag mit einem Desaster wie diesem lsen zu wollen. Seine kommerzielle Karriere (von &quot;Transformer&quot; bis &quot;Sally Cant dance&quot; hat er damit ber Nacht in Trmmer gelegt) Original DoLps drften viel Geld als Sammlerstck bringen.
B00005NI5Y|5.0|THOUGHT I WAS 12 YEARS OLD AGAIN WATCHING AMERICAN BANDSTAND ON THE TUBE.  JUST LOVE THOSE SUMMER DAYS.
B00004XQ83|5.0|The movie took me into the world I had only heard of from my great aunts, great uncles, grandparents, mother and father.<br />I have a NEW RESPECT for George's acting after seeing this movie!<BR>THE MAN &quot;CAN&quot; ACT AFTER ALL..... PLUS GREAT SOUND TRACK, FOR THOSE OF US THAT HAVE NEVER LIVED IN THAT PART OF THE COUNTRY, BUT HAVE HEARD ALL ABOUT THE BIBLE BELT STATES FROM FAMILY SINCE PASTED ON.<br />IT WAS HARD TIMES FOR SURE......<br />BB
B000002J1U|4.0|&quot;Immigrant Song&quot; bleischwer mit einer seltsam ausdrucksvollen Kinderstimme und einer vertrackten einprgsamen &quot;Melodie&quot; war laut Charthistoriebuch ein Hit. DA die B-Seite der Single &quot;Hey Hey&quot; bisher nirgendwo wiederverffentlicht wurde ist schade. Dieser Song hat eine mitreiende Akustik-Gitarren Figur (was meiner Ansicht typisch die verklrte erste Generation dieser Musik um 1971 mit &quot;What is life&quot; &quot;It don`t come easy&quot; pate). Der Song ist -wie gesagt - leider nur auf der Single drauf, die mu man erst mal finden. &quot;Friends&quot; klingt etwas monoton, aber interessant. &quot;Tangerine&quot; ist ein weiteres melodisches Highlight mit attraktiven schlanken Akustikgitarren-Riffs. Irgenwie ist ein folkloristisches keltisches Element in der Musik zu spren, in den meisten Songs. Richtig bluesig ist (zum Glck finde ich) nur das lange &quot;Since I`ve been loving you&quot;, die einzige richtige Heavy Nummer ist der &quot;Immigrant Song&quot;. Die Zusammenstellung ist ausgewogen, melodisch und abwechslungsreich. Mit II, &quot;Houses of the Holy&quot; und &quot;IV&quot; anschaffenswert. Thomas Richter
B000003S2K|5.0|This album is a classic, it defines what ambient music is. This is not an album you would here in a \\"chill out room,\\" unlike the 90's persona of ambient this record is very minimal in content. Each of the four tracks flow together making it a seemless album. I recomend listening to this album while driving, or while laying around the house.
B0000508U6|5.0|But four young men, from the same city that four young men came before some 40 years ago, have made magic happen.  Again.  The sweet, sad, yet certain voice of Coldplay is rare indeed.  So far I have given away every copy I have purchased.  If, in addition to the optimistic peace brought by the music, you would like to see a strong, stark performance on video then make a point of seeing the video of \\"Yellow\\".  When you feel you can't absorb any more innocent pain, watch the video of \\"Trouble\\".  At a time in history when it is very hard to prevent anger and cynicism from taking permanent hold, listen to Parachutes.  You may weep, but it will carry you gently back to all the tenderness seemingly lost.
B00005NWRS|4.0|This album is a big, beautiful, overstuffed mess. And I mean that in the best possible way. There are handful of stellar tunes, a lot of good ones and a few not-so-good ones. At a full disc-and-a-half length (2 LPs I guess), you had to expect some misses with the hits. It could be argued that he could have boiled this to 10 killer songs and clocked in about 40 minutes, but hey, I'd rather have double that playing time and decide for myself which songs are great. <br />It is indeed true that this album wears its influences on its sleeves--- it is firmly locked in the world of &quot;Highway 61 Revisited&quot; and &quot;Music From Big Pink&quot; with a touch of Motown and Morissey thrown in for good measure--- but, the tunes are just so darn loveable! Adams sings with purity and honesty and writes some incredibly beautiful words. The arrangements and instrumentation may not be the most groundbreaking, but the songs are tuneful, dreamy, folk-rock numbers that are never less than hummable. I mean, the whole thing is just a vehicle for Adams lop-sided, glum, and touching ruminations on love and regret. The album is very &quot;accesible&quot; but I'm not sure why that's a bad thing. It's by no means some crass, commercial cash-in--- this is what Adams wants to sound like. Listen to the posthumous Whiskeytown album &quot;Pneumonia&quot;--- he was moving in this pop-oriented direction years ago. True, ,he may no have more in common with Counting Crows than Giant Sand, but it's  not the end of the world. This is a good old-fashioned great album. All it lacks is absolute originality, but that's not to says he's just going through the motions. Writing songs that get stuck in people's heads is surely not the worst thing a songwriter could do!
B00000JCOV|2.0|First, let me say that I have mucho conflicted feelings about this band. My sister loves them, so I feel bad trashing them, and yet I do it so often. My problem with them is that when I listen to them I don't hear much. I look at their lyrics and I don't see much. The writing is juvenile at best, and all of those guys just create a wall of sound, and not a good one. The masks and such seem like a contrived marketing ploy, and I hate when a band does that. Oh, and don't think I can't take such &quot;heavy&quot; metal. My favorite band is Emperor, so there. I like my metal intelligent and real, and Slipknot comes across as neither of these things.
B00003CXDB|4.0|...or try to create and produce something. Quick-buck artists come and go with every bull market, but the steady players make it through the bear markets.<br /><br />Boy is that true! Now I wish Oliver Stone made a sequel just to depict what happened to the golden boys during and after october 1987. Of course \\"Wall Street\\" has its own flaws, but it's the best of the genre and the success of this movie relies much on the shark-greenmailer-two bit pirate-Michael Douglas's performance (if only Daryl Hannah knew how to act!): \\"Greed, for lack of a better word, is good, is right, it works... and it will save that malfunctioning corporation called the USA\\".<br /><br />What I like most about this movie is that there's no shallow left or right wing propaganda. There's dad Fox on one side and Gekko on the other. It's up to you to see who's wrong and who's right; although I have to say Gordon Gekko may appear to be a much more interesting and charming character than all the others in this movie, as almost all the bad guys appear to be in the history of cinema.
0380973650|4.0|Neil Gaiman is one of the most creative forces in literature today. His latest novel combines the art of storytelling, mythology, and a love of grift. Shadow has just been released from prison only to have his life fall apart. His wife is dead, and his job gone. Then the world goes on end when he meets a very pecular man named Wednesday with a job offer.<br />  Enlisted to the side of old gods Shadow travels America to help Wednesday recruit gods for the coming storm. Along the way he meets characters of all shapes and psychosis. He also learns about his past. The journey is the destination.
0792151712|1.0|Where to begin?  Its often said that a great film gives you something new to love with each viewing.  Titanic is the exact opposite.  Everytime I have seen this film (or even just clips of this film) I've found something new to despise.  Upon first viewing, it was the laughable script.  Then, it was Leonardo DiCaprio's shrill, look-ma-I-got-talent performance.  Next, it was how the film wasted a quirky actor like Bill Paxton.  Kathy Bates followed and then Gloria Stuart came along and -- well, the list just goes on and on.  It is, afterall, a forty-eight hour film...<br />Anyway, Titanic is a love story set upon the doomed ocean liner Titanic in which director Cameron explores issues of class and wealth with a niave fervor that reminds one of a college freshman who had just read Marx for the first time and is convinced that he's the first person in the history of the world to ever realize that the rich are different.  Kate Winslet is engaged to Billy Zane who is so evil that, even when the ship is sinking, he still feels the need to chase his fiancee and her lover with a gun while shouting stuff like, &quot;I hope you'll be very happy together!&quot;  One wonders if Cameron actually wrote that line or if Zane (whose performance suggests that he, at least, realized how ludicrous the film was) simply improvised it out of a desire to give the audience a good laugh.  Kate's lover is played by Leonardo DiCaprio who, in this film, looks and sounds like he's about twelve.  He's a poor artist named Jack.  His poverty is not hard to understand as the sketches seen in his sketchbook suggest that he's not a very good artist.  As well, lines about being a tumbleweed in the wind suggest that he's decided to disguise his lack of talent by being as pretentiously annoying and smug as possible.  Anyway, DiCaprio reveals to the sheltered Winslet what its like to be poor.  Apparently, poverty means you dance a lot, carry your own fiddles, and of course die when the ship goes down.<br/>Kate Winslet is one of the few things in this film that I have yet to find a reason to hate, except for the fact that she's far too talented to be stuck in such a nothing role.  For all the talk of Winslet playing a strong, independent woman, her function in the script seems to be 1) to get naked, 2) to be saved by DiCaprio, and 3) to continually look up at DiCaprio and say, &quot;If only I could be like you, Jack!&quot;  In short, she is a male fantasy and luckily, Winslet is a good enough actress to be able to bring some wit and verve to a seriously underwritten role.  Perhaps the only real problem with her casting is that its hard to believe someone with her natural intelligence would require a suitor as dim and childish as DiCaprio to open up the world for her.  When the two of them do finally consumate their affair, several reviewers -- at the time -- mentioned that the loss of virginity was meant to parrallell the world's loss of innocence.  It took me a while before I realized that Winslet, and not DiCaprio, was supposed to be the virgin.<br />Anyway, the film also comes with a second story -- a framing story that takes place in the present in which it is tragically revealed that Winslet has grown up to become Gloria Stuart who then proceeds to tell her story to Bill Paxton.  Stuart plays a typical movie version of an old woman -- the opinionated, crusty old biddy that everyone on screen adores but in real life you'd go out of your way to avoid.  <br />Of course, some might say that this film isn't about complex characters or a thought-provoking script.  Its about Cameron showing what he can do with a camera!  Its a &quot;director's film.&quot;  Well, its a really long director's film that reveals that the director has absolutely no clue how to make anything resembling human interaction in any way compelling.  The story drags, especially when that awful old woman is on screen, and the sinking ship isn't really all that spectacular unless its looming above you on a big movie screen.  Cameron reveals that he has a good feel for special effects with this film.  Well, good for him.  The men who designed and built the original Titanic had a good feel for technology too.  In the case of both film and ship, a lot of otherwise sensible people paid far too much money for the experience and both passengers and viewers were repaid for their faith by being drowned in a sea of mediocrity.
B00002ND77|5.0|Denzel Washington makes this little understood nearly mythical man breath. After studying the life of Malcolm X in a sociology of religion class, we watched this film to relax a bit. The script seems fairly accurate to history, and the imagery helps bring the conflict, drive and sincerity of Malcolm X to life.<br />In the movie, it becomes so obvious that Malcolm had just reached a kind of Buddhist nirvanna in his Islamic faith. Had he been allowed to live, his newly found spiritual insight gained from his pilgrimage to Mecca most likely would have helped to enlighten other Americans, Muslim or Christian, white or black. Malcolm appears on the verge of something even greater than he had previously been. Malcolm appears to be on the verge of becoming a national and perhaps even global spiritual and secular leader at the time of his death. Denzel makes more mourn the death of a man I never met. Inspiring, insightful. I'm grateful to Denzel and Spike for bringing me this &quot;joint.&quot;
B00003CXSP|5.0|Man this movie is soo cool... better than silence of the Lambs. I truly love this movie and rate this movie a ten star rating!!
0792846303|4.0|This movie's thread is synonymous of uneasiness, which is something every Carpenter's admirer is familiar with, but its specificity is rather palpable in this picture, as its menacing atmosphere embraces the viewer from the first moment Houseman's pocket-watch is screened, till Holbrook's prophetic death inside church's walls.<BR>This rather unoriginal ghost-story, features a celebrity trio comprised of Adrienne Barbeau (Back To School), Jamie Lee Curtis (Halloween) and Janet Leigh (Psycho), who are the main characters involved in this haunting plot. The movie tells about the revenge of a colony of leprosies, who were literally fooled to death a hundred years ago by the village's council of Antonio Bay (a Californian cove), due to greed and intolerance from its assembly and church.<BR>Due to the shortage of its length, the movie doesn't let the characters reveal a profounder psychological grip to their roles (despite the fog itself), which is a vital point in every horror film (even Leigh is quite passive during the whole viewing). <BR>All things considered (and despite this considerable flaw), the movie is quite enjoyable, and enriched with a dreary atmosphere of several eerie moments, which makes it quite worthy, and an example of another entertaining and faithful work of Mr. Carpenter.
B000005RQT|5.0|My favorite Deep Purple studio album of all time.  The playing is brilliant; on fire.  Gillan's voice is in top form.  He screams like no other. Bloodsucker and Child in Time are great examples of this. Blackmore's riffing and song writing abilities are dynamic, intense and paved the way for everyone to come including Van Halen. Just listen to Child in Time and the intro to Speed King. Lord is simply fantastic. He has magical fingers. Glover and Paice keep it all together. The only D.P. albums I like better are 1972's Made in Japan and 1970's Scandinavian Nights (formerly called Live and Rare).  The cover is also my favorite of all time.  Kick back and enjoy a treat. The remastered sound is a pleasure to the ears!
B00000IAU3|5.0|If you haven't heard of Dido by now, her song &quot;Here With Me&quot; was used as the theme for the show &quot;Roswell&quot; and another one of her songs &quot;Thank You&quot; was a big hit on its own and also sampled in Eminem's song &quot;Stan&quot;.<br />This whole CD leaves you with a calm feeling, but its not just the music, its the words and how Dido sings them.  Her voice soft and pretty much hypnotizes you until you fall asleep.  That makes this a good CD to relax and wind down with.<br />Overall this is a great debut, and if you're into this genre of music, then you're going to love every song.
0671042858|3.0|There's a saying that goes, \\"Everything under the sun has been done,\\" and considering the style-over-substance programming that has infected most of the recent mass media output, this quote has a ring of truth to it.  In most forms of entertainment, the symbols and strife of ancient myth are given a whitewash job, with modern equivalencies stenciled over to make it more palatable.  Often times the result is transparent, a good example being the latest crop of Hollywood derivatives (it almost seems as if that writer's strike did go on after all - )... but even when the story has been hopelessly canned, if the creator injects a certain amount of passion, thought and individual talent into the artistic process, oft times the results are so impressive, so emotionally resounding, that it doesn't matter than we've seen it a dozen or a hundred times before - for a short time the power and pathos captivates us, leaves us spellbound and in awe, in that state we seek entertainment for.<br />One might say that Stephen King, possibly the single most successful author of the 20th century, has mastered the ability of recycling those time-worn myths into packages of blissful escapist fun.  _The Girl who Loved Tom Gordon_ is standard paint-by-numbers King: a child in danger, a malevolent force in pursuit, and the struggle between them.  King has used this theme before: _The Shining_, _It_, _Christine_,  _The Waste Lands_, _Cujo_, _The Dead Zone_ to name a few...and, thanks in large part to a vivid imagination and strong character-building, King managed to make each of these books seem (fairly) original, unique from the other.  _TGWLTG_ is no different.  Using the `lost in the woods' archetype mixed with baseball and the power of a child's imagination, King turns this novella into a blueprint example of how to build suspense, pushing the subject (and the reader as well) to the very brink before climax/resolution.  The inclusion of the `good vs. evil' paradigm, a motif so hoary that one can't see the frost for the foundation, is strengthened by this build-up pattern; but even more important (IMO) is the introduction of the `stillness,' the meditative core that exists in all religions and (worthwhile) philosophy.  King has used it many times before in his fiction, but rarely to such effectiveness.<br />I've knocked off two stars from _TGWLTG_ for two reasons: one, that this is a novella and should really be part of a compilation (like Different Seasons), and two, King uses words and phrases that no nine year old (other than a savant) would recognize or incorporate, and the inclusion of such is jarring.  Still, this is a nice read for a kick-back afternoon. Recommended.one can't see the frost for the foundation, is strengthened by this build-up pattern; but even more important (IMO) is the introduction of the `stillness,' the meditative core that exists in all religions and (worthwhile) philosophy.  King has used it many times before in his fiction, but rarely to such effectiveness.<br />I've knocked off two stars from _TGWLTG_ for two reasons: one, that this is a novella and should really be part of a compilation (like Different Seasons), and two, King uses words and phrases that no nine year old (other than a savant) would recognize or incorporate, and the inclusion of such is jarring.  Still, this is a nice read for a kick-back afternoon. Recommended.
B00005KFUN|5.0|Now. Let me let you into a little secret, I know absolutely nothing about reviewing music, but i do know what i like, and i like this cd. All the people will tell you how good Bliss and Plug in Baby are, and they are right [although i personally think that plug in baby is the worst track on this album as it is so unlike the rest of their work]. However, from this album, the songs that everyone appears to love so much are the first five tracks on the album. They seem to forget about tracks 6 onwards, and this is where the album really makes it mark. The final tracks of this album are not singles, but they could be, yet it is these tracks where we begin to hear Muse coming through. This CD is only really warming up by the stage at which we reach megalomania with its strident organ and potent lyrics.<br />This CD is a must buy, and when i say 'must' i don't mean that it is the sort of cd that you buy and listen to a couple of times and never reappears in your cd player. this is a cd player hog, once you've got it it will never get out [except for brief interludes]. and once you've got this one, get Showbiz if you don't already have it, and then you will hear the full range of styles that Muse are crossing, with Unintended as one of the stand outs.
B00005OAIE|5.0|i've been following john since he released his demo. terrific singer/songwriter and wonderful guy. buy this album. nuff said.
B00003CXCQ|4.0|I must say this movie looks so great on DVD! If you buy it for nothing else, buy it for the transfer. It is crystal clear, so much more colorful, and is actually watchable now!  I have the last video copy and it hurts to watch that piece of junk copy now! Sure the movie still has it's cheesy moments, the occasional over acting, and several slow going story moments but the picture is great enought to make one forget all that! The extras are good, but not as great as the Toy Story Ulimate Toy Box!  But for the price you pay, it is a great value. Run out and get this movie! A must own!
B00003CXAA|2.0|is the only word I can use for this DVD collection, having waited anxiously for them after placing my order day's after they were announced. As an owner of the previously released trilogy on VHS, the video quality of these DVD's is astonishingly poor in comparision. There is a tremendous amount of grain visible, it's overly dark with poor shadow detail and there's been no attempt to clean up the dirt, specks and scratches. Owner's of the VHS tapes will notice that these DVD's have not received a THX blessing and it's readily evident. I wonder what the expanation is for this, considering that, in relative comparison, the VHS tapes look far superior.
B000002VC3|3.0|I just reviewed an album with a similar flavor to eye in the sky; in that able musicians and singers loose the soul that's supposed to accompany the music.  We've all heard those overproduced records that may contain fine musicianship yet you feel something missing.  &quot;Eye in the Sky&quot;  is definately that way, i may not be good at describing it, but i just get a feeling when listening to it that the record was recorded with an absense of &quot;understanding of music&quot;.  A great musician hardly ever lets this vile pest make it's way into their creation.  Take for example:  John Lennon, Elvis Costello, Peter Gabriel, Louis Armstrong etc...  who have all had huge musical outputs and people naturally gravitate towards their productions because they have a sense of &quot;realness&quot; to them, they bare their soul to you.  Melodically catchy and lyrically ok, Eye in the sky is not a total artistic loss, it has some high points and worthwhile listening mixed throughout.  I wouldn't buy another Parson's record though, there's just too many good artists i haven't tried yet.
B00005KHJR|5.0|THE WICKER MAN is not the type of horror film that relies on mad scientists, gore, maniacs wielding sharp objects, or the supernatural to generate chills.  In fact, up until the climactic scene, it actually reads sort of like a literate and engaging murder mystery.  But, oh, that final unsettling scene-definitely a must-see emotional shocker!<br />The story centers on Sergeant Howie, an ultraconservative Christian police officer whose every move is seemingly thwarted by tightlipped and xenophobic locals during his investigation of the disappearance of a young girl on a remote Scottish island.  Lord Summerisle, governor of the geographically sequestered community, and his citizenry openly practice an ancient and arcane Celtic fertility religion, and they are more interested in their lewd pagan rituals and bawdy celebratory activities than in assisting the mainland's constabulary with the investigation of a purported crime.  Though quite nonplussed by the ubiquitous nonchalance he faces regarding the missing child, Howie is equally appalled by the public licentious revelry.  He convinces himself that the missing girl has come to some sort of harm as a result of the community's religious depravity, and he is relentless in his efforts to prove it.  However, things are not quite as they seem, and Howie learns too late that he, the hunter, has actually become the hunted.<br />The acting in THE WICKER MAN is first rate.  Genre actor Christopher Lee, probably best known for his various roles in the horror films of Hammer studios, is over the top as the pagan Lord Summerisle.  Many critics have said its his best role, and he has been quoted as saying it is one of his personal favorites.  Edward Woodward, later to gain fame on TV's THE EQUALIZER, delivers an affecting performance as Sergeant Howie.  He leaves no doubt about the police officer's indignation towards the pagan practices.  And Britt Ekland's performance is the stuff of legend.  Not only is she quite believable as the inn keeper's comely and popular daughter, but her nude scene is highly erotic without being gratuitous and without detracting in the least the from the film's narrative flow.<br />Fans of the horror genre may feel that this film is thematically reminiscent of that masterpiece of 1960s horror, ROSEMARY'S BABY. True, both films do build their crescendo of chills and horror out of the presuppositions and superstitions of Western Judeo-Christian culture.  In a subtle way, though, THE WICKER MAN is actually more psychologically frightening.  The Satanists in ROSEMARY'S BABY are relatively inconspicuous citizens of New York City who are discreet about their unusual religious activities, and this being the case, it is always implied that there is only so much evil they can get away with without getting caught or being exposed.  In other words, there is a limit to the danger and horrors that the protagonist, Rosemary, will face.  However, there is no such implied limit in THE WICKER MAN.  The protagonist, Sergeant Howie, is the social outsider here, a lone police officer on an isolated island of Celtic pagans, and there is no real legal or social threat to compel the islands inhabitants to assuage their seemingly capricious and Godless folkways.  Furthermore, ancient pagan practices are a great matter of debate in Western Christian culture, so what, if any, danger Sergeant Howie faces is really an unknown.  This creates a chilling atmosphere that, right up until the unnerving climactic scene, keeps the audience feeling much more apprehensive and uneasy than at any time in ROSEMARY'S BABY.<br />The two-disc limited-edition set recently released by Anchor Bay contains two versions of this movie, one the U.S. theatrical release and the other an extended version.  (The theatrical version can be purchased separately, but the extended version is only available in this limited-edition set.)  Anchor Bay reports that the extended version, though still purportedly missing two minutes of the original film, is as close to reflecting the intent of the original filmmakers as can be achieved with currently known and available material.  (Some of this material is apparently tape rather than film, so there are a few short spots in the extended version where there is a noticeable shift in quality.)  This is easy to believe, as the extended version of the film is not only longer, it is also cut and edited in a different manner and, consequently, offers a much more logical narrative flow.  The theatrical release is still a fine movie-it also has a stereo soundtrack, which the extended does not-and adequately delivers the central gist of the narrative, but since the extended version is artistically and narratively superior, it is well worth the additional cost to purchase the two-disc set.nutes of the original film, is as close to reflecting the intent of the original filmmakers as can be achieved with currently known and available material.  (Some of this material is apparently tape rather than film, so there are a few short spots in the extended version where there is a noticeable shift in quality.)  This is easy to believe, as the extended version of the film is not only longer, it is also cut and edited in a different manner and, consequently, offers a much more logical narrative flow.  The theatrical release is still a fine movie-it also has a stereo soundtrack, which the extended does not-and adequately delivers the central gist of the narrative, but since the extended version is artistically and narratively superior, it is well worth the additional cost to purchase the two-disc set.
B00004Z459|5.0|This, in my opinion, is the best CD I have ever heard. It's one of those rare CDs that all the songs are awesome!! This is my absolute favorite... I never bother to skip any of the songs cuz, like I said, they are all  awesome!! Unlike the KoRn CD I have, yeah I have to admit, they are another of my favorite but come on, there is some songs in the issue CD that are a bit too weird (?)!! There is no cussing in this CD, which is kind of strange for any metalish rockish songs. Most of the song lyrics are really good, and they all mostly deal with anger and stuff. The tunes are really cool too. So, uh.. yeah! Get this CD!
B00004U8H4|1.0|This is a STUPID, STUPID movie (?)!  What a waste of my time!<BR>This is called entertainment?  Wish I could get the money back that I spent on ths DVD...........and the 1 hour and 45 minutes I wasted watching the stupid thing!
B000002N3N|5.0|Enya is very much an incredible musician, and Memory of Trees brings more of her characteristic style of music.  That said, it is, in the end, the same style--although if you like Enya that's nothing to complain about.<br />The Memory of Trees is my personal favorite Enya album.  It opens with the title track, a vocal/musical sound which is strangely haunting.  Enya demonstrates her eclectic selection of singing languages with songs in English, Irish, Latin and Spanish on one album.  However, my favorite track by far is Tea House Moon, an insturmental piece with a very placid, Oriental sound to it.<br />The music in Memory of Trees seems more haunting even than usual and is really an enjoyable diversion from the more well-known rock music of our day.<br />~Kei
B00003CXWV|5.0|I saw this movie about a month ago, I was amazed that one man almost single- handedly brought the cocane trade to the U.S.<BR>George Jung, made over 100 million importing/selling powder.<BR>The storyline is very compelling, and the acting was awesome.<BR>The ending of the story was kind of ironic, but none the less<BR>a very good movie.If you do not see but one drug cartel movie, please see BLOW!!!!!
B00004XPPK|4.0|I've made the mistake of only thinking of Rita Hayworth as a pin up model, in the tradition of Betty Grable. I knew Rita Hayworth was famous, but I just thought she was known for her looks. When I first saw &quot;Gilda&quot; I realized there was more to her than meets the eye. She was a talented actress. And to many filmbuffs she will always remain as &quot;Gilda&quot;.<br /> &quot;Gilda&quot; starts out with Johnny Farrell (Glenn Ford) working for a casino owner,Ballin Mundson (George Macready). They both try to make sure the money comes in, but never leaves. Soon Mundson goes out of town, leaving Johnny in charge, when he returns, Johnny finds out that Mundson not only brought a woman back with him, but, he's married! Now, this goes against their rule of woman don't mix with gambling. But, there's more to it than just that. Gilda and Johnny don't seem to get along. And soon Mundson gets a bit suspicious as why these two hate each other so much. He finds out they were lovers! This has turned Johnny into a broken man and has turned Gilda into a lush who feels no love for any man.<br /> &quot;Gilda&quot; was many highpoints that make this a must to watch. First there's Hayworth's acting. Macready as usual is entertaining to watch as the villian, something he was use to playing. And the directing by Charles Vidor isn't bad either. But, the one real reason you have to watch this movie is for Hayworth's dance to &quot;Put the Blame on Mame&quot;, and the guitar version. Plus everyone seems to have forgotten there was another song in this movie that was very attractive, &quot;Amado Mio&quot;. A great noir film, with lots of style!
B00003CXXJ|5.0|This movie was great.  Not only is the animation top-notch, but it tells a compelling story.  The story is one that eberyone can enjoy.  Kids will love the adventure, while adults can enjoy the hidden jokes on topics ranging from Disney to the WWF.  Myers is great as the voice of the ogre Shrek, who simply wants to be left alone...or so he thinks.  Diaz does a great job at portraying both the sarcastic side and tender and insecure side of Princess Fiona.  Get this movie, if only for the scene with the gingerbread man.
B0000024SD|5.0|An important release containing some of Dylan's greatest songs and performances..with a great cover to boot. Here Dylan decides to 'cut loose' and seperate himself from the confines of the &quot;folkie&quot; tag. A peek at the film &quot;Don't Look Back&quot; (filmed shortly after this lp was released) shows his interest in electric guitars, rock bands, pop music etc. Also prominent in this great cd is humor. Humor abounds throughout side one. Side one features a studio rock band- listening to tracks &quot;On the Road Again&quot; and &quot;Outlaw Blues&quot; demonstrates how much fun these sessions were. Listening to the rock tracks one realizes just how big the band was-one notices multiple electric guitars, electric pianos, electric and standup bass, and of course the omnipresent tambourine. The 2nd side is the serious 'acoustic' side. Only 2 of the 4 acoustic tracks are solo performances however-Bruce Langhorne accompanies Dylan with subtle electric guitar work on 2 tracks. <BR>A pivotal release, a milestone, and landmark of the 60s. Absolutely essential.
6304539282|5.0|The Star Wars Trilogy.  No movie series, with the exception perhaps of the James Bond movies, can even compare with Star Wars when it comes to popularity.  And Lucas tells a superb story, following the model of the heroic quest, and using many long-overlooked literary techniques. The charcters have personality, even those who never speak a single word.  The three heroes of the trilogy all fill in each others weak points, making the group stronger as a whole.  And Star Wars is so much a part of popular society that anyone who hasn't seen the films might be missing a lot.  If you haven't seen them, or don't own them, at the very least, see this set.  Or better yet, buy it now, while we fans wait for the Flanneled one to release the Trilogy on DVD.
157492589X|5.0|I'm not a western-movie-watching kind of girl, generally speaking.  One of my friends said this was his very favorite movie, though, that he cries every time he watches it.  So I gave it to him, and when he'd watched it again, I borrowed it.  And even though it's not my style, I really enjoyed it.  It has a wonderful pace, for one thing.  For the first little while I thought I was bored, but then I looked at the clock and I'd been watching for much longer than I would have guessed.<br />I suppose you could call it a lot of kinds of story -- it's a story of friendship, it's got your basic cowboys and indians stuff going, it's just got some of every kind of western movie plot I can think of -- but for me one of the central things is that it's about all the different ways people can be good.  All the characters aren't good; in fact there are some pretty awful ones, but there's a lot of goodness in a lot of the people in this movie.  It just comes out in different ways in each of them.  That's a pretty powerful point to make.
6305364648|5.0|True Lies is the third James Cameron/Arnold Scharzenegger colaboration, and is by far the best. All of James Cameron's movies before True Lies (The Abyss, Terminator 1 and 2) weren't action movies. They often had to do with things that could really happen and were very dark and gloomy. Finally, True Lies came along, which was James Cameron's first movie to be created soely for action and humor purposes. So with True Lies, you just sit down and enjoy the ride instead of having to think.<br />The plot is simple: Harry Tasker, played by Arnold S., is a secrety agent for the Omega Sector, a secret anti terrorist organization. But his wife, played by jamie Lee Curtis, thinks he's a computer sales man. Soon enough, Harry ends up traking down terrorists with nuclear weapons. Also, there are a few subplots, one in which Harry thinks his wife is cheating on him with a used car salesman (played brilliantly by Bill Paxton) Anyway, the action gets fast and furious when Harry's wife finds out that he's a secret agent.<br />The acting is great in this movie, as are the action scenes (which include a bathroom fight which leads to a huge chase, a scence where jets fire upon terrorist trucks who are on the bride from the Florida to the Florida Keys, and much more) The action scenes I just mentioned are just SOME of them. There are a lot better ones that you have to see for yourself. So the point here is that action fans will enjoy.<br />ALL IN ALL: See this movie. A fan of any genre will like this movie (action, romance, comedy).  Just pop some corn, dim the lights, put the disc in your DVD player, sit down, and enjoy the ride.
B00004Z459|5.0|This cd is just awesome! After this cd, Linkin Park became my favorite band. I mean who wont like it? It is that awesome. I can't wait til they get another cd out because I will be sure to buy that one as well. I LOVE LINKIN PARK!
B00003CXCQ|5.0|This DVD package is the reason DVDs are in existance. It is an absolutely amazing 2 disk set. I took my VHS copy of &quot;Snow White&quot; and compared scenes with those on the DVD and there is no comparison. The picture, the sound, everything is so much better, clearer and sharper than the VHS - which was itself, wonderful. If someone does not have a DVD, viewing Snow White would casuse them to run, not walk to the nearest store to buy one.<br />SNOW WHITE is a cinimatic masterpiece. There will never be another animated film to compare to it, even my other Disney favorite &quot;Beauty and the Beast&quot;. If it had been made today, there would be computer generated features like shadows and contours of features, but they would not make that much difference in what is basically wonderful.<br />Compare &quot;Snow White&quot; to the animated &quot;Gulliver's Travels&quot; that was releasted two years later in answer to the Disney film and it is clear how far superior Disney's work is to other animators and story tellers.<br />There is so much in the 2 disk set beyond the actual film that it would be impossible to comment on all of it. Each segment amplifies and explains the film. Even in some of the games, you learn more about the story and the viewer can appreciate it even more from these features. The cut scenes, the unfinished segments, the character developments, the voice auditions are fascinating. As an adult, after watching these extras, you will have a deeper appreciation of what the film is and how extraordinary the accomplishments are. For a film buff or student it is required viewing.<br />I grew up with &quot;Snow White&quot;. I was a small child when it was first released and one of my first memories of seeing a movie is of &quot;Snow White&quot;. I had Snow White toys - would you believe a Dopey ventriloquist doll (I have never been able to figure out why a vent figure was made of a character who never talks) that I still have. When I became a professional puppeteer, &quot;Snow White&quot; became my favorite show to do. Naturally, I had to change parts because of Disney copyrights, so I have a rather complete knowledge of the story from research for my show and from years of seeing the Disney film. Without question, Disney is the BEST and now the DVD is the best of the best.
6303477259|5.0|I own perhaps 30 rock videos and without a doubt Pulse is the finest I've ever seen (with the possible exception of the Stones' Gimme Shelter, but that has more to do with the gravity of the event, rather than the music or the filming). As the other reviewers write, it simply goes beyond anything in terms of color and sound, it is the peak of synesthesia (look it up). Of course I love the Floyd, but even compared to their earlier Delicate Sound of Thunder video, Pulse is in another league, much crisper and much more colorful. The Floyd themselves felt that &quot;Thunder&quot; was too moody, shot as it appears to be through pink and blue filters, and failed to capture the true vibrancy of their stage show. The wild washes of white light that appear at various cues during Pulse have to be seen to be believed. Put this video on your home theater, turn it up, and you'll think your at the show. I've had friends tell me that after we watched the video they woke up the next morning with the feeling they had been to a concert.
B00003CXCQ|5.0|The film looks better than ever, and the DVD extras are so overwhelming that it will take a week to sort through them all.  The disc is fantastically done; Disney has done a great job of restoring their best film and presenting it wonderfully.
078577386X|4.0|This is a great book for young adults. Full of suspense and characteristic flairs. Mary Stewart brings alive the silent countryside of Austria with this thriller.
B0000524E5|4.0|Coyote Ugly is a fun look at a girl trying to make it to the top. While looking for a part-time job she encounters the 'Coyotes' that run a bar called 'Coyote Ugly'. And the fun begins. This film makes me wish that there is a place called Coyote Ugly. All the Actresses acted beautifuly and sensual to everything they do in the film! The Soundtrack of the film is also very interesting with a mix of pop, rock and country. This is one of the many movies that I would definetly want to get on DVD!!!
B000003JA7|5.0|For Jethro Tull's &quot;Thick as a Brick&quot; album, Ian Anderson writes the lyrics, composes the music, sings the songs, does the arrangements, and then finds time to play the flute, acoustic guitar, violin, saxophone, trumpet and whatever else is lying around. On top of that, he creates Gerald &quot;Little Milton&quot; Bostock, the eight-year-old prodigy whose scandalous poem &quot;Thick as a Brick&quot; was deemed unfit to receive first prize from The Society For Literary Achievement And Gestation (SLAG), and Julian Stone-Mason B.A., who reviews the Jethro Tull album &quot;Thick as a Brick.&quot; All of this is chronicled in the four pages of the St. Cleve's Chronicle, all of which is faithfully reproduced for the little booklet that comes with this CD. The review by &quot;Stone-Mason&quot; concludes: &quot;One doubts at times the validity of what appears to be an expanding theme throughout the two continuous sides of this record but the result is at worst entertaining and at least aesthetically palatable.&quot; Who am I to argue? I enjoy the satirical articles in Anderson's faux newspaper (e.g., &quot;Non-Rabbit Missing&quot;) almost as much as I enjoy the music on the album.<br />Thematically &quot;Thick as a Brick&quot; is similar to &quot;Aqualung.&quot; Again the writing is dense and enigmatic, but of course this is part of the fun. Anderson bemoans the social decay but he sees salvation down the road, but ultimately the lyrics take a back suit to the music and the brilliant arrogance of creating sections on the &quot;single track&quot; that are unique and yet clearly part of the whole. The thematic unity of the songs on &quot;Aqualung&quot; is now more than matched by a musical integration of various styles into a complete whole. You can recognize aspects of English folk music and classical bits in the mode of Handel, along with various types of jazz. One of the nice results of this grand design is that for the first time Anderson's singing seems well suited to the music. By this point in the group's history Anderson had surrounded himself with the musicians who would finally allow him to explore his unique artistic vision. In the end just remember: &quot;your wise men don't know how it feels/to be thick as a brick.&quot; This is Jethro Tull's best album from start to finish, although certainly they come close to reclaiming the magic in &quot;Passion Play.&quot;ed to the music. By this point in the group's history Anderson had surrounded himself with the musicians who would finally allow him to explore his unique artistic vision. In the end just remember: &quot;your wise men don't know how it feels/to be thick as a brick.&quot; This is Jethro Tull's best album from start to finish, although certainly they come close to reclaiming the magic in &quot;Passion Play.&quot;
0441003257|5.0|This books is without a doubt one of the best I have ever read. My beat up, been to hell and back copy resides beside my bed, in the place of honor. I loved it, in short.<br />      While at times the book moves slow, even those few chapters are thoroughly entertaining, and chock full of the mad humor that so often defines the British. The prose, such as it was, was smooth and rarely, if ever, impeded on the story telling aspect. <br />     The characters and settings were well developed, even the minor ones. None of the characters were so stupid as to be offensive. None of them were exceedingly bright, persay, but none were stupid. The dialogue between them was smooth and moved the story well.
B000005ZFN|4.0|On the one hand &quot;A Passion Play&quot; is clearly attempt by Jethro Tull's eccentric leader Ian Anderson to recapture the heights the group reached with their &quot;Thick as a Brick&quot; album. While the final judgment would have to be close but no cigar, this is still one of the better Tull albums. I have always found the parallels between the &quot;story&quot; and the Passion of Christ to be somewhat forced at best, but Anderson likes to be pretentious and enigmatic whenever possible when it comes to his lyrics. The album was conceived for live performance, which included a short film of the album cover ballerina in action and the strange little interlude of &quot;The Hair Who Lost His Spectacles.&quot; As always, there is the hodge-podge of musical influences with flamenco thrown in with the classical, blues, jazz, folk and rock we came to expect from Tull. This is certainly the most pretentious album from Anderson's fertile mind, which is why it ends up being less of a success than &quot;Thick as a Brick.&quot; The less you listen to the lyrics and try to work out the message, the more you will enjoy the music and the album. The problem, of course, is that Anderson does not really want you tuning out the lyrics and the &quot;plot&quot; of the album.
B000006I14|1.0|This particular version of Nosferatu done by Timeless Video is awful.  The soundtrack is not done accordingly to the movie - the songs are just classics, and most of the time, they are really cheerful, which totally ruins the mood of the film.  The titles don't fit on the screen, so you miss the last line of most of the titles, plus the first and last words on either side of the screen.  I do not recommend the Timeless Video version.  I found myself not enjoying Nosferatu as much as I should because the quality of this tape was so terrible.
6305014140|5.0|If there is one anime movie that many of my friends say is a must-buy, many of them would say &quot;Ninja Scroll&quot;.<br />&quot;Ninja Scroll&quot; follows the adventures of a masterless Ninja named Jubei who teams up with a female ninja named Kagero and sometimes with a lying old man named Dakuan and in their journey they go against an evil team of murderers with their own style of killing and in the end Jubei must battle an enemy from his past who he thought was dead. The movie combines the Feudal Japan with the supernatural.<br />For one thing, it's not the typical nonsense anime which includes violence, blood, sex, etc. There's actually a deep storyline to this series. Very involving, very bloody but the way it is presented, makes it very good.<br />Again, the anime is violent. So, if you are faint at heart and can't stand anime like this, stay away from &quot;Ninja Scroll&quot;.<br />It's been several years now since I first saw this movie and to see it on DVD is really great. Of course, the Digital 5.1 Surround Sound mix is awesome but for a non-dub fan like myself, I was hoping the Japanese version may have been remastered but it's OK. Manga Entertainment is one of the few companies which puts voice acting as a priority, so I'm proud to say that the English dub + the 5.1 sounds great!<br />As for the DVD itself, since it's an older anime and an older DVD release, you're not going to find that much in terms of special features. There is a little character info section but that's mainly it (unless you count trailers).<br />If you like anime series based in the Feudal Japan era and the supernatural, &quot;Ninja Scroll&quot; ranks up at the top along with &quot;Hakkenden&quot; and &quot;Rurouni Kenshin&quot;.
B00003CXAA|5.0|If you were sitting in a dark room, could not see a thing and &quot;THE GODFATHER-WALTZ&quot; started to play, you would immediately associate this with this collection, and you'd by correct...probably one of the most recognizable themes ever written...not to mention the &quot;LOVE THEME FROM THE GODFATHER&quot;, so beautiful and haunting had universal appeal, our composer Nino Rota most certainly outdid himself with this score.<br />Director Francis Ford Coppola's delivers a masterpiece, based on Mario Puzo's best selling book...an outstanding cast even more realized today than then ~ Marlon Brando, Al Pacino, Robert DeNiro, Robert Duvall, James Caan, Diane Keaton, Talia Shire, Richard Castellano, John Cazle, Lee Strasberg, Eli Wallach and Sterling Hayden embroiled within &quot;The Godfather Saga&quot;, dramatic acting at it's best.<br />The full-length Audio Commentary by Francis Ford Coppola, Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround, Widescreen Enhanced for 16:9 TVs, Closed Captioned, and that's on just the first four discs...on the final disc (Disc 5), &quot;The Godfather Bonus Material&quot; with over three hours of exclusive features highlighting the many Cast Rehersals, Additional Scenes, Documentary on the Making of the Godfather, The Music of the Godfather (featuring Nino Rota and Carmine Coppola) plus other extra's to numerous to mention...but you get the general idea, this is a &quot;film-buffs-treasure&quot;...something that only comes along once in a lifetime, do me a favor...don't pass this up...this DVD Collection is in a CLASS BY ITSELF!<br />You might want to pick up &quot;The Godfather Trilogy&quot; (SSD-1121) on the Silva America label, would make an excellent companion for your &quot;Godfather DVD Collection&quot;, please check out my reviews on amazon.com/music.<br />Total 5-DVD-Set ~ Paramount Pictures 15647 ~ (2001)
B000024D4R|5.0|This is Pink Floyd's best album lyrically and musically. It isn't as artistic or as accessable as The Wall, but is still great to listen to. &quot;Dogs&quot; is probably the second best Pink Floyd song after &quot;Echoes,&quot; and the other two (The two versions of  Pigs on a Wing are only one minute long) are also good and solid. If you're new to Pink Floyd, or if you are already a fan, you will enjoy this album.
B00003CXZ3|5.0|I heard about this about this movie when it first came out. I was looking for a movie to go see and I came upon this movies. I am a fan of Guy Pearce cause lets face it, the mans hot. I found the movie slighty interesting,but decided to go see something else instead. When it came out on video, i rented it. Last night i finally watch it and the way the movie was filmed was virtually fasicanting and I was taken aback. This is my idea of the perfect triller and the fact that u knew what happens after it already happens but not sure why it did happen is the coolest, lol, it was perfect. I was mezmoried by this film, perfect.
B00004XONN|5.0|I know that there are many people who couldn`t see it.I know that there are very few people who had seen it. But those of you who had seen it have to remember that you all haven`t seen it enough.Get it?<BR>I like Radiohead.<BR>The stupid reason?<BR>Simple....I just like Radiohead.
B00005LC1H|5.0|And now on DVD - a must have, as were the Book, VHS and Laserdisc editions... Now with extra materials: more than an hour of Cleese interview, and 20 mins. of Prunella Scales and Andrew Sachs. (Where is Connie Booth?) And background info on Torquay and the Gleneagles Hotel...<br />Well, maybe it's NOT up to the perfectionist Cleese standard (the young guy with the not-very-Cambridge accent interviewing Andrew Sachs puts his finger in his ear distastefully). <br />To my mind, the major drawback is the Director's Commentary, though interesting, this should have been better produced. Since you can not hear the soundtrack of the program, but only the panting and slurping of the directors, who occasionally comment (you can even hear people in the background being called on their cell-phone), some of the meaning of the comments is lost unless you rewind and change audio channel.<br />But you will find you can live with it, so... buy it!<br />Later addition: I also bought the R2 edition - it has better picture AND the commentary is better produced. Get that in stead if you can play it...
B00005OAIE|5.0|First, seeing almost unknown Mayer play at a club in Providence was great. Amazing performance. Then buying the CD and being able to really concentrate on the music, you grow a greater appreciation for it. He captures feelings and moments that I can relate to and integrates them into melodious pop rock ballads. Simply amazing, definately one the best CD's I've ever bought.
B000003TAW|4.0|I can't get enough of Weezer, yet I can't stand some of their songs.  \\"My Name Is Jonas\\" and \\"Surf Wax America\\" are highly annoying.  Although some parts of those songs may be okay, the rest is skipped whenever I listen to the album.<br />The best songs on the album are probably the contemplative \\"The World Has Turned And Left Me Here\\", the melodic \\"Holiday\\", the sensitive \\"Undone\\", and the funky \\"Buddy Holly\\".<br />\\"The World Has Turned...\\" is the best song, especially when you're sad.  It's a coping-with-life song and it's really beautiful.  \\"Holiday\\" is a fun song with amazing vocals.  You won't be able to get enough of this song.<br />The other tracks aren't so bad.  They just aren't \\"great\\".  There is, however, a great guitar solo in \\"Only In Dreams\\".<br />I don't really believe this album is worth your money unless you get it for cheap (like I did).  Even if most of the tracks alright, there isn't enough Weezer to satisfy a normal CD's price.
B00005N9CV|3.0|I am a long-time fanatic of female jazz vocalists. I am intrigued by the fact that male jazz vocalists practically do not exist (can you think of anyone besides Nat Cole?).  Of course it is logical, women have the broken hearts, not men.  I have always been quite critical of jazz vocalists, not willing to accept whatever came along, dubious of women touted as very good.  For example, I have always thought that Ella Fitzgerald was mediocre or worse: she got lucky in the beginning of her career, she was promoted to excess, she had the luck to work with Armstrong (on the downside of his career), but she never offered anything that could be called great, not even good music.  Billie Holiday was sometimes good, and Bessie Smith was often very good.  June Christy had a clear and neat voice and sang a sort of happy jazz (with a good version of \\"The Night We called it a Day\\") while Sarah Vaughan, on her good days could really belt out songs.  Probably the best of that period, was Chris Connors, particularly in her Atlantic album \\"Chris\\" (outstanding album which, apparently, is no longer available) in the early fifties, with the most incredible accompaniment believeable (almost all the greats of that moment).  Hers also was a more joyous jazz, with tunes like \\"Miser's Serenade\\".  After the fifties, about the only notable voice was Julie London, although in other quarters we began to hear intriguing voices like those of  the magnificent Elis Regina (Brazil), Maria Creuza (Brazil) and Carly Simon.  To be a great jazz singer one must have a beautiful voice, good style, and a helluva lot of passion. To sing jazz ballads well requires some sense of suffering and a certain controlled hysteria.  Not easy, although is should come naturally to women.<br />When I heard about Krill I was eager to know her style.  It would be nice to hear someone who, at this point in history, could interpret songs written decades ago.  I am conscious of how difficult that must be.  Many of the women who sang them in the 30's and 40's and 50's did not manage to do those songs the justice they deserved.  I like Diana Krall, listen to her album \\"The Look of Love\\" each evening, but wish she was a little better.  She has a very good voice, but not much style and even less passion.<br />Emotion is the essence of jazz songs.  Its presence or absence is what makes or breaks female jazz vocalists.  The concept of \\"blue\\" is exceptionally important: heartbreak, suffering, desperation, profound sorrow and frustration, and a good bit of hysteria.  One of Vinicuis De Moraes' songs says \\"tristeza nao tem fin, felicidade si.\\" (sadness has no end, happiness does).  Elis Regina, Brasil's greatest blues singer in one of her songs said \\"Eu tengo mais de vente a&ntilde;os, eu tengo mais de mil preguntas sin respostas, estoy ligado a un futuro blue\\" (I am over twenty, I have a thousand unanswered questions, I'm tied to a blue future).  After becoming a truly world class singer, she committed suicide: she was tied to a blue future.<br />Pacing, rhythm, spacing are crucial.  As important as singing the words in order is respecting the spaces that should exist between the words.  Pauses are important.  Krall has little sense of this concept.  She sings nicely, in order, with the simplest of cadences, but without the pauses and drags that good jazz requires.  Also, she has the bad habit of biting off words near the end of a sentence instead of dragging them out to get a better effect.<br />Krall sings a respectful Spanish in \\"Besame Mucho\\" but does not catch the hysterical edge the song requires.  The real singer is desperate, not horny.  When she says \\"... como si fuera esta noche la &uacute;ltima vez\\" she really means it.  She is terrified that she may be losing her lover.  The song requires that terror, not calentura (horniness).  With Krall we have neither.  In \\"Cry Me a River\\" she does not seem to understand the heavy resentment of the song, which requires major emphasis on the word\\"cry\\", and then the softer, subtler, coda, \\"I cried a river over you\\".<br />In \\"I get along without you very well\\" it appears that Krall does not know the story behind the lyrics.  The lady who gave those lyrics to Hoagy Carmichael had lost her husband: he died.  She was trying to survive, seriously suffering her loss.  Krall does not sing like that kind of person.<br />Krall has a beautiful voice, important in a jazz singer, but less so that the passion that the genre requires. She is young and very attractive (who would not offer himeslf, selflessly, for the good of jazz, to break her heart and make her suffer?).  I hope that as she matures, she will join her lovely voice with the passion and pacing that good jazz requires.en the softer, subtler, coda, \\"I cried a river over you\\".<BR>In \\"I get along without you very well\\" it appears that Krall does not know the story behind the lyrics.  The lady who gave those lyrics to Hoagy Carmichael had lost her husband: he died.  She was trying to survive, seriously suffering her loss.  Krall does not sing like that kind of person.  <BR>Krall has a beautiful voice, important in a jazz singer, but less so that the passion that the genre requires. She is young and very attractive (who would not offer himeslf, selflessly, for the good of jazz, to break her heart and make her suffer?).  I hope that as she matures, she will join her lovely voice with the passion and pacing that good jazz requires.
B00003CXCQ|3.0|I am an animation fan.  And I will say this:  The film itself is oviously an incredible accomplishment for the time.  There are certain scenes where you can tell the animators and Disney himself overlooked no detail.  (The scenes in which the Dwarfs and Snow White look through the cottage with candle light...they did an exceptional job on cast shadows and such.)<br />However, the &quot;extras&quot; featured on this dvd, while there are TONS AND TONS of them...I think are just...well...not great.  It's basically an earfull of &quot;Why we at Disney are splendid&quot; hubbub with &quot;celebrity hosts.&quot;  (Most of whom I'd never even heard of nor seen before.) <br />The &quot;Disney through the ages&quot; aspect was the part that I found most offensive.  They just went on and on about how great Disney is decade by decades conveniently skipping the flops. (The Black Cauldron anyone?) I think it would have been MUCH more interesting had they not sugar coated their history and just stuck to the facts.<br />So, overall...a pretty cool DVD.  I just gotta say I don't think it's as perfect as everyone is saying it is.  <br />Just my 2 cents.  I could be wrong.
B00003W8NM|5.0|All those who are upset over the \\"fact\\" that this is basically Corporate America Hollywood Bigshots pretending to hate themselves need to settle down.  Its a darn fine movie, and anyone who's tired of cliches (judging by disgruntled reviews of Pearl Harbor, EVERYBODY) should be grateful that these types of films have managed to get studio backing.  I've never seen the actors, narrative, music and visuals blend together better than they do in Fight Club.  So who's ready for Panic Room?
B00003CXCQ|5.0|That's one great for each of the 7 dwarves. This DVD set is amazing, I am surprised that all the information that they have could fit on only 2 discs! I watched the first disc and am only a fraction of the way thru the second disc and I am enjoying this immensely! Disney needs to keep up this Platinum Disc tradtion with Aladdin, Beauty and the Beast, and most importantly: the Lion King!
B00005A46T|4.0|To put it simply, if you liked their first album, you'll like &quot;Iowa&quot; as well. It's even more brutal than the first and still stretches the boundries of traditional heavy metal. While I was a bit disappointed(mainly due to all the hype surrounding the album), &quot;Iowa&quot; delivers the goods! The boys in Slipknot promised to provide a brutal, fast, mind-blowing album in &quot;Iowa&quot;. While it is brutal and fast, I wouldn't exactly call it &quot;mind-blowing&quot;. <BR>   Slipknot are the best of the so-called &quot;new metal&quot; bands and should be given credit for providing listeners with something fresh to listen to while headbanging at the same time. While &quot;Iowa&quot; is not really reminiscent of old Exodus and Anthrax as once promised, it should please fans of these latter bands, as long as they aren't afraid to visit &quot;Iowa&quot;.
0062502182|5.0|Simply an amazing story.  I woulnt recomend it to un experienced readers.  It reads very quickly and leave you re-reading lines, paragraphs and sometimes even pages, just to find out &quot;who--?, what--?&quot;.  It IS a fable, and reads like one.  I recomend it to each of my friends and family members each time i see them.  Quite possibly one of the best stories i have ever read.
B00004VWA7|1.0|I'm worried. I listen to this album, and I read the other reviews (not just here on Amazon) and I don't agree. What am I missing? I bought this album as a result of two factors: the overwhelmingly favourable reviews, and Pastorius' contribution to the Joni Mitchell 'Hejira' album. I was a Mitchell enthusiast long before I heard of Pastorius and I thought the entire concept and execution of Hejira was great. The bass playing was novel and idiosyncratic but fitted the melodies and moods of that album perfectly. Then I investigated a bit further, found out a bit more about Jaco Pastorius, and bought this CD. And boy, was I disappointed. The technique was there, without doubt. He obviously knew his instrument inside out, and the tones and sounds he produced were quite unmistakable. I can honestly say I've never heard another bass player like him. But what bothered me was the musical result - I felt it was meaningless, meandering and without purpose. Some time later I think I read that his bass part on Hejira was in fact all over-dubbed after the rest of the tracks had been recorded. If it's true it makes a lot of sense. There he had direction and boundaries laid down for him by a peerless creator of melodies. He could use his abilities to improvise and twist and turn within these limits, and he excelled at that. Without these structures, however, as on this album, his playing seems to take off towards the horizon with no hope of ever returning. I can't help feeling that on this album Pastorius excels as a technician in his chosen field, demonstrating his world-beating skill &amp; ability. But when it came to expressing himself through these skills, his subject matter and composition were unremarkable and he missed the mark as a musical artist.
B000002UB3|5.0|&quot;Abbey Road&quot; is the smoothest album ever recorded. The music flows out of it like a streaming mountain river. Hear it, and you'll no doubt agree. So Smoothe!!
B00005NI5Y|4.0|Bob Dylan has been my favorite (Music) artist, since I first heard him sing &quot;Blowin' In The Wind&quot; in the Early Sixties. As a fine artist (Painter) I react to art in a historical framework. I feel he is one of the most important creative artists of the twentieth century -- a genius. A twentieth century troubadour. I've been listening to most of his music recently and it only confirms how I feel. But, unfortunately, like quite a few great artists -- particularly those who are concerned with public taste as a pop musician is -- his greatest music was when he was younger in his 20's and 30's and was somewhat untouched by the vagaries of life and his fame.<BR>Love and Theft is delightful, optimistic, rock and blues like album, and is a pleasure to listen to. But, at this moment, I'm listening to &quot;The Times They Are A-Changin,'&quot; and &quot;With God On Our Side&quot; and &quot;Sarah&quot; just finished. These songs are like the ones that I wish Dylan could still write. They have great depth and universal themes and seem especially relevant in today's fearful warlike atmosphere. These songs are not silent but universal in their loud messages. But, I guess I should be happy that with all his successes he still wants to produce art, and it's on a higher level than most popular music. There was only one Picasso in the Twentieth Century.
B00003CX9E|5.0|Orson Welles, a visionary for his time, was a man of many things.  He was a man of teperament, and genius.  And through his early comings in theater and radio, he soon achieved an unprecedented deal: to make a feature film, no strings attached (an almost impossible thing to comprehend today).  After several mishaps, Welles settled on &quot;Citizen Kane,&quot; which utilized incredible cinematography, a great cast of theater actors, and meaningful dialogue and storylines.<br />   The film starts at the end of a life, with the passing of Charles Foster Kane.  Kane's family inherited a supposedly worthless Colorado mine that tielded untold millions.  His mother put this into a fund for Charles to befully his by his 25th birthday.  Throughout his lifetime, Kane used the moeny for profit, controlling an entire newspaper empire, and also used his wealth for pleasure, buying up countless art treasures, and creating his own heaven on earth, a gigantic private kingdom called Xanadu.<br />  One news company, while putting together a newsreel of Kane footage, soon realizes that there's no real hook to keep the person interested, until one of them remembers what Kane's last word was: &quot;Rosebud.&quot;  none of the newsmen know, and one is promptly sent on an investigative search for the truth, tracking down countless friends of Kane, as well as reading the memoirs of the man who was entrusted to be his legal guardian, and a former wife.<br />  A great bonus on this disc is the documentary &quot;The Battle over Citizen Kane,&quot; which tells how William Randolph Hearst, who was somewhat portrayed in the film (Hearst was also a newspaper tycoon, spent frivolously, and created his own private estate), tried to use his power in Hollywood to keep the film from being seen (even having a huge sum of money to destroy the original negative).  Word of mouth kept advertisements from Hearst's papers, and even possibly cost Welles the Oscars (the only one the film won was for screenplay).<br />  Ok, why am I praising this film and have not given a concrete fact?  Well, here they are: the cinematography is planned out in almost every frame.  things represent a character's power, be it the size of the room or camera position.  Even the actors are the best cast I can think of from that time.  Normally when people look back on films from early cinema, the dialogue seems somewhat stilted.  Here, all the characters talk believably and their actions always come to a great means.<br />  Orson Welles, being Actor/cowriter/producer/director really did a magnificent job as Kane.  He plays him from the young man, through his leap to bellowing power, and into his old age when he can't quite grasp what he wants.  Makeup done so well, it's hard to believe it's the same person.
B0000024JA|2.0|falls short of what you would expect from method man...WAY short.
B00005KARC|5.0|Both &quot;Grosse Pointe Blank&quot; and &quot;High Fidelity&quot; are great pieces of work.  They use wonderfully entertaining dialogue with Cusack performing seamlessly with the rest of the cast.  The dark comedy in &quot;Blank&quot; will bounce off the painstaking soul searching in &quot;Fidelity.&quot;  See them now if you never have, and enjoy two intelligent films.
B000002KDO|5.0|In 1970, with the album \\"BLACK SABBATH\\", Ozzy and the boys were still finding their feet in the transition from blues bar band EARTH to heavy metal band BLACK SABBATH. The result is inconsistant and therefore is not the MUST-HAVE SABBATH CD, although it would make a great addition to any collection. The gothic overtones of the opening track, \\"Black Sabbath\\" (thunderstorms and foreboding church bells introduce Ozzy Osbourne's howl and Tony Iommi's sludgy guitar), and the raucous defiling of \\"Cream\\" on \\"N.I.B.\\" make it a killer CD.<br />Black Sabbath's 2nd album \\"PARANOID\\", also released in 1970, is considered by many to be the ultimate Sabbath recording. \\"PARANOID\\" is a killer CD, but everybody knows the songs \\"Paranoid\\" and \\"Iron Man\\", even non-fans. There is, simply put, more to BLACK SABBATH than \\"Iron Man\\". For this reason, \\"PARANOID\\" is also not the MUST-HAVE SABBATH CD that it is claimed to be.<br />The single MUST-HAVE SABBATH CD honor goes to their 3rd album \\"MASTER OF REALITY\\", released in 1971, the heaviest and most influential disc of Black Sabbath's career. Very gothic and medieval (not mid-evil). A deeply darkened recording, yet very beautiful in places. \\"MASTER OF REALITY\\" contains the songs \\"Sweet Leaf\\", \\"After Forever\\", \\"Embryo\\", \\"Children Of The Grave\\", \\"Orchid\\", \\"Lord Of This World\\", \\"Solitude\\", and \\"Into The Void\\".<br />I personally like \\"Solitude\\" the best, followed in no particular order by \\"After Forever\\" (Saints Osbourne & Iommi weave a tale of God and the afterlife), \\"Embryo\\", \\"Children Of The Grave\\", \\"Orchid\\" (One of the most beautiful pieces I've ever heard on guitar), and \\"Lord Of This World\\". My least favorite tracks are \\"Sweet Leaf\\" (The coughing is just too dated and cheesey) and \\"Into The Void\\" (which is a bit of a departure from the feel of the rest of the CD and would have been more at home on \\"BLACK SABBATH VOLUME 4\\").<br />\\"MASTER OF REALITY\\" IS ESSENTIAL BLACK SABBATH. BUY THIS ONE FIRST!
B000050XEI|4.0|well my title sums in up , this is a beautiful CD.  Only Time is GREAT!!!! So glad I bought it even before I heard any of the songs.
0553214632|1.0|No one can underestimate the impact of the Origin of the Species. While Darwinian evolution was never accepted by the great masses of America (about 45% of people believe in Creation Science, and another 45% believe in intelligent design or &quot;divinely-guided&quot; evolution), Western society's elite has literally worshiped Darwin's thesis that order emerges from disorder without any intelligent agent guiding the process. This elite has been the movers and shakers of the 20th century. It's fair to say that Marxism, Nazism, totalitarianism, heartless Capitalism, nihilism, existentialism, and a host of other philosophies that have brought 20th century man to the brink of annihilation on both societal and personal levels find their roots in this modest book.<br />But is Darwin's thesis true? The truth is that Darwinism explains nothing. The idea that variation plus natural selection accounts for life is nothing more than a tautology: of course the variants that were most fit for survival survived! That's simply saying the same thing twice. It doesn't account for how life arrived in the first place, and does account for why the &quot;variations&quot; showed up on time. The fossil record has been disasterous to Darwinism, showing that species appear suddenly without precursors, and vary very little within the duration of the species. (A theory called &quot;punk eek&quot; has been proposed to explain why this is, but it's totally unfalsifiable and therefore worthless.) More damaging has been studies in the field of mathematics, physics, and biochemistry, which show that the universe has not existed long enough for such evolution to take place, and that life is far more complicated on a molecular level than Darwin thought.<br />So why does Darwinism endure? Why does anyone who questions Darwinism find himself out of a job?<br />Two reasons. First, 20th century science has rigged the rules to say &quot;a theory is always accepted, no matter what the evidence against it,as long as there is no other theory.&quot; In other words, if Darwinism can be bent to explain 25% of the evidence and no other theory exists to explain more, then Darwinism is accepted as fact. Second, Darwinism is the key component to most modern philosophy. It tells us who we are, where we're going, what we're capable of as a species. There has never, ever been a culture that doesn't have a &quot;creation myth&quot; that explains who humans beings are what the proper way to live is. Imagine for a moment a culture that truly has no idea what it means to be human...how long could such a culture endure? How long could people convince themselves of the rightness of their economic policies, social institutions, and pecking orders? If we admit that Darwinism is wrong but don't put anything in its place, society will intellectually collapse.<br />That, rather than sound science, explains Darwin's duration, despite the sick, groteque legacy he has left mankind.
B00003CX5P|1.0|This is a lame excuse for a film, be it a Star Wars film or another film.  George Lucas certainly spent more money and time on the toy and burger chain tie-ins than on the script.  That's what happens when special effects and stunts saturate a film such as this that has no substance--and howlingly bad acting to boot!  So the DVD is loaded with extras--everything to camouflage a poor film!
B00000064F|5.0|I've recently discovered Nick Drake (Belle &amp; Sebastian led me indirectly to him...some of their songs are very Nick-like) and I cannot get enough of him...his voice is lilting and strong and no matter what kind of day I've had, he soothes me instantly.  &quot;Bryter Layter&quot; is a great CD, and it still amazes me that it first came out almost 30 years ago.  Unbelieveably good music.
B00005B36H|5.0|This album is more than deep, it is very hard to define or put into just one genre.  Tool is a band that seems to metamorphisize from album to album, with each one seeming to get a little softer, yet deeper in meaning.  I would really suggest you read the lyrics as you listen to the song.  This is obviously not the way you are going to enjoy the album, but for those of you who bought the album and dont want to let it go to waste just because you dont understand it.  Each song has meaning beyond just the words, which holds true for every album they have put out.  If you are new to the band, I would strongly suggest you check out one of the other cds first, I would recommend Sober, but not everyone is going to agree with me on that.  Whatever the case may be, I dont agree with the reader who said you needed to get high before listening to it.  Personally getting high makes me want to listen to something besides tool which is a little lighter in meaning and just talks about high school topics.  Anyway, give it a shot, the band has so much hidden meaning it can be difficult for some to get into the music.
B00004S96B|5.0|Every Queensryche fan, everyone who appreciates the brilliance of 'Empire' and every audiophile should discover this treasure -24 Karat Gold disc.You will HEAR the difference (with a good sound system).<br />Here's a note from DCC Compact classics for those wondering whether 24 Karat Gold discs are more than just collectors' items:<br />&quot;You've never heard your favourite music sound this good!  The clarity is exceptional, the separation ... amazing.  You will hear deeper lows and crisper highs. ...<br /> Our 24 Karat Gold discs reproduce the ultimate sound of a classic recorded performance without the digital harshness and irregular plated surfaces of standard aluminium discs.<br /> Only the original two-track master is used for the digital transfer, and is played back on a specially reconstructed tube reproducer. Without any further sonic manipulation, the master is shipped directly to the manufacturing plant for etching onto the glass surface by laser.  <br /> The end result of this unique mastering process is a compact disc with the warm sound of the original master tape combined with a 24 karat gold surface free of any type of defect.&quot;
B00003CXCT|5.0|With these words begins the greatest movie ever made. Period. As a rule,  not many movies stand the test of time well, more often than not you can see a movie as a child and see it again as an adult and wonder what you liked about it,this is the exception to that rule. I was only 10 when I had the privilege of seeing this masterpiece when it was released in 1977 and have been a fan ever since. And in 1997 I saw the re-release of it and I got to be 10 again for 2hrs and 15 minutes. I was just as awe struck by it as ever! No other movie has ever had that effect on me, and I don't think any ever will (except for its sequels.) This movie is a true experience on every level, the acting, the f/x and story are brilliant. It is hard to imagine any one not having seen it, but if you haven't and want to experience a true cinematic masterpiece, skip &quot;Titanic&quot; and all other recent movies and head straight for this! You will understand the hype and why it is beyond a movie and is a true legend among movies. May the Force be with you, always.
B0000028PI|2.0|This album is not that good, <BR>I think his other albums are alot better!<BR>You will be sorry if you get it.. I warn you..
B00003CXAA|3.0|My LD Box Set incorporated the entire saga in one humongous 9 hour saga with all the deleted scenes put in the right places.<BR>I am in Hong Kong so instead of schlepping the LD player and the box set, I bought a DVD player and the DVD set. What a gross rip-off. They just copied the three original disjointed parts and did not bother to put in the deleted scenes which do count for something. Eg. the rub-out of Fabrizio - that ... who allowed Appolonia to die - was never mentioned and Michael's painful recovery from that loss was never shown. Quality is no hell. My laser-disc set is far superior in quality. The extra scenes and stuff is already on the laserdisc box set<BR>Sorry, but this was hype and all it is to me is another example of quick slap-dash drek.<BR>So my opinion:......feh!!!!!...!!!!!!
B00003CXA2|5.0|but one thing i find wrong with this film....it does seem to linger, or feel too long. no matter how many times i watch it, after he goes on the run across america, i tend to tune out from there to the end.
0767821629|5.0|Wow! is the only word i can think of to tell you how i feel about this terrific sci-fic mystery. In fact, I almost missed it due to poor reviews flooding on the net and newspapers. after watching the thirteenth floor, i realize that you have to watch and anaylze the movie by yourself in order to determine if it is good or not instead of trusting everything that is said by the reviews. people have different thinkings and a movie may appeal to one while others may find it disgusting. well, i think the thirteenth floor is one of that kind of movies that one may love it or be confused and thus hate it.<br /><br />i am not going to give out much about the story 'cause that's exactly what is fascinating about this movie. but i can tell you what makes it such a unique experience for me. there are two important (or weird for some of you) questions that are confusing me all the time, which are why are we born in this world and what will happen after our lives when this world come to an end. the thirteenth floor provides probable answers to both questions. may be our world is just a simulation program manipulated by some higher intelligent beings from another planet or by a computer tech from the future so that everything we see in the world are only someone's fantasy or thoughts. no matter you believe or not, the thirteenth floor may make you think and reevaluate your current beliefs.<br /><br />even if you do not find the story interesting, you cannot deny that the cinematography and production design are superb. the elegant re-creation of los angeles in the thirties will definitely shine in your eyes in contrast to the coarse and vulgar tone of the present. in fact, i could not find any flaw in the photography work, every shot is just done fantastically! and finally for acting, the four protagonists all gave powerful performance to their roles (all of them have to act at least two roles 'cause they got different identities in the past, present or the future). armin mueller-stahl (shine) gave another strong performance as the old scientist and the creator of the simulated world. gretchen mol, starring as his daughter, is one of the most beautiful actresses i have ever seen on the screen and she proves to be a very versatile actress in this movie.<br /><br />for people who have watched the matrix, try also to watch this one which i think is much better and deserves more attention.hl (shine) gave another strong performance as the old scientist and the creator of the simulated world. gretchen mol, starring as his daughter, is one of the most beautiful actresses i have ever seen on the screen and she proves to be a very versatile actress in this movie. <BR> <BR>for people who have watched the matrix, try also to watch this one which i think is much better and deserves more attention.
B00003CXXS|5.0|this was a good film. i liked it. i liked the short quick action involved and it was also funny. that's more of what this kind of sequel needs. when they make jurassic park IV, they better use this method of filmmaking, and not make some huge plot and long film...it will wear us out.
B000006045|5.0|One day in October last year, I turned on the TV and on the screen, there was a fashion show. I was so attracted to the background music (Tear drop, which at the time I had no idea what that was) that I called my sisters and my friends to turn on the TV at once and asked if they knew what that music was but unfortunately nobody knew. Luckily, I found the answer the next day when the MTV was playing Teardrop's MV.<br />I became a huge fan of MA very soon and now I got all their albums + singles but Mezzanine remains my favourite album 'cause it's so unique from other artists and every song in it sounds so dark and mysterious as if you are playing it for the first time. Magical isn't it? My favourite tracks are Tear drop, Man Next Door, Angel and Inertia Creeps. Anyway, Any Love (B-side) is another of my fav songs of MA and I'm looking forward to MA's new album.
6305949980|3.0|you know, when i saw it at the theatres eight years ago, i liked this film but when i last saw it earlier this year, i wasn't impressed.
B00003CXP1|5.0|In the past few months, I've been always recommending my friends to go to the theatre to watch or go to rent the vhs/dvd of Requiem for a Dream otherwise they'd miss one of the most important movies in history. This film, along with Pi, sealed the birth of a genius director, Darren Aronofsky. Everything in the film was done perfectly and the audience are just like going through the happiness and misery of the 4 protagonists with them. Magical isn't it? BTW, We mustn't forget the work of actors and other crews, especially Ellen Burstyn who should have won Best Actress in Oscar 2001 instead of Julia Roberts. Requiem for a Dream is one of my favourite films of all time and in case you haven't seen Pi yet, please do.
B00005JKHP|2.0|only saw it once a long time ago, but i recall that it moved very slow and didn't seem to draw me in. i guess that's why they took such a long time to put this one out on dvd.
B000001FS3|5.0|The Joshua Tree was the album to own in 1987.  It still sounds great.  It starts off with &quot;Where the Streets Have No Name&quot;.  The classic video for that song had the band jamming on top of a building in California reminiscent of The Beatles rooftop concert. &quot;I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For&quot; and &quot;With or Without You&quot; are wonderful tracks I never get tired of.  &quot;Red Hill Mining Town&quot;,&quot;In God's Country&quot; and &quot;One Tree Hill&quot; are some of the other songs you'll find here in this classic album. Maybe they'll tack on the b-sides in the future, some of which were:  &quot;Spanish Eyes&quot;, &quot;Luminous Times&quot; and &quot;Sweetest Thing&quot;.  Thanks U2, for sharing this inspired group effort with the world.
B00003CXRM|5.0|i think this film is a great film. the cinematography is superb and the acting is good. i realize that i'm running out of adjectives, having written several of these reviews today, but out of what's left in me, i recommend this film, though it's one of those--you either hate it or love it--type of films. i love it.
076790382X|5.0|I have only laughed out loud a handful of times while reading books -- Catch 22, the Milagro Beanfield Wars, I Should Have Stayed Home.  By nature, I'm just not a big laugher.  But I must tell you, while reading &quot;I'm a Stranger Here Myself&quot; I laughed all the time, even when I was the only one in the room. This is a charming and insightful book made up of the keen observations and musings of a man who deeply cares about the life around him -- plus he happens to be funny as hell.  I cannot relate to others' criticisms of the book.  It's like eating mint chip ice cream -- and who can complain about that.
B00003CXZ4|5.0|i'm impressed with this film. it is very creative. here's a guy who can't register new memories for longer than a few minutes. so what the ingenious director does is he takes us backwards through the film, so we FEEL the same way! superb.
0767849493|5.0|To begin with, I am a major fan of Kevin Smith and the View Askewniverse.  I enjoyed Clerks, Mallrats, and Chasing Amy.<br />Now, I haven't seen Jay &amp; Silent Bob Strike Back yet, but so far, Dogma is my favourite Smith flick.  Why?  To be honest, I'm not sure.  I found the dialogue to be very clever, but funny at the same time.  I thought that Matt Damon/&quot;Loki's&quot; description of his former occupation (Angel of Death) was very humourous.  As usual, Jay &amp; Silent Bob were great.  A lot of people are criticizing the casting, but I thought it was quite appropriate.  Admit it, didn't you laugh when one sound from Alanis Morissette/&quot;God&quot; has the power to kill?  I know I did.<br />The other thing I liked about this film is that it poked fun at organized religion, Catholicism in particular.  I am not a big fan of organized religion, so I thoroughly enjoyed that element.  I have a feeling that a lot of the people who criticized this film are religious and take themselves and their religion WAY too seriously!<br />Anyway, definitely see this film.  It was great.
6303407161|5.0|the media is an amazing thing that i don't think we fully understand in society. here's a show that gripped a nation, yet was rigged, as seems to be Survivor today, but we forgave them because we loved what they showed. this movie looks well into the quiz shows of the 1950s, while trying to show that even though there was a big scandal, it continued on, even to this day. could have survivor been rigged? do we really care?
B00005KFUM|5.0|need i say more?<BR>actually yes...<BR>download it if you dont want to buy it... rockn roll at its best...<br />turn it real loud and open your car windows....
630339406X|5.0|i love this movie. i've loved it since i first saw it. it's a pleasant film to watch and gives us a great story about who is a grown-up and who still acts like a kid. everybody should see this film.
B00003CXQY|4.0|I avoided seeing this movie in theaters, due in large part to the television and print ads which made the film seem dumb and uninteresting.  I bought the DVD largely because it was a special edition and I want to encourage Disney to make more.  I was pleasantly surprised to find that the film was a pretty straight comedy buddy picture which didn't get bogged down in obligitory romances or other typical plot devices.  It's not really one of my favorite animated films, but it's fun and I like it.<br />This is a pretty good special edition, though it lacks that bit of extra oomph that would have made it a great one.  The bonus material gives viewers a pretty good overview of the film's production, including some nice bits of rough animation of the major characters.  The commentary, while lacking the guys-sitting-around-talking-about-their-movie-and-having-fun informality of something like &quot;A Bug's Life&quot;, is infortmative without being boring.  I guess my main gripe with this DVD is the lack of real information about the &quot;Kingdom of the Sun&quot; version of the film.  I realize that Disney wasn't really happy with the way that was going and would probably rather forget it.  But a synopsis of the original plot would have been interesting, even if it only shows why that version was scrapped.  Overall, this is a nice DVD that will please fans of the film and provide some interest for the animation buffs.
B00004U30D|1.0|The picture must have been written by people high on something pretty potent.  Picture just jumped around trying to shock the viewer.  It tried to be a porno, but was too stupid to make it.  All that would be OK if it weren't so BORING!
B000002KEV|3.0|&quot;Lazy&quot;, first... and last. Blackmore's Mk II at his best on this title only. &quot;The mule&quot; is too long because of his drum solo which is better to be cut off this record. I agree with the no-singing part of &quot;Space truckin'&quot; ; &quot;S.K.O.W.&quot; is unacceptable for our ears ; &quot;Smoke on the Water&quot; is really great ; &quot;Highway Star&quot; and &quot;Child in Time&quot; are not at all at their top because we hear to much Gillan's voice and not enough Glover's bass which could easily supply Lord's keyboards
B001V9LRV0|4.0|At first sight and after reading the press release I was disappointed with this commemorative box set.  On a second thought when I bought the DVD I changed my mind but I still think that the ultimate release of the Woodstock Music and Arts Fair is yet to be done, period.    Woodstock Music and Arts Fair (1969) along with Monterey Pop Festival (1967), Atlanta Pop Festival (1970), and Isle of Wight (1970) are the only festivals of the sixties and early seventies that were properly recorded both on audio and video formats.  Nevertheless it has been more recently that parts of the recorded material has been released after being stored for almost 40 years, while another bunch still remains unreleased.     Woodstock is not only one of the best known festivals of all the times, but it is also the most complete testify of the summer of 1969 festivals in USA:  Newport 69 (June 20 - 22), Newport Jazz Festival (July 3 - 6), Newport Folk Festival (July 16 - 20,), Atlanta International Pop Festival (August 1 - 3), and Texas International Pop Festival (August 30 - September 1).  Almost all the music performed at Woodstock was carefully recorded (hello Eddie Kramer) and filmed (when rain and humidity allowed to), something that didn't happen with the other 1969 festivals (maybe \\"Got no Shoes Got no Blues\\" film for the Texas Festival but this one is of an inferior quality).     I have reviewed previous re-releases of this film and its soundtrack and most of my comments refers to the music, the missing artists, the wrong order of featuring (with no indication of which day actually is) and cut short performances.  I do understand the amazing work done over the film and it really deserves the prizes and recognitions won over the past, but I think it's time to go a step ahead and dust off the unique material stored for 40 years (D. A. Pennebaker did something about it with the Woodstock Diary DVD set).    I think it's really a shame that Warner Home Video had lost the chance to do a definitive edition of the festival.  It should have been a fantastic opportunity to have included long forgotten artists and to expand even more those already known performances, even though there is a large quantity of officially filmed material that still remains unreleased and it has only been partially available as bootleg videos. By the way you need more than a source to get all the video music available (Woodstock Film in all its incarnations including this box set, Woodstock Diary, Woodstock Lost Performances).    There are artists not included in any of the releases of the festival: Sweetwater, Quill (just seconds of film on Woodstock Diary), Incredible String Band (same quote as for Quill), Ravi Shankar (same quote as for Quill) and Keef Hartley Band.    Also there are artists with very well known extra material officially filmed not included in this box set: Richie Havens (3 extra songs, 2 of which are in Lost Performances), Country Joe (complete performance), John Sebastian (1 song), Swami Satchidananda speech, Arlo Guthrie (2 songs), Blood Sweat and Tears (4 songs one of which is available on Lost Performances), Janis Joplin, Credence Clearwater Revival (2 extra songs), Grateful Dead, The Who (the band has included various portions of their performance on The Kids are Alright DVD), Paul Butterfield Blues Band (1 song), Crosby Stills Nash & Young (at least 1 song with Young actually performing).  These performances are one of a kind and the best recorded examples of the 1969 summer festivals in USA    The Box Set:     - Amazon -exclusive bonus DVD:  All of them are never before released. Perfect live performance by Grateful Dead (I have the same performance on an \\"alternative\\" release but this one is amazing).   Same goes for J Airplane and this is completely new for me and it seems that all their performance is finally released on video (I miss a couple of songs one of which is Plastic Fantastic Lover).  Country Joe & The Fish looks fine in the dangerouslywet stage.  The featurettes are really interest but too brief in my opinion since they are from the people that actually made the festival.    -Woodstock: Untold Stories: All performances are amazing and worth to be seen, most of them are unreleased (40 years on the shelves!!) and a \\"must-have\\" to anyone interested in rock / blues music.   Joan Baez is great but I missed the songs available on Woodstock Diary. Country Joe is fully filmed and same quality (I got the video!). Santana looks great and sounds incredible (I can't believe that only two numbers were filmed, I think the whole set is filmed as it is the soundtrack). Canned Heat is pretty well covered since Going Up the Country is included on Lost Performances (a terrible quality image indeed) and Woodstock Boogie is the only number still unreleased in its full length. Mountain's \\"Southbound Train\\" is finally complete (edited version on Woodstock Diary).  The Deads number is really an invaluable example of a 60's live performance of the band (All the boys are here, Pigpen, Jerry, Bobby, Billy, TC, Phil and Micky).  Creedence is fine and resurfaces in all its form.  The Who performance is a different matter since their portion shown on film has been always too abridged (on Woodstock Diary was added \\"My Generation\\"). They performed TOMMY!! and also Heaven or Hell.  At least \\"We are not gonna take it\\" is finally included as during a long time its name was used for \\"Summertime Blues\\".  J Airplane looks fantastic (Oh! that's Nicky Hopkins on Piano). J Cocker appears singing the same song performed the day before by Blood Sweat & Tears.  Johnny Winter number is edited as it is shown on Woodstock Diary (drum beat and guitar slide introduction are missing - the song lasts actually 8+ minutes), Paul Butterfield is excellent.    A special mention to The Who. They were one of the few British acts at Woodstock and Chip Monk introduction is very unusual and amazingly polite (Ladies and gentlemen please warmly show your appreciation for a band that came especially for this festival... a warmly welcome for The Who). Once again I think their whole performance is filmed and recorded (just take a look at \\"The Kids are alright DVD\\").  By the way there is a well known unreleased video (with time counter) of their set taken from the stage right camera that actually shows a handful of additional numbers, even Pete kicking the cameramen on stage and the seconds after the Abbie Hoffman incident (this same source was used for the additional Hendrix material included in the definitive edition of his performance).      About the interviews they are very interesting for those people that are really into the history of the festival and all the 60's events.  Great stories about filming, setting the Eclairs and getting the proper lights on the stage. I missed some people that must be in any Woodstock related project: John Roberts, Joel Rosenman (the pair that actually put the money), Arthur \\"Artie\\" Kornfeld, and John Morris.    In all I recommend this box mainly for the extra material included which is really fabulous.    Please note that Sony is currently releasing the complete sets on CD performed at Woodstock by J Winter, Santana, J Airplane, Sly and the Family Stone and Janis.  Rhino is about to release a mamooth like compilation of chronological assembled set of performances including more than 30 previously unreleased material.
B000007VCM|5.0|This album sums up the eighties for me.<br />Mr Record Company, how about a release with the bsides to sanctuary, rain and revolution.<br />These tracks are amazing and mostly unavailable.
6300271439|3.0|Well, first off I wanna say I'm a HUGE Madonna Fan and yes I know she has made some terrible bombs and some decent flicks but this movie, which got swapmed at the box office and trashed by critics, really inst that bad of a movie. Madonna is Hysterical in this and i quite frankly think she did a better job in this then in desperatly seaking susan which was a huge hit. Madonna really shows off her charm,personailty, comidic abilites and is just awesome. whenever im down i always watch this cause madonna just makes me smile and makes me feel so much better. the only flaw i think is that all the other actors are over acting or cant keep up with madonna;s performance but they try really hard. I mean it is kinda hard to top this hysterical performance.<br />Madonna plays an Ex-con Named Niki Finn who has just been recently placed on parole for the murder of her ex lover who she didnt kill and is &quot;suppose&quot; to go back to her home town of philadelphia. Of course she doesnt get there. Enter rich Manhatan Lawyer Louden Trott(Griffith Dunne) Who is assigned by his soon to be father in law to take niki to the bus stop. instead, there is a non stop wild ride with niki, an exstinct Patagonian felis concore, which louden is suppose to return, And a pimp and a fat man(who killed nikis boyfriend) who follow them, and loudens fiance Wendy(the funny Haviland Morris)and you have a hysterical wild ride and a race against time so niki can clear her name and tell louden she loves him before he gets married. Madonna really carries this movie and has a field day with her character. if you just want a fun night at home and alot of laughter rent or buy this movie. its a must for any madonna fan or any funny comedy's just to warn yall this is a very silly movie. so if you like these kind of movies its a must.
B00003CXWV|4.0|Review is divided into two parts:  Movie itself, and DVD extras<br />Movie:<br />Explain to me for whom I am supposed to feel sympathy or empathy?  Jung?  I don't think so.  He created his dilemma through his own actions, without any regard for the effect of his actions.  I guess I have a hard time enjoying a movie with neither a sympathetic protagonist nor a social message.  This film lacks both.<br />That being said, the filmmaking side of the movie is impressive, from cinematography to soundtrack.  Depp does a serviceable job with the material with which he is presented.<br />DVD:<br />This DVD features Infinifilm, which can best be described as VH-1's pop-up video experience transferred to a DVD.  The feature is quite impressive (and would have been more impressive if I had liked the movie).  It seems best suited to this type of film: historical.  Put another way, I don't need to see the Infinifilm version of \\"Dude, Where's My Car?\\"<br />The DVD also features (as part of the Infinifilm) characters comments regarding other characters, deleted scenese, George Jung interviews, and various other minutiae.  This concept is quite impressive, but it would be better with a better film to supplement.<br />The film is a 3 star, the infinifilm a 5 star, for a 4 star average.
B00001U0GQ|2.0|I would not recommend the DVD version of LOTM.  It takes away the music, in some scenes where the music is critical, as well as some quips which were crucial to illuminating the characters.  Also, the additional scenes, to my great surprise, did nothing to add to the film; indeed, they interrupted the general flow of the film and were rather annoying.  Until I saw the DVD version of this film, I never thought editing was a much needed process.
B00004U8JU|4.0|Scientists learn how to recreate living dinosaurs via recovered DNA fragments, and a rich entrepreneur uses this knowledge to construct a prehistoric amusement park on a remote island.  He brings in a team to evaluate his living attractions, and from that point forward everything that can go wrong does.  <br />The lean, economical screenplay, by Michael Crichton and David Koepp, does just what it needs to--it moves us efficiently from thrill to thrill.  Only at the very end do the writers get sloppy.  In this movie, however, it's really the special effects that matter.  These dinosaurs live and breathe.  I remember when I first saw this movie in the theaters back in '93; I don't recall ever being so impressed with the technical mastery of a film.  Even today, when almost every film seems to include some CGI, the effects hold up very well.
B000055XMF|4.0|This is a great package from Rhino, but why or why have they cut 6 minutes from the original release?  This is an outrage.  You DO NOT tamper with a masterpiece, but this is what's happened.  Have certain scenes been cut to accomodate the American market?  I'd love to know the answers.
B00005ATQ9|3.0|&quot;Barry Lyndon&quot; is a handsomely-produced, stunningly photographed movie that ranks among Kubrick's best-looking films.  This film cost $11 million to make (a huge budget for a 1975 film), and you can see exactly how the money was spent.  Kubrick, a photagrapher himself, used natural lighting when shooting interiors, and you can see the attention to detail from the first frame to the last.  But while it may be Kubrick's most visually stunning film, it's also among his weakest.  Ryan O'Neil is miscast as Redmond Barry, the Irishman who manipulates his way from poverty to wealth during this 3 hour film.  His performance has a few bright spots but is otherwise blank in expression.  The rest of the supporting cast fares much better.  But don't let its flaws or its length discourage you.  While this film pales in comparison to his classics like &quot;A Clockwork Orange&quot; and &quot;2001: A Space Odyssey,&quot; &quot;Barry Lyndon&quot; has virtues of its own to make it watchable.  View with an open mind, and you will be rewarded.
B00000DFRS|5.0|There is no doubt of the power of Whitney Houston. My Love Is Your Love is the most enduring album I have ever heard of in her career. The album shows her at an tougher source of R&amp;B and Hip Hop. The songs range perfectly from ballads to dance songs and innuendos. I first heard this record when my cousin was murdered in 1999. It really helped me through that time. Thank You Ms. Houston. You go child. You still have it.
B00005NOOH|5.0|There is simply no comparison to this epic documentary of WWII.  That is all that needs to be said.  BUY IT.  You won't regret it.  Have a friend or family member that is a WWII history fan?  BUY IT.  They will worship you.
B00003CX5P|4.0|For some reason, I received this DVD several days before the issue date, so when the weekend TV promotions for it claimed that it would set &quot;the new standard for DVDs,&quot; I was qualified to nod my head in total agreement. In fact, nothing in my DVD collection matches the quality of this superb product. It is a great transfer in every respect, and the extras are mind boggling.<br />Unlike most people who will buy this DVD, my viewing of it was also my first viewing of &quot;Star Wars I - The Phantom Menace,&quot; because I never caught it when it was in the theaters. I had read and heard all the negative reports, though, countered by some enthusiasm from diehard Star Wars fans, so my expectations weren't very high as to the story. My expectations as regards the visuals were very high, though, because of trailers that I had downloaded from the Net, and this DVD did not disappoint me.<br />I'm sure that seeing this movie on the big screen would be much better. It always is. But even on my 17&quot; Sony computer monitor (set for anamorphic, full resolution) the visuals are lavish and astonishing. The pod race and the climactic battleground scene look so real ... well, they look real! Incredibly real! Even when paused and advanced a frame at a time, the pod race action looks like the real thing. In the real world, objects racing past a camera lens produce a blurred image that is more blurred the closer to the camera, less so as the distance increases. In order to be convincing, animation must do the same thing. The sorcerers at ILM have done this to perfection, combining real images and computer generated ones, matching surround sound to the action, and giving us so many simultaneous tracking movements our heads begin to spin, as though we are riding one of those wild, carreening &quot;pods&quot; through the jagged stone walls and screeching over the desert race course.<br />But enough about &quot;special effects&quot; (I hate that phrase). What everyone seems tocarp about most is the story...and the actors, especially the young actor chosen to play Anakin Skywalker. More about the story in a minute. Let's talk about the boy first. I admit to long being mystified as to why this particular youngster (Jake Lloyd) was chosen. In the previews I had seen, he seemed dull, uninspired, almost disinterested. Viewing the actual film, I was of much the same opinion at first, but he did start to grow on me. It was only later, on viewing the multitudinous &quot;making of&quot; documentaries on disk 2 (see especially &quot;3000 Anakins&quot;!), where his auditions can be compared to those of two other boys, that I began to realize that he had actually been an excellent choice. What, then, is the reason that his on-screen performance seems at times so lackluster? After viewing this film, I firmly believe that the true culprit was sloppy and careless directing, not this inexperienced nine year old boy. In many of the peeks we get into the actual filming sessions, there seems to be an attitude of &quot;let the kid be himself,&quot; with apparently the first take often being accepted as good enough because he's satisfyingly &quot;unpredictable.&quot; This not only seems to have been the case in the direction (or lack of it) of young Lloyd, but in many of the scenes that did not include him. Having seen the kid's audition, I believe he was probably capable of delivering a great Anakin, but he was rarely if ever challenged, coached, or directed to do so. Result -- mediocrity that is by no means the kid's fault. He was only nine, so the fault must lie with the adults, and it plainly does. Jake's performances are by no means the only wooden ones in this movie.<br />Now to the story: I didn't fathom it, but this incredible flick is so entertaining in all its many other aspects, I really didn't care. In truth, I'm not a Star Wars fan. Never have been. So when that mob of oddly dressed wooden characters began babbling about Senators and treaties and Federations and other such mish-mosh, I gave up, relaxed, and just enjoyed the music and the backgrounds. A second and third viewing of SW-I will probably begin to clear things up for me -- but really, the action itself is so appealing, an actual story would seem almost an impediment to the enjoyment of this visual and sonic tour de force.<br />If you're a Star Wars fan and know the basic story and all the characters, then you will pick up on that aspect of things a lot quicker than I did, and will enjoy this movie again and again, I'm sure. But, from my point of view, it is a tribute to George Lucas and all the immensely talented people who gave us this treasure, that a detailed story isn't really all that necessary. For the casual viewer, just having a rough idea of what's going on is enough. The pure visceral experience of SW-I is worth four stars alone, and that's what I give &quot;The Phantom Menace.&quot;<br />Technically, though, the DVD transfer is a solid 5 stars. In terms of bang for the bucks, it's off the scale!
6304578458|5.0|This is my favorite movie of all time, and I am a big Cusack fan.  He did a better job acting in High Fidelity, but that doesn't take away from the creative comedy of this movie.  If you agree that \\"The Whole Nine Yards\\" ..., then see this movie, because it has a lot in common, without the stupidity.  I have no idea why it's rated R; it should only be pg13 for violence and some language.  Overall a great movie.  I'll buy it myself when I have some money :)
B000002ORU|4.0|Excellent stuff - but you still would need to buy the Who CDs &quot;Who's Next&quot;, &quot;Tommy&quot;, and &quot;Quadrophrenia&quot;, as tracks from these CDs sound much, much better in the context of the entire album.<br />Still, the live stuff rocks, and the samples of really early CDs and really late CDs (&quot;It's Hard&quot;) is great. I'll echo previous comments though - the cover of &quot;Saturday Night&quot; was probably a rare recording for a reason - it stinks.
B00005NI5Y|5.0|It gets better every time I listen to it.  There are tracks (&quot;Honest With Me&quot;, &quot;High Water&quot;, &quot;Cry A While&quot;, &quot;Lonesome Day Blues&quot;) that I just hit the repeat button on the CD player and listen to over and over - they're that good.  And really, there isn't a bad one on the whole album.  I'm a middle of the road Dylan fan - I like a lot of his music, but I don't have an exhaustive collection.  This one was definitely worth it.
0767802659|4.0|If your looking to buy this DVD you probably have already seen the movie so I won't bother to tell you about that part.<BR>Of course since this is a DVD the picture quality is fantastic. What I'm sure everyone wants to know about is the extras that come with it.<BR>There's a documentary that's could have been shown on TV. It covers all the aspects of how they did the special effects. I myself don't want to know how they did it, for me it ruins the show some how. Along with the normal stuff that comes with a regular DVD this one has the screen tests included. There's a couple of scenes that were cut from the final release and they're fun to watch, after you finish watching the main presentation.<BR>I've had this movie for about a year now and I'd estimate that I've watched it at least 30 times. Every once in a while I'll watch it all the way through then watch it again with the directors' commentary going instead of the actors speaking parts. You'll gain a whole new insight on what they were trying to accomplish with this film. Though I still think they based it on racial lines in our society during the Second World War. Buy it and watch it once with that in mind and you'll see what I mean. I know I'm being a little cryptic but I don't want to give anything away for those who actualy haven't seen this great flick
B00003CXXS|3.0|Ok, I was expecting to go into JP3 that they would totally destroy the plot and story, but I was surprised because the story was only secondary.  If you really liked JP3 you went to see the Dinosaurs destroy another group of brain-less humans.  But if you went expecting the suspense and thrill of the original, you will be sadly disappointed because the movie moves at such a fast pace an involved plot is nearly impossible.<br />I would say that if you keep an open mind and want a good Dinosaurs-eating-humans movie this would be my first recomendation.
0783230893|4.0|Great story! Highly recommend this one! Some of it seemed far fetched, but Kathy Bates' character was unique and truly wonderful!<br />You'll find yourself cheering her on, and wanting to help her change her life for the better.  This is an excellent movie for any woman who feels in a rut of her current life, and needs or craves a little change.
B000000132|5.0|Turn of the Cards is easily one of my favorite albums of all time.  When I first heard this in the mid-seventies, I was totally mesmerized by the blending of classical sounds with a pop-rock beat and the amazing voice of Annie Haslam.  Each song has the ability to carry the listener to a faraway place by painting a vivid image.
B00005MAM2|5.0|This DVD was better than Blood: the Last Vampire! <BR>This thing is really fast paced and awesome, and I'm sure you'll love it if you buy it.  The ending is very strange, but if you pay attention and use that pause button, it'll make sense.<BR>Kinda gross in some parts, but in all it's really good for anyone who likes action anime
B000002UZ4|5.0|This is a must-have collection from one of the best pop groups of the 1980s.  I was familiar with their big hits before I bought the collection, but now I'm a huge fan.  The PSB transcend dance music by infusing brilliant and deeply emotional lyrics into their tracks.  Each of the songs in incredibly catchy and hooky, but deeply layered and complex.  Neil Tennant's vocals are crisp and well sung; you can understand every word.  <br />Each song acts like a story, and the lyrics make you think about the circumstances and people in your life.  &quot;It's A Sin&quot; about the things you've done in your life that maybe you regret, &quot;Domino Dancing&quot; about dating someone with a wandering eye, &quot;Left To My Own Devices&quot; about living life the way you want to live it, &quot;Always On My Mind&quot; about all the people you've known in your life that maybe you didn't always give your best to.<br />Of course, then there's the hits like &quot;West End Girls&quot; which conjures up images of London, &quot;What Have I Done To Deserve This&quot; a classic break-up song, and &quot;Suburbia&quot; about the American stereotype of escaping to suburbia.  But, whew, after all this contemplating and thinking this is music you can dance to and escape your troubles.  That's what's so amazing about them, you get both the serious and the fun at the same time.  I think the PSB fan base gets pigeon-holed now but my opinion is gay, straight, black, white, whatever, everybody can appreciate amazing music.     <br />Discography is also remarkable in its format as a greatest hits CD.  The booklet contains cover art from each of the PSB single releases, the peak UK chart positions for each single, and Neil Tennant's personal critique of each song.  The tongue-in-cheek personal critiques are something you'll rarely find in a best of collection.  The album is complete; not a single important PSB track up through the early '90s is missing, something else you can't say about many otherhits collections.  These reviews speak the truth:  this should be at the top of your CD collection.
0792838068|4.0|Nicolas Cage stars as Ben, a desperate alcoholic who lost his wife, job and wanted to destruct himself with booze or you may say he decided to drink himself to death (quoted from the film). Elisabeth Shue stars as Sera, a prostitute. When Sera was on half of her way to work, she met Ben, Ben invited her to his home (motel). After Sera had washed her hair and wanted to start her job, Ben seemed not very interested (even though alchohol can be used as an aphrodisiac), he stopped her and told her she could drink all she wanted but had to stay, talk and listen to him. Sera felt empathy with Ben and the love story began with their understanding and acceptance for each other.<br />Although Ben had found his angel (that's what Ben named Sera when he moved to Sera's home at the first time), he couldn't leave off his alcohol addiction and he told Sera that she couldn't stopped him from that. Even though Sera might have taken Ben to hospital for diagnosis and treatment etc., she didn't, the reason is that Ben's will is always her top priority. I'm amazed at Sera's altruistic mind and realized what true love is. Well finally Ben died because of alcoholism.<br />The film applies a sentimental approach to protray this tangible love story. It's like a reflection of the modern society. And let's appreciate how the flow of the movie is managed by means of music and cinematography.<br />The film is suitable for everyone, especially right now we're dealing with despair under the global economic recession. We have to believe, even though we're in low depth, we'll stay strong and fight for the bounce and recovery.
B00000ILDE|3.0|I admit that when I first saw Aliens, my heart was pounding.  Of<BR>course, I was around 16 at the time.  Now that I have seen it 3<BR>times or so, I can see where it all went wrong.  That was at one<BR>of the climactic scenes near the end where Ripley starts<BR>to foolishly unload all of her ammunition at the alien hive.  <BR>Why on earth would someone deplete all their ammunition into an<BR>area that was only minutes away from being destroyed by a <BR>nuclear blast? Why would<BR>someone further risk their own life in addition to the 12 year <BR>old child they had just saved?  There were more scenes in the<BR>original that I could have done without, like the 'Get away from<BR>her...' finale with the alien queen.  It was over-the-top,<BR>root for the good guy style writing.<BR>In addition, I could have done without the extra scene of Bill <BR>Paxton saying 'I am the ultimate...' for five minutes <BR>straight.  <br />I admit that I let my curiosity cloud my logic.  <BR>No, i don't think the extra 20 minutes is worth it.  Just buy <BR>the original, edited version and allow your teenage fright to <BR>live on untarnished.
B00003CXCQ|5.0|It's quite amazing after 60 plus years,&quot;Snow White And The Seven Dwarfs&quot; still seems as fresh,charming,entertaining,and ageless as when it first came on to the big screen.I've watched it countless times on VHS when I was a kid and yet I have never gotten tired of it.On DVD,however,it is a true splender to behold,looking like it could have been released today.The 2-disc set is packed with great features,such as an excellent 40-minute making-of featurette,a newly recorded version of &quot;Someday My Prince Will Come&quot; sung by Barbra Streisand,a thorough &quot;Disney Through The Decades&quot; history recap including clips of &quot;Dumbo&quot;,&quot;Sleeping Beauty&quot;,&quot;Mary Poppins&quot;,&quot;The Lion King&quot;,&quot;Toy Story&quot; etc.,and A LOT more stuff.As a gift for the upcoming holidays,it's a no-brainer.But get it fast before it is put on mortatorium in January 2002!
B00005A46T|3.0|One thing i simply cannot understand: why the hell did System of a Down embark on a concert tour with these guys? <br />Other than both of them falsely stereotyped into the same &quot;nu-metal&quot; genre, I don't see any remote similiarities between System and Slipknot. <br />With Iowa, Slipknot is not reinventing any wheels. Whatever they put there, has been done and overdone by other bands (including Slipknot themselves). So what is exactly the success story of this masked freaks? First, I believe is the image... A bunch of spooky dudes with masks on their faces surely look quite original and impressive. Second.. Well, the music does not have to be really unique to be enjoyed, does it? and that's precisely what Slipknot is doing. Yes, they do play super bone-crushing ear-shashing aggressive music. Yes, they do make heads bang and their fans in Los Angeles and Chicago surely do perform a mush pit circular dance. It does look terrific, it does sound good and it's a definitive must-have for anyone who still has enough strength in neck's muscular joints to be able to bang against a brick wall.
B00005LB9O|4.0|Travis' appeal comes from their simplicity.  One doesn't need to listen to the album a dozen times for it to work its magic.  Travis provides catchy, appealing songs, for the most part.<br />I've found myself misinterpreting the lyrics that made the music sound deeper than it was.  I can't understand how a song like &quot;Flowers in the Window&quot; can work; in all its pop laced unabashedly joyful way just makes one feel good.<br />In my opinion, Travis' &quot;Invisible Band&quot; provides simple, enjoyable music that you won't be embarrassed that you enjoyed it 5 years from now.
0060977493|5.0|Read it when your soul is quiet. Pick this book up when your life isn't too tumultous or else you will miss some of the gentle and nuanced pleasures of this book. Enjoy it.
B00005B4GU|5.0|Anyone who follows music knows that Radiohead has been called the best band in the world several times.  Its a tough label to swallow since music is so subjective; ask ten people and you'll get ten different answers.<BR>The brilliance of Radiohead's &quot;Amnesiac&quot; comes from the diversity of sound.  Chances are that Amnesiac will sound nothing like any other piece of music you own.  No two songs on the album sound anything alike.  Radiohead hasn't defined a different way of music, but rather crafted individual works of art tied together by studio experimentation and a drive not to repeat itself.<BR>Unlike Kid A, Amnesiac's strength lies in individual songs.  While repeated listenings of Kid A would warm the listener to the familiar pattern of songs, Amnesiac is much less consistant in sounds, theme, and approach.  &quot;Packt Like Sardines...&quot;, &quot;I Might Be Wrong&quot;, &quot;Knives Out&quot;, and &quot;Dollars &amp; Cents&quot; are the standout tracks.  They grew on me like fungus, and I found myself with a temptation to listen to them in completely different moods and times which underlines the brilliance of Radiohead: the diversity in their music.
0553260111|5.0|In order to enjoy Robert Ludlum's work it is often necessary to suspend one's sense of disbelief, and to a degree silence the critic within.  This book is no exception.  Ludlum's work tends to follow a standard formula.  He typically presents us with a protagonist posessing extaordinary skills who suddenly finds himself alienated from the powers that he serves.  We quickly learn that those in power are either corrupt, or incompetant.  Our hero will soon be betrayed by friends, and helped by former antagonists.  Our hero will eventually fall in love under improbably circumstances, and his new love will prove to be his trump card.  She can go places he can't, and interpet things as an \\"outsider looking in\\".  Ludlum's books are packed with cliches, but Ludlum created most of those cliches.<br />Is Ludlum the author of great literature, absolutely not; however, his books provide a door to an alternate reality where one man, with the help of a good woman, can save the world.  These are guilty pleasure books.  Ignore, the cliche's, suspend disbelief, and have a good time.
B0000028UK|5.0|Sometimes I think this is the best album I've ever heard.  I'm SURE it is the best driving album I've ever heard.  The rock sing-along car-drum solo oppertunities flurish through all of the tracks.<br />The strength of Vs. is in the albums individual tracks.  I've listened to this album hundreads of times, and songs that I've long ignored seem to creep up as ones I feel the temptation to listen to over.  W.M.A. for example, I heard many times before finally loving the song.  Then there is Go, which right from the start gets the adrenaline and rock going.<br />The highlights are the two songs that have the most emotional impact: Rearviewmirror and Indifference.  Rearviewmirror is a song about affirmation, personal strength, leaving troubled past behind, and singing along with Eddie packed into four and a half minutes.  The songs impact grows with each listen.  Indifference is a painfully honest song about a feeling of unimportance, with a hauntingly muted guitar, and spine tingling lyrics.<br />Vs. is in my opinion Pearl Jam's best studio album.
B00005QW9V|4.0|&quot;There must be someone up there looking down on all us freaky kids&quot; I thought out loud as I walked from the tiny alleyway theatre after seeing Hedwig for the first time. It's just one of those films, like Velvet Goldmine, (with the startlingly gorgeous Johnothan Rhys Meyers), that makes you want to spend your entire paycheck on everything HEDWIG. The video, the soundtrack, the T-Shirt, the perfume, the book, the fridge magnet, not to mention glitter eyeshadow and mauve tinted sunglasses. And after that, it makes you want to walk down the street crying, it makes you want to scream and laugh and sing - and you should, because very few films will ever breathe the spirit back into you like Hedwig does. It's clever, it sweet, it's heartbreaking. All the cliches apply. Cliches are around for a reason. And that reason is Hedwig. See it, rent it, buy it, but never be content just to hear people rave about it. You have my promise - when you walk out of that theatre, you will never be the same again.
6302968143|4.0|I also love Hocus Pocus, which is one of my favorite movies. I hope someday Buena Vista bring us a sequel, it would be great. But, before that, THEY HAVE TO RELEASE IT ON DVD! I Still can't believe they haven't released it on DVD yet. This is a very funny movie mixed with some suspense in a great way. All the cast (Sarah Jessica Parker, Bette Midler, Kathy Najimi, Omri Katz, Thora Birch, Vinessa Shaw...) is great. Kenny Ortega did an amazing job with this movie. PLEASE, BRING US THE DVD!
B00000J8EK|5.0|If this album only had the song &quot;The Sunshine Underground&quot;, it would still be worth buying.  At around 3:50 into that song, they drum roll into this totally different sonic feel making it colorful and uplifting.  I loved it.
630024797X|5.0|I hope they put this back in print on video and/or DVD. It's a true masterpiece of pacing and mood.  Performances of Harry Dean Stanton &amp; Dean Stockwell are amazing. Even the boy who plays the young son is amazing. <BR>I think it is interesting to see the international influences on this picture.  A colloboration between French, German, and American talents, it bears the markings of all three cinematic traditions. It is particularly interesting to see it as a very American movie (alieniation within wide open spaces, lonliness withing families, and so on) made by someone who isn't American.
B00003CXSP|4.0|I went to the theater when this movie was released and I left feeling slighted.  Even though I had read the novel and knew what to expect, I thought they could have done so much more with this.  I hate to admit it, but I guess I expected 'Silence of the Lambs: Part II'.  I missed Jodie Foster and frankly, Hannibal just didn't seem so scary anymore.  <br />While 'Hannibal' is a sequel, it is not a typical sequel and it wasn't until I rented the DVD that I realized that it was unfair to judge it in relation to 'Silence of the Lambs'.  Actually, I realized alot when I rented the DVD.  <br />'Hannibal' takes place in real time...ten years have passsed and our favorite murderous physician has mellowed out a great deal.  That doesn't mean that he isn't still creepy and Anthony Hopkins brilliantly manages to mingle style and panache into the homicidal tendencies of the lead character.  Still having a flair for the finer things in life, most of the movie takes place in Florence, where Hannibal has established himself as curator of a library.  This gives the movie a whole new feel and you actually view Lecter as a sort of hero that only wants to be left alone.  Unfortunately, he has been &quot;discovered&quot; by a local detective that cleverly plots the capture of one of the FBI's ten most wanted, for a handsome reward offered by Mason Verger, one of Lecter's victims (who has his own murderous agenda).  When will they learn...you can't outwit the master.<br />Then you factor in the torch Lecter has been carrying for the now-fallen hero, Clarice Starling.  Gone is the rising star that Jodie Foster portrayed...Starling is on the FBI's hit list as scape goat of the year.  Julianne Moore does a great job of recreating this character into a mere shadow of what she once was, essentially forcing you to forget all about the Clarice of yester-year (and consequently Foster) and dragging you into what she has developed into.   Moore maintains this character's dignity in a world filledwith sneering co-workers and whispered comments about her washed up career.  No fear though, Hannibal likes her even better this way and since his genuine respect for her has now evolved into a twisted parody of love, he decides to emerge from his cave long enough to drag her inside.  What is left is a roller coaster of a ride, while you try to follow a multitude of storylines which are all connected but don't finally collide until the end.<br />Ridley Scott's direction is superb and the film has a slick, delightfully foreign feel to it.  Supporting performances, such as Giancarlo Gianini, Ray Liotta, and Gary Oldman (uncredited..but man, does he deliver!) are all first rate.  It was also a nice touch to include Barney from the original, along with modified film and voice-clips, which attach nicely to  other tie-ins without beating you over the head with them.  <br />The only gripes I still have are the fact that there wasn't alot of interaction between the two lead characters.  That was the strongest draw of 'Silence' and the lack of this interaction did damage to the film overall.  When they do finally interact, they are great together and come off as old friends, albeit wary of one another, giving the film a much needed thrill.  On a minor and frivilous note, I could have done without Hannibal saying &quot;okey dokey&quot; repeatedly, (which by the way is something Hopkins added himself).  It was just a little over the top.  The infamous brain-eating scene was also a little much, but believe me the novel was even more graphic.<br />The special features on the DVD are pleniful and there is a director commentary for the ENTIRE film.  This provides alot of insight to the various situations and the direction that Scott wanted to take.  There is also a second, filmed but unused ending and Scott discusses a third, which he ultimately nixed.<br />You should view this as an untraditional sequel.  I liked the movie alot more the second time around and developed a new appreciation for it.  The acting is superb and cudos to Julianne Moore for her brave portrayal of everyone's favorite heroine.  In fact, Lecter and Starling both end up as unlikely heroes.  If you'll notice, Hannibal has mellowed to the degree that he only now preys on those who &quot;started it.&quot;  All of his victims in this film are those who intend to victimize.  You will actually find yourself rooting for the bad guy and be disappointed that he doesn't end up with the girl.  No, it was not as good as the &quot;original&quot; but it's not the same story...just the same characters.  Hey, we all change after 10 years.
B000002BUY|5.0|All I have to say is INCREDIBLE! Incubus is by far the best band of the 90's. It's a little sad they went mainstream but oh well they'll just have a much bigger crowd. I believe them to be as influencial as my fav. band Pink Floyd! SCIENCE is an awesome album, you cannot go wrong with any Incubus album. Look out for Morning View it'll knock your socks off.
B00003CXAA|1.0|The movies are no different than before, and it's nice to see the bonus footage. But the transfers are horrendous, to say the least. Even Part 3, released in 1990, looks terrible. I've seen it look better on cable, so it's not as if there aren't better versions around. To all prospective buyers- rent it or borrow from a friend and see for yourself. ... Paramount should be ashamed of itself for taking the time to make a beautiful box, only to deprive us of a beautiful transfer.
630575067X|4.0|Okay guys, it's time to STOP bashing TPM!!! Needless to say (check the name), I'm a huge Star Wars fan.  I watch, read, write and collect it.  Out of all SW movies, TPM is the worst, hands down.  But if you compare it to other movies that have come out in the past few years, come ON.  Would you rather watch TPM or Charlie's Angels?  I didn't LOVE TPM, but I don't hate it either.  The acting ranges from sucky to great, the sfx are the best, the script could use some work and the fights can't be beat.
B000002LND|5.0|Madonna's always been one of the front runners for pop music. Her greatest hits package, THE IMMACULATE COLLECTION, is an excellent pop collection. With one listen you'll be hooked and you'll remember those songs from way back. This is a good collection for pop music fans 'cause Madonna has not been consistant with her albums. Some of her previous album were real duds so this is a great collection to have. Madonna's hits have always been big and memorable. THE IMMACULATE COLLECTION is a pop classic!
0553266306|5.0|a really good read. I have started loving spy novels just because of this one book. Forsyth is really good in shaping the personality of the character. I just loved it.
B00005K9QP|5.0|This CD, without a doubt, is everything that the <BR> electric guitar is! Clapton would never sound as <BR> warm, or biting;...this is where the guitar took<BR> flight- from it's gut-wrenching bends, to the articulate<BR> phrasing!! As a guitarist of some 25 years, I'd say this<BR> album is more relevant today-than ever.<BR> The remastered disk sounds even better;plus, the two <BR> bonus tracks are great.Whatever you do, with regard<BR> to listening to Clapton, start with this.
0767817478|4.0|Sorry ...  When you got a theme of \\"man vs. nature\\", nature always wins out.  But, so is life. What else can you do when you've got a raging lizard running around in NYC?  Could you try and get the National Guard and the Air Force to shoot it down? Or do you get the Navy on board and shoot some torpedos at it?  Well, both were done, but none worked.  Godzilla is too smart.  Here is one \\"monster\\" that sprouted because of being exposed to nuclear testing, only to swim all the way from French Polynasia to Gotham, for the sole purpose of laying eggs.  Just letting nature take it's course.  But in this tasteful movie, with the boyish charm of Matthew Broderick and the full gusto of a witty supporting cast, all of whom have the typical New York attitude, Godzilla finally gets what is coming to it.  Man made it; man destroys it.  Or does it?  The ending leaves little doubt that there may be a nice sequel pending.  I liked this movie.  The special effects were first class (I loved it when Godzilla was running down the Avenues of New York chased by army helicopters!) and the storyline---although it did have a undeveloped love interest story---was well paced and sequenced. All in all, good movie.
0783229526|5.0|Dude, how can i describe this utter masterpice,humm.... BRILLIANT. Yes it is absolutely fantastic film, it has really, really funny dialogue and a trippy plot. I laughed so har that I couldn't  hear what they were saying but it didn't matter anyway because i knew it would be hillarious. BUY THIS FILM NOW. A definate 5 star review.
6305558167|5.0|I have read, and studied Malory's &quot;Le Morte Darthur&quot; by Rospo Pallenberg. I also read Tennyson's The Coming of Arthur, The Holy Grail and Lancelot and Elaine. Once I saw John Boorman's movie, it is an understatement to say I was a captive audience. I was swept away by his complete detail and dedication to the original sources which I just provided. He captured the legend. Dare I say better than any person could. Every word, every action and even the backdrop, was perfect (a word I do not find applied often in life) in this movie.<br />If you want to know who Arthur was, who Merlin was (which no one can portray better than Nicol Williamson) The Holy Grail or a plain reasoning to the meaning of life: watch this DVD. Mankinds nature is captured in this movie. Then, if you really want to be frightened, look for those situations and people in your life, with family, work and friends. Wisdom will be discovered if you do that, so don't be too disipointed if no magic is found though. Perhaps, just perhaps in this world if wisdom is learned, that is magic enough for all. And that is the meaning of Excalibur; the many forms wisdom needs to take, in order to make life whole.
B00001ODHF|5.0|This is one of the greatest horror/comedy movies of all times.  If you like blood and gore with a twist of humor, this movie is a must see.  It is Bruce Campell at his finest. Also check out Evil Dead II.
630024797X|5.0|I first rented this movie when I was 18 because I liked Ry Cooder's soundtrack; it made good study music.  But I didn't understand much of anything in the movie.  I saw it again when I was 26, and understood everything about it.  A certain level of life experience is necessary to appreciate Travis' condition.<br />Like other reviews have mentioned, the movie goes at its own pace, but it never drags.  It's a unique kind of mystery story, where the viewer first finds Travis wandering silently in the Texas prairie, and the question is how he got to that condition, which isn't revealed until the very end.  It's worth the trip.
B00004TL21|5.0|I don't care what any one says, this album ROCKS! I hate it when people keep saying that the album has no heavy tracks...There are! The album has a combination of heavy songs and lighter songs. Songs like the first one, ellite, Street Carp, Korea and a few others are very heavy. All the others are not that heavy, but is still metal. Some songs are super FREAKY...which is good. Songs like Digital Bath and Change are brilliant and twisted.<br />Overall, this album is great. There is only one disapointment...yes the last track 'PINK MAGGOT', I thought it was supposed to be 'BACK TO SCHOOL'. The track is around 7 minutes long. For the first 2 minutes, you can just hear some very wierd sounds and then BACK TO SCHOOL starts up. BUT, it's not the proper version, he just keeps repeating Chorus over and over again...non of the verses are there. The orignal version 'Mini Maggot' was ten times better.
B00003CX5P|3.0|As everyone probably agrees, technically, Lucas has evolved and this is his best so far, naturally.  Unfortunately, it seems that the rest got lost in the technological \\"show\\".  Sure, the pod race screams, the jedi fighting is the best yet ever, but what on earth is that...Jar-Jar?  (I thought the ewoks were already a sacrilege).  I agree with all those people that say Jar Jar was SO bad he practically ruins the movie.  Luckily on DVD you can skip scenes...  <br />But a bigger sacrilege is the quick and dirty improvisation of R2-D2 and C-3PO; they didn't naturally fit into the plot; if it were really them then why was there no \\"click\\" to the Skywalker name in Star Wars IV?  A memory erasure is too cheap to explain why 3PO could forget his maker... and why wouldn't Obi-Wan remember little R2-D2?  (don't defend this hole with senility). It feels too artificial like Lucas was afraid everyone would forget it was a Star Wars film without any of the original characters...it's true that people who love star wars also love Luke, Han and Leia and I think it is a shame that Lucas went back in time rather than forward because frankly, wouldn't we prefer to know what happens to them?<br />Basically, if you've got home cinema then this DVD is not bad; the sound is perfect and hence the pod race is stunning.  I've watched the original Trilogy at least over a hundred times and unfortunately, I think that after two or three times this movie gets boring really fast.  A real shame.  Hope it gets better next time out.<br />One last thing -- why is it that Jar-Jar talks like a gay black slave and \\"Trade Federation guys\\" sound like uneducated Japanese who speak really bad English and that Anakin's \\"owner\\" resembles a muslum?  Is Lucas consciously making racist statements???
B000020617|5.0|The foo fighters are one of the best bands around today. I bough this album last february and i still love as much as did then. Since than i have also gotten there other 2 earlier abums, but htis is my favorite one. Here's a reveiw of each song<BR>Stacked Actors-has a metal sound to it, good to listen to really load<BR>Breakout-Has a nice build to it, really energetic<BR>Learn to Fly-has a nice solid sound, kind a makes me feel like im running<BR>Gimmie Stitches-one of my favorite songs, great guitar at the beggining<BR>Generoator-My favorite song on the album, has a great talk box effect<BR>Aurora-nice relaxing song,  Dave Grohl's personal favorite (he's the lead singer)<BR>live in skin-A lot of riffs, good, but not one of my favorites<BR>Next year- kinda slow pased but great druming It was used as the theme to the nbc show ed<BR>Headwires-Another one of my favorites great ending<BR>Aint it the life-has a hawaiin sound to it, another favorite<BR>MIA-second best song on the album, great ending for the whole cd<br />well i hope this was helpful and watch for the foo fighters next album in february or march of 2002
B00005QIPH|5.0|On the strength of an NME cover article in June (always a dubious source of musical knowledge), I picked up the Hard to Explain/NYC Cops single and Modern Age EP when I was in London for the summer.  The Hard to Explain single has two of the greatest songs I have ever heard and the Modern Age EP is nearly as good.  Just before leaving London, I grabbed Is This It (with superior artwork), thinking that while it would be good (because it had the five songs released on the singles), it only had six new songs and they wouldn't be as good as the five released.  I was wrong.  Someday is the best song you will ever hear.  Soma is awesome, Alone, Together is great, and Take It or Leave It is a killer final track (I don't really care for the title track or Trying Your Luck).  The U.S. version is essentially the same though it lacks NYC Cops, a crucial ommission.  Buy the U.K. version if you can but if not, buy the U.S. album and the Hard to Explain single.  But as good as the studio versions are, try to see the group live.  I saw them at the Metro in Chicago on October 5 and they blew me away.  This is a classic group.  Yeah, they take a little bit from a thousand 1970s groups but the synthesis is an amazingly new and brilliant product.  This is it.
B000002UJQ|5.0|This is the album that I would reccomend if you have never heard Radiohead.  With songs like &quot;Karma Police&quot; that pulls at your heart strings, and &quot;Paranoid Android&quot; an ecclectic almost rock opera like song, you cant lose.  I've been listening to Radiohead for a log time and have developed a taste for all of thier music (My favorite album being &quot;Kid A&quot;), if you aren't and just want to listen to something a little different, this album will make you appreciate just how great this band really is.
6304806442|5.0|The trio of producer Andrew McDonald, writer John Hodge and director Danny Boyle had had pretty good critical and reasonable commercial success with their debut feature Shallow Grave, but no one expected what was coming next. Out of the shadows, came a film about heroin addicts in Scotland that surely wouldn't be a success, would it?<BR> Trainspottings rise to cult status was a remarkable one. After all, it did not seem to have the automatic ingredients of a runaway hit. It may not have made a huge impact in the States, but in Britain it took the nation by storm. Everyone knew the name, the poster, probably some of the dialogue, even if they hadn't seen the film, and if you hadn't you felt like you were missing out on something special! In terms of a culture shift, there has been no more important film in the last 15 years. It relaunched British interest in Lou Reed and Iggy Pop, spawned countless imitators, and propelled six young actors into the limelight who will always be known for their roles in the film. It was also the platform for Ewan McGregor and Robert Carlysle to take on Hollywood. Believe me, if it wasn't for Trainspotting, someone else would have played Obi Wan in Phantom Menace and the villain in the World is Not Enough.<BR> So what makes this film so special. Great performances, cool soundtrack, sharp dialogue, a storyline that is as harrowing as it is funny. It really just captured the mood of a nation, and showed drug use with brutal honesty, not with glamour or with unneccesary preaching. Perhaps thats why it caused such a furore, not because it dared to state an opinion, because it dared not to. The truth is a dangerous thing.<BR> Being British in 1996 and seeing this was a very special thing, but it is still a magnificent film for any audience that withstands repeated viewings. A truly unique cinematic experience.
B000002MY3|5.0|When I bought this CD, I was thinking why not? That is the best CD I've ever bought. I have been in and out of an eating disorder for 4 years, and this CD has the most meaningful music I've heard in a long time. I feel like made the CD, it was THAT close to what I felt. I'll rate the songs.<BR>All I Really Want: B+<BR>You Oughta Know: B-<BR>Perfect: A+++++++ (an amazing song!)<BR>Hand in my Pocket: A+<BR>Right through you: A<BR>Forgiven: C+<BR>You Learn: A+<BR>Head over Feet: awesome song A+<BR>Mary Jane: A+ (that thing is my life!)<BR>Ironic: A+ obviously<BR>Doctor: A<BR>the others get Bs<BR>A Truly meaningsul CD
0767853636|5.0|This movie is great! ... <BR>Carol Burnett is wonderful in Annie! Albert Finney is great!<BR>I love the songs! I have the DVD and it is so cool!<BR>I just couldn't imagine anyone not to like ANNIE!<BR>I recommend this movie to anyone! It has a wonderful plot it is wonderful all the way through. The ending is spactatular!<BR>I give this movie 5 stars and above!
6304457383|5.0|Ever have a clerk at the airlines ask if you are carrying anything for someone else?  This is what happens if you don't pay attention to those warnings.<br />The odds are all stacked against our heroine.  She is blind while we can see everything.  She is alone facing three professional criminals.  While they (and we) know the danger Susie faces from the beginning, Susie only comes to such awareness in slow stages that make up the bulk of the drama in the movie.<br />Based on a stage play, this movie happens entirely in the confines of her three room flat (except for the opening scenes during the credits which could be dropped without any harm).  The tight feeling of being trapped there with Susie is inescapable.<br />The only thing I disliked about the film was the smug attitude of Sam, the husband.  While he is intent on making sure that Susie develops into an idependant blind woman after her accident, he often has a tone that was a little too patronizing for my taste.  When he tells her how he expects her to defrost the fridge, I would have told him to do it himself or stop with the tips.
6305076464|5.0|No matter how many times I watch these video I laugh so hard I want to cry.  Believe me you will watch these shows over and over and your sides will ache. Everyone is hillarious; Manuel the Spanish waiter played by Andrew Sachs adds to the merriment. John Cleese and Connie Booth wrote the episodes. John Cleese is a very talented actor which shows in the Fawlty Towers series.
B00003CXTG|5.0|Pearl Harbor is the best movie<BR>i have ever seen . I don't care <BR>how bad people put it down it's<BR>still and will always be my fave<BR>movie .I've seen this movie two <BR>times and i cried more than i <BR>did the first time . GO SEE THIS<BR>MOVIE !! If this does not convince<BR>you that this movie is GREAT<BR>it has total hotties written all <BR>over it !
1559409010|5.0|What kind of DVD release do you give the funniest film from the funniest comedy group of all time. This brand spanking release, that's what. The Criterian Collection has always been a bastian of quality, but this is one of their best. The extras are magnificant. Having been a long time Python fanatic, i thought there wasn't much i hadn't seen. The deleted scenes are fantastic, (particularly the shepards), but i had seen them before. Best on this release are the British radio spots, (very, very funny) and the wonderful 1979 BBC documentary, &quot;the Pythons&quot; filmed on location in Tunisia during the making of Brian. The Python's talk candidly about themselves and each other and there is some sharp, witty, banter.<BR> No good having good extras if the films not up to much, i hear you cry! Well, rest assured, in Brian you have one of, if not the greatest comedies of all time.<BR> It is not, as many would believe, an attack on Christ. He appears in two scenes (obviously, not the real one) but is merely peripheral. The closest to the bone this gets is with an ex-leper who claims his begging trade has been damaged since Christ cured him. Hardly extreme blasphemy, is it?<BR> No, this film is an attack on blind faith, the willingness for people to just follow anybody who says they're the messiah and not think for themselves, and the dangers that follow. Brian (Graham Chapman) is an ordinary man who is mistakenly believed to be the messiah and is mobbed by fickle worshippers. If one scene sums up the entire film it is when Brian's followers are arguing over what Brian's &quot;sign&quot; is. Some believe he wants them to take off one of their shoes, like he has done, the other thinks that it means they should gather shoes as a form of worship. In reality, Brian has only lost his shoes through running away from them. This demonstrates how uneducated faith can lead to unwise choices, and arguments among society. Religion, though able to be a power for good, can rip peopleapart if they do not consider carefully.<BR> It may seem like a deep message, but don't let that put you off. Brian is full of side splitting moments, and as a film is a lot more satisfactory than it's predeccessor &quot;Monty Python and the Holy Grail.&quot; The stoning scene, Pilates address to the people of Rome, what have the Romans ever done for us? These scenes are all classics but there are many more. Please, i urge you, buy this. Your life won't be complete without it!
630542845X|5.0|Although this movie earned mixed reviews, and forever seems doomed to mediocrity(like all good art), Powder is one of those movies that is completely unforgettable. After you watch the movie, you will ruminate over it for days. It is that powerful.<br />Powder is our hero, a teenager who is misunderstood and unloved, even by his own family. When he emerges into our world from his grandparents' basement, he cannot even comprehend how cruel people can be every day. <br />Some films have various layers you have to get underneath before they go to your heart, like Forrest Gump. Powder is a film that will go straight to your heart, and will not leave. <br />The setting in which the movie takes place is rural middle America, but seems like another world. The entire movie is akin to a dream. It will probably wont make you cry when you see it, but rather when you have time to fully digest what you have just watched. <br />The best part about this movie is it provides deep emotion without being visually disturbing or graphic. It keeps a very respectable PG-13 rating. You can even feel sorry for the antagonists in the film, and soon you start to empathize with Powder. You could call it a teen Forrest Gump, although Powder's character is less real, but more beautiful than Forrest.<br />I highly recommend this movie. I have talked to ruffian-type teenagers who saw this movie and they despised it. This is because they saw themselves in the antagonists so vividly, that it deeply disturbed them. I liked that. This movie is 10 stars, all the way. Watch it, think about it, treasure it.
B000020617|5.0|I'm sure the &quot;music critic&quot;-minded crowd will laugh at my review title and hence the review to follow.  Nonetheless, I stand strongly by that observation.  Dave Grohl has put together a band that combines a lot of the best elements from the past few decades of rock music.  On this album, it all comes together.  The combination of melody and rockability remind me of some of my favorite &quot;guitar rock&quot; of the '70's and &quot;melodic metal&quot; of the '80's, and yet there is also a '90's alternative-rock flavor that make this collection of songs even more inspired-sounding and interesting.  &quot;Stacked Actors&quot; and &quot;Breakout&quot; are two solid rock tracks that lead off the album.  Both got radio airplay but are certainly not slow songs.  Then comes the big pop and rock radio release &quot;Learn To Fly&quot;--clearly the poppiest release that the Foos had put on the radio to date but a great melodic song nontheless.  The rest of the album follows with a variety of sounds and tempos, with other highlights including &quot;Generator&quot;, &quot;Next Year&quot;, and &quot;Ain't It The Life&quot;.  All in all, another great effort by the Foos (following their also-fantastic release from a couple of years earlier &quot;The Colour and the Shape&quot;).  I greatly anticipate future releases from this fine band.
0553565915|4.0|Oh, how these reviews have evoked emotion in people...talk about religion and the afterlife and people just can't deal with each other.  Many are afraid to face their imminent deaths.<br />I gave this book 4 stars because it doesn't matter whether or not it's true.  What Ms Eadie describes is a heaven where people do nice things for others, and love is unconditional.  They have learned the principles of life:  faith, hope, altruism, patience...and LOVE...things most people in our world have yet to learn.  If this is indeed, as Ms Eadie states in her book, why we have come down to earth, then it is obvious by our world's problems that the education is much needed.<br />Whether or not it is true is irrelevant.  I am an educated woman, not a religious zealot but not a close-minded skeptic either.  I read the book with open eyes, and was entranced by her images of a perfect heaven.  This book brought peace to a woman terrified of death; now my visions of a cold grave are replaced with a heaven full of singing flowers, perfect buildings and unconditional love.  If the only thing that awaits me is indeed a cold grave, will it have hurt me that I lived my life with a beautiful vision of the afterlife?<br />Will I have lived in vain if I learned from this book to love others unconditionally, to give of myself, of patience and faith that my purpose will be fulfilled?<br />Judge for yourself how you will view heaven, but for God's sake don't attack a woman for her views.
068484267X|4.0|&quot;When I look back on my childhood, I wonder how I managed to survive at all. It was of course, a miserable childhood.&quot;<BR>Frank McCourt expresses his life emotionally and physically through his novel, Angela's Ashes. Using his Irish dialect, he helps readers to experience his life full of poverty, death, sickness and simple pleasures.<BR>Resulting in the death of their precious baby girl, his family moved back to their homeland, Ireland. Their hope for a better life perished before their eyes. Malachy, the father, continued to &quot;drink away the wages&quot; at the local pubs with the money they rarely had. Angela, the mother continued to give birth to their children that they couldn't support. Over the next fifteen years and six brothers and sisters later, Frank found ways to make the worst times better. He worked at an early age after his father vanished to England, and even did the simple things like taking dance lessons to please his mother. Finally, by the age of nineteen, Frank had earned enough money to fulfill his dream of going back to America for a future full of opportunities.<BR>We feel that Frank is one of the most determinded characters that we read about. He was able to see beyond the poverty, hunger and necessities in order to make him and his family's dreams come true.<BR>Angela's Ashes represents many different types of emotions. Times of need brought tears to our eyes, while a few experiences and comments made us laugh at his humor. His variety of vocabulary was endless, and the writing style was very detailed. He did a wonderful job of drawing the reader into each environment, and almost allowing us to experience his feelings ourselves.<BR>A negative aspect of this book was the lack of quotations when a character spoke. Only a few quotes were used, and it confused us, the readers. It left us trying to figure out in our own minds if someone was either saying it, or thinking it. Also, the beginning of the novel seemed to be drawn out much more than necessary. McCourt gave us more information than we actually needed.<BR>All around, Angela's Ashes was a depressing story. It introduced us to a life during the Depression, from people without an American point of view. It represented the lives of many who suffered in this time of need and desperation, and how they overcame their problems in order to make their dreams come true.
B00005NWM3|4.0|It's not very often that a group of guys from a small town in Alberta, Canada become so big in the American music scene, but Nickelback has done just that.  Their second major-label offering, &quot;Silver Side Up&quot;, is unquestionably a 'rock' album.  No turntables, no synthesizers, no 72-track instrumentals featuring the London Philharmonic Orchestra and the scared bongo players of South America, no gutteral vocal yells or high pitched screams, just 4 guys w/ their guitars and drums.  There is some weight to the argument that the songs on the album sound similar, but with awesome tunes like &quot;Never Again&quot;, &quot;How You Remind Me&quot;, &quot;Woke Up This Morning&quot;, &quot;Too Bad&quot;, &quot;Just For&quot;, and &quot;Where Do I Hide&quot; that just make you want to crank up your stereo, who really cares?  Nothing here that's breaking any new ground or straying far from the mainstream, but it's a great album overall.  And it's even better to see a talented Canadian band getting some exposure south of our border.
6305291500|3.0|this movie is ok not my favorite but its ok.
B00000J7JO|5.0|I am a big '80s music fan and was disappointed with what much of the '90s had to offer musically--at least in the first half of the decade.  One of the highlights, without a doubt, was the Chili Pepper's breakthrough album &quot;Blood Sugar Sex Magic&quot;.  Well, after not matching the success and appeal of that album for years, all changed a couple of years ago with the release of another masterpiece--that being &quot;Californication&quot;.  Yes, a lot of the heavier funk sound is not present here, but that doesn't take away from this album's greatness.  The lack of obscenities on the disk was a surprise, as certain previous efforts are of course full of them.<br />There is still some noticeable funk in songs like the leadoff track &quot;Around The World&quot;, &quot;Get On Top&quot;, and &quot;I Like Dirt&quot;, which are all great songs.  Equally great are the three big hits off the album, including the breakthrough first single &quot;Scar Tissue&quot; and the title track.  &quot;Otherside&quot; is an absolute favorite--perhaps my favorite slow song from them since the breathtaking &quot;Breaking The Girl&quot; off of &quot;BSSM&quot;.  &quot;Road Trippin'&quot; is another surprisingly mellow and yet great song to end the album.  In between, there is still a lot of stuff that is truly Chili Peppers but with a somewhat different vibe than some of the old stuff.  Despite the mellowness of parts of the album, a very enjoyable listen that flows and (unlike another reviewer said) is anything but boring.  All in all, still a must-listen for most fans of this band.  This effort must have gained them a lot of new fans as well.
B000003TAW|5.0|I bought this disc a year or so ago for cheap at a used music store, based off the fact I had seen the Buddy Holly video on VH1 and then, for no particular reason, had it recommended to me by a girl in chemistry the next day. Suffice to say it's quite possibly the best six bucks I ever spent. For as huge a sound as these guys have, this is one tight little album. Each song is completely single-worthy, with the possible exception of the final track (but only for length). What these guys do is pop music at its best, when the word \\"pop\\" isn't meant to be derogatory. This is the kind of pop that isn't made to sell records, but is made to tell a story that can touch anyone who listens to it. This is music that makes you want to stand on your bed, tune up the air guitar, and howl to the imaginary throngs, and what makes it so much more wonderful is you know the guys who made it used to do exactly the same thing. Yes, Pinkerton is still my favorite of their three albums, but this disc is forever the one I put on when I wanna jamb. (Misspelling intentional, of course)
0446677450|5.0|Mr. Kiyosaki has put together a no-nonsense guide to wealth accumulation.  There are no ten steps to massive wealth or futile predictions of stock market bust or boom (See &quot;Where are All The Customers Yachts?&quot;), just a strategy to go from being poor (a mindset) to realizing that while you may be financially broke you are only poor if you decide to be.  Along the way a fundamental financial principle is defined, that of assets and liabilities.  Simply understanding the difference (or not) can make or break you.  Assets increase in value over time while (to many) liabilities bleed you dry financially.<br />Beyond that, the emphasis of the book is on working to learn as opposed to working for money while letting your money work for you.  Granted, you and I and everyone else not the offspring of a millionaire will (out of necessity) spend lots of time working for a paycheck.  During those times it's not so much the money earned that is of importance but the experiences and insights into the way business operates, the way deals are made, and awareness of opportunities that open up every day.<br />In a nutshell Rich Dad Poor Dad suggests that the reader should:<br />1) Learn as much as possible and try to continually surround themselves with people smarter than they are.<br />2) Understand assets and liabilities; focus on building assets while minimizing liabilities.<br />3) Understand how money flows, particularly the tax implications of various investments and financial maneuvers.<br />4) Develop the resources and contacts necessary to take advantage of opportunities as they become available.<br />This book will not make you rich; it will make you think and open your eyes to strategies of the rich mindset.  Once you have the right mindset, the rest is up to you!
B00005LQ04|5.0|on of my favorite films i dont know why i just like the atmosphere and the music and the lighting its a must.
B00004UFEM|4.0|i love blink 182 but this cd is a waste of money. it'd be cheaper to buy the enema cd and the live album and you'd get more songs. just a word of caution to all you blink fans.
156895557X|5.0|&quot;Tuesdays with Morrie&quot; is about how a young man and his mentor can find each other, save their friendship and learn a little about life and death. The book has a mixture of all emotions. From the first page to the last, it made you want to laugh and cry at the same time.<br />        Mitch Albom was a student at Brandeis University more than 2 decades ago. His favorite professor was Morrie Schwartz. As Mitch goes off and makes a name for himself, he loses contact with his beloved professor. while flipping through the channels quite a while later, he hears the familiar name of his prof. and decides to pay him a visit. Mitch finds out that Morrie has AlS or Lou Gehrig's disease and is slowly becoming crippled. At the same time Morrie is becoming more dependent upon other people, he starts squirting out little philosophical bits of information. Many of Morrie's old students come back to visit him at his house. As Morrie tries to tell them that material things don't matter and how everybody nowadays is just running around only caring about themselves. As Mitch and Morrie spend the next 14 Tuesdays together, talking about the meaning of life.<br />        This book was an overall good book and showed the pros and cons to a close-ones death. This book helped me see what  is really important in life.
B00003CWL6|5.0|This film is one of the best ones I have ever seen.  Honestly, I hated it the first time I saw it in the theaters, simply because I feel the content hit a little too close to home for me, and I felt it was rather depressing.  Now I know I didn't understand the message behind the film until I saw it the second time.This movie, for the emotional roller coaster that it is, has an ultimately uplifting message to tell.  Not to give away the entire story, but those of you who have seen it, the last five minutes or so are particularly touching to me personally.  I highly recommend this film.
0743201140|4.0|With a lot of career books in my shelfs I find this book rather helpful. It certainly made me rethink and rediscover my strengths.<BR>I really do recommend it!
B00004ZD69|2.0|I good comments about this CD, then I bought it. Ouch. This music is so long and drawn out that it gave me gas.
156895557X|5.0|&quot;Tuesdays with Morrie&quot; is about how a young man and his mentor can find each other, save their friendship and learn a little about life and death. The book has a mixture of all emotions. From the first page to the last, it made you want to laugh and cry at the same time.<br />        Mitch Albom was a student at Brandeis University more than 2 decades ago. His favorite professor was Morrie Schwartz. As Mitch goes off and makes a name for himself, he loses contact with his beloved professor. while flipping through the channels quite a while later, he hears the familiar name of his prof. and decides to pay him a visit. Mitch finds out that Morrie has AlS or Lou Gehrig's disease and is slowly becoming crippled. At the same time Morrie is becoming more dependent upon other people, he starts squirting out little philosophical bits of information. Many of Morrie's old students come back to visit him at his house. As Morrie tries to tell them that material things don't matter and how everybody nowadays is just running around only caring about themselves. As Mitch and Morrie spend the next 14 Tuesdays together, talking about the meaning of life.<br />        This book was an overall good book and showed the pros and cons to a close-ones death. This book helped me see what  is really important in life.
0694524786|5.0|Wonderful as an allegroy to the story of Jesus Christ, wonderful as a children's fairy tale...
B00005AQF7|5.0|If you are a rap fan and don't own this CD you NEED to buy it, pronto. Its the best rap CD ever made, period.
0780626966|5.0|The Nightmare On Elm Street films are absoloutley classic gems from the late 1980s, and continuing to the early 1990s.  Each film is outstanding in its own individual way (Yes, I liked Part 2 and Part 5).  This is my very favorite horror series, due mostly to the strong imagination, and my all time favorite killer, Freddy Krueger (Robert Englund).  The Nightmare series has had its fair share of stars as well, something most slasher movies do not have.  John Saxon, Ronee Blakely, Johney Depp, Hope Lange, Clu Gulager, Patricia Arquette, ackademy award nominee Larry Fishburne (The Matrix), Rosseane, Tom Arnold, and Alice Cooper.  The man who first began this awesome series is the one and only Wes Craven, my favorite horror director.  Other directors included Jack Sholder (Part 2), Chuck Russel (Part 3), Renny Harland (Part 4), Stephen Hopkins (Part 5), and Rachel Talalay (Freddy's Dead).  Craven returned to direct number seven, and also to co-write number three.  My order of favorite to least favorite goes.... part 1 gets five stars.  2 gets three and a half stars.  3 gets five stars.  4 gets four and a half stars.  5 gets three stars.  6 gets five stars, and 7 gets five stars.  What I admire the most about the Nightmare series is that they were able to continue by introducing to us new and inventive (and really interesting) ideas, such as The Dream Warriors, or the ability to go into someone else's dream and save them.  Also, the ways that they bring Freddy back are always really interesting, he never just pops up and is alive again.  There's always a good explanation for how he came back (like using Alice's unborn baby's dreams in part 5).  As for special effects, well, by todays standards, they're OK.  But by the 80's standards, they were awesome!!!!  Almost every death is filled with some sort of an effesct.  But to me, they're really fun to watch.  <br />As a fan of The Nightmare On Elm Street series, you can propably see why I was happy to see that New Line Cinema had gone and released a box set.  And wow!  If you're thinking about whether or not to buy this box set or not because of the money, well, it's well worth it!!!  You get 8 disks for... dollors (did Amazon edit out the price I just wrote?  I hope not), and each disk is really cool.  Each film opens with magnificent animated menus.  I'm sure all you fans of the series will notice how wonderful the sound and picture is.  That's the first thing I noticed!  The sound is really good and loud, and the picture is better than any other copy I've ever seen.  Crystal clear, sparkling, definatley the best picture.  The first film includes a \\"Jump To A Nightmare\\" scene navigation, so you can jump straight to a murder scene, and after it's over, it goes back to the menu.  Also included are cool Production Notes, as well as an Audio Commentary by Writer/Director Wes Craven, Director Of Photography Jaques Haitkin, and Actors Heather Langenkamp and John Saxon.  Very cool.  The next five movies have just the basic stuff (Jump To A Nightmare, Production Notes), but the seventh film includesa commentary by Wes Craven, which is really interesting.  Then, the bonus eighth disk (The Nightmare Series Encyclopedia) has behind the scenes footage for ALL seven films, as well as theatrical trailers, and a really weird game called \\"The Labyrith\\", where you have to play through this interactive enviorment to get all sorts of behind the scenes footage.  I'd rather that you can just acces the behind the scenes stuff though, so I rarely play this game.  A few extras that come with the box are a collectible booklet, and one pair (yes, ONE pair) of 3-D glasses, for the end of Freddy's Dead.  I preffer the 2-D version, but the glasses are a nice extra.  Some people have complained that the verion of Part 5 in this set is not the director's cut.  But, the director's cut is almost exactly the same, so I really don't mind that (and besides, I have that version on an old video).  My only small complaintis this....  I think it would be nice to have and episode of \\"Freddy's Nightmares\\" in this set.  I have seen some episodes from that show.  They're not nearly as good, but I feel that with one episode of that show (or two) it would make this box set a COMPLETE collection.  But, that's my only complaint, other than that, I suggest you go and buy this set now!  It's really something every fan shouldn't be without.  <br />If you found my review helpful, please vote for me.  Thank you.
B000001F3C|5.0|I'll never forget the first time I heard U2. The song \\"New Year's Day\\" started playing on my radio, and I stood transfixed. I had never heard anything like it: the passionate vocals, the chilling lyrics, and the truly unique guitar style. As soon as I found a copy of WAR, I bought it, and found each song as satisfying as \\"New Year's Day.\\" Now, I've heard countless U2 ripoffs, not to mention several other U2 albums. Still, I can't hear the songs from this album and just think of them as background music; they still demand my attention. While U2 continues to deliver great new music, WAR stands alone as one of rock's greatest albums ever.
6304082428|5.0|This is the absolute best video of Pride and Prejudice I have ever seen. If you love the book, you HAVE TO watch this movie.
B00004XQ83|5.0|I must say that had I not seen the movie, I would not have liked this cd nearly as much. I absolutely can not stand bluegrass. But after seeing the movie and laughing my head off, it really adds a lot to the soundtrack. I don't know how many times I've listened to this cd since getting it barely a week ago. The music brings the scenes back to my head everytime I listen to it and get's me to laughing all over again. I love this cd.  Did I mention I hate bluegrass?
6305165912|5.0|Although I hated this movie the first time I watched it, &quot;The Big Lebowski&quot; moved to the top of my favorite comedy list after just one more viewing.  Jeff Bridges stars as &quot;The Dude,&quot; a hippy slacker who divides his time between getting high, drinking White Russians, and bowling in a league with his two offbeat friends, played by John Goodman and Steve Buscemi.  After The Dude gets mistaken for a wealthy cripple with the same name, he gets drawn into an elaborate kidnapping scheme, and all kinds of shananigans ensue.  While Bridges plays the loveable loser perfectly, it is the side characters who steal the show in this one.  Goodman as the Vietnam vet / Jewish convert is absolutely hilarious, as is his feeble-minded sidekick, played by Buscemi.  John Turturro, playing Jesus the pedophile bowling competitor, is brilliant as well.  You may not have loved this movie the first time you watched it, but give it another chance.  &quot;The Big Lebowski&quot; is a classic in my mind, and is highly recommended for anyone looking to laugh and to discover the source of so many one-liners repeated constantly by Lebowski fans.
6302759110|5.0|This movie goes right by the book, which is something I liked because I loved the book. The performances are great, the set design is wonderful, and the special effects are nice and weird. Dracula's shadow is one of the freakiest things in this movie. My friends and I had a scary movie night, watched it, and loved it! It's a horror movie and a love story all rolled into one. Buy it today. You won't be dissapointed! One of Francis Ford Copolla's greatest films!
0192834142|3.0|I found the Tempest to be very difficult to read.  Even the introduction, which was not written by Shakespeare, was a hard read.  It took me hours to get through those 100 or so pages, though I am a fast reader.  The actual play was difficult because of the language and the complex line structure.  The plot was interesting, but it was hard to follow as I read.  I was forced to read a bit, then sit back and translate it.  The main theme of the novel was re-evaluation of the soul and reconciliation.
B00005JKGO|5.0|My favorite Fellini film, combining the brilliant kaleidescopic parading of faces that characterize his later films with the humanistic neorealism of his earlier work.  Told in a series of all-night parties that each end with the recognition of dawn, the movie tells the story of a tabloid writer who has risen to the top of his profession only to be dragged down because he can't find any sustaining meaning in the glitz and glamour.<br />But the story line, although more important here than in later Fellini films, is really just a device to put actors on the screen, and nobody does this better.  The cast is real reason to see this; Mastroianni in the role of his life, Anouk Aimee as a bored rich woman, and Anita Ekberg spilling out of her dress as an American actress are merely the most famous - every single performance, even by the most trivial of parts, is astounding and some of the best ever captured on film.  My personal favorite is the clown trumpet player with the balloons at the Cha-Cha Club - in the middle of his performance he flashes one quick look at Mastroianni that speaks volumes.<br />Unfortunately, the only version I have ever seen is in a standard screen ratio that is obviously badly panned - in a film this full of images there is almost more panning than actual camera movement going on, and still too much is happening off-screen.  This movie needs badly to be letterboxed and given a new subtitle translation - but in the meantime, even if you have to settle for the poor VHS version, just enjoy what we have, from the awesome set pieces like the chasing of the Madonna and the final party, to the amazing Nino Rota score and the haunting organ melody of &quot;Patricia&quot;.
B00003CX5P|5.0|Director George Lucas has been testing the great many fans of <BR>Star Wars patience by not releasing any of the films on DVD,but <BR>now giving into fans on Tuesday,October 16 2001,Star Wars:The <BR>Phantom Menace Episode 1 will be released.When a treaty signed <BR>with the trade federation and the republic is met with a harsh <BR>reaction Queen Amidalla(Natilie Portman),halts trade agreements<BR>and sends in two Jedi to investigate Qui Gon jen(Liam Neesom) ,<BR>and a very young Obi One Kenobi(Ewen McGregor)meanwhile they are<BR>attacked by droids and find out a secret plan of the federations<BR>to plan a full scale invasion.<br />   They pick up help along the way including one of r2d2 while <BR>escaping a second attack of the fedration they land on the planet<BR>Tatooine all the while the federation and Lord Sidius sends his <BR>most feared foe Darth Maul to hunt for them.On the planet they <BR>find a young boy named Anakin Skywalker:Luke's father who helps<BR>them out by joining a race , all the while the two jedi's are <BR>figuring out the mysterious Phantom Menace.<br />   <BR>   But not before an all out war with the trade federation , the <BR>planets future lies with Anakin Skywalker but will the federation<BR>destroy the republic , it eventually leads into a death duel for<BR>the two jedi's what will be the outcome seven deleted scenes and <BR>many interactive journeys seamlessly enhance this Star Wars DVD<BR>experience it's worth the wait.
B00003CWL6|5.0|i am amazed that this great film is liked by many.  In the past, i have noticed films like this one are passed up by the US people, as rude or seen as 'weird.'  Personally, i find it excellent.
0380788624|5.0|Three reasons you need to read this book: 1) Rich, fleshed-out characters with distinct motivations and traits - you will admire Goto Dengo as both a Nipponese soldier and as a corporate patriarch; 2) Humor - Stephenson does not pander to Tom Clancy readers with stone-faced patriots and static one-note antagonists, these characters actually screw up and laugh at themselves, while key plot points and twists will have you rolling on the floor; 3) Take-it-or-leave-it primer on the origins and development of modern cryptography - History Channel and National Geographic fans beware, you will be sucked helplessly into the intoxicating vortex of arcana. <br />One more reason if these aren't enough: Join an ever-shrinking clique of people who seek to understand recent world history, preserve its memories, and relate it to the present. You will want to visit every place Stephenson describes, in the hope that you might sense an echo of the atmosphere - 1940s or 1990s - or see one of these characters incarnate. I can still smell the diesel fumes inside the scuttled submarine. I shiver thinking about standing outside in the winter parting out the effects of a dead relative.<br />***Who will NOT like this book: T-crossers and i-dotters who loathe inventive structure and depth of imagery. You may note, many low-star reviews come from the pocket-protector old-school-IBM I-use-exactly-four-squares-of-toilet-tissue crowd, claiming geekhood as sole qualification to critique a veritable roller coaster of a tale that is about much more than just crypto or WWII.
B00005QIPH|3.0|the strokes...another victim of media hype.  the PR guy should have done some damgage control.  this album can never be a great album for me because of all the buzz around it.  my favorite albums have always been those that i've stumbled upon silently.  still, this is a strong 3 star album.  when i first heard 'barely legal', i felt a youthful excitement about ROCK.  that's something i haven't felt in a really long time.  pure fun.  the songs are catchy and as simple as a straight line from point a to b.  for the numerous gems in this brief album, i recommend it.
0141301155|5.0|I saw the &quot;Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory&quot; movie in the sixth grade and some time after, read the book.  The book is a treat.  As I read, I remembered how exciting the movie was and wondering if I'd ever write a children's story.  If you have only seen the movie, definitely get your hands on a copy of the book!  There were a number of changes made in the film.<br />Charlie and four other kids win a contest and the prize is a tour of Willy Wonka's Chocolate Factory.  The factory had been closed to the public for years.  Are the rumors about the factory and the mysterious Willy Wonka true? <br />Roald Dahl's love of children is reflected in &quot;Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.&quot;  The story moves fast and the excitement feels real.  It's fun to read about Charlie Bucket and the other characters.<br />As a children's book author, I highly recommend &quot;Charlie and the Chocolate Factory&quot; to kids and grown-ups.<br />Richard W. Carlson Jr., Children's Book Author
B000002UVX|5.0|I cannot add to the praise already rendered in adjacent reviews.  Machine Gun never fails to drive me to tears, especially now after 9/11.<br />Instead of a review, a suggestion.  There are 3 versions of the Filmore Machine Gun performances available on CD now (you Hendrix-philes know about these).<br />Put them back to back on a CD-R and listen to them consecutively without stopping.  Many say the BOG is the best.  Sequencing them may encourage debate.  I'm not sure any more which I like better.
B000002UUX|4.0|This album has mostly everything that a person would want in a metal album.  Good lyrics, great song structure, and piercing solos.  Out of all of these songs, I would say that &quot;Hangar 18&quot; and the title track are my personal favorites.  But this record demonstrates a lost art form in heavy metal today.  It doesn't have to be super heavy, with catchy riffs and guys screaming out words that mean nothing.  It just has to be crunchy, rough around the edges, and actually mean something.  We are so close to nuking one another right now that &quot;Rust in Peace&quot; may be fortelling the future, as did &quot;Holy Wars.&quot;  Overall, good listen for metalheads and rock fans alike.  Peope say this is a thrash record, and I beg to differ.  But that doesn't make it a bad album.  I really like this album and i prefer it well over my other 'Deth record, &quot;Countdown to Extinction.&quot;
1558908846|1.0|To be honest, I don't remember a lot about this movie, but everything I do remember is painful.  It's been years since the last time I saw it, and I've only seen it once (that was enough for a life time, trust me).  My friend recommended it to me just for laughs - it's that bad.  The settings are from taken straight from the pages of a bad comic book, which is understandable as it is based off a bad comic book.  The acting, well, if you want to call that acting, is pretty puerile.  Stallone's delivery of his lines come across as pathetic and laughable when they're supposed to be serious, like many of Schwarzenegger's lines.  The one thing Schwarzenegger has going for him is his dry wit works.  With Stallone's, there is nothing to admire on this one.<br />This B movie takes everything from superiour films (BLADE RUNNER, STAR WARS, TOTAL RECALL, etc) and then throws them into a very poorly conceived mixture which not only does it not gel it doesn't even leave much of an imprint in your mind, other than that of pain.  Everything about this movie is ludicrous and overdone, and the Amazon review of this hits the nail on the head.  For those looking for a good movie, look elsewhere.  For those looking for a gut-busting laugh at how bad movies can get, you've come to the right place. <br />P. S.  As for what the DVD adds, I'm not sure.  Whatever it is, it can't be good.  Who really cares about bonus features with the film's as bad as this?  It's just more time to waste when you could be doing something productive . . . like staring at potatoes or grooming your nose hairs.
0393317552|5.0|I'm an anthropology major and this book was an amazing summation of everything (and much more) that I have learned about Anthropology and people in all my years at college. I highly recommend it, it will Definately change your outlook on life and people. The book is written for scholars and laymen alike, anyone who has an interest in how humanity became how it is today should take a look at it, and you can all find it at your library as well because it won the Pulitzer Prize!  It is the history of the continents, ecological, biological and anthropological.  You will learn why the Native Americans didn't conquer Europe, why some people seemed to remain in the &quot;stone age,&quot; while others were experiencing the industrial revolution.  Why did some people develope a system of writing, why did some stay in groups of 100, instead of cities of thousands?  Was a male or a female the first farmer?  Did humans wipe out the mega fauna (huge animals like the mammoth and saber tooth tiger) when they colonized America?  Did this change thier history?  Why would it?  Read it, learn, see the world (and it's ethnicities) in a new light.
B000002UJQ|5.0|I'm probably going to kick myself for writing this review, as I still haven't really come to terms with this album and, in truth, quite unprepared to write this.  I've only had access to this album since October 6th, and one thing I've learned about Radiohead's OK COMPUTER is you won't get it the first time you listen to it.  <br />As for my own knowledge of Radiohead, it's pretty much zip, zero.  Indeed, I always thought they were just a one hit wonder band with &quot;Creep,&quot; a song which doesn't really do much for me.  I only found out about this album this year, and this discovery AMG.  Trying to get their other releases, but for now this is all I have.  I do know the title KID A is supposedly a reference to the first cloned human being, which York thinks already exists..<br />The simple fact is this: OK COMPUTER is a difficult record.  Lyrics dealing with technology stripping away your identity set to very layered and groundbreaking, innovative music does not make for easy listening.  This is an album you put in your CD player, hit player, and fifty three minutes later you wonder where in the world that came from.  To use a cliche, the sum is greater than its parts.  To fully appreciate OK COMPUTER, you need to listen to the whole thing, because, while every song on here (save for &quot;Fitter, Happier,&quot; which works in context of the album, but is not really a stand alone &quot;song&quot; of any sorts) is very strong, you don't get the full effect unless you listen to it straight through.  The album is one that demands your attention, and requires multiple listens to fully appreciate what is going on.  Like any great album (or wine for that matter), the more exposure you get to it the more you realise what a gem you have here.  The first time I listened to it I really didn't get it or why everyone thought OK COMPUTER was so great, but after a week of getting to know the album I'm (sort of) getting why everyone thinks this is so great.  <br />My favorite facet of this album, however, is the fact that it gave us conclusive proof that modern music can actually produce worthwhile art.  With music being dominated by flaccid and artistically inept bands whose sole goal is to get on the radio, it's nice to have a band out there like Radiohead doing something truly worthwhile with music.  <br />Another great thing about this album is that my own generation now posses an album for ourselves.  This album's outlook is molded from a viewpoint in which everywhere one looks technology is there, and indeed, the outlook does not know what life would be like without technology.  While there has been some sort of technology since the Industrial Revolution, life's firm basis and very conduct has never been so reliant on it as it does now.  This album could not have been made in the 1970s, or if it had, OK COMPUTER would be approached as a science fiction piece which turned out to be a prophecy.  And while other quintessential albums in the rock canon are often viewed with great respect, there is a distance between them and my generation's lives.  Sure, SGT. PEPPER revolutionized music and gave a legitimacy to rock that had otherwise been lacking, yet it really doesn't capture or feel nearly as relevant to our everyday lives as this does.<br />Now's the time for the obligatory Pink Floyd reference.  The closest relation OK COMPUTER has was released a full 24 years before this release hit the stores.  DARK SIDE OF THE MOON, Pink Floyd's best album, deals with modern life as no other album that I have heard does.  DARK SIDE shows us with deep morose the hollowness of modernity.  Being a Christian, I believe the answer to this hollowness is Jesus Christ.  Do with that as you will.  <br />OK COMPUTER does likewise, with this same theme updated too the 1990s and firmly rooted in the technology driven society we now find ourselves in.  Both bands make their prospective albums relevant to our lives by communicating what we all feel inside.Both albums are tremendously popular.  The paranoia, fear of losing your identity, the absolute bucking of letting technology strip away humanity, and the desire to be made more human is why this album became such a success.  <br />Musically complex, lyrically thematic of searching for something higher, this album was destined to be a classic, and shows us why Radiohead stands as one of rock's most creative bands.<br />Mike London.<br />P. S.  It is not for anything that there is a Douglas Adams reference on OK COMPUTER.  The title of one of my favorite songs on the album, &quot;Paranoid Android,&quot; is taken from HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY, a book that deals with trying to discover the meaning of the universe.  Adams was a &quot;radical atheist,&quot; and HITCHHIKER clearly portrays that.  It also explores the essential meaningless of life and tries to come up with a solution to a life without God.  After having experienced Adams' stories for myself, my own conclusion is this: I'd much rather believe in a God and it prove to be a fraud than live in a universe such as the one portrayed by Adams.  With no God, there is no purpose, no meaning to life.  HITCHHIKER shows us this quite clearly, and for myself Adams shows the utter hopelessness of life.  OK COMPUTER in an assured manner that humanity will prevail while acknowledging the pain we feel. <br />P. P. S.  The other essential 1990s album is AUTOMATIC FOR THE PEOPLE, by REM.<br />P. P. P. S.  &quot;Subterranean Homesick Alien,&quot; for those who don't know (which will be few) is a reference to Bob Dylan.  As for album of the year, OK COMPUTER is more deserving of that honour than TIME OUT OF MIND.
B00005OAIE|5.0|The man can sing, the man can rock the guitar...but the best part of this whole cd are the lyrics. Unbelievable heart and soul are in this guy's words...you feel at once enamored and sentimental...they're romantic, they're real, they're emotional...and the passion in his voice gets his point across. If you don't have this cd, BUY IT. Period. There is not another like John Mayer.
B000002P2V|5.0|I'm going to go out on a limb here and say WHO ARE YOU stands as on of The Who's best albums and one of my personal favorites.  The first real Who album (not counting WHO'S BETTER, WHO'S BEST) I ever heard was WHO ARE YOU, a tape I bought back in 1997 at a pawn shop.  (I also bought WHO'S BETTER at the same pawn shop).  I immediately fell in love with it.<br />Another statement I'm probably going to catch a lot of flack for is that I found this much easier to really \\"dig\\" than that esteemed classic, WHO'S NEXT.  While WHO'S NEXT has three perennial classics which this album has nothing on (Baba, Behind Blue Eyes, Won't Get Fooled Again), I found myself returning to this more than WHO'S NEXT.  As time progresses, I can more fully appreciate WHO'S NEXT, although I still think that had been \\"Pure and Easy,\\" and \\"Too Much of Anything\\" been included it would have been a stronger album.  Another thing WHO'S NEXT has going for it is the aborted LIFEHOUSE project, but that is neither here nor there.  Although I'm coming to the conclusion WHO'S NEXT is better, it took some time.<br />As for my relationship to The Who, I find it hard to get enthusiastic about their early, punkish material.  While I think all the early tracks that always get anthologised are excellent cuts (Substitute, Kids are Alright, etc), their other stuff I'm not that thrilled about.  But then again, I find it hard to really like LONDON CALLING by The Clash either.  Just not my type of music.  So it's only natural I prefer The Who's later work to their early stuff, and as this is a personal bias I must admit it.<br />Thematically, WHO ARE YOU is an album about trying to revitalise one's art. No less than five songs are about the music industry (I'm including the title cut, as it was written about punk not acknowledging The Who as a band or as an influence).  \\"New Song\\" is one of the most cynical jibes I've heard against the music industry, and, to prove its point, makes some references to QUADROPHENIA's closing track, \\"Love Reign O'er Me.\\"   \\"Music Must Change,\\" with its rather generic sounding chord changes, uses this facet to make a point.  \\"Sister Disco\\" and \\"Guitar and Pen\\" continue this theme.  \\"Guitar and Pen,\\" is one of the best explorations of the creative process I've heard, as a previous reviewer also noted.  \\"Love is Coming Down,\\" sounds suspiciously like \\"See Me, Feel Me.\\"  <br />Another interesting thing about this is it has three cuts from Entwhistle, which had not happened for some time.  \\"905\\" is a little SF story, having some great quotes in it.  \\"Trick of the Light,\\" deals with a man's visit to a prostitute and how paranoid the man is about it (this also shows, to me, anyway, why this type of sex is meaningless in the first place.  Sex is for intimacy, and this type you don't know the person to begin with).  \\"Had Enough,\\" deals with a man burning all his bridges.<br />What makes The Who a good band is this: they use what could otherwise be criticised as the band just recycling the same ideas is they are using this facet of this particular album for an effect.  They are at an artistic crossroads.  Townshend is trying to make his music mean something, and this album documents that struggle.  Because this is obvious, WHO ARE YOU becomes much more accomplished as it acknowledges this struggle rather than tries to pass it off for a collection of \\"new songs.\\"  These critics mistake these effects as legitimate weaknesses and slam this album, which is sad indeed.<br />As a result, WHO ARE YOU stands as one of The Who's essential albums.  It's a picture of the band attempting to make music relevant to culture, and the failures often cited against this album are used to demonstrate what is wrong with music as perceived by Townshend.  Townshend's saying the fight to stay artistically viable will not be easy, but it is possible.  <br />Overall, the album feels tired and sluggish, and yet somehow this music never fails to excite me.  The album raises from beingflawed to being an artistic accomplishment.  <br />Unfortunately, after this album Moon died and The Who went downhill.  But from the original quartet, you couldn't ask for a better swan song.<br />Mike London<br />P. S.  Keith's sitting in a chair that says \\"Not to be taken away.\\"  This fact is now clothed in eerie premonition, as he died shortly thereafter.<br />P. P. S.  Like Dylan's EMPIRE BURLESQUE, this is given a five star rating to balance out the poor ratings, but in truth I'd give it 4 &amp; 1/2 stars.
B000007O9L|5.0|I have an australian copy of this. track 15 (unlisted) is a live version of BLACK LIMOUSINE - Only available on cd single : Like A Rolling Stone. A nice bonus. Its a pity tracks included on cd single of Wild Horses were left off Stripped : Gimme Shelter, Live With Me &amp; Tumblin'Dice. The ultimate package would have been a double cd : disc 1 - live on stage / disc 2 - rehearsal recordings . Stripped is very satisfying to return to time &amp; time again unlike Still Life ,Security &amp; Flashpoint. Buy It.
B0000025GW|4.0|Of Dylan's three Christian albums, ascetically this is the best.  SAVED is flat and has too clich to have any true impact for the listener.  SHOT OF LOVE, while having some brilliant moments (although, unfortunately, most of the brilliant moments were left OFF that particular album), never really fully gelled to the vision Dylan seemed to want to take it.  SHOT OF LOVE filled like it was supposed to be a Christian pop album, merging the best of both art forms into a cohesive whole.  When it worked, it really worked (\\"Every Grain of Sand.\\")  When it didn't, SHOT OF LOVE just sinks.<br />And what of SLOW TRAIN COMING?  Well, like SHOT OF LOVE, only half of this record truly gels into truly great material.  The first four songs on Side 1 start the album really strong.  Judging from the momentum these songs have, SLOW TRAIN COMING should have a really strong finish, and would have been one of his best albums.  Sadly, Dylan stalls halfway through the album and as a result SLOW TRAIN COMING is greatly weakened.  The rest of the album becomes craftsmanship instead of art.<br />That, perhaps, is the best identifier for SLOW TRAIN COMING.  Dylan's obviously focused on these tracks, and you can tell he wants the album to have a contemporary sound (hence Knopler and his gang).  The first four tracks show's Dylan's brilliance in a Christian context.  The remaining five show Dylan in a focused, workman-like determination to come up with a collection of songs that reflect his new found faith.  While there's nothing particularly wrong with these tracks, there's nothing particularly right with them either.  <br />Instead of placing the highlights throughout the album, as he did with STREET-LEGAL and SHOT OF LOVE, Dylan chose to put all the good stuff at the beginning.  Perhaps the reason for this is to win sympathy for the album and to carry the record through to the end, but for this listener I just want to push stop and eject after the first four tracks have gone by.  The listening frustration is more intense on SLOW TRAIN COMING because of this fact.  When Dylan strikes gold, he really hits it big time.  The rest just appear as songs that anyone could have written, and sometimes the dogma makes for rather odd songs (\\"Man Gave Names To All The Animals\\").  \\"Man\\" is the most interesting track off the second side and that is because it's so strange and musically it's reggae.  Other than that, while Dylan's commitment to his faith and his desire to channel this faith into his art is indeed an admirable cause, in the end there's only about a side here worth really looking at.  The rest are good, just a long way from the brilliance of the first four cuts.  <br />As the first album in the Christian Trilogy, it is the best.  The contrast between the brilliant tracks and the just so tracks becomes much more apparent in SHOT OF LOVE than SLOW TRAIN COMING.  The worst material on here still stands as serviceable tracks, just not brilliant tracks.  SHOT OF LOVE, however, is cluttered with material that just barely makes the cut ascetically, yet the brilliant stuff of that album is even better than the first four songs here, so the extremes are more fully realised on SHOT OF LOVE than on SLOW TRAIN COMING.  As for \\"Every Grain of Sand,\\" nothing here matches that, but that is only one song and one song cannot make an album (listen to \\"In-a-Gadda-Da-Vida\\" for proof).  We won't even talk about SAVED.<br /> In relation to STREET-LEGAL, this album seemed to be a natural progression.  Dylan is always one for trying something different and new.  Lyrically, there are cuts on STREET-LEGAL is on rival with the best of his 1960s material.  The last cut (\\"Where are You Tonight? (Journey Through Dark Heat)\\") shows Dylan struggling to find something in his life worth caring about.  Here is the answer to that question.<br />Bottom line:  Dylan getting religion, while spiritually the most important thing a person can do, only results in fair material with some brilliant moments.  Of his three Christian albums, this is the one to get.  Just like his three longer albums (BLONDE ON BLONDE, SELF-PORTRAIT, and TIME OUT OF MIND), the middle one in this trilogy is an absolute disaster area.  Get SLOW TRAIN COMING, then SHOT OF LOVE, and if you really feel you need to own SAVED, well, go ahead.  Don't say I didn't warn you though.<br />Mike London<br />P. S.  They should have included the outtake \\"Ye Shall Be Changed,\\" a very good song that would have helped this release out.  It's on THE BOOTLEG SERES VOL 1-3.
B000001GAO|5.0|I have always loved the Requiem. This CD does not dissapoint.  It is wonderful for those of us that have loved his music for years or those that are just starting.
B000002L1L|1.0|I gave this CD away.  It was pure... and had little resemblance to the DP of old.  Whoever said this album should not have been made was right.<br />I got it free through a CD club...sure glad I didn'y buy it.
B00003CX9E|5.0|And mine as well. <BR>With audacity and flair, this film still burns the brightest. Many have tried to imitate Kane, but no go. Citizen Kane has everything. AND, it's fun, too. <BR>Make sure you pay attention to Agnes Moorehead, as his Mother. A great example of brevity and depth. A great actress, greatly over-looked.
6305278016|3.0|While the movie is pretty good overall - the best part is that there is some great action in it. My buddies and and I always slow-mo the scene with the motorcycle and the sword - if you've seen the movie you know what I mean and if you haven't I can't ruin it for you!
0780020693|5.0|One of Fellini's greatest. Certainly his funniest. Warm, nostalgic, absurd, wonderful, the film observes a small Italian town during the German Occupation. It is humanistic to it's core, knowing and loving. In my top ten. This week, anyway.<BR>Ha.
6305622825|4.0|I mean come on, Sean Connery has played just about every part,  noble and righteous kings, always get the girl Bond, James Bond, and an ex-con called upon to break into Alcatraz to save the planet and many more.  Now Mr. Connery gets to act with one of the most beautiful actresses in our day.  Catherine Zeta Jones (The Mask of Zorro, The Haunting) is a professional thief, being masked by a professional job working for an insurance company.  When Virginia (Jones) is sent to hunt down a stolen painting we discover her as the thief.  'Gin' goes to the home of Robert MacDougal 'Mac' (Connery) to help her pull off the thieving job of the century.  <br />What starts out as a business relationship soon turns into a physical attraction to each other, hence Connery being lucky.  Although the story line and plot are not very thrilling, Connery and Jones make it a worthwhile show, maybe not to own, but definatley to watch.
074322454X|4.0|although i like fictions, i liked this book.
B00004XPP0|5.0|Perhaps the only movies to that will succesfully make sequels and prequels totalling six.  That is is impressive in itself, but director George Lucas is going to make it work.  <br />The last three of a six movie long story tells the story of Luke Skywalker, a young man with an unbelievable destiny.  Episode IV: A new hope, begins with the display of domination in the galaxy by the Empire, as they attack a diplomatic mission.  It is the introduction of Darth Vader, the bad guy, as he shows is physical and mental strength over those who have no power and control over 'the force'.  Episode IV shows the upbringing of Luke Skywalker and the beginning of his training in 'the force'. <br />Episode V shows that although a major setback to the Empire, the rebel alliance has not destroyed the tyrannical domination of Darth Vader and his master known simply as 'The Emperor'.  Also in Episode V, Darth Vader reveals a secret that shocked moviegoers.<br />Episode VI shows the rebuilding attempts of the empire, Luke shows his newly developed abilities as he begins to develop as a young Jedi master.  In this final and gripping finale, Luke comes face to face with the emperor as the struggle between good and evil is taken to the climactical finish.
B00004XQP4|3.0|Lady's and gentlemen, with the lures of money, it is hard not to sell out. With that said, Green Day, like many a great band, has sold out. I think I heard two electric gitaurs on the whole album. The only worthwhile songs, debateably even, is Minority. What happened to the witty, funny lyrics? And Tre Cool's drumming talent seems to have deteriorated since Insomniac, I don't know how. I just want to scream \\"No! No! This ... is not Green Day!\\" However, if it were under a different band name, I would not object to it, besides not much lyrical depth. Accordians, harmonicas and church organs are not what Green Day should be, but the music, if not under the band name, would get 4 stars.
B000002UAU|5.0|I'm not going to wax poetic about the greatness of &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot;, because that would be redundant.<br />I'm just going to direct your attention to the &quot;Mr. Kite&quot; lyric reprinted at the end of the little booklet that comes with the CD, shown above in this review's title.<br />So far, every time I've listened to it, I've yet to come away feeling that the album is anything less than &quot;splendid&quot;.  <br />A good buy, even if you don't care about the history of rock.
1878424114|5.0|Simply put, this book changed my life. I was never into new age readings or practices but everything Chopra says makes simple sense. Once I began to practice the 7 habits, my life began to change. I am now exceptionally happy most of the time and truly live my life with joy and purity and abundance...by the time I looked at the Dalai Lama's Art of Happiness book I was like there's nothing new here; I already knew all of this. If there are any areas of your life you would to improve, I recommend this book.
B00005B36H|3.0|I am going to be honest: I think this album is overrated. After hearing it a few times, I am convinced that this band, like so many others, is a success because of MTV, although not in the usual way. I say this because MTV holds up Tool as the band you're supposed to like if you don't like the stuff on TRL. However, I found enjoying this album to be difficult because of the extremely cryptic quality of the music.<br />Note that I said &quot;music&quot;, not &quot;lyrics&quot;. I can listen to cryptic lyrics very easily if the music conveys a definate emotion, but many of the tracks left me with no emotion at all, or a feeling of confusion. At least when I hear *N SYNC I sometimes find myself enjoying the music, even if I can't stand the sugarcoated lyrics.<br />Of course, this is far from he worst album of the year, after several listens, in fact, it is actually half-decent, and I did find myself enjoying &quot;Parabol&quot; and &quot;Parabola&quot;. Unfortunately, I found the remainder of the album to be about as accessible as &quot;Finnegan's Wake&quot; (which, in case you're confused, is not an album, but the world's screwiest book).<br />All in all, I'd give it 3 1/2 stars if I could. I tried to be open, but &quot;Lateralus&quot; just didn't live up to the hype.
B000003CKH|5.0|This is the kind of CD that gets better every time you hear it.  Although I'm not sure if I understand what the meaning of all the lyrics are, the beat that this CD produces is phenomenal.  The use of the trumpet along with this funky bass-line is something that I just don't tire of.  I highly recommmend this album.
B000059MEK|5.0|As is noted in many reviews, Daft Punk's &quot;Discovery&quot; is worth buying simply for the music.  However, you can appreciate this album even more when you realize that &quot;Discovery&quot; is a concept album.<br />I base this claim on the fact that the story told in the music videos appeared to be abruptly cut off after the fourth track.  But if you listen to the album with a little imagination, you can piece together the rest of the story: for example, &quot;Voyager&quot; could easily be interpreted as the band's escape. (Granted, if you haven't seen the music videos, this idea probably wouldn't have come to you, but I started assuming it was a concept album after seeing just the first two videos on MTV2.)<br />Even if you think the preceeding paragraph was totally nuts, &quot;Discovery&quot; is still one of the most well-crafted electronica albums available.
B000059TPN|5.0|This movie is the bomb and if you want to test your system to the fullest this is the one...
B00005Q45W|4.0|Stripped down to its essentials, this album of &quot;Ten New Songs&quot; shows Leonard Cohen at his most austere and brilliant, with work that shines brightly as poems set to simple melodies, but which do not always succeed as music.<br />Overall, however, there is little not to like here. Although I loved the background vocals of Perla Batella on Cohen's earlier records, Sharon Robinson does a great job of crooning harmonies with the monotoned artist, and her production of these tunes is nothing short of magnificent. The whole thing has a rich, full, disciplined yet leisurely sound that manages to seem precise and somehow loose at the same time.<BR> <BR>Some have criticized the instrumentation and singing on this album, but such carping really is unjustified. After all, no one listens to Bob Dylan or Townes Van Zandt for the quality of their croaking out lyrics or the tunes they play. It is the words that matter, and on &quot;Ten New Songs&quot; Cohen proves that he is easily in their league as a writer. And it is oddly appropriate that these tracks are very different from the almost weird optimism of &quot;Closing Time&quot; and &quot;Democracy&quot; on &quot;The Future&quot; when it was released in 1992. Nine years later and into the 21st century, Cohen appears to be in a more reflective mood. The change is indeed welcome. Especially under the current circumstances, with the nation now at war and in a recession, a bit of thoughtful perspective is not only instructive but a relief as well. As the man says, &quot;May the lights in the land of plenty shine on the truth someday.&quot;<br />For what it's worth, I believe that the best tracks on this record are &quot;Alexandra Leaving,&quot; &quot;In My Secret Life,&quot; &quot;That Don't Make It Junk,&quot; &quot;You Have Loved Enough,&quot; and of course the tune quoted above. &quot;Love Itself&quot; is good, too. On the other hand, &quot;A Thousand Kisses Deep&quot; came across as a retread of &quot;Waiting For A Miracle To Come,&quot; and &quot;Boogie Street&quot; and &quot;By The Rivers Dark&quot; strained for originality as they tried to capture the alternately buoyant and depressed beat in their creator's apparent heart of darkness.<br />Those are minor complaints, however. In general, these &quot;Ten New Songs&quot; were worth waiting almost a decade for, and 20 or 30 years from now, when no one can remember Britney Spears or J-Lo, this is the music that people will play as an archive of how they could find contentment and peace even in an autumn of fear. For that reason alone, you should give the new Leonard Cohen album a spin. As long as you do not expect a toe-tapping series of catchy pop tunes, there should be something here that you will enjoy. Yes, maybe it is a little too serious in places, but it also combines a cynical dry, world-weary sense of humor with a soothing tenderness that is all too rare in this strange day and age. Relax, and grok the fullness. ...
0345350472|2.0|The first 1/3 of this book was very intresting to me and really kept me in it, as the foundations of the story were laid. It slowed down though when Deckard met up with his first android target. The next 2/3 of the book had interesting ponderings and the quest for the answers by Deckard,but the action in the book was a big let down.<BR>  Most action parts were covered in one confusing sentence that left me with a, &quot;What happened?&quot;. The action in the book also seemed to be spaced a bit strangely also. Overall, an okay book, but somewhat of a let down.
6301942647|5.0|To better experience Kurosawa's best film, it helps to understand the context in which the script was written. To many Japanese people, either because of their Buddhist or Shintoist religion, or because of the many childhood stories they have heard, the world is alive with spirits. These spirits could be described as angels by the Christian ethic, but much better as jin by the Muslim ethic. Jin describes them better because jin are not necessarily good or bad. Similarly, kami are spirits which could be good or bad depending on the situation.<br />Virtually every one of the individual dreams in the movie has these spirits. Understanding that what you are seeing on the screen is not supposed to be a person -- it is supposed to represent a spirit helps empower the film. In some segments, it is obviously -- the storm woman from the dream on the mountain is clearly not human. But in the peach orchard, realizing that the girl never was intended to be human -- she represents the spirits of the peach trees -- both in an individual sense in that she could be one peach tree and in a universal sense in that she represents all peach trees everywhere or the idea of peach trees in the abstract.<br />Historic Guilt:<br />The extreme amount of guilt that Japan as a nation felt after WWII is expressed in the tunnel. This extreme guilt may be hard for some non-Japanese to believe because the Japanese government has not made as many public statements as other nations, such as Germany or even the Catholic church about the Christian Crusades. The Japanese sense of guilt is a powerfully internal event that can not be discussed openly. Seen in this light, the tunnel dream is overwhelmingly powerful.<br />There are no Mountains with Mercy:<br />In any given year between six and 18 mountaineers die in the extreme wilderness of the Japan Alps. Few people associate Japan with extreme mountaineering. The Alps are relatively short -- 3,000 meters mostly, but the construction of the mountains is rugged, sharp towering walls of granite -- formed by volcanic action and showered down upon by more than 100 inches of precipitation annually. Winter mountaineering is very dangerous and avalanches or whiteout snow storms are an ever-present threat. For Japanese, having grown up with the news reports of teams lost while climbing, the dream on the storm could well be a personally touching segment.<br />It's hard to export Dreams, because this movie is so heavily endowed with cultural references. It is nonetheless a remarkably beautiful dream.rugged, sharp towering walls of granite -- formed by volcanic action and showered down upon by more than 100 inches of precipitation annually. Winter mountaineering is very dangerous and avalanches or whiteout snow storms are an ever-present threat. For Japanese, having grown up with the news reports of teams lost while climbing, the dream on the storm could well be a personally touching segment.<br />It's hard to export Dreams, because this movie is so heavily endowed with cultural references. It is nonetheless a remarkably beautiful dream.
0871137380|5.0|Black Hawk Down combines action, suspense, danger and superbly documented history.
B000002KHY|5.0|This CD is now the favorite of my 3-year-old son.  After first buying this as an &quot;album&quot; in the late 70's, I recently replaced it with the CD format.  Now &quot;Grumma-grumma&quot; is the most requested song of my youngest son (Handy Man - if you've heard it, you'll get it)!
0380973464|5.0|... This is as clever and as detailed as<br />it gets in modern fiction! Not since Umberto Eco's<br />\\"Name of the Rose\\" have I found a book that so seamlessly<br /> interlaces concepts both abstract and prosaic, with events historical.<br /> The wealth of detail is \\"boring\\" only if you<br />are, for some reason, unable to enjoy the adventure of exploring<br />so many tangents of thought opened to the reader by such<br />a panopoly of ideas. Everything from Randy's wisdom tooth<br />odyssey to the high finance shenanigans of the fledgling<br />\\"datacrypt\\" company is there for a reason. What other book<br />has found a way to plot the mathematics of horny single guys<br />in a such socially reponsible way? Complete with graphs yet!<br />This is a book that revels in the chaos that is modern life<br />while methodically linking cause and effect.
068484267X|5.0|Mr. McCourt describes his life in Limerick, Ireland. WOW! What a book. His story is incredible and really demonstrates the true greatness of the human spirit. A MUST READ!
B00005K3GS|1.0|While the music on this, Modjo's follow-up album. is certainly well-produced and flows smoothly, it seems to be an attempt to revisit a late 1970s discotheque - a disappointing lack of innovation or interest. My recommendation: buy the stellar &quot;Lady&quot; single EP, skip this album.
B00005O5N1|3.0|Hugh Grand looks like a much better kisser than Colin Firth, though I am a fan of the latter...
B00000255F|5.0|Bruce was never better than on this classic album. His raging, ragged, sumptious Jersey sound came to complete fruition here, and it closes the first and most interesting part of his career. Bruce fused the Spectorian Wall of Sound with Dylanesque story-songs about shallow youth trapped in a poetic nightmare.<br />The energy and invention in this album are stunning. Few artists have managed to translate their vision so completely as did Springsteen in 1975. Born in the turmoil of hype, management changes, lawsuits, and Bruce's learning curve, Born To Run is as much a statement of intention as it a collection of songs.<br />The E Street Band was always a good playing unit, but BTR saw their demise as an experimental band. The most talented of Springsteen's sideman, David Sancious, had decided to leave for a solo career, and as a result Springsteen's music lost a lot of its energy. There is no coincidence that the two best cuts on the album, and the two best songs Springsteen ever recorded, &quot;Born to Run,&quot; and &quot;Thunder Road&quot; had Sancious on keyboards and Earnest Carter on drums. Consider the loss of Sancious: Springsteen had to replace him with two mediocre keyboardists and never returned to sheet exuberance and complexity of BTR.<br />This is an album of its time; it has a lot in common with both Bob Dylan and with Yes, believe or not. Listen to BTR with Highway 61 and Fragile and you'll see what I mean.<br />The Boss went on to other venues, bigger (and stupider) hits, but he stopped growing here.<br />Get this music and you'll drive all night.
B00005O5N1|3.0|I might have had too high expectation after reading the two books and the reviews on the movie, before I saw it.  Completely on the other side of one of the other reviewers, I loved Bridget Jones in the books: I knew more of what she was thinking, than what she might appear before crowds of people.  It didn't matter if she was smart or beautiful, she was funny, sometimes even absurd, she drank alot, smoke a lot, very obbessed witht her weight, didn't have many interests. not quite diciplined.  But whatever she truly was, I loved her (biblically, since I am a woman).  <BR>I had been waiting impatiently for the movie to come along on videos ( I had missed te theatre season).  I can't say I was disappointed, but it was certainly not as satisfying as I thought.  Bridget appeared fatter than I thought- she was around 130 in the books but about 140 in the movie. She seemed rather slow reacting to insults (from the smug married).  She was an awful cook, not capable of cooking even for only 4 people!(in the book there were at least 12 people at the dinner). <BR>I love Bridget Jones, but I am confused: what do I love her for?
6304233639|5.0|This is a great film that has lots of action &amp; thought provoking scenes to bring up all your patriotic feelings. It's also great to see Will Smith and Bill Pullman who are both great actors! You'll enjoy this movie &amp; watch it over and over!
0767817664|4.0|Young Charley Brewster discovers that a murderous vampire has moved in next door, but his mom, his girlfriend Amy, and his kooky friend Evil Ed don't believe him.  To convince Charley that he is in error, Amy and Evil Ed hire the late-night TV horror host, Peter Vincent, to subject the purported vampire to &quot;the test.&quot;  But once the motley troupe enter the vampire's lair, the FRIGHT NIGHT truly begins.<br />Despite a predominately youthful cast, this is definitely not the average cookie-cutter teen horror flick.  Writer-Director Tom Holland's boy-who-cried-wolf script is both humorous and scary, and he has ingeniously employed all the typical conventions of the vampire sub-genre in fresh and interesting ways that sidestep the cliche.  This, combined with outstanding special effects and top-notch performances, helps rank FRIGHT NIGHT among the cinematic vampire classics.<br />The acting is excellent.  The three younger principals-William Ragsdale as Charley, Amanda Bearse as Amy, and Stephen Geoffreys as Evil Ed-all deliver their roles with an honesty few young actors can achieve, and they are therefore quite convincing as teenagers facing a horrific situation.  But it is Chris Sarandon and Roddy McDowall that truly carry the film.  As the vampire neighbor Jerry Dandrige, Sarandon is at times flippant and at other times downright terrifying.  He knows just when to play it straight and when to be a ham, and he never misses a beat.  And veteran thespian Roddy McDowall is perfectly cast as ersatz vampire hunter Peter Vincent.  He handles his character's shift from Shakespearean bravado to whimpering cowardice (and back!) so deftly that his performance is nothing less than a sheer joy to watch.<br />The bulk of the special effects, and therefore the biggest shocks, come during the last third of the film.  But that doesn't mean that the first part of the film isn't scary.  Even in the lighter moments, Writer-Director Holland maintains a spooky atmosphere throughout, and he is helped in this by Sarandon's smarmy vampirish charm and by Ragsdale's convincing depiction of a young man spiraling into the pit of abject fear.<br />The DVD version of FRIGHT NIGHT doesn't have a lot of extras, but it's still well worth the cost.  To quote the trailer: &quot;If you love being scared, this could be the night of your life!&quot;ut, and he is helped in this by Sarandon's smarmy vampirish charm and by Ragsdale's convincing depiction of a young man spiraling into the pit of abject fear.<br />The DVD version of FRIGHT NIGHT doesn't have a lot of extras, but it's still well worth the cost.  To quote the trailer: &quot;If you love being scared, this could be the night of your life!&quot;
B00000JGEI|5.0|If you love Arnold Schwarzenegger you'll love him in this film. Lots of action will keep you on the edge of your seat while you enjoy the movie. The special effects are really cool too! Enjoy!
B00003CXAA|3.0|I am disapointed:<BR>1.  Many scenes have been deleted from the original Goddfather   movies.<BR>2.  Why was this not available in a wide screen format.<BR>3.  I know John Cazale passed away some years ago and was not available for interviews.  But surely there were some out-takes of conversations with John that could have been included.<BR>4.  I was looking forward to this collection. I am sorry I purchased it and if I could get a refund, I would quickly return the collection.
B00000ILE7|5.0|This film is well done with lots of action, special effects and great acting. Signourney Weaver &amp; Winona Ryder do a good job of keeping things real and intense. If you enjoy the Alien series you'll like this film.
B00003CXAA|5.0|After having watched the first film, I have to say that it is the best drama I have ever seen.  It is structured like a long epic, chronicling the important events to the Corleones:  the fall and rise of Vito and the family, Michael's integration into the business, and his eventual take over and relocation of the family.  With all this, it still manages to have a very subjective feel to it, keeping very close to the characters, specifically Michael and the Don, throughout the entire movie.  What may be decieving is that the last hour of the movie, as opposed to the first 2, takes place over a much more extended period of time.  It's &quot;strictly business&quot; and may be offsetting to some, but it has such powerful scenes, such as the Vito and Michael talking, Michael confronting Carlo, and the entire end sequence, that you can't dislike it.  And looking back on the entire movie, and trilogy, you come to realize that the Godfather is really a saga of a family and its business over a period of many years whose last hour is a fantastic lead up to the ending, and, ultimately, Part II.
0060920084|3.0|Bryson's book is full of fun observations, though some are a bit dated, taking place 15 years ago. But he turns a cynical eye on the american highways and byways and is not afraid to tell it like he see it. Having lived in England for years, yet having grown up in the midwest, he brings a certain inside-outsider view on things. But as other reviewers have pointed out, he can get a bit cranky. Part of it, yes, can be attributed to the fact that the country of ourse is so vast, and what we are used to in our area may be very different from other areas and lifestyles - witness the differences between cities and the Montana / Dakotas that he writes about.<br />I'm a bit disappointed also that a lot of his writing is not about what he saw or how it made him feel but rather was &quot;I saw A, then drove to B&quot; and so on. Still, there were many times when he put observations together and made me laugh out loud. I guess part of my feelings is that the book was uneven. He writes of trying to find the Sequoia tree that you can drive through, and upon figuring that it was in northern rather than central California, he just turns it into another whine and complaint. He was let down from perception not meshing with reality, but he really had no one to blame for this, hence he just is pissy.<br />Overall - Light. Frothy. Enjoyable reading definitely. A good chance for those of us who are in one area to see under the veneer of the rest of the country.
B00001NFCY|5.0|We get music from Creed.....though this band is thought to be preaching Christianity and other stuff....I feel all they talk bout is good morals and personal experiences of life...<BR>Bout their music......<BR>This band has recieved criticism for being Pearl Jam rip offs....which I think is b.s...<BR>There music is amazingly mindblowing and this CD is probably one of the best of all time....<BR>Stapp is an amzing singer aided with one of the best guitarist's around in Tremmonti<BR>For all Rock fans....U HAVE TO HAVE THIS ALBUM<BR>trust me you'll never regret it<BR>I just wish i could give them more than 5 stars...coz they deserve much much more.
B00000I1OY|4.0|I came accross this film on TCM one evening.  The scene was Burt Lancaster walking to a pool and diving in for a swim.  This was early in the film, and I started poking fun at what I thought would be a corny film, with no intention of watching the rest of it.  An hour and a half later my wife and I sat watching the final scene, absolutely captivated by this film.  Like some other reviewers, I can't begin to recount the complexities of this film.   Definitely worth viewing.
B00000IPAX|4.0|Blink 182's special brand of \\"party-punk\\" has always had a \\"poppy\\" sound. This is not neccesarily a bad thing, and the guys know what they are doing. Songs like Whats My Age Again, All the Small Things and Adams Song all have a good and catchy tune to them, and the album is very radiofriendly. The album as whole is a good effort, even though the word \\"sellout\\" have been used alot. Whether or not Blink 182 are sellouts is not really for me to say, I don't notice any real difference between Enema of the Stae and Dude Ranch, not musicaly anyway. For old Blink 182 fans this will be a good album, I doubt anyone will be disapointed, unless they're biased by the \\"sellout\\" screams.
B00003CX5P|5.0|I find it funny how many people bash this movie because it didn't live up to their childhood fantasies.  As if Mr. Lucas had driven over to your house and run over your dog to spite you on purpose.  Have any of you considered for a second that YOU have changed over the years and NOT the idea of what makes the Star Wars series such fun entertainment?  Probably not.  I also find it funny that all the Episode I and Lucas bashers are also the ones first in line to buy this DVD.  Gee, you must not hate it THAT much then!  It leads me to believe that these people need to bash on something, anything, to make themselves feel secure and important.  And to bash on a simple piece of entertainment to feel this way is even more pathetic than normal.  Face it, whether you hated it or not, deep down you enjoyed the movie, you are all Jar Jar lovers at heart...that's why this DVD is going to sell a bazzillion copies.  BTW, the DVD is one of the best ever produced...if you've got the hardware to take advantage of it.
B000002MP2|3.0|Green Days sudden rise into mainstream, came as quite a surprise. Kids who untill recently listened to Oasis and Blur started to listen to this \\"punky\\" music. Alternative music was suddenly popular(I know this is a contradictionary statement). The album is wellproduced, by Jerry Finn who ususaly always hits the mark.<BR>Green Day helped to create the great interest for punk that came in the mid 90's and they did so with a charm, even if the attitudes seemed a little hollow.<BR>Dookie is an entertaining album. There is nothing new under the sun, but it is wellproduced, wellplayed and generally well-written. Chances are, if you like Offspring, you will also like this.
B000000WG4|5.0|Even after all these years, Mike Oldfield's 1973 album Tubular Bells is tough to nail down. New age? Progressive rock? Let's just call it Tubular Bells - it remains unique to this day. Oldfield plays all the instruments on this recording, which consists of two 25-minute pieces. Neither of these demonstrates any astonishing instrumental ability, but Oldfield's skill lies not in chops but his ingenuity as a composer. Oldfield arranged everything in a way that the myriad instruments work well collectively like an orchestra, although no instrumental ingredient goes unnoticed. While it takes several listens to grasp its depth, soon you begin to appreciate how all the instruments (pianos, guitars, percussion, and more) blend to create eccentric melodies, dynamic rhythms, and excitable tones. The culmination of &quot;Part I&quot; is when the eponymous tubular bells arrest one's attention with their dominating peal. I think &quot;Part II&quot; is more interesting musically, with better melodic progressions and flow. There's a &quot;vocal&quot; part where the caveman vocals alternate with fluffy guitar riffs. It's charming in a weird kind of way, you know? You should also know that this is an outstanding work of music that no one should be without.
B00000I07Q|3.0|Bon Jovi, always tried to be the harder part of pop. With his good looks and macho-yet-soft attitude, he was a sure hit with the women. <BR>The guy does have a knack for creating catchy lyrics though, and New Jersey represents the best from Bon Jovi, including the hit Bad Medicine. If you only get one Bon Jovi album, this should be it.
B000002LRX|5.0|A lot of people give Black Sabbath the credit for inspiring the current generation of metal and rock.  While it's true they helped, without Faith No More almost none of favorite bands would exist today.  Our System of a Downs, Korns, Deftones, and many others owe a lot of their popularity to FNM.<br />Angel Dust is FNM's best album, it has all of their different styles of playing.  The waltzy piano laden ballad RV to the raw angst of Caffeine.  Everything about Angel Dust hits the mark, Patton is at his lyrical best.  Derranged, odd, and hillarious all making for one of the most memorable albums I've ever heard.  <br />This should be in everyones collection if you like classical or death metal or anything.  No one should miss this classic.  Once again showing that carrer suicide is usually a great thing.
B00000889Y|5.0|This British collection includes the entirety of The Cramps' first release, the Gravest Hits EP, along with selections from Songs the Lord Taught Us, Psychedelic Jungle, and a live version of Smell of Female's \\"You Got Good Taste\\" (shortened to \\"Good Taste\\"). It covers the years 1979-1983, a formative period in the band's career. Ten tracks can also be found on the domestic comp, Bad Music for Bad People, which was released the following year. Although the bulk of the material consists of covers, you can hardly tell (barring an intimacy with the originals). Once The Cramps get hold of a song, they always make it their own--even the more recognizable numbers like \\"Surfin' Bird, \\"Lonesome Town,\\" and \\"Fever.\\" All benefit from Lux Interior's vocal prowess. He's a proto-punk screamer like Screamin' Jay Hawkins or The Sonics' Gerry Roslie on the rockin' numbers, but can caress a ballad like mid-period Elvis when the need arises. Not one of the songs sounds as if it could've been written anytime after the '60s. Alex Chilton produced the first 10 tracks, The Cramps the remaining seven.
B00004RF8J|5.0|You can't buy this DVD in the United Kingdom....<br />The most important factor for me in purchasing the DVD was how well the music had been transferred into digital sound.  I was not disappointed and can fully recommend this to anyone interested in getting the best out of the music in the movie.
B00004XQ83|1.0|The movie was such fun.  And I really WANTED to like the CD.  But man, it loses something immense in the translation to sound track.  With the exception of &quot;Down to the River&quot; it's simply painful.  Sorry.  Loved the flick.  Saw it twice.  Just can't do the CD.
B000059HCM|5.0|This movie is not like any other.  Because in other movies, people use drugs and you never actually get to see the real truth behind drug use and abuse.  Every movie teaches the audience of how &quot;cool&quot; and fun drugs can be.  But not one movie that I have been witness to has captured the reality of addiction and other possible problems you encounter when involved with drugs.  This movie was great.  Specially because, unlike fairy-tales, the main characters do not live happily ever after.  It starts with three friends that are trying to make it in the city.  I will not tell you the details but the ending you will never expect.
B00000DCHE|5.0|If I could give &quot;Songs in the Attic&quot; a million stars, I would, because it is the best album I've heard and is the one I enjoy the most.  A lot of the songs are from Piano Man and Turnstiles, but there's some errie thing about these live versions.  They are raw, brutal, straightforeward, like what improv is to stand up comedy.  They are filled with vibrant energy, as if Billy is glowing with a resplendent light on stage.  The performance is electrified by the energy of the crowd, and it is an ingredient that makes these songs spring to life, ecstatic like a wild animal.<BR>Highlights of this album include Miami 2017, Say Goodbye to Hollywood, Los Angelinos, and the infamous Captain Jack.  Billy is right when he describes the performance in the booklet, and asks listeners to play it as loud as possible.  It would be the cardinal sin to pass up getting this album, even if you aren't really a gung ho Billy Joel fan.  You'll go from not impressed to OBSESSED when you hear &quot;Songs in the Attic&quot;.
B000003TAR|5.0|The mindblowing success of Nevermind left Nirvana somewhat unsettled; they vowed that their second major label album would be rawer and less produced sounding.  I think they got what they wanted with In Utero, which was recorded with Steve Albini.  The sound of this ranges from songs like Milk It, with its prominent drumming and chunky guitars and Kurt's singing escalating into an angry howl, and tourette's with his distorted screaming noises, to Heart-Shaped Box, which starts out with a short guitar solo and is quiet and subtly powerful, and Rape Me, which is darkly emotional with a churning guitar sound.<BR>In Utero captures the best of Nirvana; Kurt's versatile voice, the band's ability to write catchy songs, and their sheer power.  If anyone had doubts that Nevermind was a one time success, this CD definitely proved them wrong.  It's not as accesible and mainstream as their breakthrough CD, but then again, that could very well be the reason why In Utero is so good.
B000005IS1|5.0|get stoned    turn off the lights    put it on loud   real loud<BR>this album will take you places youve never been before<BR>\forget nugent    forget the who  all other live albums pale in comparison to this unbelievable montrousstinickillii<BR> its exxxxxtasssssy   kfhihgrsihguhfvesuhyfdhcjhdf<BR>ramblin rose<BR>    rocket reducer  62    if youve never heard this album you r in 4 a pleasant sonic surprise
B00005N9CV|5.0|Once again Diana has done it - managed to take a collection of old-time ballads and put them together on a CD that truely warrants a second, third and forth listening.  For those of you who love Krall this is a must, for those of you who don't know her, this is a good place to start.
6301007360|4.0|Callas is great as Medea; that was one of her most riveting roles on the opera stage.  Here one can sense what a unique artist she was, as she is incredible in this dramatic role.  Other than Callas's participation, it's  a beautiful piece of cinema, it's shot similarly to Oedipus Rex by Pasolini, so you wil enjoy it if you like Rex.  Writing this review, I am thinking again of why films like that are not made anymore...It is for a serious movie buff, so give it a miss if you like Hollywood mass production.
B00005B74V|1.0|There is no way this is a digitaly remaster as it still sucks for sound quality. The four additional tracks are remastered but the original songs from the album - no way. Save your dollars and skip this one. There is another remaster with oodles of additional tracks, perhaps it sounds better.
B00003CXCQ|5.0|Perhaps the most intriguing aspect of Walt Disney's first animated motion picture, &quot;Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs,&quot; is the bizarre mix of images that strike the mind in various ways. It's rare in any day to find such a film that delights one with humor and enchanting music, and at the same time gets under the skin with a dark sense of dread and urgency underneath its conflict. &quot;Snow White&quot; is not only a technical masterpiece, but a true work of art that stands out among the very best in any time period of cinema. <br />For film historians, it stands out as a marvel of the achievement of technology. Being the first full-length animated feature of its kind, &quot;Snow White&quot; is seamless in its integration of detailed characters into articulately-drawn settings, with extreme attention of such details as water reflection, shadow movement, and even lip movement of the characters, an especially difficult task given the amount of song and dialogue. For this, it receives high marks all around, and earns itself a place in movie history. <br />It's the ultimate battle of good and evil, in which young Snow White finds herself the target of the Queen's growing jealousy. She flees into the woods, where she comes to the cottage of the Seven Dwarfs, who gladly welcome the new arrival. Just as their friendship together becomes increasingly joyful, the movie darkens the tone with the Queen's transformation into an old peddler woman, hoping to rid herself of Snow White's threat to her being fairest in the land once again. <br />&quot;Snow White&quot; is a special sort of film, one that is ceaseless in its ability to entertain the young and old. Watching it as a child is the ultimate experience, while watching it in later years will no doubt provide many with cherished memories of their first time seeing the film. It's the type of movie you find yourself looking back on with happiness and satisfaction, the mark of a truly great film.<br />Perhaps the movie'smost memorable aspect is its contrast of light and dark imagery, a neverending foray for some of the most memorable scenes and images ever put forth onto the screen. Snow White's happy existence among the Dwarfs is full of glee and humor, and provides delight at every turn of the story. In complete contrast, Snow White's escape into the forest takes us on a terrifying journey through our own worst fears; the scene is charged with suspense and an intensity unmatched by any modern movie. The Queen's transformation scene is an absinthe-induced hallucination of dizzying images, and the final confrontation between the Dwarfs and the Queen is a suspense-laden race against time. <br />The film's most memorable trait is its musical score, filled with cheery melodies and upbeat tunes, from the infamous &quot;Heigh Ho&quot; and &quot;Whistle While You Work,&quot; to the operatic &quot;Some Day My Prince Will Come.&quot; Just as this music is full of joy, there are chords of music that are extremely unsettling, such as that of the opening shot, in which we see the castle looming over the river, set to high-pitched strings that set a foreboding tone. The music works with the movie to bring out the emotions it wants us to feel, whether it be overjoyed exuberance or nervous anticipation. <br />It's everything a perfect fairy tale should be, and the film captures not only the Grimm's tale magnificently, but also realizes the many ways in which fairy tales manage to work our minds. It takes us to a place in our fancy, the places we cherish and adore, and the places we would rather leave behind. At its center is a story full of moral truth and virtue, and every nuance is brought to stunning life with love and care put forth. &quot;Snow White&quot; is the ultimate masterpiece, a cherished piece of movie history that remains with you long after it has finished, and one that will be forever remembered.
B000002INR|5.0|It doesnt get much better than this.This album still sounds as good now as it did then.One of the better metal bands of the 80s/early 90s.I cant say i like their later material to much.But this is a slice of heaven.
B00003CXDD|4.0|&quot;Willow&quot; is a mixed bag of different movie venues and audience reactions, ranging from originality to predictability, from exciting to downright weird. It lacks the ingenuity and spirit of such child-oriented movies as &quot;The Neverending Story&quot; and &quot;The Goonies,&quot; but for the most part, it pays off, and you may be surprised to find yourself enjoying different sections of the film. <br />The beginning is wonderful, a highly suspenseful opening in which an evil queen brings all pregnant mothers in her kingdom before her in hopes of locating and destroying the one chosen to bring her reign of terror to an end. A midwife smuggles the child out of the castle, and before she is set upon by wildebeests, she sends the child floating down the river, where it comes to the attention of the Nelywn community. <br />In the world of &quot;Willow,&quot; there are two sets of people: the Nelwyns, a community of short, midget people, and the Daikinis, regular-sized humans. The baby is a Daikini, and so Willow Ufgood (Warwick Davis) is called upon to return the baby to its original habitat. Setting out on the dangerous journey, he soon meets adventurous Madmartigan (Val Kilmer), and the two pair up to take the baby to its destination, which changes almost every minute as they encounter such beings as a forest fairy, and a sorceress who comes in the form of a rat, a bird, a goat, etc. <br />The movie isn't really interested in setting a straight course for itself. The constant changing of setting, pace, and destination are all a reminder that a movie such as this is more of a device for action and humor rather than logical plot. Because this movie is aimed at children, and has a childlike quality of its own, it gets away with such a tactic. <br />Having said that, the film is exceptionally entertaining. It's full of humor and yes, even a little bit of suspense, likeable characters, who are sometimes so goofy and cumbersome that you'll laugh until you cry, anda story that is the stuff dreams are made of. Kilmer's character is a throwback of sorts to the swashbuckling heroes of yesteryear, while Davis is a hero as well, and the one we all come out rooting for. <br />The action sequences are mindless good fun, ranging from a high-speed horse chase to some showdowns at various castles throughout the land. These scenes all give Lucas and director Ron Howard a chance to showcase some of the finer set pieces in a children's movie, from knights in armor and beautiful yet foreboding vistas, to dark, gothic castles and otherworldly creatures conjured out of magical powers. <br />Watching the movie as an adult proves to be far different than from seeing it in my childhood. As a child, I remembered the excitement of such scenes, and looking back on them, I find that it is unfair to dismiss the movie on its logic. I do find that some scenes are somewhat disturbing for younger children, at whom the movie is aimed, such as the sequence in which a two-headed dragon rises out of a river; they seem a bit too daring for a children's movie. <br />The fantasy land created in &quot;Willow&quot; lives up to the expectations of the genre, and even goes a bit further. The story is a bit befuddled, but paying attention to its flaws takes away from the fun and excitement it has in spinning its tale. The special effects are dazzling without being jaw-dropping, and the action is intense without being gratuitous. As a children's movie, &quot;Willow&quot; is pure, nonsensical satisfaction.
B000001FJV|4.0|In 2001, this album's contents will not cause a great stir with collectors or casual fans, as Polydor/Polygram has consistently released lost gems and reconstituted familiar sides since 1986, when this double album was issued. It was soon overshadowed by the single album &quot;Motherlode&quot;, which was almost all previously unreleased stuff from '67 to '72(which should have been released). But this first in-depth effort is definitely worth hearing and having, if only for the much-sampled &quot;Funky Drummer&quot;; the studio recut sans overdubbed audience &quot;Give It Up Or Turnit A Loose&quot; - a mindblower in *any* generation; and for &quot;I Got To Move&quot;, a kind of retooled &quot;There Was A Time&quot;, recorded at the same session which included Mr. Bootsy Collins, and shelved for 17 years. Other tracks are readily available elsewhere.
B00003CXP1|5.0|The phrase &quot;nerve wracking&quot; earns new meaning with Darren Aronofsky's &quot;Requiem For A Dream,&quot; a complex film that deals with the physical, mental, and emotional consequences of drug use on variously striking levels. Aronofsky handles the material in a heavy manner, throwing all the style, all the sensory imagery, all the bone-chilling sequences he can muster up into the film, giving it such a rush that when the final frame rolls by, it was all I could do heave a sigh of relief. Or was it bewilderment? <br />Undoubtedly, this is one of the best movies to come along in years, relying on a strong, gripping plot to achieve a high note of urgency and importance. It moves at various speeds, from that of a narcotic-induced high, to that of a delusional nightmare, but it never loses its momentum or its tightening grip on its audience. <br />It chronicles the lives of four people, average citizens hoping to make something more out of their dreary lives. Harry Goldfarb wants nothing more than to live a life of happiness and luxury with his girlfriend, Marion. Together with his friend Tyrone, he sells narcotics, reaching a point where he feels nothing can overcome his newfound wealth. The three of them live and interact together in a frenzied, drug-induced euphoria that casts a veil over their lives, one that is as inviting as it is foreboding. <br />Harry's mother, Sara Goldfarb (Ellen Burstyn), is so overcome by her loneliness that she practically goes off the deep end when she receives a call from a game show inviting her to appear on television. She grabs her favorite red dress from the closet, dyes her hair bright red, and goes on dietary drugs to fit into her dress. <br />Thus begins Aronofsky's setup for a final act that becomes more than just a conclusion for the characters, but an awakening for audiences everywhere. When their supplier becomes cut off, Harry and Tyrone become frantic, as does Marion, who is enveloped by her addiction to the point where she is willing to sacrifice her dignity for smack. But it is Sara's downfall that becomes the centrifuge for the film's message: in the beginning, we see her without the drugs, as opposed to the remaining three characters. The movie allows us to follow her in her descent, as she begins to obsess about her weight, popping more pills than she can count until she imagines her refrigerator moving on its own. <br />If you think a moving fridge is nothing to get excited over, you'll reconsider. Aronofsky sets up such scenes with deluded visions and wraparound shots of his actors, casting them as well as us into a whirlwind of mass hysteria that carries us into the very heart of the movie's many dilemmas. He brings to the first two-thirds of the film repetitive cuts of drugs, bloodshot eyes, narcotics and various other paraphernalia, which act as a metaphor for the quick thrills as a result of the use of drugs. As a result, the final act's impact is made that much more engrossing, and a sudden sense of intensity and subtly chilling suspense washes over the entire film, stemming from our wanting to know what will come of the characters as a result of their choices. <br />The cast for &quot;Requiem&quot; also enhances the movie's overall appeal. Leto, Connelly, and Wayans each turn in the performance of their careers, separately portraying different aspects of the effects of drugs. It is Ellen Burstyn, however, who steals the show in a forthright, unrelenting performance that is the highlight of the Best Actress category for 2000. She pulls out all the stops, portraying Sara's fall from grace with a terror that is made all-the-more chilling because of its universal truths. <br />&quot;Requiem For A Dream&quot; isn't just a movie: it's a message, one that screams itself into the hearts and minds of any who happen upon it. Aronofsky helms the project with a superiority unmatched by most other films of its kind, evoking a tense, mind-bending journey that is a must for fansof character-driven dramas and those considering the use of illegal substances. By choosing to focus on the personal results of the characters, the movie takes on a whole new meaning, rising out of the depths of its own depravity to become one of the best and most memorable pictures of 2000, as well as all time.
B00005R2IS|5.0|For a long time i've been waiting for this dvd, it becames my way of life, i bought a CB750 and a F-100 V8. These kind of vehicles really amaze me.
B00003CWTI|5.0|A good friend of mine reccomended this movie to me, telling me it was good.  He didn't mention it would change my entire scope on life.  Granted, this movie is not for everybody.  Being nearly 3 1/2 hours long, it takes some patience and an open mind to really grasp the scope of the film.  However, if you are on the same wavelength as the director, your jaw will be on the floor.  The same goes for &quot;Unbreakable&quot;, which I thought was a genius film.  <br />Basically, this film is like a magnolia.  It has many petals, which seem to almost exist independently, but all revolve around the base.  All of the stories and characters in this film are different from each other in many ways, but the film accentuates the fact that we all have flaws, and we all have made poor decisions in our lives.  It also focuses on the human tendency to hold on to these decisions, which result in regret and bitterness.  All of the charcters are very believable in the sense that their personality traits are very common, however beautiful or ugly they may be.  I agree with another reviewer, Narniak, who talks about people getting bored of the characters.  The only reason people get bored is because they don't identify with the charcters' personalities. Take Tom Cruise's character, for example.  He is basically a sex televangelist who believes in complete social and sexual domination over women, and will stop at nothing to make his followers to feel the same.  I personally HATE his idea, but it is the fact that he is a human being, and that nobody is perfect, that makes it believable.<BR> <BR>The acting in this film is unbelievable.  Tom Cruise, Julianne Moore, Jason Robards, John C. Reilly, and William H. Macy represent some of the best casting in film history.  The best scene in the movie, by far, is the &quot;universal singing&quot; scene.  My jaw fell through the floor just feeling the raw emotion displayed throughout that song.  That's one of the few scenes in a movie that has evermade my eyes fill with tears.  It wasn't sad, but it was just so powerful.  Then, of course, there's the &quot;raining frogs&quot; scene.  I'm not going to spoil it for you.<br />So, in closing, if you like films that make you think, or in this case, proud to be alive and breathing, then Magnolia may be right up your alley.  This film is a true piece of art.  This film is a true masterpiece.  This film is Magnolia.  I hope the director, P.T. Anderson reads this some way or another.  I hope he knows that he has made one of the greatest films of all time.
B00003CXAA|5.0|Wow! Great job by Francis Ford Coppola. Family tree segment on the 5th disc is awesome. Clears up lots of debateable questions; e.g., who is the oldest son?, or how old was Sonny when he died? Only possible complaint is that I love &quot;The Complete Epic, 1902-1959&quot;. I wish FFC would have made a chronological version, including all the outtakes from the NBC TV version. Godfather 3 counts in name only. The first 2 are the greatest American movies of all time. If Bush had &quot;Genco&quot; as his consigliere, Afghanistan would be a hole on the map. Widescreen 16:9, closed caption, digital 5.1 sound, and the best organized crime characters ever, make this a must have.The closed captioning, permits you to hear lines, you never heard before. Incidentally, the TV closed captioning and the DVD subtitles are different; i.e., the title of my review. Unless you use the TV version, you don't see that line on the screen. Oh well. On a scale of 10, it's a 9&amp;1/2, because nothing is perfect. That said, go buy the DVD collection, and enjoy it as much as I have.
0441172717|5.0|During this previous summer, I was visiting a friend who was realy into books.  I didn't read much at the time, and we were talking about what gets us into a book.  I said the book had to grab me from the begining, hold the excitement.  He told me that he had just read the whole Dune series, and that I should at least read the first book.  So I read it.  To say the least, it held me to the last word.  This book egnighted a spark in me to read, and to keep reading.  I am curently reading book three in the series, and the whole series is wonderful.  I've recruted several of my friends and even my father to read this terific book.  This has to be one of the greatest science fiction books ever writen.
0780622650|3.0|...you will probably be disappointed, as I was. Much of what made the TV series so memorable for so many 'boomers is missing from this misguided update of the classic series. And while I was glad to find that none of the third season's silliness (remember the vegetable people?) found its way into the script, it seems that the baby was thrown out with the bath water. I was hoping that the Robinson family would survive their facelift with their close-knit family values intact, which is why they were able to overcome the many obstacles they faced as they braved the elements of uncharted space. I was dismayed to see that the family patriarch, John Robinson, was portrayed as such a flawed and inept father and husband, in stark contrast to his character's original persona. The script writers would have done well to remember that they were also updating the classic &quot;Swiss Family Robinson,&quot; and to take inspiration from the team spirit that was so well represented there and in the TV series. All in all, I guess I wish that they had not gone to such lengths to &quot;modernize&quot; the storyline.<br />But the most egregious failing of this remake is the final ten minutes, during which I was completely jarred out of the film by the utter implausability of their escape from disaster. Without giving the ending away, suffice it to say that it is so absurd that I would be surprized if any thinking person was able to swallow it.<br />That being said, I did enjoy most of the special effects, especially the blast-off scene and its references to the original. I also enjoyed the cameos by original cast members, and I only wish there could have been a way to get Bill Mumy and Jonathan Harris on board, and to actually include them in the story - Bill Mumy would have been perfect in the role of the adult Will Robinson. I also enjoyed the many special features included on the DVD, which made the purchase worthwhile for me.
B000002LK1|5.0|I am a big DM fan....I believe that the height of their best work is the &quot;violator&quot;.  This album will never be forgotten.  Although I love all thier albums, this one showed them at a level that will never be missed.  The new DM is not bad and I always loved Martin Gore's lyrics and song writting.  I just miss Alan Wilder's musical genius.
B00004SC3M|5.0|This film appears to have been written pretty much to accentuate Zeta-Jones appeal, but there is much more to this film, and even in its sensual parts it really does keep itself quite well to what is needed to support the plot.<br />Three things in this movie really make it stand out.<br />The first is the plot.  There seems to be a hidden meaning to every scene, and to almost every scene a twist that brings us into a totally different spot.  It's like a wild roller coaster ride in the dark.<br />The second is the robberies.  It is amazing to watch the high tech devices in the hands of experts used to waltz through some of the most intricate security systems.  There are some minor slips in the robberies technically speaking, but nothing that destroys the film or even the robberies.<br />The third element is the chemistry between Zeta-Jones and Connery is extremely intriguing especially because of the age difference.  And who's to say that normal people don't do strange things like that all the time?<br />I'm tacking a fourth on here: In my opinion this film is the best work either Connery or Zeta-Jones has ever done.<br />Also if you are looking for a similar movie with real style.  Thomas Crown Affair appears to be essentially it's counter part.  The only real difference is I think Thomas Crown Affair over did every aspect of itself.
B00005NI5Y|5.0|I have been loving Dylan since I've got ears to hear. I bought my first LP, it was Desire. I couldn't help but listen to it hundreds of times. Now we have Love &amp; Theft and I feel the same urge to listen to it again and again. As everybody knows there are as many Dylans as listeners, or maybe more, there is a Dylan for each and every state of your mind. But this time Dylan has done something more, he has written a concise encyclopedia of the American music. It's like a textbook on history plus a poetical and ironical synthesis of an artist, who knows where he can get, what he can master, what he can express. And he does it his way, like no one else can do it.
B00003CXZ4|5.0|I loved this film.  Its absorbing and intelligent.  Fine performances by everyone involved.  I can't wait to watch it again -- I've been told that its even better the second time.
B000002WNP|5.0|Of the three main box sets (50's, 60's, 70's) this one is my favorite. The reason is Elvis' voice is in absolutely top form. Especially on songs like &quot;Fame and Fortune&quot;! Not even Bing Crosby could've done that one better. And that's saying a lot. The first couple of discs are simply incredible. Elvis was apparently nervous when he was in the Army waiting an excruciating two years to find out if America still wanted him on the throne. Maybe that's why his performances are so mesmurizing. He wanted to out-perform his 50's records, and without a doubt (vocally) he did. There are some filler songs on disc 3 that are of the same caliber as his movie soundtracks, but at least they are fun. I'm glad they were all included anyway. Disc 4 features many great tracks such as &quot;Suspicious Minds&quot;, &quot;And the Grass Won't Pay No Mind&quot;, &quot;Anyday Now&quot;, &quot;Long Black Limosine&quot; and many more. Disc 5 features a lot of filler (like unpolished versions of songs like &quot;Kentucky Rain&quot;) but the best track on #5 is the great duet with Frank Sinatra &quot;Love Me Tender/Witchcraft&quot;, a clever combo of the two songs sung together. A lot of critics say Elvis recorded nothing but movie soundtracks during the 60's, but this box set proves otherwise. Only a couple of these songs were from the movies. It's interesting to hear the decline in song-quality in the middle of the box set (in other words in the mid-sixties.) It's obvious that there was a time when he wasn't getting good songs anymore. But the songs from the beginning and end of the decade remain classics and Elvis never sounded better. It is disappointing that &quot;If I can Dream&quot; is missing. But that's forgivable considering the excellent booklet and liner notes that come with this set including tons of great pictures. If you are just getting into Elvis though I would start with the 50's box set first. They are better when heard in order.
0783225725|5.0|I can't believe that this is a 30 year old movie!! It's just unbelievable. You better watch it or you'll miss all the fun!!
B00004YKUY|4.0|What a great CD! The new Steve has always been one of my favorite singers anyway and as far as I'm concerned is the only man on the planet who could fill Steve Perry's shoes. If you like this album, check out Steve's old band: Tall Stories and you'll be in for a big surprise. Their self-titled album is a complete scorcher! Getting back to this CD though, there are a lot of good tracks and the nice thing is it sounds like Journey. Neal Schon is a master of playing memorable leads. He never over-does-it. Instead, he'll get more out of three or four notes and really move you. That's one of the reasons I've always liked Journey. Neal Schon never tried to prove how fast he could run up and down the fret board. Very tasty licks, and great production too. Check out the clips and give it a chance. There are people who still whine that David Lee Roth left Van Halen. Change is a fact of life people. Yes, Steve Perry is an awesome singer and contributed a lot but life goes on. The vocals on &quot;Arrival&quot; are absolutely perfect. Kudos to a legendary band for continuing what it does best.
B000056VIY|5.0|J.LO did a very great job making this CD, i'am so happy she did...all songs are great except i'm not much fan of her ballads, i'm mostly a fan of her fast upbeat songs like 'Love Don't Cost A Thing' which is my favorite song and 'I'm Real' is also my second favorite song....so if for those of you who'm don't already have this CD please get it, and if you don't already have 'On The 6' (Which i have it) then get both:-)!<BR>I hope this review was helpful to those of you who don't have the CD yet...C ya, later.
B00005B36H|5.0|Possibly the best TOOL album, Lateralus, is definately the greatest rock album of 2001. With an awesome opening with Grudge, the cd only gets better and as you move on to the well known Schism, the anticipation builds. Then you hit it. Parabol and Parabola will blow your mind. If you don't own this album, you must need your head examined.
B00000J7RZ|5.0|Jen did a great job recording this album, it's hard to say but I like this album alot better than her J.LO CD, (Which I have)! Some of my favorite songs on this CD are, ~If You had my Love~, ~feelin' so good~ and ~waiting for tonigh~...This CD is too cool, so i really recommend for those of you who don't have it get it, and if you don't have her new CD J.LO then get both:-)
B000002JS6|5.0|This album is timeless. I bought it on vinyl (actually my mom bought it for me - but I was only 8!) the day it came out. These songs have never gotten old and they never will. I was shocked when Bon died, and I remember wondering how they would do without him. They did more than fine with this album. However, all Brian Johnson albums, other than this and Flick of The Switch, have been a little spotty. Whereas, ALL Bon Scott albums are true classics! Hells Bells, Shoot To Thrill, Back In Black, You Shook Me All Night Long, &amp; Rock And Roll Ain't Noise Pollution are awesome songs. That's half the album! Also, Have A Drink On Me &amp; Shake A Leg rock too! Nine GREAT songs, one good song (Given The Dog A Bone) &amp; NO bad songs! An incredible debut of a new singer replacing a legendary singer.
B000002JSV|5.0|This album is somehow overlooked. It doesn't have the radio appeal of Highway To Hell or Back In Black, but it is in the same class! How could you find anything wrong here? Rock n Roll Damnation, Riff Raff, Sin City,&amp; Down Payment Blues are vintage AC/DC. I love Gimme A Bullet! Not only did AC/DC lose Bon's sinister voice, they also lost his underrated lyrics. The double meanings in his wordplay is something AC/DC have just never gotten from Brian. This is an absolute MUST HAVE! Not only for your AC/DC collection, but for your cd collection itself!
B000002HRE|2.0|Every band faces the same question. Do you continue to make the same exact album every time , or do you try to change? AC/DC never changed, yet they receive criticism for staying with what they do best! Some bands are forced to change due to shifting musical tastes brought on by MTV. Other bands, like Metallica, try to change their style due to their overblown egos. Ever since the ridiculously overrated Black Album, they've tried to mix their musical style up. In doing so, they've screwed it up! If you take the good songs from Load &amp; Re-load and put them on one album, it'd be pretty good. However, like Use Your Illusion 1&amp;2, the Load/Re-load albums suffer from too much filler. This album definitely has some bright spots, but just not enough to make this album stand up to their first four albums! I remember back in '84, skating to Kill'em All and Ride The Lightning &amp; EVERY kid in the neighborhood thought Metallica ruled!! I wish that Metallica would return for the next album.
B00005NWRS|5.0|to anyone trying to put this album down by calling it trite:<br />find me a better rock album this year. please, because i love my rock'n'roll. go on then. find it. <BR>too bad you won't. why is it that everyone wants this guy to be the unwavering alt-country prince? didn't jay farrar already knab that? <BR>that being said, buy this album. it's long, it's big, and it's as close as you're going to get to the spirit of rock. standouts are all over the place, and it's easy to find new ones with every listen. try &quot;answering bell,&quot; &quot;la cienega just smiled,&quot; &quot;rosalie come and go,&quot; and &quot;the bar is a beautiful place.&quot; and if you can, go see him live. and then, go buy the back catalogue of whiskeytown.<br />and even if he does wear his influences like medals of honor, at least he's got some damn fine influences. mr. adams is a legend in training, and just about the only hope rock has left at this point. stop criticising and have fun with it.
0316286443|5.0|This book complements very well the beauty book by bobbi brown. Hers talks about philosophy, how to create &quot;daily&quot; face using one's asset in the best possible way. It is very gender sensitive, race sensitive. Kevyn Aucoin book is how to create an impeccable beautiful face. He and his models were kind and courageous enough to give us before and after pictures; to see what a make-up can do (and it really does change the faces), and how much our self-esteem is undermined by those created faces in the fashion magazine. Most faces on those magazines are artistic creations and we don't need to feel disappointed by our naked faces; anyone can put great make-up as Kevyn shows. <br />I would recommend that everyone reads those two books, this one (and also other two books by him) and the book by bobbi.
0440539811|5.0|I've read this book over at least twenty times, and each time I find something I missed the last time around.  This is the wildest conspiracy-theory-goof ever written.
B000007R0S|5.0|If you have not heard the DTS encoded CD - Hell Freezes Over - by the Eagles, then you need to treat yourself to this acoustic gem.  The DTS encoded soundtracks \\"pop\\" with realism.   The voices and instrumentation are beautifully balanced throughout the 5.1 speaker system.  Once you have listened to this DTS CD, you will not want to listen to the \\"regular\\" CD anymore.  A treat, a gem, a wonderful acoustic experience.  You will not regret this purchase.
630024797X|5.0|Paris, Texas is a movie unlike any I've seen before. It uses images, facial expressions, masterful character interactions in a way that takes you on a deep psychological journey with the main character &quot;Travis.&quot; This movie wrestles with universal themes that have to do with our attempts to resolve our personal demons, rectifying horrible mistakes, and the restoration of personal dignity and relationships.<br />The opening scenes reveal an amnesic man whom has been discovered wandering through the desert in Texas and Mexico for four years. His long lost brother claims him, brings him back to civilization, and his journey to remember and to reclaim his life begins. <br />The story, screenplay, casting, acting, and direction is supurb. The cinematography is wonderful. One word of warning. This is not a movie for people who want a &quot;mindless, don't think or feel movie.&quot; Paris, Texas has a lot to say about our country, its people and barriers to closeness with each other.
6305603847|5.0|no words, best music with greatly directored movie!
630024797X|5.0|Paris, Texas is a movie unlike any I've seen before. It uses images, facial expressions, masterful character interactions in a way that takes you on a deep psychological journey with the main character &quot;Travis.&quot;  This movie wrestles with universal themes that have to do with our attempts to resolve our personal demons, rectifying horrible mistakes, and the restoration of personal dignity and relationships.<br />The opening scenes reveal an amneasic man whom  has been discovered wandering through the desert in Texas and Mexico for four years. His long lost brother claims him, brings him back to civilization, and is journey to remember and to reclaim his life begins.<br />The story, screenplay, casting, acting, and direction is supurb.  The cinematography is wonderful.  One word of warning.  This is not a movie for people who want a &quot;mindless, don't think or feel movie.&quot;  Paris, Texas has a lot to say about our country, its people and our barriers to closeness with each other.
B0000027I6|5.0|In what Roger Waters considers to be the last of the trilogy, he shows that he is the true genius behind Pink Floyd. This is a heavy album (in emotion, not noise) which may further reinforce a view that Roger is emotiionally distressed. But if that's what it takes, then I am deeply indebted to him for sharing the emotion which he feels.<BR>I would further recommend you listen to his live album &quot;In the Flesh&quot; which puts many of Roger Waters' back catalogue tracks in a context of  past and present songs and gives a full view of his range and cleverness over the decades, and reinforces his position as the main driving force behind Pink Floyd.
B000002KKD|5.0|When I was 15 years old in '79, I finally got my first stereo. Hitachi metal cone speakers, Pioneer reciever, and technics turntable. Now I need music. CD's not invented then. Okay this album looks pretty cool. I slightyly recall the song Rock Lobster from radio play. Question:  Why did that have to be my first album ever. Fast forward 22 years. I've got Aimster, let's download my first album. Took me right back. And although I was embarrassed about that being my first album then, I now realize why I listened to it so freakin' much. I was just good. And now as I burn my cd, I can't wait to get it in my car and crank it like there's no tomorrow. I'll be 15 again. Just get this album any which way but loose and even then.
0446677450|2.0|This book gets five stars for readability. The style is conversational so fits people who dislike lectures.<br />  Not a recipe book. rather this is meant as the first of a series of books by the same author. This means you should expect little in content and much teasing about what can be done. See the list of recommended readings.<br />  DO PICK UP the book to see its recommended reading if you are more of a scholar type.<br />Must give credit where it's due. I found several tidbits that were useful, and many ideas that were in my head but the author articulated them and crystalised them for me.<br />the review is intentionally low to attract you to read on.
B00003CX5P|5.0|I've been patient and calm about the release of the Star Wars DVD and when I finally got it, the tension building up to it finally busted through and I now know why Lucas waited so long for this gem to come out.<BR>First off, the actual movie has some extended scenes which fit perfectly with the book detail.  Secondly, the deleted scenes, while few, are some of the best deleted scenes I've ever seen on a DVD.  If your a fan of the book, you'll find that most of the added stuff is right out of the book.  Such as an extended &quot;Pod Racer&quot; scene and little bits and pieces elsewhere in the movie.  But it just blows me away to see all this new stuff added to an already huge movie.  It was worth the wait as they say.<BR>I've yet to see everything this DVD has to offer but the mere fact that I can state that makes me wish more DVD's could add up to this awesome release.  But in the end all I can say is that this could be the best DVD release yet.  Star Wars fans (such as myself) bring a towl to the TV, you'll need it to wipe the drool from your watering mouth after you see this movie.
0802136834|5.0|What a great book !  It reads fast, smooth and so well.<BR>My compliments to the author on a suberb job.<BR>The people are brought seemingly to life as you read.<BR>One of the finest books I have ever read !
B00001ODHJ|5.0|Okay, Now let me just say right off the bat that I love this movie.  It's Irrellvant, Campy, Tounge in Cheek, And immensely entertaining.  It's directed with a mentality of a high school kid just having fun, but fortunately, that 'Kid' Is Sam Rami and he directs with Talent and skill.  Many Scenes in this movie Pay homage too Cult classics such as &quot;The day the earth Stood still&quot;, &quot;Jason and the Argonauts&quot;, &quot;The Wolfman&quot;,  Gullivers Travels&quot;, and &quot;The Three stooges&quot;.  Meanwhile the original stuff is entertaining and mostly humorous.   Good performances and Creative and innovative sets round out this move, but The main Attraction is Bruce Campbell In the role he's known for; Ash.  Formally Employed in 'S-marts' housewares section, now working for king arthur trying too stay alive agianst Undead ghouls, He's Perfect As the Irrevelant, Dopey, obtuse, yet Witty, heroic, and charasmatic Main Charachter.  Legend has it Campbell wrote most of his own lines for the film, And This Film is Famous for it's one liners.  But what impresses me is that I can't imagine Mel, Jaun-claude, or Auhnald, making me bust a gut while saying these one liners.  Bruce Campbell will entertain and amuse all but the most humorless of individual with his performance.  The movie drags here and there for Brief periods... But it is a sincerely entertaining way too spend eighty minutes of your life.  Groovy
B00004U8PA|1.0|Why do so many people like this movie?  Because people love degrading spectacle.  Much like a Bismarck, this sorry spectacle degrades everyone involved, including the viewer.  Transvestitism is a little less than humorous, and a lot less than humourous when it is the only joke.  Not that I have a problem with transvestites.  Indeed, anybody who decides that being male is not good enough to display publicly dramatically increases the likelihood that a homophobic man will forcibly remove his genitals.  ...  So, transvestites are good.  However, this movie isn't.  Now, Welcome to Spring Break is a good movie, as it features many nice episodes that quite possibly were never even considered as part of this trash.  In fact, this movie has no creamy filling.  A 25th anniversary edition?  Why not just buy Where's Waldo.
0684833395|5.0|Catch-22, a great satirical work, presents many characters with extraordinary personalities, the most important of whom is Yossarian. A witty man, he constantly tries not to avoid being killed while serving his duty in WW II.  He meets many people and goes trough many trials in this book. One such trial occurs very early in the book and uses the book's title phrase  Yossarian finds a catch in the system that says that soldiers will be sent home who  are crazy enough not to fly an airplane into combat.   The doctor tells Yossarian that he must first tell him that he is crazy, and then must have someone vouch for his insanity.  Yossarian then assumes that he will be dismissed after this, but the Doc adds one more stipulation: if someone asks not to fly because they are crazy, they can't be crazy because anyone who doesn't want to die must be sane.  This, Doc Daneeka notes, is a catch-22. The phrase \\"catch-22\\" now appears in the dictionary because of this book.  If that fact does not suggest the importance of this book, I don't know what will. <BR> This book is funny from beginning to end.  It shows a lighter side of war.  Most books don't refer to the human struggle during wartime but   Catch-22 uses humor to show how the conflicts between one man and the solders fighting along side him affect him in war. This book will be able to make you laugh about some very serious issues that effected people during WW II.<BR>      One reason that I recommend this book so highly is that it has been banned.  The fact that people actually cared enough about this book to ban it means there has to be something good in it.  This book was banned because it refers to women as whores.  The text does not dwell on that, though.  Readers who feel offended by this term cans easily substitute another term.   If you want to read a great book that will make you laugh, you definitely should read  Catch-22.
B00003CWPL|5.0|Eraserhead, David Lynch`s groundbreaking feature, is for many reasons considered a cult-classic. Both the story and style of the film share the traits which have made director Lynch a spokesman for the alternative and surreal in modern cinema.<BR>The story surrounds around Henry(Jack Nance), and his immediate environment. Henry becomes romantically involved with a woman, and later finds himself facing the troubles of fatherhood. This storyline seems fairly ordinary and straight fotward. But anyone who has seen the film will agree that &quot;ordinary&quot; is a word not suited to describe the universe created by Lynch in Eraserhead.<BR>Events take place which have no grasp in our &quot;ordinary&quot; world.<BR>The very first minutes of the film show us what we can come to expect throughout the feature; a moonlike landscape is presented to us and shows us the residence of a man(?), whom by pulling a metall stick(controll-bar?) initiates a certain action. This character seems to be the instigator of the action which is to take place.<BR>Similar events of the surreal take place and mix with the more &quot;wordly&quot; aspects of the film throughout the feature.<br />But trying to analyze and disect Eraserhead is in many ways a mission impossible. The film is more a mood than anything else, and a moode must be experienced rather than debated. There are in my view no words which adequitely can be used to describe the very mood which is Eraserhead. No words or terms can be applied with the aim of clarifying that which can not be and must not be made clear. Words are simply inadequate. The only way to get lost in the moode and experience of Eraserhead is to watch it.. and watch it again, and again, and again...
0684833395|5.0|Catch-22, a great satirical work, presents many characters with extraordinary personalities, the most important of whom is Yossarian. A witty man, he constantly tries not to avoid being killed while serving his duty in WW II.  He meets many people and goes trough many trials in this book. One such trial occurs very early in the book and uses the book's title phrase  Yossarian finds a catch in the system that says that soldiers will be sent home who  are crazy enough not to fly an airplane into combat.   The doctor tells Yossarian that he must first tell him that he is crazy, and then must have someone vouch for his insanity.  Yossarian then assumes that he will be dismissed after this, but the Doc adds one more stipulation: if someone asks not to fly because they are crazy, they can't be crazy because anyone who doesn't want to die must be sane.  This, Doc Daneeka notes, is a catch-22. The phrase \\"catch-22\\" now appears in the dictionary because of this book.  If that fact does not suggest the importance of this book, I don't know what will. <BR> This book is funny from beginning to end.  It shows a lighter side of war.  Most books don't refer to the human struggle during wartime but   Catch-22 uses humor to show how the conflicts between one man and the solders fighting along side him affect him in war. This book will be able to make you laugh about some very serious issues that effected people during WW II.<BR>      One reason that I recommend this book so highly is that it has been banned.  The fact that people actually cared enough about this book to ban it means there has to be something good in it.  This book was banned because it refers to women as whores.  The text does not dwell on that, though.  Readers who feel offended by this term cans easily substitute another term.   If you want to read a great book that will make you laugh, you definitely should read  Catch-22.
0553278398|5.0|This book is the 7th Foundation book I've read...actually I've read them in order of their printing dates (with the exception of reading &quot;Forward the Foundation&quot; beofre &quot;Prelude&quot;...becuause of this I was able to think critically of the way in which a younger (yet still fiesty and stubbourn) Hari Seldon comes into his life long struggle with an abstract theory &quot;psychohistory&quot;<br />    When reading the books in the order that I have, I was able to get an idea of what Seldon's glorified, andsometimes Cannonized legacy became the basis of a new culture and society. In &quot;Foundation&quot; you get a tiny glimpse of Seldon as an old yet proud man...warry that the end is near....and that's it...no more. in the next two books inthe trillogy you get hints of him further, but still...you wonder..who was this man? Was he indeed a man? was he not a figure head for a much larger mind, group, or collective? You are given a sence of his omnipotence, this I think Asimov achieved with litle less than Perfection!<BR>    then later In Foundation's Edge you get some answers. Of course Hari Seldon was just a man..and because of this his Psychohostory could not be perfection, he is a man, and human's make mistakes. So if you are or were wondering how a Plan such as his could maintain integrity and not sway (except where the Mule is concerned) and wonder if really the efforts of the Second foundation in it's (in contrast to the population of the galaxy...some 25 million inhabited plannets) small numbers could really keep the plan going...well you get your answer here.<BR>    When you then continue into &quot;Foundation and Earth&quot; (which I really consider this to be the same book as the previous, as it follows right after &quot;..Edge&quot;) You are suddenly brought back into a much older story..the story of R.Daneel Olivaw. Now if you know your Asimovian history then great if not..you'll be forced to quickly find all the Robot and Empire novels to satisfy yourself (as I did). Now to get to the point. Reading Prelude to Foundation is very IMPORTANT!!! this book is the key to joining the old empire and Earth with the revolutionary times of Hari Seldon...this book is wonderful and perfectly relaized. It gives you the knowledge you need to understand who Hari Seldon is..What Daneel's role in this is and to answer your own personal questions about the future of the Plan. The book itself is Exciting and awe inspiring. You get to imagine Trantor in its Hayday and Daneel and Hari both in their prime (well In Daneel's case he's always Prime.) However I did Enjoy Reading Forward the Foundation Before reading Prelude..only because I liked the fact that I didn't know what Dors realy was and I did not know her fate was imminant...I understood that she was not human...with Asimov's slight hints (these hints..in all his books...should be referred to as &quot;Asimovian Slights.&quot;)I still enjoyed the surprises surrounding her. <BR>    So to wrap up, I'd say Prelude to Foundation is a key brick or Cinder block in the structure of Asimov's Foundation...which strangly enough has grown into an amazing piece of prophetic architecture!<BR>thanks..and Enjoy!
6303575617|5.0|When I got this tape as a gift recently, I was somewhat reluctant because of the &quot;80s&quot; look of the video, figuring that it might be outdated in terms of proper form.  However, I'm very pleased with the workout on this tape.  It really focuses on pure muscle building and/or toning, and demonstrates how to alter each exercise based on the weight machines you have available to you (in my case, none... I prefer free weights at home, and it still worked great for me)  Ignoring the clothes on Cory and friends, it's a very modern workout.  I've since read some of Cory's books, and have come to be impressed by both her foresight and expertise on fitness issues, as well as become an admirer of Cory-Everson-the-person.  She's a great role model!
0375703861|1.0|WHITE TEETH's problem is less its story than Ms Smith's style, which reminded me immediately of Douglas Adams. But while the late Adams's constant authorial presence, leaning over the reader's shoulder to shoot acute observations at his characters, their plight or just plain LIFE, was perfect for his offbeat genre fiction, it is immediately grating in WHITE TEETH. The author lacks the wit (and, perhaps, life experience?) to make that style work, and it sits poorly with the suburban banality she seeks to ground the characters in. Frantically page-turning to see when Marvin the Paranoid Android showed up, I bailed at ~p.100, with no interest in the characters whatsoever.
B000003337|2.0|I like Quiet Riot and I like Randy Rhoads, so you'd think this is a sure-fire, must buy album right? Guess again!<br />This isn't some Holy Grail CD of a 1970's Metal Band with a legendary guitar player. This is a compilation of rotton songs. I like 'Metal Health' and 'Blizzard of Ozz' as much as the next rivet-head, but it's NOT METAL AND IT CAN BARELY BE CALLED ROCK N ROLL!!<br />You will never hear another collection of Cheeze-whiz pop than this. The lyrics are so terrible, you'd be embarrassed to have other people listen to it with you. Randy was an amazing guitar player, and you do get a small sample of that with his live solo you get on this disk, but it's mostly just an evolving, early version of Dee.<br />Hear me people. If you dig QR and worship RR you'll still hate this album. The only time I pull it out is to show people I have it. They always look interested with large bugged out eyes and drool coming out of their mouths, but after a couple tunes the curiousity has worn off and they beg me to shut it off.<br />You've been warned, now go buy it and tell me I was right!
B00003CX5P|4.0|The Phantom Menace was probably the most heavily anticipated movie in history.  It was the prequel to the original Star Wars series and George Lucas was taking the helm as director for the first time since Star Wars in 1977.  The film was hyped incessantly and, of course, the final product failed to live up to the expectations.  The Phantom Menace is not a bad film.  It actually is absolutely amazing to look at and the special effects are incredible.  The problem with the film is the plot.  It seems disjointed as it bounces around from scene to scene.  It seems that Mr. Lucas was to preoccupied with getting the film to look right than the actual story (which is what made the first Star Wars so great). Many people weren't happy with the casting of several roles, especially Ewan MacGregor as Obi Won Kenobi, but he does a decent job in an undeveloped role. Liam Neeson is commanding as Qui Gon Jin and Natalie Portman is quite good as Queen Amadala.  The biggest complaint that most people had with the film was with the character of Jar Jar Binks and I won't disagree with most of what's been said about the annoying character. Mr. Lucas has previously shunned the DVD arena (American Graffiti is the only one of his films to appear in the format), but he goes about this release with a vengeance.  The extras, including seven deleted scenes, are worth buying this DVD alone.  Mr. Lucas spent an additional four million dollars on them and the money is well spent.
0061040967|5.0|Discworld is a planet shaped like a disk resting on the backs of four elephants that reside on the shell of a humongous turtle.  Currently, the orb faces a worldwide crisis because Cohen the Barbarian and his band of followers are returning to the Gods what was stolen from them: fire.  If the group succeeds in their quest, Discworld will exist no more.<BR>   <br /> Lord Vetinari, the Patrician of Ankh Morpork, is aware of the situation and heads up an expedition to stop Cohen and his horde.  They use a dirigible run by burping dragon's fire.  Other then reaching the heroes, Vetinari and his ilk have no disc-worldly idea how to stop them from returning the fire.<BR>   <br /> Fans of the Discworld novels will definitely want to add the well-written THE LAST HERO to their collection.  The tale includes ninety beautiful illustrations that augment the visual impact of this vividly described magical world.  Characters from previous books appear lending a feeling of continuity for long time readers.  Terry Pritchett furbishes another strong entry with a novella that would make quite a nice gift for young and old fantasy fans.<br /><br />Harriet Klausner
0451169514|1.0|Stephen King fell into something of a slump in the mid 80s to early 90s as most of what he wrote during this time was rather bizarre. With the exception of Misery, books like It, The Tommyknockers and the Dark Half lacked any real sense of horror and were just too incredulous to have any real impact. Although the plots were unique, they never lived up to their potential.<br />Of the three, It was the most promising but also the most disappointing as there were too many characters and too many situations, which made for a rather untidy ending. In Salem's Lot and Pet Sematary, King aims for our supranatural jugular and he does it quite effectively. However, in It, King doesn't try to scare the reader, rather, he appeals to our sense of the grotesque but gets uneven results. \\"It\\" makes for difficult reading as it is rather long. This book dwells too much on the complexity of and the the relationships between the characters, which makes for rather cumbersome reading.<br />Bottom Line: \\"It\\" is not one of Stephen King's better works so unless you're an avid fan of his, this is one book you may not want to bother with.
B00005Q45W|5.0|I have had Leonard Cohen by my side since the '70's, when everyone said he was depressing, I found him inspirational, authentic. This CD is beyond a doubt, fantastic!   I can only describe it as the maturing of no less than a fine fine wine.  He is home.
B000002B1M|4.0|Illmatic is widely considered to be Nas's album, and it is definitely an excellent album. However, as sacreligious as this view may be, I find It was written to be more enjoyable to listen to and therefore better. Illmatic is a very serious album. Nas is anxious to convey his views of the world and he does but he lets very little humor or excitement seep into the album. It was written on the other hands seems to have more pep. The Beats are done by big producers like Dr Dre and the songs feature more guests, such as Jodeci on Black Girl Lost, and Lauryn Hill on If I ruled the World. I also think that this album contains Nas's three best songs. Street Dreams, If I ruled the world, and the mind blowing I Gave you power, perhaps the best extended metaphor in a rap song that I have ever heard as well as the best rap song about guns.
B000059HGY|5.0|I am still surprised by the fact that &quot;Tora!Tora!Tora!&quot; was produced by Americans. I felt the strong faith to the history from this movie. I definitely recommend this movie to all of you whether you are an American, Japanese or anyone else.<BR>However, I was disappointed at the newly added 20-minutes &quot;documentary.&quot; Although the greatest beauty of &quot;Tora!Tora!Tora!&quot; was the spirit of &quot;fairness,&quot; it did not appear in the documentary. The movie was depicted from both the USA and Japanese sides equally according to the historical facts available in 1970. In the documentary, on the other hand, four historians all from the Navy talk about the Pearl Harbor attack according to the &quot;newly available facts.&quot; Of course, they sounded biased (even among American historians). According to the &quot;Tora!Tora!Tora!&quot; spirit, at least Japanese historians had to appear in the documentary.  <BR>I think this &quot;documentary&quot; should be modified. Otherwise, I may ask Oliver Stone to make a film titled &quot;FDR: Day of Deceit.&quot;
B00003CX5A|3.0|Typical of a Burton film Sleepy Hollow is richly atmospheric. What is potentially a dark and gloomy tale is made lively through Depp's delightful and off-beat treatment of Ichabod Crane - a shy, outwardly timid and cowardly detective. Much of the movie serves as an homage to the classic horror genre.<br />Burton's quirky, artistic style establishes the visual gloom of the movie, which is offset by much of the inherit humour derived from Crane's fish-out-of-water syndrome - a 19th century detective trying to scientifically discover a supposedly supernatural killer. The artistic expression of Burton and Depp truly complement each other well as can be seen in Edward Scissorhands, and now in Sleepy Hollow.<br />Burton is ever conscious of atmosphere throughout this movie, and so pacing is affected with the climax and resolution falling short. However, the overall effect produces a solid, entertaining and somewhat ironic film. While rather predictable plotwise, the film relies on atmosphere and characterisation to carry it.<br />Only fans of Burton's style may care to add this DVD to their collection.
B00005MAM2|5.0|I am a huge Anime fan, yet until October 16th 2001, I had not seen Akira. There are two legendary movies I saw for the first time this week. Two movies, considered by most to be the best of their kind. Citizen Kane, and Akira.<br /> I watched Citizen Kane yesterday, and then finished watching the Akira Special edition (bought the limited TIN) a few minutes ago. I can see why both movies are referred to as the greatest movies of their kind. Much like Citizen Kane, Akira influenced every movie of it's genre. Much like Citizen Kane, Akira set standards for others to follow.<br /> The first thing I want to comment on, are the extras. They are FANTASTIC! The second obviously is the movie. This movie is what American Audiences consider the best Anime. The first anime to be so successful in America was Akira. This movie belongs in a museum, and not because it's ancient, but because it's a piece of art. <br /> Every anime has it's &quot;corny&quot; moments. There is always some point or another where there is some over used dialogue, or something about the script makes you laugh at it's absurdity, not Akira. It's a VERY ORIGNAL movie, and you can see why all other animes want to be IT.<br /> Akira is set in troubled times (Aren't they all?). The politicians are corrupt, the economy isn't booming, and the last thing the people of the world seem to care about, are teenagers. Our heroes are ill mannered ruffians, who are part of a biking gang. Somehow they get involved in a government experiment, and one of them becomes a major guinea pig of these experiments. The brotherly relationship between the two male heroes is very touching and is very real, because it's not overdone. The chemistry between the hero and the heroin is very satisfactory. My favourite part is probably when the General decides to start a coup against the corrupt politicians. <br /> The Visual quality of this special edition is actually quite brilliant. I'd go as far as to say, this is almost as good lookingas Samurai X, or Blood. The most memorable visuals in the movie are the Tokyo scenes from a Bird's Eye view. They are simply breathtaking, and remind us of any metropolitan city, such as Toronto, New York.. or Tokyo :)<br /> There are not too many parts in the movie where the lighting is good. This makes for some excellent shade visuals. Sometimes the lighting is red, or blue, and the shading is brilliant. <br /> The movie is not typical at all. Very little comedy, or nudity. Though the violence takes a while to get used to. I really enjoyed this movie for it's visual prowess, and it's great story line. I found the characters memorable, whilst the motorbikes were definitely out of this world! Certain characters possess superhuman powers, and the display is excellent. The physics are well thought out, and the people suffering seemed all too real.<br /> Do I think Akira is the best Anime of all time? I don't know, but it's certainly one of my favourite animes.
B00005NWM3|5.0|These people who are saying bad things about this CD don't know anything about music.This CD has a good rock grove from beggining to end.Every song has awesome guitars and great,I mean great vocals.The singer has a very powerful voice.When I listened to it the first time,I said its a little softer METALLICA.Thats what it is.It's METALLICA only one notch softer but a very great band.Thier musically sound and fun to listen to.Its been the only thing in my CD player for a month now.Best band I've heard in years!
6305358567|2.0|Visually opulent, but, sad to say, ponderous and overlong....a triumph of style over substance...pity, because the Elizabethan era is one of the most interesting political periods in history....see &quot;Elizabeth R.&quot; instead, or even &quot;Lady Jane&quot; (which depicts an earlier time in English history, but much better captures the nasty backstabbing of the Catholic/Protestant struggle in England in the 1500s) ...&quot;Elizabeth&quot; does benefit from some fine performances and has many splendid scenes (especially the closing one)... if only things had been done in 90 minutes or so...
B000002BYD|4.0|The most telling moment on Pearl Jam's fifth album comes midway through the third song, No Way, when vocalist Eddie Vedder, intones the revealing line: &quot;I stopped trying to make a difference/I'm not trying to make a difference&quot;. Yield finds Pearl Jam and producer Brendan O'Brien putting the revolution on hold, ditching the punk rock values evinced on their last two albums and returning to big, brash, stars-and-bars arena rock. Faithful and the first single Given To Fly brandish their traditional rock colors from the mast, with Vedder's tremulous roar underscored by the most insistent of melodies. Wishlist takes it a step further and is so implausibly tuneful it might have been stolen wholesale from a Crowded House record. A singular inspiration to a fleet of smaller vessels - Stone Temple Pilots, Live, Third Eye Blind - currently chugging through the American mainstream, Pearl Jam now sound closer than ever to the bands who've borrowed from them. Yet despite the fact that some of it has the flavor of ggrunge-lite,h many of the songs here have an immediacy and even a certain warmth - not a description normally associated with Pearl Jam - that was sorely lacking on either 1996's atonal No Code or 1994's darkly claustrophobic Vitalogy.
B00004Z311|5.0|Since the 80's, adventure movies for elder kids like 'The NeverEnding Story', 'Labyrinth', 'Indiana Jones 1 -3', 'Hook' became classics all over the world, but it seems like few in Scandinavia knows something about 'Legend'!<br />'Legend' is a fantastic adventure movie with magnificent creatures, dreamlike settings, ground breaking effects without any CGI, and one of the best villians in a moviegenre like this!<br />The movie has many scary images, but there are also many funny scenes with the goblins and the satyre!
6304342586|3.0|Really Smoking<br />This is everything an overblown, Hollywood disaster movie should be. More stars than a room full of generals: Supernovas Paul Newman and Steve McQueen show their grit - without really having to act too much, while white dwarves Richard Chamberlain, Robert Wagner, William Holden, Faye Dunaway and 'ole twinkletoes' Fred Astaire try to escape a fiery fate. Another enjoyable feature is the pre-CG special effects. In light of the WTC disaster, however, itfs difficult to watch this without feeling a little like a morbid voyeur. But isnft that what all disaster movies are about? They make the rest of us feel better off than the poor suckers who couldnft get into the lifeboat or chose the wrong moment to be in a high building.
B00000F5KH|5.0|I don't know much about South American movies, but 'Central Station' is truly a masterpiece, it's both a road movie, an epic drama, and it learns many things about life in South America.<BR>For those who love a non-Hollywood movie, make sure it's 'Central Station', the story is moving and dramatic, the characters are unforgettable, and the music score is a great masterpiece.
B00005BL2A|5.0|Let me be very clear before I start on this - this album is definitely not for those of you who just want &quot;pop&quot; music. However, for those of you who want to hear something a bit different, a bit modern sounding and a bit left-of-centre, then this is the album to get. Depeche Mode have certainly matured and manage to cover everything from Gothic style dark electro (&quot;Dead of Night&quot;) to modern dance (&quot;I Feel Love&quot;) to subdued ambient (&quot;Comatose&quot;). This is probably the most mature and accomplished album Depeche have ever made. Yes, it IS a challenging album, i admit. I've been a DM fan since 1982, and this album was certainly not my cup of tea when i first heard it. HOWEVER, they somehow manage , through their textures of sound, to demand repeated listens - so i listened, again, and again and again and again - before i know it , its required listening in my car. <br />And for those of you who criticise &quot;Dead of night&quot; - yeah, i hated it when i heard it first. Now it simply BOOMS out of my car stereo - those weird acid &quot;whaar&quot; sounds are awesome.<br />If you want to stand out from the crowd, and NOT play Enimem, Britney, Marilyn Manson, or whatever is trendy now - play this one. It's guaranteed to make your friends go - &quot;what the hell is that?&quot; Believe me - they'll be surprised, VERY surprised when you say its Depeche Mode.<br />A sleeper - in fact a monster of a sleeper. I think DM will ship a few million of this album, over 5 years. An awesome record.<br />Nuff said.
B00003CXZ1|5.0|Angelina Jolie is Lara Croft. She sounds like her, has the lips, breasts, body, charm, and attitude of Lara. They couldn't have found a better actress to play Lara. I'm a big fan of the TR games and of Angelina, so I was really anticipating Tomb Raider: the movie. The only thing I was disapointed in was that there wasn't enough action. The action scenes that were in it were good, but I was expecting more. The movie revolved more around story, like Final Fantasy did. The special effects were decent, but for this day and age they should've been a lot better. Like for example the big statue that came to life. It looked very fake and made the scene kind of cheessie, like a couple of the action scenes. Overall, I being a fan was not disapointed. And since I'm a big Angelina fan too, it makes it even better. I'd give the movie 4 stars, but since Angelina is the perfect Lara, I have to give it 5 stars. Hats off to her for bringing Lara to life and doing so well on her english acsent.
B00005NI5Y|5.0|... It would be appropriate to retain the 5 star system excepting when rating Bob Dylan's recordings. In these situations, the reviewer should be offered the option of rating up to, say, 10 stars. I think this suggestion is only reasonable and realistic. It is a simple change and is in everyone's best interests. <BR>Warning: If you are expecting Bob to sing the way he did in 1966, don't buy this.
0385335482|5.0|I bought this book at lunch time and am suffering from sleep deprivation because my greedy eyes had to read every word of this book last night!  <br />Rebecca is a character that you will want to befriend.  I identified with her shopping addiction,lack of respect in her professional life and I cringed through every embarassing moment that she suffered through - and there were many!<br />I also liked the relationship between Becky and Luke Brandon.  As soon as he was first introduced at the press conference, I flipped through the pages hoping that he would appear in later chapters.<br />If you want a book that you can cozy up to and read in one night, this is the book for you!
B00005NI5Y|5.0|To the Los Angeles review&quot;...his greatest music was when he was younger&quot;. blah blah blah... whatever.<BR>Personally. I can't listen to those early recordings. The performances are simplistic and preachy ( &quot;performance&quot; as opposed to the song in its Platonic sense - as opposed to current concert versions of the old songs).<BR>I'm mostly drawn to the late stuff when self-doubt creeps in in a big way. Isn't that why the Albert Hall concert is so cool - the audible war with self-doubt?<br />Right now, Dylan is really neurotic and psycho in an individual, personal way. He knows it. And he knows that's worth hearing.<BR>Oh and by the way, I hope someone else has mentioned how pleasant is Augie Meyers' skating rink accents on BYE&amp;BYE.
B00000JGOJ|5.0|We were just perusing, looking for something good...then we started reading the cast list for &quot;Playing By Heart.&quot; Jilian Anderson, John Stewart, Sean Connery, Ryan Phillipe, Angelina Jollie, Madeline Stowe, and Dennis Quaid, just to name a few of our favorites! Then we watched it and things just got better. Its subtle and colorful, and you're never waiting for next scene except in anticipation!!
B00005JG6Q|5.0|i've watched this over and over again for two good reasons. one is the depth and graphic nature of the script. theres always some deep moral issue or some conflict with individuality and society or whatever.<BR>   and then theres the animation. a lot of people mention the end fight sequences and the distinct style. this is really really good. but what really does it for me is attention to the little things. stuff like the way smoke moves and twists, or the trail of light coming of the motorcycles. violence is present but i dont think its overdone. everything has a purpose or reason for being in this movie<BR>    also theres the pace of the movie and the effects of using sound or silence.<BR>    all add up to a good movie with a distinct goal by the creator. the dvd is good because the image is really crisp and the special features are ok. this version has less than the more expensive one, but i dont think it really matters. i'd just watch the feature.<BR>   i recommend this to anyone except those who think they are too mature for cartoons. those people can go watch their long winded p.t. andersons (not that he's a bad director, just a little wordy).<BR>   i also recommend everyone to watch it in Japanese with the subtitles. i think the jokes seem funnier and the expressions match better with its original language.
0385334206|5.0|This book was given me as a birthday gift. I'd never read a Kurt Vonnegut book before but now I think I'm falling in love with him. While &quot;Breakfast of Champions&quot; had no plot, it was engaging and entertaining and I couldn't put it down. I loved the illustrations, particularly the vagina one.
B00005A1PR|5.0|I enjoyed everything on the album, especially Beautiful. I was truly impressed with the range and talent that she possessed, especially for her first album. I loved the fact that she is inspired by many things in life, especially God. She has a bright future and I wish her all the best!
0767821769|1.0|I have been wanting to view this movie for quite some time. What a disappointment! The only character that was marginally believable was Sarandon's as a mother battling the fears of losing her children to the trophy wife. The rest of the characters were very uninteresting. I think the screenwriter and director should have done better step-parenting research. It would have done them wonders to log on to any number of newsgroups to get a feel for what real step families go through. The characters in this movie weren't real. I was very disappointed.<br />The rest of the movie was bland, boring, and frankly, unbelievable. I mean, what mother can afford to take a child out on a twilight horse ride on a moments notice? And where, pray tell, is this fantastic New York suburb Sarandon lived in that afforded her pastoral views of mountains and woods? Did anyone miss the fact the Roberts worked in NYC and was mysteriously able to pick-up the stepkids at their birthday parties and schools in this lush suburb? Sorry, I grew up in that area of the East Coast and I'm still guessing where this suburb is.<br />Find something better to do with 2 hours. If your really want to watch an excellent movie about the horrors and nuances of divorce see 1982's &quot;Shoot The Moon&quot; with Albert Finney and Diane Keaton. Now that was a good movie.
B00004Z459|3.0|One of the better rap-rock CDs around, if you are into that genre.
B00003CXCT|5.0|Now don't get me mistakened I am a die hard Star Wars fan but I think I know what George Lucas is doing. I think he is waiting for star wars: episodes II, and III to go though the whole big screen process and then hopfully come out with a Ultimate, or Special Edition, or anything you want to call it Star Wars DVD collection. Thats what I would like to happen and if it does all of us will have to wait untill at leat 2005, thats four painstaking long years. We must be very greatfull that we just got a great Star Wars: Episode I, The Phantom Menace DVD to come out. Lets just hope that when they all do come out they have awsome special features, and I most certianly think they will. I also can't wait to see it all digitaly remastered and having the 5.1 doably digital sount that is going to be something. So I can't wait fellow Star Wars fans, and we've waited almost 25 years for this to happen I think we can wait four or five more. Please be patient you don't want Lucas to rush do you?
B00005221L|5.0|this is a classic adventure, sci-fi, thriller, whatever you wanna call it. you can feel the dread as each one of the group is taken out until one remains. and i think the music in this film really adds a lot to the tension and anxiety of the story. great film
6302759110|3.0|Yes, both blood and sex can do wonders for a film at the box office, so when you can combine them in a movie like &quot;Bram Stoker's Dracula&quot;, of course you'll have a hit. You may not, however, have a truly good movie, but that's another matter.<br />This was a somewhat uncomfortably sex-filled movie, so you'll have to be mindful of who you're seeing it with, especially that scene when the beastly vampire is having his way with a willing maiden in the garden. Pass the smelling salts over to Aunt Bee for that one!<br />Anthony Hopkins gets my vote for best sell-out ham acting since Laurence Olivier's Van Helsing from the Frank Langella version.  Once those Brits get that &quot;Sir&quot; title, they just go to pot!<br />It is interesting, though, to see a sympathetic portrayal of Count Dracula, but you see, that's NOT &quot;Bram Stoker's&quot; version, so this film ought rightly to have been named, &quot;Francis Ford Coppola's Dracula&quot; to give credit where it is due.<br />Sink your teeth into this one, if taking all this into consideration, you're game.
B00003CX9E|5.0|i'm sure many others have stated many things about this film, so i won't add much more except that this is an exceptional story, absolutely well written. i've not been a big fan of older films, but this is one i would watch over and over.
0767835255|3.0|...because he is one mean-old President when he gets his Irish up! When terrorists take over AirForce One, it's up to the President himself to subdue the enemy. Suspenseful from start to finish, although feminists should take umbrage at the indecisiveness displayed by the female Vice President who's willing to placate the evil-doers. Notwithstanding that, just the kind of patriotic movie to fire up every red-blooded American.
0671027573|5.0|I loved this book!  It is a great romantic suspense story.  It starts out with a group of women sitting around thinking up a list of perfect attributes for a man.  Unfortunately, this list becomes sensationalized and problems begin for all the women.  I particularly liked the new neighbor who moves in next door and the funny beginning to their relationship.  The characters were great!
B00003CXA2|5.0|Forrest Gump is a movie that needs to be seen atleast once in a lifetime. I believe that all the messages it sends are very important for everyone to realized or be reminded of. If you want to see how good Tom Hanks is in acting , watch this movie.<br />Personally, I think its a keepers and you should even get it on DVD!
0345440757|1.0|This book could be harmful as the author presents some very ignorant and biased opinions that contradict the scientific evidence on babies' physical and psychological needs. For better information I recommend: Our Babies, Ourselves by Meredith Small; The Womanly Art of Breastfeeding; Attachment Parenting; and The Baby Book by Sears and Sears.<br />Some of the poor advice in the book relates to the decision to breastfeed, early weaning, and not holding your baby &quot;too much,&quot; either to put him/her to sleep or at other times.<br />Other reviewers have expressed surprise that Ms. Hogg is a lactation consultant. As far as I can see, she never actually claims to be a certified lactation consultant, something she would surely not fail to mention if it were the case. Instead she describes herself as a &quot;lactation educator,&quot; which means ... ?<br />Ms. Hogg's suggestion that breastfeeding is merely a current fashion, and that formula feeding is an equally valid option, is ignorant and misleading. To suggest that a mother's concern over her body image may be a valid reason not to breastfeed, is sickening. Breastfeeding is currently more &quot;popular&quot; because we now have scientific evidence about its overwhelming superiority to formula, and mothers are becoming better-educated about this.<br />Ms. Hogg also misleads when she says that &quot;feeding on demand&quot; can produce a demanding, overfed baby. &quot;Feeding on demand&quot; is better described as &quot;feeding on cue.&quot; It does not mean trying to feed your baby whenever he/she cries. It means recognizing PRE-crying cues that your baby is *hungry*, and responding to them promptly by feeding. This creates a trusting baby whose nutritional needs are well-met, not a demanding baby!<br />The World Health Organization, based on scientific evidence, recommends breastfeeding for a *minimum* of 2 years. Not all mothers can manage this, but in regard to those mothers who do wish to breastfeed for an extended period, it is extremely ignorant and warped of Ms. Hogg to suggest that they are only doing this out of some selfish psychological weakness in themselves. Yes, mothers usually derive psychological pleasure from this close relationship with their babies/toddlers ... we are biologically designed to feel this way *because* it is in our babies' best interests!<br />Ms. Hogg's ideas about not holding your baby too much (allowing your baby to fall asleep against your body is a &quot;bad habit&quot;??!), are also refuted by the books I mentioned above, and other sources. Be aware that techniques designed for parental convenience can erroneously be presented as being in babies' best interests, e.g. helping to develop babies' &quot;independence.&quot; Certain techniques may &quot;work,&quot; but in what sense? In the sense of creating behavior that is convenient for parents, or in the sense of being truly beneficial for babies?<br />Keep in mind that just because a baby or toddler may appear to adjust ok to not having a need met, does not mean that the need was either unimportant or has magically disappeared, nor does it mean that there will be no repercussions on his/her health and happiness later as an adult, even if the connections are not obvious. Our parenting decisions *are* important, they *will* have effects down the road, and we owe it to our children to base these decisions on the best scientific evidence currently available, rather than on the personal opinions of unqualified, although &quot;experienced,&quot; people such as Ms. Hogg. More accurate sources of information are not difficult to seek out, although not currently on the bestseller lists and perhaps with less catchy titles.
B00005QGAT|5.0|I think it was high time Michael remastered this album. It is one of my favorite albums, like Don't stop till you get enough, Rock with You, and Off the Wall. On this edition they have a new whole picture of michael standing against a brick wall, I actually like this picture better than the original one on the lp.  Its nice to hear michael and janet and randy fight like loving siblings lol.  I recommend this album, the packaging is cool, the booklet is cool....and be on the lookout for MJ he is invincible
1587990717|5.0|Insightful, educational, and sometimes even hilarious.  Taleb has a rare ability to weave probability theory, ancient history and philosophy into entertaining and easy to read prose...Taleb has a style all his own... and now he has moved beyond<BR>books for derivative geeks and written one for everyone...  <br />buy this book.. read this book... you won't be disappointed
B00000K19E|5.0|Whoa!  This movie blew me away!  Great story, breaking special effects, great music, and great acting make this movie a pure movie gem! Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, Carie-Ann Moss, Joe Pantoliano, and Hugo Weaving bring a great story to breathtaking heights!  Don't even sample first. Just BUY!  &quot;I'm not going to tell you what is going to happen.  I didn't come here to tell you what happens next.  That's for you to find out.&quot;
B00005NWM3|3.0|I just recently heard the single, &quot;How You Remind Me&quot; and fell in love with the song. I quickly downloaded it and a few days later bought this CD. I wasn't dissappointed, this CD has some good words and great rock.<BR>Stand out numbers include the abusive first song, &quot;Never Again,&quot; the powerful and catchy radio hit &quot;How You Remind Me,&quot; and &quot;Too Bad.&quot; <BR>What gets this CD 3 stars and nothing higher is it's lack of creativity. We have plenty of angry rock bands with nasty words and lots of bass, but to rise above that stereotype you need something more. Staind rises higher with their extreme words and clear message. Fuel does it with great rock and amazing thought provoking words. Creed also does it with more positive driven words and lots of rock. Nickelback falls short of their mentors and might easily be called a copycat band. <BR>That's not to say I don't enjoy the CD or that you won't enjoy this CD. It's good, but not orginal enough. There is talent here, but they need their own identity and need to leave the silver and head for the gold. This is a band to watch.
B00003CXCQ|5.0|Disney has done justice to this classic.  It's a great film that looks so beautiful on this DVD. While I'm not a B. Streisand fan, her rendition of &quot;Some Day My Prince Will Come&quot; is one of my favorite extras.  But the bottom line is that the FILM is what makes this DVD great.
B000031XCR|5.0|Are you a Celine fan? If you want all her biggest and best songs on one CD with new songs thrown in THIS IS IT! Period.
0451160916|5.0|Having never seen the film version of &quot;The Shining&quot;, I was perhaps lucky in that I came to the book with no preconceptions or expectations.  The only thing worse than seeing a bad film version of a book you read and loved is having seen the movie before you've even read the book.  However, as I've said, this was not the case here, so on with the review.<br />I doubt there are very many people around who don't know the basic plot of &quot;The Shining&quot; (it being so famous that it even found itself the basis for a Halloween skit on &quot;The Simpsons&quot;) but just in case, I'll give it a brief run-through here.<br />The Overlook hotel is a luxury resort in Montana with a rather colourful history.  Due to the harsh Montana weather it closes every winter, but requires a live-in caretaker to ensure that it doesn't become run down.  Enter Jack Torrance and his family, who, desperate to overcome the shadow of Jack's past (and sometimes violent) alcoholism, think that a winter alone together in a rambling old hotel with no every day distractions may be just what they need to get back on track.<br />However, it soon becomes clear that all is not right with the hotel, and when we find out that a previous winter caretaker murdered his family during the long, snowy season, we begin to fear for Danny, the Torrance's young son, who possesses the &quot;shine&quot; a strong sixth sense that allows him to pick up the evil vibes of the Overlook and that also seems to channel the hotel's malevolent power.  The Overlook wants Danny for good, and it will use the highly suggestible recovering alcoholic that is Jack to get to him.<br />Stephen King is a superb descriptive writer, and it is in his atmospheric prose that this book really shines (if you'll excuse the pun).  Nobody can evoke genuine fear from a reader like King, and if you don't get the shivers several times while reading this, I suspect that your nervous system must be damaged.
0316776963|4.0|I saw this book at a glance and picked it up cause i like the cover. I thought it was one of those inspirational kinda thing but the first few pages were totally different. Definitely funny, especially the part where in they were trying to cure his speech and the idiocracies of his dad. Recomended it to my friends and they found it amusing too. A little judgmental at times.
0451450523|5.0|I own this book.....and thought it might be novel to read through the reviews.  I assumed that there would be some who would not *see* this booke for the treasure that it is; however, I was not prepared for the virtual slam dunk of one reader who wrote that this book was not worth reading, simply because it was not on the same level as Lord of the Rings, The Chronicles of Narnia and The Neverending Story.  None of these books are even in the same category with one another, let alone with THE LAST UNICORN.  The book is an awesome read......the video just as good. I thinke you have to take this book on its ground and think what it might be like to *be* the last unicorn.....and to wonder where the rest of your family may be.  And, finding the answer to that, challenge your greatest fear.  Everyone in this book has challenges they need to face and overcome or succumb to forever....as do we all in real life.  The fact that the last unicorn does so successfully and finds herself forever changed gives all of us hope when change and upheaval comes our way.....when we find ourselves faced with our greatest fear.  Read this book. And apply it to your own life.  Namaste.
0380713802|5.0|If you enjoy reading travler's tales then this is the book for you. Mr. Bryson takes his readers on a journey to many interesting countries.  I highly recommend this book, and would give it more stars if I could.
6305297525|2.0|The projects of Robin Williams over about the past two and a half years have brought to light what a fantastic actor he really is.Never has a performer been able to interact infantile comedy with dramatic acting so masterfully.But this one just failed to click with me,like his other recent film ,the superb Patch Adams,did.The story is not only off-putting and depressing,but incoherently told,with no structure or involvement.Needless to say as it meanders on towards the end,it starts to get incredibly boring,despite Williams,Annibela Scorria,Cuba Gooding Jr. and Max Von Sydow trying hard.But it's sloppily directed by Vincent Ward.When you see how reliant it becomes on special effects,you know you're in trouble.Wheras Patch Adams was actually a true story,which never tend to be as entertaining as fiction,it carefully timed the comedy and the serious drama moments,which resulted in something great.Here,it is consistently downbeat and overly sentimental,which results in a one dimensional ,thoroughly unappealling affair.To see Williams turn in the best performance of his career,rent Patch Adams,as it's so superior to this.Sorry,I wanted to like it,but it just wasn't possible.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|I would very highly recommend this album.  This album has<BR>the Beatles' most popular songs on it.  It has such a big selection of songs, spanning the years of their career.<BR>I would give it more stars if I could.
0769273602|2.0|When I purchased this book, I did not know exactly what &quot;fakebook&quot; style meant.  Apparently, it means that the notes correspond not to the notes actually played by the guitar, but to the notes sung by Bruce.  Personally, I was rather disappointed with this discovery, and had hoped for a more in-depth transcription of the music.  The chords and chord charts are useful if you just can't quite figure out exactly which chord is being played in certain songs, although a lot of Bruce's early stuff is pretty easy to figure out by ear, if you've got an ear for music.  Overall, I've given the book two stars, however, in all fairness, I think that any review of a book like this will be influenced by the reviewer's experience level as a guitarist.  This book would be great for beginners and lower-level intermediate players, or for players who just want to learn the basic chord structure of the songs.  If you want to learn solos, or the more nuanced stuff that you can't always pick out of the background, look elsewhere.
0767903862|5.0|I would highly recommend this book.  I found it very interesting.<BR>I'd give it more stars if I could.
B0000520Q1|4.0|This movie was really funny but from the theatrical trailers you would expect that Tom Green would have a big part in the movie but he doesn't he has a very small part which was kind of disappointing. if he had a larger part it would have been 100 times funnier. This movie was pretty funny. even Though Tom Green had a small part it's worth seeing
B00003CXAA|5.0|Francis Ford Coppola's 31 year obsession with the &quot;GODFATHER Trilogies&quot; rewards him with 9 Oscars (to include movie of the year 1970 (Godfather I)and 1972 (Godfather II)), 2 movies voted by the AFI (Amenrican Film Institute) (Godfather I &amp; II - the only sequel ever to be awarded this honor)among the top 100 films in the last 100 years (1998).<BR>Now we can enjoy this complex world of the &quot;GODFATHER&quot; through this complete 5 DVD &quot;GODFATHER COLLECTION&quot;.  This set provides us with the 3 movies and in depth background DVD.<BR>In Summary:<BR>DISC 1 - Godfather I (Oscar/Best Picture 1970) introduces us to Vito Corleone (Marlon Brando - Oscar/Best Actor) the &quot;GODFATHER&quot; his family and his family right after WW II.  Rival Family takeover fails  to assassinate Vito, but murder his oldest son. This causes the unsuspecting rise to power of the youngest son Michael to run and eventually become the Godfather (when Vito semi retires). (Extra - candid commentary by Coppola)<BR>DISC 2 &amp; 3 - Godfather II (Oscar/Best Picture 1972 &amp; Best Director - Coppola) and the continuing rise of power of the Corleone family led by Michael (Pacino) trying to legitimize the family business with flashbacks of a young Vito (Robert DeNiro - Oscar/Best Supporting Actor) in his rise to power.  A parallel story of 2 generations and their similarities in accomplishing the seige of power. (Extra - Coppola commentary)<BR>DISC 4 - Godfather III (1990) Has Michael trying to become respectable and leave his past behind.  Through this process his past proves to be his down fall and major obstruction to his dream of leaving the underworld. (Extra - Coppola commnetary)<BR>DISC 5 - This DVD has many excellent features including a look at Coppolas real family connection to the series - sister ( playing Vitos daughter in all movies -Talia Shire), daughter (Sofia in Godfather III) &amp; father (winning OSCAR/Best Score -Godfather II). The CORLEONE FAMILY TREE (sortsout the characters and their relationships to each other), GODFATHER TIME LINE (you can pinpoint the actual events of the Godfather movies and characters), many deleted scenes which really fills in the details of this complex saga.  Most delightful is the early screen tests and how Coppola and the stars became friends etc.<BR>This DVD set is the most complete allowing us to really understand Mario Puzo's and Francis Ford Coppola's mind set and the world of the &quot;GODFATHER&quot;.
B00003CXAA|5.0|I dont follow some of the reviews being written.  I have a widescreen version; yet someone says its not available.  Someone said the picture quality was poor; I disagree.  It does not have the crispness to the picture that many of the newer movies does, but it is far superior in picture quality and sound when compared to the VHS tapes.  As for additional scenes, that is a tough call.  They are not cut into the movie, which I personally like.  What is contained on the DVDs is the original theatrical cuts; the additional scenese are on the Bonus Material disc.  To me this is how it should be, after all, that is what they are: Bonus Materials.  The saga has been cut up so many times it was nice to see it in its orignal take.  I suppose there could have been additional formats in the set; such as they Godfather Saga  where it is all cut into chronological order, but that would be fine as another set in my eyes.  Is it the box set of all box sets?  Probably not.  Is it the original versions of three of the best movies made with better audio and video?  Unquestionably.  Would it have neen nice to have a &quot;director's cut&quot; with additional scenes?  Certainly, however I would hate to see how many discs that would have been.<br />Bottom line:  If you are looking for something new and jaw dropping, you will be dissapointed.  If you are looking for the trilogy in digital format, you will be happy with your purchase.
B000006U44|5.0|&quot;The Kick Inside&quot; is really a beautiful album. What makes it more unique and special, is that the album was created by a girl of 17 years of age. This was Kate Bush's debut, and it was a stunning and extremely literate debut. Kate's voice soars over an eight octave range to songs that can be sexual, romantic, and spiritual. &quot;Wuthering Heights&quot; (maybe to the annoyance of Kate)is her signature tune in some countries. The song is amazing, and is delivered in a theatrical manner, showing off Kate's beautiful and unorthodox voice and songwriting.<br />This album has one of the best songs written about a one night stand (&quot;L'Amour Looks Something About You&quot;) and the orgasmic (&quot;Feel It&quot;). Despite its positive and romantic vibe, it ends with a suicide note in &quot;The Kick Inside&quot;. Stark and beautiful stuff.
0380817683|4.0|Very enjoyable tale of a woman in denial about drug use. There's some very funny moments in the book, and some very serious ones as well. Location goes between NYC and Dublin.<BR>Characters are well written, and M Keyes did a good job having the point of view be Rachel's - so the denial can be seen through her own eyes.<BR>This book is good to read whether you have an addiction or not, 'cuz chances are you know SOMEONE who might have an addiction that might some extra understanding.
0449227545|4.0|Okay, so it's fluff and yes, there was an overload of profanity, and yes the story that Judy tells young Dusty before he goes to sleep is one of the most ridiculous ones ever, but this book is fun.  That's why I liked it.  It had me interested all the way through, cheering on feisty Judy Maddox and hunky Michael Quersic, hissing at the nasty villains Priest, Star, and Melanie.  The plot is a little far-fetched, but isn't that what good writing is all about; transporting you to an unbelievable environment and making you believe it at least for the length of time it takes to read the novel?<br />Follett has a particularly graphic and disturbing murder early in the book, that made me hate Priest immediately.  Even though Follett tries to make the reader understand where these eco-terrorists are coming from, Priest's way of life is no better than the life he is condemning; he has no conscience or moral code, and he has to have things his way or else.  I cannot understand how Star could have stayed with him so long.  The book's pace is commendable and Follett has a way with words that keeps everything smooth and interesting.<br />The climax is powerful and the wrap up of all the characters is a nice way to let us know what happens with all these people.  Poetic justice befits Mr. Priest's eventual outcome, but I wish he had gotten a little more of what he deserved.<br />All in all, though, it's a good read.
B00003CXAA|4.0|Here's an offer no film-buff could ever refuse. I wish I could tell you the Collection exceeded the high expectations and delivered everything anyone could ever hope for and more, but I can't quite do that.  The films look very good, but I don't think they are as perfect as they possibly could be.<br />There is visible grain and because of how the film was shot at times it is a bit too dark.  The sound in some scenes has an overly processed feel to it and  home theatre system owners won't be overly impressed with the sound separation.  It's just not anything special.<br /> Most of the 3 hours worth of extra material on disc 5 is not comprised of brand new or unique material.  Film buffs and Godfather enthusiasts have probably seen most of  it already. It's great that it's been collected and put together on these discs, but I was yearning for something new, something that would make me say..  Wow...  For that you have the films and the feature length commentaries from Coppola -- Commentaries full of interesting, informative and fun information.<br />The Godfather and The Godfather Part 2 represent two of the finest American films ever made.  What they represent, how they were made, the actors that appear in them all contribute to making the film's special and unique.  Too much time passed by to try and re-capture some of the glories with a Part 3, but remarkably there are moments that indicate the effort wasn't a completely worthless or wasted one.  Part 3 is a fascinating failure on several levels.<br />The original Godfather film is a modern classic which was immediately responsible for inspiring dozens of low budget knock-offs mainly in the U.S. and Italy, a remarkable sequel (Part 2) and then several books, films and television shows such as: 'The Long Goodbye' (England); Scorcese's 'Goodfellas'; TVs Wiseguy; and HBO's Sopranos.  It also proved to be very influential to filmmakers in Hong Kong as well.  The world was alternately fascinated with and disgusted by gangsters.  The Godfather stylized and glamorized not so much the Cosa Nostra, but rather the Corleone family.  They were criminals, but they were criminals with their own morals and ethics.  They appealed to younger filmgoers because there were several parallels one could draw from The Godfather saga.  First one could see how pursuit of the American Dream led to the corruption. Second, one could surmise that a thin line separated the  gangster Corleone's from the great American political and business family dynasties.  Third, the Corleone's could be viewed as dark revolutionaries, carving out their own fortunes regardless of rules or laws.  And fourth, they were criminal's. . . bad guys.  Bad guys always seem more interesting than good guys in literature and in the movies do.  Scarface, Public Enemy and Little Caesar riveted  film audiences in the 1930's.  Some criminals became American folk heroes;  Bonnie and Clyde, and Al Capone for instance while Jesse James, the Daltons and the gunfighters both good and bad of the old west were idolized.  True crime has seemingly always carried a fascination for Americans who internationally have had reputations of being wild, unruly and dangerous.  And so Mario Puzo (and others) created the great Italian-American gangster family, The Corleones.<br />The Godfather was given the kind of epic sweep previously reserved for historical dramas or huge classic literature adaptations.  Mario Puzo's book was a far cry from classic literature.  Puzo had lengthy sub-plots in the book, which had little to do with the life and times of  gangster father and his family.  Coppola wisely stripped the book down to its basics and based his screenplay on the family of gangster contained within the overly sensationalistic book.<br />When one looks at film's that are called masterpieces and lauded as among the finest ever made, one should find that such films had a great impact on the intended audience (even if that impact was limited or one of initial total rejection) and an extraordinary degree of influence.  An influence whose scope transcended the intended target audience.<br />The Godfather, and The Godfather Part 2 are two films that can make that claim.  They offer exquisite period details (1901-1959)  and introduces us to several memorable characters and Corleone  family members.  In the Godfather we have two of the greatestt performances ever captured on film -- Marlon Brando and Al Pacino.  Brando transformed himself into a mature and complex character in what amounted to a major supporting role.  Yes, he won the Best Actor award. . . but his role was really a major supporting role and not the star.  The starring role of the picture is that of the character who changes drastically over the course of the nearly 10 years the nearly three hours movie covers--Michael Corleone.  It is Al Pacino at his best.  And as impossible as it may seem, his performance is even better than Brando's is.  Even more improbable is watching Pacino deliver an even better performance in Godfather Part 2.  Perhaps the finest performance that anyone has ever given on film. A performance that failed to win an Oscar and proved  indisputably for anyone who had any doubts what little relation an Oscar win has to actual and lasting talent.<br />You simply will not find a better performance in any motion picture in the last 30 years than the performance that Al Pacino delivers in The Godfather Part 2.  But brilliant performances don't occur in a vacuum and part of the strength of Pacino's performance is due to the performances of those around him.  Both the Godfather and Godfather Part 2 have some of the best and most memorable supporting performers and represent the strongest ensemble acting in American film.<br />Christopher Jarmick,is the author of The Glass Cocoon with Serena F. Holder a critically acclaimed, steamy suspense thriller.initial total rejection) and an extraordinary degree of influence.  An influence whose scope transcended the intended target audience. <br />The Godfather, and The Godfather Part 2 are two films that can make that claim.  They offer exquisite period details (1901-1959)   and introduces us to several memorable characters and Corleone  family members.  In the Godfather we have two of the greatestt performances ever captured on film -- Marlon Brando and Al Pacino.  Brando transformed himself into a mature and complex character in what amounted to a major supporting role.  Yes, he won the Best Actor award. . . but his role was really a major supporting role and not the star.  The starring role of the picture is that of the character who changes drastically over the course of the nearly 10 years the nearly three hours movie covers--Michael Corleone.  It is Al Pacino at his best.  And as impossible as it may seem, his performance is even better than Brando's is.  Even more improbable is watching Pacino deliver an even better performance in Godfather Part 2.  Perhaps the finest performance that anyone has ever given on film. A performance that failed to win an Oscar and proved  indisputably for anyone who had any doubts what little relation an Oscar win has to actual and lasting talent. <br />You simply will not find a better performance in any motion picture in the last 30 years than the performance that Al Pacino delivers in The Godfather Part 2.    But brilliant performances don't occur in a vacuum and part of the strength of Pacino's performance is due to the performances of those around him.  Both the Godfather and Godfather Part 2 have some of the best and most memorable supporting performers and represent the strongest ensemble acting in American film.<br />Christopher Jarmick,is the author of The Glass Cocoon with Serena F. Holder a critically acclaimed, steamy suspense thriller.
B000002NZO|4.0|OK, so From Genesis to Revelation might not be the album Genesis would be remembered for. After all, it was a collection of pop songs with psychedelic overtones, often compared to the likes of early Bee Gees and the Moody Blues. I used to be rather hard on the album, but I should really cut them some slack, some of the ideas (like those cheesy strings) were the ideas of Jonathan King (a producer of questionable ethics, especially some of the unwanted media attention he's received in recent years), and they just got out of school (Charterhouse, one of England's more notoriously exclusive public schools, \\"public school\\" being the UK equivalent of \\"private school\\"), getting their feet wet, not exactly sure where they're headed, but if it wasn't for the poor labeling of the album that caused poor sales (it only said \\"From Genesis to Revelation\\", no mention of band name, and record stores not sure where to file it other than \\"religious\\"), I'm certain it was also to do with the music that might sound with the times in 1967, but not in 1969 (the music was recorded in 1968). Trespass really shows Genesis getting their feet wet in the prog world. I guess it had something to do with King Crimson releasing In the Court of the Crimson King (that album was released several months after FGTR), not to mention better management (Tony Stratton-Smith) and label, Charisma Records (founded by Stratton-Smith). The original LP was released on the pink scroll Charisma label, but had been issued on many different labels and versions, including American prints of ABC/Impulse, ABC, and MCA, and of course later British pressings. There are only six cuts on this album, \\"Looking For Someone\\", \\"White Mountain\\", \\"Visions of Angels\\", \\"Stagnation\\", \\"Dusk\\", and \\"The Knife\\". \\"White Mountain\\" has some really wonderful acoustic passages and great Hammond organ work. \\"Dusk\\" is a wonderful atmospheric acoustic works showing what Anthony Phillips was made of. \\"The Knife\\" is often thought of as this album's masterpiece, as it's actually quite a bit heavier than the rest of the album, and is quite a shock after you finished hearing \\"Dusk\\". Mellotron was used on \\"Visions of Angels\\" and \\"Stagnation\\", but the band apparently borrowed one. It's little surprise Trespass was not much of a success, except surprisingly, in Belgium, where it reached all the way to number one! How did that happen? Whatever the case, I feel Trespass to be similar to the first two Yes album, getting their feet wet with even better things to come. I feel that Trespass is a bit underappreciated in the Gabriel-era catalog, perhaps it's one of the their less accessible albums. I remember needing to listen to it a bunch of times before I decided that this was a prog rock masterpiece, more so than the album that would follow, Nursery Cryme. In fact Trespass features the earliest material the band still bothered to perform way after Gabriel left. This album, as well as Trespass, Nursery Cryme, The Lamb Lies Down On Broadway, and Wind & Wuthering changed my attitude of Genesis big time. So if you think the best Genesis had to offer was \\"Invisible Touch\\" or \\"I Can't Dance\\", try Trespass and be totally amazed just how different and how much more interesting the band was in their early days.
0780622650|5.0|Lost in Space is one of those movies where you may not have liked it when you first saw it but when given a 2nd chance, you will find it very entertaining.<br />First of all, the original series was never one to be thought provoking. It was intended to be pure adventure and at the same time be campy fun. Where else could you see people battle a monster and then sit down to milk and cookies? Or better yet, bake a birthday cake for a robot??<br />That said, you will see some of the same campiness in Lost in Space the movie. The problem is that most people wont expect that and that may turn them off. Expect it and enjoy it.<br />The movie introduces us to all of the central characters in a hurry, but it works. And as the TV show, they are thrown off course due to Dr. Smith (though his extra weight had nothing to do with it in the film.)<br />Once they are lost, the movie takes on a life of its own. There is an exciting sequence aboard a derelict ship and an ensuing crash. Once on the planet, the story bogs down in a time travel plot that is confusing, full of holes, yet it holds your interest.<br />The acting and the choice of actors in the film are among the best aspects of Lost in Space. While I was afraid William Hurt would be miscast, he came off rather well. To me, Gary Oldman, though he was good and had SOME &quot;Smith&quot; qualities to him, came the closest to being miscast. Maybe if by some chance we are given a sequel to this film (which was left VERY WIDE open) Smith will become the &quot;villain&quot; that he was in the original show. I still think Billy Mumy could have been used in a scene later in the movie. Also look for cameo's from the original Penny and Judy and a significant role from the original Don. Also, the voice of the Robot is the same as in the show. That was a nice touch.<br />The DVD is a pure joy. The sound quality is still one of the best around. The extra's are interesting and there is a lot to see (including some interviews with the original cast.)<br />Overall, Lost in Space is a lot of fun and it is a film the entire family can enjoy.the original cast.) <br />Overall, Lost in Space is a lot of fun and it is a film the entire family can enjoy.
0345409671|3.0|I am a big Ann Rice fan.  I did find it a little dificult to get through this book.  It just seemed drawn out to me.  I did enjoy the story but it couldn't keep my attention as well as the others she has written.
B00003CXZ4|5.0|Brings a whole new meaning to the word &quot;suspense.&quot; I watched it with a friend who'd seen it before and, at times, it was torture not knowing what would happen next. I think I might have yelled, &quot;JUST TELL ME WHAT'S GOING TO HAPPEN!&quot; but I can't be sure.<br />It's overtly about a guy searching for the murderer of his wife. He has no short term memory (He can't remember anything new beyond a few minutes into the past. His real memories end on the night his wife was murdered.) But the film is so layered, reverse accumulation. <br />Guy Pierce turns out another stunning performance. I didn't realize that it was Carrie-Anne Moss from The Matrix until credits were rolling. I highly reccomend this film.
0345360338|3.0|I have read several of Ms Penman's books, and this one has not grabbed me as much as the others.  Ms Penman is prone to the romantic side of things (great for female readers, less so for male readers), and in &quot;Falls The Shadow&quot; she clicks into top romantic gear.  I found it to be more a romantic novel within a historical setting, rather than a genuine historical novel - exacerbated by some historical inaccuracies.  I began to get quite irritated by frequent lines of the like: &quot;...she looked lovingly into his eyes&quot; and &quot;...hold me dearest&quot;, and so on.<br />On the historical inaccuracies point, Ms Penman regularly focuses in the book on the parlous circumstances of the Jews in mediaeval England; however, she completely missed the point that the Jews were expelled from England in the 1190s during the reign of Richard I (much to his horror), and were not re-admitted until the time of Oliver Cromwell in the 1650s.  Her book is set in the mid 1200s - there simply weren't any Jews in England in that period.<br />A good read, but really a high class Mills &amp; Boon.
0792156684|1.0|A. Doing it in the back of a car is not true love, kids. Jack would've ditched her at the nearest port. Think about it.<br />B. Rose let go, after all. Get over it.<br />C. Go watch Casablanca; your brain won't atrophy just because it's B&amp;W. Now that's a love story. (And the dialogue is infinitely better.)
B000059XXZ|5.0|This and batman returnes is going to be classics.I see no flaws in this movie.The charecters are believable and have lots of depth.Micheal Keaton is perfect for the batman.You have to get this movie and batman returnes.Dont get the other 2 sequals. Anyways jack nicklsen playes as the jocker,a perfect role for him and I dont think any one could have played it better than him.The graphics are preety good concidering the age of this movie.Great plot and sound effects.Only flaw that I thought was kinda obvious is that in his jet he was only about 30 or 20 metters away and had a lock on the jocker which was just standing there yet somhow he still succeded to miss.Aside from that little mistake this is a great movie that should be in every family collection,oh yeah,remeber,dont waste your money on the newer sequals because they have so many flaws I wouldent be able to fit them all on this review!!
B00001U0E1|2.0|How could this bit of froth have stolen away Saving Private Ryan's rightfully-earned Best Picture Oscar? Sure, it's clever, but... well, it ain't Shakespeare.
630469797X|5.0|great movie and really gory!!!!!! you have to see this one and turn up the sound turn off the lights hold the one you love, this is part 2 of the night of the living dead and there is all so part 3 all really good zombie movies, <BR>night of the living dead part 1 <BR>dawn of the dead part 2 <BR>day of the dead part 3 <BR>all good zombie movies and a must have,  or if your just starting to get into horror dvds this is the one that every horror fan has or needs  do not pass this one up <BR>it has action it has gore and it has one great story , it can be touching at times thinking that what if this could happen ????
B0000021RG|5.0|Wow. I love chicago at the best of times, and was looking for some of their live work, when I stumbled across this weighty set in a used vinyl bin. The price and condition were right, so I rushed home to give it (them) a spin. I had already been burned by that awful bootleg that's been appearing everywhere, and my expectations were high, but they were adequatly met and then some.<br />4 Records - thats 8 sides, which translates into approx 3 hours of some of the best jazz rock ever to be performed at Carnegie Hall. The music is soothing, soaring, abrasive, sweet, funky, bluesy, heavy, light, sensitive, chaotic, ever-changing, and it is  the work of true pop geniuses at the top of their form and loving it. But don't try and absorb it all in one sitting, I attempted to once and it gave me mental indigestion. 1 side per night is fine, sometimes 2 sides, but it's still a hell of a lot of music. <br />As far as the setlist is concerned, they only had 3 albums out at the time (all were double LP's - in the early 70's you could be as extravagent as you liked), and this is a very good live rendition of most of that early material. <br />I found it well worth the effort to get nicely aquainted with this excelent live recording.
0425166805|1.0|The blather you'll find about &quot;a paradigm shift&quot; in many of the reviews below shows just how dangerous Thomas Kuhn's &quot;The Structure of Scientific Revolution&quot; really is. Of course Kuhn's thesis is puerile and nonsensical (just as his book is very badly written). It has nevertheless enjoyed a great popularity among pseudo-intellectuals. We need to recognize and recognize clearly that pseudo-intellectualism is a form, a particularly virulent form, of ANTI-intellectualism.
B000003BF4|5.0|Un Cd obligado para aquellas personas que dicen ser fanaticos de los Stones, contiene lo mejor que hicieron los Stones al final de los 60s.  Midnight Rambler es sencillamente magistral, muy mejorada en relacion a la version en estudio (nada mala por cierto), el solo de guitarra de Mick Taylor y Keith Richard en Sympathy for... nunca sono mejor.  Ademas contiene rock n roll en su mejor expresion (Carol y Little Queenie). Lo unico malo es que el disco ha debido ser doble!!  <BR>No lo tienes?. Que estas esperando?. Compralo!!!
0060934913|4.0|I've always wondered what happened in the backs of restaurants where cooks and waitresses congregate.  This book answers those questions and more (the blood, the callus, the attitude).  Anthony Bourdain is the modern day Upton Sinclair.
B00003CXCQ|5.0|Yet another Disney classic is pleasing audiences years after its initial release, and Snow White has to be one of the best.  This 2 disc set is full of extras that are not just made for children but for the whole family to watch, which is the way all disney films are made.  This is a must have for any disney fan as its one to add to the collection, and you will get your money out of it as it will be watched over and over again
0671027573|5.0|Mr. Perfect was my first Linda Howard read. I believe it was the best (escape from reality) read that I have had in ages.  I have lent out the book to three friends who have all read the book in a single sit and called me with rave reviews!  I have since read several other older Linda Howard books and have yet to find any others that even come remotely close to the character likeability and plot development of Mr. Perfect.  As I read other reviews on her latest book, Open Season and see that so many people hated her change in writing style that seems to have happened with Mr. Perfect, I can only say keep up the good work Linda!
B00005JKES|1.0|I want to see the entire show--in one boxed set--like the VHS videos!  All 24 or 26 or whatever number of episodes!  If the X-Files and Stargate can put 4 full one hour episodes on one disc, why are these people putting only two?  More money for them--less video for me!  I think I'll wait this one out!
068484267X|4.0|This is a great book no doubt. The recollection of his childhood with added humor which only hindsight can provide is truly heartrending. No child in this world deserves to grow through this. But I have my own doubts whether all the content was real and not a fiction of his imagination. I did ask some Irish immigrants to the US and they were upset about the stereotyping of the hard nosed Irish Catholic in this book. In many parts, the book seemed to offer whatever you want to hear and not what actually transpired.<br />  I read a very similar book about poverty in India told with a distinct sense of humor - &quot;A Fine Balance&quot; by Rohington Mistry. If you enjoyed Angela's Ashes then you will definitely like this one.
B00003CXZ4|5.0|I passed by this film several times at the rental store, but I'm so glad I finally picked it up.  As previously mentioned, Memento is about a man unable to make new memories searching for a killer based on messages he writes and photographs he takes for himself.  Imagine not knowing where you are or how you got there every time you wake up.  Now imagine trying to track the person that killed your wife with this condition.  <br />The thing I enjoyed most about this movie is how we are introduced to a scene where neither the audience or the main character know how he got there.  Then scene by scene we backtrack until it makes sense.<br />The supporting cast make this movie even more interesting.  Buddy and the woman (forget her name) each seem to have their own agenda.  Leonard (main character) interacts with these people based on the messages he writes on their pictures.  You will have to watch this movie (on the edge of your seat) to find out if that was a good idea.
0446677450|4.0|My husband had originally purchased and read the book, he was so inspired and excited by the information that I was encouraged to do so too (I purchased the book on cassette). I feel this book is written in a way that inspires you to do better for yourself and your children. While I will still encourage our children to get a good education - now I will also encourage them to be diligent in educating themselves about money as well. I am hopeful that my husband and I (with further education) can teach our children about money (assets vs. liabilities) by example. I will highly recommend this book to everyone I know that is interested in doing better for themselves financially. You should know that no one thing/book could ever be the answer, but this book is a great place to start and gives you a lot of food-for-thought.
6303998704|5.0|I first saw this film as a kid and NEVER forgot the haunting dance scene in the pavilion. The chase scene on the beach is terrifying.  It gave me nightmares and I never forgot it.  now I own the film (along with the B/W Night of the Living Dead).  Two of the all-out creepiet and disturbing films I have ever seen.  If you need buckets o'stage blood and hokey hockey-masked figures wielding scythes to be scared, you probably cannot appreciate the documenatary-style bizarreness of Carnival.. Soundtrack alone is a true Hallowen treat!
1573301183|5.0|Right from the start of this concert, I was immediatly impressed by the sound quality. The accoustic bass guitar is an added treat. The vocals are clear and crisp with no distortion at all. I only purchased this dvd about a week ago and it has become one of my favorites. not bad for 54 year old. I would recommend this dvd to anyone.
B00000D9TK|5.0|This '1998 french CD' by Celine Dion is so cool, man this lady can sing great in french and in english....i enjoy this french CD even though I cant understand what she's singing about,lol!<BR>Some of my favorite tracks are, ~zora sourit~, ~on ne change pas~, ~terre~, ~l'abandon~, ~dans un autre monde~:) Well every song is worth listening to believe me:-) So please get this french CD of Celine Dion, it's worth it:)
0140288503|4.0|... for anyone who thinks the war on terrorism will be easy, glorious or swift.<br />&quot;War is hell&quot; is a cliche, but it's a perfect description of the story recounted by Bowden.  He captures the humanity -- and the fallibility  -- of America's best soldiers, extraordinary men pushed to, and beyond, their limits.
B00005Q5WC|5.0|Exodus was one of the greatest Bob Marley releases of his legendary career.  It was a watershed mark for Reggae and for Popular music as we know it.  Now we get an expanded addition of this classic album.  Rich with alternate versions and other previously unreleased live tracks and remixes.  But what truly shines here is the original Exodus material.  All of Marley's talent is summed up on this album, it offers everything and then some.  From the infectous steady groove of Jamming to the global harmony chants of One Love the album never dissappoints.  It is classic.  And in these troubled times of the last month Three Little Birds seems to make us feel &quot;allright.&quot;  So just remember what Marley sings, &quot;Don't worry about a thing, every little thing is going to be allright.&quot;  This is a must for any music collection.  An important re-released version of one greatest albums every made.
B00005176F|1.0|Blur is the most God awful band that there ever was!  The singers vocals are horrendous!  He sounds like a whiny little .......  If you like poor music and wasting money then by all means get this, but if you like GOOD music then skip this steamy pile of dung.
B00003CXXJ|5.0|We took our four-old daughter to see this over the summer.  She loved it.  It was quite humorous and had many catchy songs in it that our daughter still recognizes on the radio.  It never got drawn-out and boring.  We loved the adult humor in it as well.  It is a movie that the whole family can enjoy.
B00001P4RI|3.0|i'm upset that other people who wrote reviews for this cd complained about Lisa's contributions to Dead Can Dance, because for me her role was the best part, &amp; Brendan's pop formula retreat [ie lingual vocals at the forefront...] was the only part of it I never loved much.
020530902X|5.0|I graduated from college a LONG time ago and Elements Of Style is still on my bookshelf and constantly used.  If you are a college student, do not feel bad about an English teacher making you buy this book because you will use it.  And if you are in the business world writing ANYTHING and are not using this book, you could be writing much better.<br />Do yourself a favor, buy this book and let yourself write like you know what you are writing about.  However, don't plan on sitting down and reading this book.  It is only a reference.
B00003CXCQ|5.0|If only all DVD's were this wonderful! This stunning release of SNOW WHITE AND THE SEVEN DWARFS is the THE best DVD package ever assembled.<br />Of course the highlight of this set is the superb new restoration job seen in the print.  This was acheived by taking the original dirt-encrusted nitrate camera negative, cleaning each frame individually and then transferring it to High-Definition video.  It is even better than the 1993 restoration and subsequent 1994 video release.<br />The actual movie is spectacular in itself, but the experience does not end there. The Magic Mirror and Angela Lansbury act as your guides for Disc 1, while the Mirror guides you through a world of extras in Disc 2. Very exiting, it makes you feel like you are there. No wonder Buena Vista are calling this a &quot;totally-immersive DVD experience&quot;. You could spend weeks just exploring; don't be a pig and do it all in one sitting.<br />The film is still the animated classic by which all others are judged - no doubt this DVD will be the one by all others are judged too!<br />SNOW WHITE AND THE SEVEN DWARFS - featuring the voice talents of Adriana Caselotti (Snow White), Lucille La Verne (Evil Queen/The Crone) and Harry Stockwell (The Prince).
0783225849|5.0|Okay, what else can you say about Psycho that no one else has? Probably nothing. It's a brilliant movie that broke all the rules of storytelling, scared you silly, and shocked you with its ending. This DVD version is a great treatment of the film. Beautiful transfer, cool behind the scenes extras and featurettes, great commentary. A must have for your film collection, and Hitchcock's greatest.
B00005R2BG|1.0|I saw the movie and I want to help those poor people who are about to lose two hours of their precious time. I seldom heard such emptyness. The script is level zero of content. If Fox wants to survive, one of the first things it has to do is fire the sript-writer but maybe there was not any or maybe, to save money, Baz Luhrmann did ask some young illiterate 12 years old boy to write something about Paris, Love and Moulin Rouge. Whatever, the result is a complete disaster. Everything sounds wrong and you cannot understand why Nicole Kidman would fall in love with such a dumb guy who has no idea about writing or singing, and certainly no gift for poetry. Besides, be sure to find all the clichs about Paris, love and Toulouse-Lautrec! <BR>If the movie had been mute, it would have been better because, yes, the pictures and the colors are beautiful.
0671578855|5.0|I didn't want to like this book.  This is only the second book of this series that I have read (the other was Memory), and I approached it with some trepidation given that, from the illustration and intro copy on the cover, it almost feels more like romance than sci-fi.  But I must admit that at times I found myself howling with laughter, and at other times almost moved to tears.  The central dinner party is truly one of the funniest scenes I have read in a long time, and the climactic council scene successfully brought the various elements of the story to a satisfying conclusion.  The central characters are likable and Miles certainly demonstates an admirable capacity to learn from his mistakes.  Highly recommended.
0783240236|5.0|Still terrifying even today, Alfred Hitchcock's THE BIRDS is the ultimate for sheer thrills and exitement.<br />Tippi Hedren (MARNIE) and Rod Taylor (THE GLASS BOTTOM BOAT) lead a strong cast as Melanie Daniels and Mitch Brenner.  When Melanie travels down to Mitch's family estate in Bodega Bay (bringing a pair of lovebirds with her), a bizarre chain of events begins when she is attacked by a seagull.  Soon more and more birds flock and descend on the sleepy hamlet in one horrifying attack after another, each more gruesome than the one before...<br />With an effective use of flapping wings and ominous bird sounds as opposed to a full musical score, the atmosphere is tense and moody for the whole duration of the motion picture.<br />The DVD includes the documentary &quot;All About The Birds&quot;, Tippi Hedren's screen test with Martin Balsam, the trailer and original ending/deleted scene with original storyboard art.<br />With Suzanne Pleshette and Jessica Tandy.
B0000025VU|5.0|Yes, it's a shame about all the reported omissions from this album.  Still, rather than focus on what it could have been, people should appreciate &quot;Infidels&quot; for what it is:  It's Bob Dylan's best work during the past two decades.  If there's ever been a more evocative song than &quot;Jokerman,&quot; I'm not aware of it.  The guitar work thoughout is exceptional, especially on &quot;Man of Peace.&quot;  &quot;Sweetheart Like You&quot; is heartbreaking, &quot;Union Sundown&quot; is clever in its pointedness (and ever on-the-mark, almost 20 years and one NAFTA agreement later).  &quot;Don't Fall Apart on Me Tonight,&quot; as the closing song, is a sweet and hopeful cleanser to all the doubt and anger that carries every other song before it.  No, not every track belongs on a &quot;greatest hits&quot; collection -- but I would argue that &quot;Infidels&quot; is filler-free, and that it's stood the test of time.  &quot;Infidels&quot; is perfectly fair answer to the question:  What's the most underrated album of all-time?
0790740443|3.0|One aspect of &quot;Soldier&quot; that a lot of people miss is the fact that the story is set in the same universe as &quot;Blade Runner&quot;. For instance, Tanhauser Gate gate is mentioned. This was the same battle in which the replicant Roy Batty fought in. In addition, when Kurt Russell arrives on the waste planet, you can see a discarded spinner vehicle in the background. Very cool. As the colonel says something about DNA recombination, I would assume that the replacement soldiers are replicants as well.
6300213803|5.0|The Wrath Of Kahn is probably the second best show, but I'm not really sure because I stopped seeing them nearly half a year ago.  Anyway, the \\"Napoleon\\" from the Eugenics Wars comes back and seeks revenge on Admiral Kirk.  Then it erupts into a mean battle when Sulu lowers the Reliant's shields and blows some of her.  But I'm not telling you any more since it's better than any battle.  Enjoy seeing this motion picture.
0380789019|4.0|As I read through the novel, I kept getting drawn in to the idea of a London below, and how other cities, New York, Calcutta etc.. . had their own dark shadows, their own underworlds. This facinated me, the idea of something right under your nose that you see, but you ignore.<br />Every city has one, so there's one right here, right now. There are probably people walking past me going about their own business, in their own world. These are people I see, but somehow my mind, in a modern above-world psychology, forgets about it in the next instant.<br />I just think of the homeless person I passed on the street the other day, he was huddled under a blanket. I passed him, and didn't think about him again until I wrote this review. That's the Wellington &quot;Neverwhere&quot; at work.<br />A facinating piece of fiction, with all of the wizardry and creatures you'd find in any fantasy novel, but with an edge of the frighteningly familiar. There are images of things you see every day that you never think about, unless you bother to focus on them.<br />The one book that this reminds me of more than any other is &quot;Seventh Son&quot; by Orson Scott Card. It's a view of colonial America, but where all the hexes and jinxes are real. These two books are very similar, but this one is much closer to the modern world and what you see around you every day.<br />If you like this book, take a look at Orson Scott Card's &quot;Tales of Alvin Maker&quot; series. The first three books are excellend and strike a similar chord in me. Also, take a look at other books by Neil Gaiman, especially any of &quot;The Sandman&quot; comics or graphic novels where Gaiman's writing is brilliantly matched up with pictures that match the gloomy, strangely lit world that is close to &quot;Neverwhere&quot;
B00005MP58|5.0|I just wanted to join the chorus of praise for this movie.  I especially liked the Special Edition DVD with the &quot;making of...&quot; feature and biographies.  Everyone that likes anything close to period pieces, Jane Austen, BBC productions, etc. should own this!
B00003CXWV|3.0|This film presses all the right buttons, but being touted as basically the true-life story of George Jung, I was disappointed that the film paid little respect to the chronology of significant events and completely overlooked many of the defining moments of George's career.<br />Having already read the book &quot;Blow&quot; - available from Amazon and an excellent biography - perhaps I found it more difficult to get &quot;into&quot; the movie, often asking myself &quot;why is this happening/not happening now?&quot; amongst other things...<br />A few obvious changes for dramatic effect, perhaps.....<br />1. George's first girlfriend (played by the babelicious Franka Potente) tell's George she has an incurable disease, so he skips bail to hang out with her in Mexico until she dies. In actual fact, the girlfriend was dumped pretty quickly, was never fatally-ill (interviewed for the book) and was one of a long, long succession of girls that George used and discarded during his &quot;career&quot;. He skipped to Mexico purely because he didn't want to go to jail, and move into &quot;quantity&quot; smuggling of marijuana.<br />2. George is basically kidnapped and taken to Colombia to meet Pablo Escobar, - a test - and this meeting &quot;starts&quot; the whole coke business. In fact however, George had been importing/dealing large quantities of coke for a few years before going to meet Pablo - something he did voluntarily on his own, to gain status among the Florida-based Columbians and gain favour with Pablo in his problems with Carlos Lehder - a cartel member.<br />The movie ignores or trivialises many of George's character traits - huge long-term coke usage and the resultant psychosis and paranoia, his life-long addiction to hookers, kinky sex, including masochistic tendencies played-out by cross-dressing (french maid)and being dominated and &quot;spanked&quot; by his wife while tied spread-eagled to their marital bed, among many others.<br />The turning point, the startof his &quot;real&quot; troubles is when George confides his secrets to an undercover cop whom he meets one afternoon on the beach out-front of his house. In short-order, George invites the guy into his house, tells the cop that he's a big-time smuggler and immediately makes him part of the &quot;operation&quot; without knowing anything about the guy. This of course brings big heat onto George, and the good-guys start engineering George's downfall.<br />The movie omits this entire pivotal event however, perhaps because the real-life event, that for a genuine big-time dealer with $30m stashed in the house,at least, displayed a degree of stupidity and naievety that would make Johnny Depp's George (smart, hip, trusting)look stupid and just too unbelievable to be sympathetic.<br />Nor is there any factual basis for the whole father/daughter interplay in the movie, which I personally think is overdone, and is pretty out-of-character anyway. <br />Finally (at least for this review) the money George had stashed away in Panama, approx. $50m apparently, was not confiscated by the Panamanian Govt (Noriega)- George never visited Panama - but was stolen by the pilots who opened the bank account for George, (co-signatories) and flew the cash down on a regular basis over several years. It defies belief that over several years, George never thought to enquire about the balance of his account, and just kept shuttling the cash into the account, but that's what actually happened.<br />Carlos Lehder was arrested in Colombia - basically fingered by Escobar for bringing the heat down on the cartel because of his loopy political beliefs, extradited to the States, with George being the main prosecution witness. This gained George early release, and it was actually another bust in the mid-80's that reulted in George's present incarceration. Again, none of this was in the movie, although I think it would have brought another perspective to George's characterisation, and also given George some revenge for his beating by Carlos' thugs on Norman Cay (never happened) had it been included.<br />I guess all these and many more factual inaccuracies in combination with Johnny Depp's overly sympathetic portrayal of George - almost a victim of circumstance - and definitely too &quot;nice&quot; to be in the drug business, are so far off the real-deal that it made it very difficult for me to give this movie the respect that so many others think it deserves.... <br />All this doesn't stop the movie being good entertainment but I can't help thinking how good it &quot;could&quot; have been, had it been a little more true to George's real story.<br />The cast is generally outstanding, the look and sound of the DVD transfer never less than luscious, and the soundtrack really brought back the  70s / early 80s for me - a time of bad fashion, worse haircuts, and for most of us, a time probably best forgotten.<br />Buy the DVD. The book &quot;blow&quot; is definitely worth reading, and if you're still interested in the whole coke thing, consider checking out the book titled &quot;Killing Pablo&quot; a factual look at the the coke business, the Medelin cartel, and the hunt-for and eventual killing of Pablo Escobar. Now &quot;there's&quot; a movie just begging to be made......
B000002H5I|5.0|Tracy gives you a little bit of everything on this CD. She talks about love, abuse, and even a fast car. She also might get you to ask the question, &quot;Why&quot;? None of her other albums have been able to capture the emotions and feelings that she produced on this album. If you are new to Tracy's music, start with this one beacuse this is truly her finest work.
0066620996|4.0|This study was stimulated by Mr. Bill Meehan's (head of McKinsey in San Francisco) observation that Built to Last wasn't very helpful to companies, because the firms studied had always been great.  Most companies have been good, and never great.  What should these firms do?<br />Jim Collins and his team have done an enormous amount of interesting work to determine whether a good company can be come a great company, and how.  The answer to the former question is \\"yes,\\" assuming that the 11 of 1435 Fortune 500 companies did not make it there by accident.  The answer to the latter is less clear.  The study group identified a number of characteristics that their 11 companies had in common, which were much less frequently present in comparison companies.  However, the study inexplicably fails to look at these same characteristics to see how often they succeed in the general population of companies.  If these characteristics work 100 percent of the time, you really have something.  If they work 5 percent of the time, then not too much is proven.<br />How were the 11 study companies selected?  The criteria take pages to explain in an appendix.  Let me simplify by saying that their stock price growth had to be in a range from somewhat lower than to not much higher than the market averages for 15 years.  Then, in the next 15 years the stocks had to soar versus the market averages and comparison companies while remaining independent.  That's hard to do.  The selected companies are Abbott Laboratories, Circuit City, Fannie Mae, Gillette, Kimberly-Clark, Kroger, Nucor, Philip Morris, Pitney Bowes, Walgreen, and Wells Fargo.<br />As to the \\"how,\\" attention was focused on what happened before and during the transition from average performance to high performance.  Interviews, quantitative analyses, and business press reports were studied.  Clearly, there's a tendency to see things a little bit with 20-20 hindsight in such a situation.  Since this study started in 1996, it was dealing with facts that were already quite old while they were being examined.  Bias is likely.<br />The key conclusions as to \\"how\\" included the following:<br />(1)  a series of CEOs (promoted from within) who combined \\"personal humility and professional will\\" focused on making a great company;<br />(2)  an initial focus on eliminating weak people, adding top performing ones, and establishing a culture of top talent putting out extraordinary effort;<br />(3)  then shifting attention to staring at and thinking unceasingly about the hardest facts about the company's situation;<br />(4)  using facts to develop a simple concept that is iteratively reconsidered to focus action on improving performance;<br />(5)  establishing and maintaining a corporate culture of discipline built around commitments, with freedom about how to meet those promises;<br />(6)  using technology to accelerate progress when it fits the company's concept of what it wants to become; and<br />(7)  the company builds momentum from consistent efforts behind its concept that are reinforced by success.<br />Then, a connection is made to how these 7 conditions can provide the foundation for establishing a Built to Last type of company that can outperform the competition over many decades.<br />One potential criticism of the study is that its conclusions could be dated.  Former Stanford professor Collins argues that he has uncovered basic facts about human organizations that will be unchanging.<br />I compared the conclusions in this book with my own studies of top performing CEOs and companies in the 1988-2001 time period.  I noticed two major differences that suggest a shift in \\"best practice\\" standards.  First, those who outperform now have developed processes that create major improvements in their operating business models every 2-5 years.  Second, senior management development is focused around improving a culture for defining and implementing such improvements.  I suspect that item (4) above was anembryonic predecessor to these new dimensions, which occur much more frequently now than in this study.<br />Next, I compared the list of 7 items to what I had observed in companies.  The biggest point that hit me is how few CEOs have been interested in creating long-term outperformance that lasts past their own tenure in an industry.  You also have to be a CEO for a long time with that focus before you have a chance to make a lasting impact.  Founders have a special advantage here.  Perpetuating outperformance may help fill a psychological need for immortality that fits with founders especially well.<br />Finally, I thought about what I knew about the companies studied from personal contacts during the study years.  My sense is that their stories are far more complex than is captured here.  So, I think the data have probably been \\"scrunched\\" to fit together in some cases.  In particular, I wonder whether these companies will greatly outperform in the next 15 years.  In many cases, they expanded to meet an unfilled need that is now largely fulfilled.  Can they develop a new concept for (4) that will carry them forward as successfully in the future?  My guess is that most will not.  If that turns out to be the case, we must conclude that the items on this list may be necessary . . . but may not be sufficient to go permanently from good to great.  Time will tell.<br />Before closing, let me observe that if the research team had also looked at the rate by which their principles succeeded among companies that employed them, this would have been one of the very finest research studies on best practices that I have seen.  A book like this will provoke much discussion and thought for years to come.  Perhaps that information can be included in a future edition or printing.  Then, we will have something magnificent to consider!<br />Do you want to be the best permanently?  Why?  Or, why not?  Mr. Collins points out that it probably takes no more effort, but a lot more discipline and focus.bove was an embryonic predecessor to these new dimensions, which occur much more frequently now than in this study.  <br />Next, I compared the list of 7 items to what I had observed in companies.  The biggest point that hit me is how few CEOs have been interested in creating long-term outperformance that lasts past their own tenure in an industry.  You also have to be a CEO for a long time with that focus before you have a chance to make a lasting impact.  Founders have a special advantage here.  Perpetuating outperformance may help fill a psychological need for immortality that fits with founders especially well.         <br />Finally, I thought about what I knew about the companies studied from personal contacts during the study years.  My sense is that their stories are far more complex than is captured here.  So, I think the data have probably been \\"scrunched\\" to fit together in some cases.  In particular, I wonder whether these companies will greatly outperform in the next 15 years.  In many cases, they expanded to meet an unfilled need that is now largely fulfilled.  Can they develop a new concept for (4) that will carry them forward as successfully in the future?  My guess is that most will not.  If that turns out to be the case, we must conclude that the items on this list may be necessary . . . but may not be sufficient to go permanently from good to great.  Time will tell.<br />Before closing, let me observe that if the research team had also looked at the rate by which their principles succeeded among companies that employed them, this would have been one of the very finest research studies on best practices that I have seen.  A book like this will provoke much discussion and thought for years to come.  Perhaps that information can be included in a future edition or printing.  Then, we will have something magnificent to consider!<br />Do you want to be the best permanently?  Why?  Or, why not?  Mr. Collins points out that it probably takes no more effort, but a lot more discipline and focus.  <br />
B00003JRCQ|3.0|I love all things Jane Austen so enjoyed this movie but the main characters were so sedate that it would be hard to get into I think if you had not already read the book and seen the 70's version of Persuasion which was much more developed and more alive.  If you like period pieces and Jane Austen in particular it's worth owning but don't worry about getting too emotional or stirred up by this film, you won't.
0425170349|1.0|Basic course in human psychology:The main motivator for the human species is; the survival and continuity of the human race.<BR>That is why Mr. Clancys latest and perhaps most appalling attempt at litterature, plotwise ,missteps horribly.<BR>The idea that a network of well educated &quot;eco terrorists&quot; could congregate to develop and unleash a virus so deadly ,it will wipe out the entire human race (save a few select individuals) so that &quot;it would be possible to hunt deer among the ruins of New York City&quot;, is so over-the-top hilarious, that even the most devoted Tom Clancy fan should notice that something is not quite right.I must STRESS the word should!!<BR>And I havent even mentioned the quality of the writing: Its on par with what an average high school student could come up with.The prose is an uninvolving paint-by-the-numbers job ,that would never have been considered fit for printing, if it werent for the &quot;Tom Clancy&quot; brand name.<BR>Other concepts in the book are equally improbable, like the multi-national counter-terrorism force (so much for Op-Sec) after whom the book is named.<BR>Granted, good and realistic ,special forces litterature is hard to come by but you could hardly do any worse than &quot;Rainbow Six&quot;.<BR>By the way, I would have liked to give Tom Clancys &quot;Rainbow Six&quot; a rating of &quot;zero&quot; stars.
0767824571|5.0|From the moment you see King Arthur (Graham Chapman) and his trusty aide Patsy (Terry Gilliam) ride out of the fog at the beginning of Holy Grail (I won't spoil the joke, it's one of the best), you know it's going to be on of those films. By &quot;those&quot;, of course, i mean films that are consistently funny throughout. And Grail is one of the most startingly original comedies of all time. It's hard to imagine that it was produced by a comedy group that merely a year before had put together a woefully unfunny final series of Monty Python's Flying Circus.<BR> What makes Holy Grail so deliriously funny is the absolute anarchy of it all, the wide range of jokes, running and self contained. It has off the wall moments of nonsense that surely must have been dreamt up by the clinically insane. The Knights who say &quot;Ni&quot;, the killer rabbit, the bridge of death, none have lost their power to split the sides of the viewer. Best are John Cleese's Black Knight and Michael Palin's repressed peasant: &quot;Come and see the violence inherent in the system! Help! Help! I'm being repressed!&quot;<BR> Yes, it's extremely silly. But what makes Grail, and the later Monty Python's Life of Brian, stand the test of time more so than the TV series and the film Monty Python's Meaning of Life is that the jokes are so accessible. They are not obscure or pretentious, they are just plain funny.<BR> What stops this from being a master piece is an all over the place narrative and a very, very disappointing ending, but these are small quibbles. The storyline may be flimsy, but the jokes that are hung on it are of a high calibre. The closest you can come to pure, unadulterated comedy.
B0000507OD|4.0|I watched this documentary as part of the Citizen Kane DVD. It is good, telling about the power struggle between Orson Welles and William Randolph Hearst. I also never knew before just how much Welles and Herman J. Mankewickz borrowed from Hearst's life when they wrote the Citizen Kane screenplay. But though it was supposed to be about Citizen Kane, the documentary didn't tell that much about the film itself. It was also rather slow and repetitive. How many times do I need to know that Hearst was a powerful man or that Welles was a young genius? I wanted to learn more about the movie itself. The extras were also nil, there being only a chapter selection and ads for other documentaries...
B00005N9CV|3.0|My favorite Diana's album is \\" Sttepin out \\". Great piano, bass and all...<BR>In this new album, we don't hear her great piano and the superb guitar of Russel Malone is irrelevant here, even with Dori Caymmi, a fellow brazilian guitarrist, featuring in a track.<BR>I love Diana Krall but this CD isn't the best of her brilliant career.<BR>I want much more from her.<BR>Who knows maybe the next one !
B00004VVNB|5.0|When I watched this as a youth back in 1980 or so, I really thought I must be the only one weird enough to not only like it but love it. Since then, I've seen it lots of times. Now the DVD has made it even better, with a very nice anamorphic transfer, and a very imaginative re-mastering of the sound into 5.1 surround. The whole job done on the DVD is first-rate, including snappy, subtle menus (none of that expensive, interminable Star Wars etc. tripe!).<br />The commentary is both informative and amusing. The director Michael Anderson gives a good performance, accompoanied by Michael York who is very suave and silly, as you would expect him to be. He actually says things like, &quot;you know, in movies, they sometimes go from the studio set to outside, just like that!&quot; which is very funny. Also featured is the costume designer whose name of course escapes me. He sometimes seems a little embarrassed, but really I think most people wouldn't have the costumes any other way.<BR>If anyone is reading this who doesn't already know the movie, I'd be surprised. It's THAT kind. Any showing in a group will result in disaster, unless your friends are all of a very like mind.<br />This movie isn't out on DVD in the UK, forcing me to cheat because I can't wait for it. PAL, by the way, is a bit sharper than NTSC but flickers a little more, so take your pick.
6305807086|2.0|In the end, what was the point? The movie started good, good cast, good premise, but then towards the middle, the movie started to sway from an existential exercise to some science fiction routine about vessels that live forever.<br />In the end, I felt the movie didn't know how to tie it all up. It was torn between the surreal existential statement and a sci fi ending. The sci fi ending didn't meet the expectations built up, neither did it do anything for me. <br />Sorry to say, but I didn't see the qualities that gave the film all those oscar recommendations.
B00003CXXS|3.0|Why would Universal have given the &quot;OK&quot; on this film? It was bad! Steven Spielberg didn't direct or write. He produced it, but I imagine he was so busy with &quot;A.I.&quot; that he didn't realize how bad this movie would turn out. Conned into visiting site B, Alan Grant leads a search party for a couple in the midst of a divorce's son. They discover not only that the dinosaurs are thriving on the island, but they are evolving. They can now communicate! The story is pretty lame! The original film should have been left alone! I'm not saying its the worst waste of your money. I wasn't sorry I saw it, but I wish that they had come up with a better storyline!
B00003CX5P|4.0|I've read other reviews, and people are saying they're impressed with these discs, which makes me wonder if it's just me...<br />I've looked at the movie and the special feaures disc, and I'm convinced my movie disc doesn't play as well as the same shots on the demo disc. The colours are weaker and the whole image is often fuzzy or lacking in contrast. Obviously the problems are of a minor order, but I've got a good quality player and TV and this is not normally a problem. (This is a Region 2 disc I'm talking about - but they're usually even a bit better than R1 discs.) Has anyone else noticed a less-than-perfect transfer?<br />I expected something in the order of &quot;Gladiator&quot; or &quot;Charlie's Angels&quot;, both of which look much better on my system (please somebody tell me it's not just me).<br />The fancy menus were nice to look at but tedious in operation, with too much waiting for your very ordinary request, and why shouldn't you be able to directly select audio channels?<br />The commentary was obviously going to be very &quot;corporation&quot; with this such a new, important product. Not so much of the insider information, and lots of G. Lucas' monotonous voice, most of the time making you understand just how hard it was to make the plot work. He seems pathologically unable to say that he has ever changed his mind about the plot since 1977. Perhaps he does this unconsciously to keep intact a feeling of myth about the story. However I agree with another reviewer in finding the introduction of the &quot;midi-chlorian&quot; theory for gauging who was &quot;strong with the force&quot; to be very anti-mystical.<br />I quite expect commentaries, like reviews, to be monotonous, so no surprise here. One should be grateful that these guys bother at all I suppose. The others on the team do fill in some technical details which are of interest.<br />As far as the extra scenes are concerned, they all seemed good and the pod race now plays better than ever.<br />One final niggle. Don't wait till the end of the movie credits or you'll have to switch off your player to stop the copyright notices playing. Do they really think this serves any purpose other than to perpetually annoy people? Zero out of each ten million consumers has read a single word of them, ever.
B00000JGHM|5.0|Two great actors lead a great supporting cast, solid performances throughout, orchestrated and paced just right.<br />Pacino and Deniro give excellent performances as a cop and robber, each with their own personal vices, and deep obsessions. They're so obsessed with what they do, that they're driven by it and of course their personal lives are devastated.<br />This film isn't a shoot em up action, Steven Siegal type movie, but rather a deep physchological journey into the obessions, sacrifices, losses, and sadly lives of men driven by obsession, unable to let it go.<br />I thought the ending was quite ironic, man has chance to escape, but could not resist last score. I'd recommend it anytime.
B00005LOUP|5.0|I remember how it was a tradition to watch the cartoon version and read the book of this classic every Christmas. Now I know my family will watch this every year, too! I was wondering how they were going to turn a classic that takes 15 minuites to read slowly to a small child into a 2 hour movie. I was surprised at how creative this film was. They told alot of backround on characters I've grown to love like little Cindy Lu Who and The Grinch. I loved how they told the story of how the Grinch got so mean. Jim Carrey is seen here in his best performance ever! I know this movie will become a holiday classic! This is one of the best Christmas Gifts you can give this holiday season!
0375703764|5.0|I was a little skeptical at first when i read all the reviews that said it was long and boring. They couldn't have been more wrong. This is one of the greatest books i have ever read. It is totally different from any other book i have ever read. Some have said it is confusing and hard to follow. I found it rather easy to read. If you want something different and enjoyable to read, get this book, you will thank yourself.
0553573403|5.0|I typically do not like fantasy/science fiction novels, but I really enjoyed this one! The characters are fascinating, and you must...keep...reading in order to find out what happens. The only frustrating thing is getting to the end and finding out you have to read the next one to get some satisfaction. The first 50 pages are somewhat male-oriented, but stick with it and you'll be glad you did.
B00005QGAZ|5.0|The remastered version of Michael Jackson's &quot;Thriller&quot; album is amazing.  This album is pure perfection, and they way you hear it was the was it was meant to be listened to.  The sound quality is superb.  I promise you that you will become as obsessed with this album today as you were when it came out almost 20 years ago.  Listen to such hits as &quot;Wanna Be Startin Somethin&quot; &quot;Thriller&quot; &quot;Billie Jean&quot; &quot;Beat It&quot; and &quot;Human Nature&quot; among others.  You will also be treated to a brand new interview with Quincy Jones about making the best selling album EVER!  The biggest highlight is hearing Michael's ORIGINAL demo recoring of &quot;Billie Jean!&quot;  You will not recognize it.  This album is incredible.  ORDER IT NOW!
B000050XEI|4.0|Its a great CD to have in the office. It has a little bit of pick me up attitude but is mellow enough not to distract the guy next door.
B00005QGAT|5.0|What can possibly be said about the amazing Michael Jackson album &quot;Off The Wall?&quot;  This album is amazing.  This is the album that kicked off one of the most impressive solo careers ever in history.  On this NEW &quot;Special Edition&quot; CD you will hear songs like &quot;Don't Stop Till You Get Enough&quot; &quot;Rock With You&quot; and &quot;She's Out Of My Life!&quot;  This record is all fun!  The special edition CD includes an interview with Quincy Jones about the recording of this masterpiece, as well as the ORIGINAL DEMO RECORDINGS of &quot;Don't Stop Till You Get Enough&quot; and &quot;Workin Day And Night!&quot;  These demos have NEVER been heard before, and is a must have for any fan of Michael, or pop music in general.
B0000025VU|4.0|This review responds to the previous reviewer who wrongly assumes that \\"Man of Peace\\" attacks Christianity. It does not. While the review from the 18th of November, 2000, gets much closer to the true meaning, and a valid interpretation, I do not think he extends his interpretation far enough. \\"Man of Peace\\" is not attacking so much what has passed as Christ, but that is one element of it. That song is, instead, about the Anti-Christ, which explains the lines \\"If you want to get married do it now, for tomorrow all activity will cease.\\" This line is directed toward Christians, and the meaning of it is that when the Anti-Christ comes into power the Rapture will have already occurred. There are several more lyrical indications to support this but because of space I won't go into them here. The entire album should be interpreted as a more religious album founded in solid Judaism, which reflects Dylan's Jewish roots, with the possible exception of \\"Union Sundown.\\" This song deals with greed and the evils thereof. Each song has religious significance, but the main difference with INFIDELS and the preceding three albums is that record is not nearly as blatant as the Christian Trilogy.     When the reviewer of \\"A Mixed Bag\\" says this dominant theme is disillusionment and then cited \\"Neighborhood Bully\\" as evidence of an attack directed toward Israel, he/she lost all credibility with me. The song lyrics make it quite certain that Dylan is very pro-Israel, and he supported Israel's bombing Iraq's nuclear reactor and the Israeli invasion of Lebanon. Indeed, this statement against \\"N. B.\\" as anti-Israel makes me seriously doubt whether he/she has even heard the song or the album for that matter. This song's meaning is quite, quite clear, and I find it difficult to believe that someone could muff up the meaning that badly. Perhaps this reviewer was using this song as support for his/her idea of a theme jocularly. I will give them that benefit of the doubt, that even that use of atheme which is quite clearly not true stands as very bad criticism (here I mean in the academic sense, of course) indeed.    Of Dylan's notoriously dry 1980s period, this is the first of the trilogy of really worthwhile records he put out (the other two are EMPIRE BURLESQUE and OH MERCY). While I fluxuate on which is the best, when you examine all of the religious contexts these songs are obviously meant for this then INFILDELS rises head and shoulders above the other two. Taken without this, however, the other two fare very well against INFIDELS.     As for the cuts that did not make this album, I do concur that this is INFIDELS' single greatest weakness. The still unreleased \\"Julius and Ethel\\" is an excellent song, and the songs from THE BOOTLEG SERIES, especially \\"Foot of Pride\\" and \\"Blind Willie McTell,\\" should have been definitely included on this album. All are excellent songs, and \\"Foot of Pride\\" especially ties into the Biblical imagery that runs throughout the album. If there is any dominant theme, it is that of infidelity. Had the songs aforementioned been included, it would definitely join the ranks of the absolutely essential Dylan records, of which there are many. Instead, it stands as a post 1960s near masterpiece.    P. S. As for favorite songs, \\"Jokerman\\" is as sublime as \\"Every Grain of Sand\\" from the previous album, which was very hard to top and both stand as some of the best work he ever did. \\"N. B.\\" is really good, as is \\"Union Sundown\\" and \\"Man of Peace\\". \\"I and I\\" is one of his best songs, definitely worth the price of admission. Pick this one up! If they ever do a rerelease of Dylan's records with bonus material, this one will benefit the most.     P. P. S. These are the lyrics to as-of-yet unreleased \\"Julius and Ethel,\\" recorded for and inexplicitly left off this particular album. Hopefully someday we get this song officially released. You can find the song floating around on those mp3 programs, and while I cannot officially condone downloading commercially released songs, I see no problem downloading rare unreleased stuff.    P. P. P. S.  I originally included the \\"Julius and Ethel\\" lyrics in this review, but Amazon doesn't seem to like lyrics being posted, so sorry about that.  Very good song.
B00005A46T|2.0|If this CD had been released under the name of a different band, I would have absolutely loved it.  But, as my subject says, where did Sid and Craig go?  And, for that matter, Chris and Shawn? What happened to the ingenuity and creativity that filled the first album?  I have only heard \\"DJing\\" on maybe two tracks, and no sampling except on a few select tracks.  The lyrics are great, the drums kick...(as usual), and there are some great heavy guitars, but its missing the depth of the first album.  By itself, a great album, but for Slipknot, mediocre.
B00000255X|4.0|Mostly known for the track &quot;Hurricane,&quot; this album, coming from the same man who had such an intense emotional outpouring on his last LP BLOOD ON THE TRACKS, this release sounds rather strange.  Of all Dylan's albums, this easily ranks as his strangest (in a good sense, anyway).  Musically, it's all over the map, and literally, the songs' locales are all over the map.  Two of Dylan's best tracks can be found here: &quot;Isis,&quot; which Dylan says in the live version on BIOGRAPH is a song about marriage, is a rambling piece that takes you through the tombs of the great Pharaohs and then back into a relationship with seemingly little connection.  &quot;Black Diamond Bay,&quot; is an account of an adventure gone terribly wrong as an Island sinks and recounts what is happening to various characters.  Of all Dylan's story songs, these two rank high indeed in both enjoyment and artistic quality.<br />Elsewhere we have the two songs of heros gone wrong.  Because of the controversial nature of &quot;Joey,&quot; the retelling of the life of Joey Gallo, a gangster.  Many have used this song as evidence against Dylan for being hypocritical, saying he does not really care what happens to people and his protest songs are just written to &quot;cash in&quot; on the movement.  There are some problems with this argument.  Dylan's musical background has all sorts of stories portraying criminals as heros, such as Jesse James and Billy the Kid.  Dylan takes this musical tradition and transfers it to the mafia.  &quot;Ramblin', Gamblin' Willy&quot; is another example of Dylan taking an outlaw figure and portraying him in a positive light.  Considering his background, Dylan's use of this tradition is not as troublesome as many of his detractors would lead you to believe.  As for the song itself, I think it is overlong and the album itself would probably have been better serviced by deleting it and putting the two outtakes (&quot;Abandoned Love,&quot; and &quot;Golden Loom,&quot;) instead.  Both fit the mood of this album as their sound mesh perfectly and would have fit right in.<br />As for &quot;Hurricane,&quot; one of the few Dylan songs I can quite clearly remember listening too before getting into Dylan proper, also has caused some controversy over its portrayal of Ruben &quot;Hurricane&quot; Carter, the famous boxer.  I can't really comment on this one way or the other, as I don't know a lot about Carter.  However, I'd be more likely to agree with Dylan on this matter, though I may be convinced otherwise.<br />The rest of the album, frankly put, is just downright weird (for Dylan).  I have no idea what Dylan was listening too at the time, because this sounds like it has taken music from all over the globe and thrown them together.  I never can quite get to the point where &quot;Romance in Durango&quot; gets my adoration and endorsement.  I find it rather hard to endure the piece.<br />Now, addressing the incredibly wide rift between this and BLOOD, the simple fact is, Dylan has always been one for privacy.  When his art takes him into emotionally painful areas, Dylan's reaction twice has been distancing himself from it and doing something else with his art.  LOVE AND THEFT, the follow up to TIME OUT OF MIND, a record that has a tremendous amount of pain, is just like DESIRE in the fact that emotionally it much more distant than TIME.  BLOOD, a very personal album, sounds like it came from an entirely different artist from the emotional standpoint.  My belief is Dylan, allowing us a journey into his personal life, wanted to bar us any more entry by doing the polar opposite: writing songs that took us all over the world.  It's almost like he wanted us to realise the world is much more interesting than his personal life.  That's what really comes across in this album to me.  It's almost as if dropping that veil is simply too much for him.  Not only did he let us nowhere near his heart on this release, Dylan hired Jacques Levy to cowrite the lyrics with him.  It's like Dylan was saying with BLOOD that this is a tour of my heart and this is all the pain I'm feeling.  Withe DESIRE, he says, yeah, you've seen that, now let me show you the world.  I've realised I'd rather have you out here and have a musical portrait of the world around us than my heart.  I can't speak for Dylan, but that is the impression I have.<br />In this regard, LOVE AND THEFT is a more psychologically healthy album overall.  The distance Dylan created emotionally  for DESIRE feels artificial and forced.  TIME OUT OF MIND, the true follow-up to BLOOD emotionally, took Dylan a full twenty two years to recoup and allow us another look into the pain he was feeling.  LOVE AND THEFT, instead of feeling forced, sounds much more like Dylan saying, that's what I was feeling, but I'm dealing with it.  Let's have some fun.  Dylan's cracking jokes on LOVE AND THEFT, while still acknowledging his own humanity and the pain he feels.  On DESIRE, he's too afraid to let any closeness come between him and the rest of the world.  At the end of the LP, however, he shows us one more glimpse in his homage to his wife Sara, probably in an attempt to express his love one last time to his wife of 10 years and one last go at making their relationship work.  As a result, &quot;Sara&quot; as a much bigger impact emotionally than the rest of the album, for we finally understand Dylan's still going through this process, it's just now it has to be private for Dylan's own sake.<br />In the end, an album worthy of Dylan, and easily his weirdest LP to date.  While I find it hard to admire all of the tracks here, in the end Dylan still points out why he is the most instructive musical genius that popular culture has.
B00005NI5Y|5.0|Although I had been hearing his songs for years, since I was a little kid, the first Bob Dylan album I bought was Highway 61 Revisited. I was twelve years old at the time and did not remotely understand it. When Dylan sang, &quot;You dont know whats happening here, do you Mr. Jones?&quot; I knew just how Mr. Jones felt. I didnt get it either. Funny thing about that album though, I kept listening to it. Over and over. So often that eventually I wore down the grooves and had to buy a second copy. The music was different from anything I had ever heard. (Like most American kids in the sixties, I had no knowledge of the brilliant roots of American music. I thought country music was for hillbillies, and blues I had never heard at all.  Dylan already had them in his blood and bones and was a master of combining those roots.) Although I was much too young to make sense of Dylans sometimes surreal lyrics, there was some quality to the language that I could not get out of my head. Lines stayed with me and I had a great yearning to understand them. I have always viewed Highway 61 as a turning point in my life. It started a love affair with roots music and language that, more than thirty years later, I still have not recovered from.<br />Sorry if that seems like a digression. I mention it because I have exactly the same feeling listening to Love and Theft. I bought this album more than a month ago and Ive listened  to it ( and not much else) almost every day since. It is easily one of the most compelling albums Dylan has ever made, in the same league as Highway 61, Bringing It All Back Home, Blonde on Blonde, and Blood On The Tracks. <br />At first it is the music that grabs you. The range of musical genres and the quality of the musicians is so astounding I literally listened to the album for a week or more without paying any attention whatsoever to the lyrics. This is one of the best bands Dylan has ever played with. And when you consider that this is a man who hashad Al Kooper, Mike Bloomfield and The Band as backup musicians, that is really saying something. <br />And Dylans singing on Love and Theft is equally astonishing. I know the clich is that Dylan is a brilliant writer and a lousy singer, but that has never been true. His voice has always been unconventional, sometimes downright unpleasant, but he has also consistently been the best interpreter of his own songs. As he has gotten older, his voice has developed into an eccentric cross between Johnny Cash and Howlin Wolf, country and blues, gentle and snarling, that couldnt be more perfect for these songs.<br />But great as the music is, this is of course a Dylan album, and at some point it is the lyrics that make it brilliant. Im tempted to quote dozens of lines from the album that have kept popping into my head over the past month, illuminating things that have been going on in the world, but Ill limit myself to one. Every time I see a politician on t.v. using tragedy to push an agenda, I hear Dylans voice, from &quot;Summer Days,&quot; singing about politicians &quot;sucking the blood out of the genius of generosity.&quot; Got that right.<br />For almost forty years, Dylan has managed to be both topical and timeless. I have read several reviews of this album that mentioned how timely Love and Theft seems, mainly because of its apocalyptic language and its sense of danger. But the truth is, Dylan was writing that way on his earliest albums. If the album feels perfect for this moment in history (and the critics are right about that), it is not just because Dylan writes so brilliantly about a world in which &quot;every moment of existence seems like some dirty trick,&quot; and &quot;some things are just to terrible to be true,&quot; but because he is able to record horror in an absolutely honest voice and still come out of it with little scraps of love, hope and redemption, all the more meaningful because of the threat of the world in which we find them.Dylan has always been an honest and sane voice in a crazy, dishonest world, and I especially welcome those qualities right now. What a perfect time for him to have given birth to one of the best albums of his career.
B000006OS2|3.0|I like this movie quite a bit and find it humours and sentimental in many ways.  The DVD picture quality was very poor, to the point of distraction. <br />Maureen O'Hara and John Wayne are like flint and steel, when they get together watch out the sparks are going to fly.  Stephanie Powers is recognizable as their daughter and the rest of the actors and actresses are well cast.  The plot though thin is kept lively by the antics of the whole town.  I'm not sure we ever really find out what the burr is under Katie's saddle when it comes to McIntock.  I think she just forgets from whence she came and he didn't.
B00003CXAA|5.0|Francis Ford Coppola's take on Mario Puzo's riveting account of a peculiarly American family has been lovingly transferred in a collectors pack of five discs.<br />Coppola is a great story teller and his unusually personal and insightful commentary creates a new viewing experience.  A full-length and quite wonderful new documentary completes this elegant package.
6301247485|4.0|The supporting cast is just about perfect. Mia Farrow as Daisy, Bruce Dern as Tom Buchanan, and Sam Waterston as Nick Carroway seemed like they just walked right out of the book. The House, the parties, the Valley of Ashes, the yellow convertible, it's all here. The eyes of Dr. Eckleberg keep peeping out and looking (examining?)the strange behavior of the participants in this seemingly fantastical yet very American drama of &quot;have's vs have-not's&quot;. So many of the events are almost identical to the book. So why do I give this movie 4 stars instead of 5? The only flaw, in my opinion, is Robert Redford. And please don't misunderstand me, I like Redford a lot in other movies. But as Jay Gatsby? He's just a little too crisp, clean, and mature. A little bit too serene and confident to quite make it to the awkward plane of Jay Gatsby, people-pleaser and approval-seeker. Gatsby is a nervous want-to-be, trying to get approval from &quot;old money&quot; people. He wants to be liked by everyone--he throws parties to prove that he's &quot;great&quot;. Redford is just too slick, I think, to really give that sense of wanting--wanting to be approved by Daisy and the others around him. He wants everyone to like him, which makes some, particularly Nick Carroway, frustrated with him. But how could you possibly not like Robert Redford? He never once comes off as nervous. I think that Redford's physical &quot;look&quot; works, but the portrayal was not quite there for me. Still, I think it the best rendition of the Great Gatsby yet done on film, and I do think that F. Scott Fitzgerald would have liked it. Not an easy movie to make in the first place.
B00005M91K|5.0|\\"It's not where you are that's important, it's what's there.\\"<br />  -- Ron Fricke, director/photographer<br />Baraka is a Sufi word that means \\"essence.\\"  It also translates into various world languages as \\"breath\\" or \\"blessing.\\" BARAKA the movie (MPI Home Video) is a non-narrative tour de force of images and sounds that captures the sacred dance of life on our home planet.  Filmmaker Ron Fricke shot this rich visual mantra on 69 locations in 24 countries.  From the opening credits with dawn gilding the frozen peaks of the Himalayas to the fade out of the gracefully rotating starfields above the Egyptian ruins of Karnak's gigantic columns, we are exposed to the rhythmic designs of time and light embedded in our spaces, whether it be a wave of clouds cascading down the walls of the Grand Canyon, or whirling dervishes in Istanbul.  World religions and their rituals are gracefully contrasted with not only the shifting patterns in nature, but also the sometimes disturbing but equally mesmerizing flow of human activity.  The rituals and that accompany the Wailing Wall at Jerusalem are shared with the time lapse patterns of New York's subway riders, the unsettling symmetry of a cigarette factory assembly line and Calcutta's homeless foragers and so on.  Butt dancers, death camps, stone figures, Tiananmen Square, volcano's fervent meanders at night, post war oil fires, mauve tinted bird migrations, a Tibetan monk rings a great bell -- the sounds and images merge and blend and eventually become something much more than their individual elements.<br />Surrender to this extraordinary experience and participate in a kind of high, an altered state, that generates a sense of connectedness, dare I say, a shared, hard-wired desire to glimpse a Grander Design that runs through all.<br />Baraka is a stunning film that is perfectly matched and greatly enhanced by Michael Stern's exquisitely designed original score that includes richly textured ambient, natural, tribal, industrial and religious elements along with his percussive, string and voice-as-instrument sweeteners.<br />Language cannot do justice to this unexpected, amazing and dazzling film.  It may not be for everyone, but for those who desire a meditative, provocative and spiritually refreshing recess from the stressors of the mundane and ordinary, it is highly recommended.  And it does not lose its appeal with repeat viewings.  The DVD release is a completely new, pristine, Todd-AO 70mm, ultra widescreen (2.20:1) transfer with very crisp sound.strial and religious elements along with his percussive, string and voice-as-instrument sweeteners.<br />Language cannot do justice to this unexpected, amazing and dazzling film.  It may not be for everyone, but for those who desire a meditative, provocative and spiritually refreshing recess from the stressors of the mundane and ordinary, it is highly recommended.  And it does not lose its appeal with repeat viewings.  The DVD release is a completely new, pristine, Todd-AO 70mm, ultra widescreen (2.20:1) transfer with very crisp sound.
B00003CX5P|5.0|I have figured out why all these people have been reviewing this movie bad.  They didnt get it, i have read plenty of reviews now where they dont understand Senator Palpatons(sp?) role in the movie.  Did you even watch Return of the Jedi?  This movie was alot more of a politcal movie than it was spiritual and I am pretty sure that was done on purpose considering the material and the remaing story to be told.  Cannot wait for AOTC!
B000002HMH|1.0|I'll tell you Metallica fans something: compare the 2001 release of<br />Slayer's 'God Hates Us All' to *anything* Metallica has done<br />since 'Metallica'.  Then tell me Metallica hasn't sold themselves<br />out for money.  Slayer is where Metallica, in their heart of<br />hearts, wishes they could've stayed.<br />If any other band released 'Load', you could give it some<br />credibility and some due, but Metallica made the album, and it's<br />inexplicably beneath them.  I expected more, but Metallica<br />delivered *less* and mailing it in is a betrayal.<br />It marks Metallica's decline definitively, and should be<br />avoided.
B00003CX9E|5.0|As a photographer its hard for me to comprehend how anyone was able to create such a beautiful movie with such deep focus. How you can draw a clean image, and prevent your eyes from wandering without using the focus of the lenses is a stunning feat.<br />Just flawless directing, acting, and editing. Great script, and a great achievement from a cocky young upstart in Hollywood.<br />We need more people like Orson Wells in the world.
B00003CXXJ|5.0|This movie beat all of my expectations.   It was a nice change in humor, and it was family-friendly!  I would highly suggest Shrek to anyone that is looking for a good laugh and excellent special effects!!
0694013013|5.0|We received this book when my son was a year old and he loved it instantly.  He loves mimicing the animals's actions and will do the animal actions at the zoo or when ever we see one of the featured animals (elephants, cats, giraffes, etc).  Eric Carle has once again, produced a wonderful children's book!
B000002TQV|5.0|I had heard a lot about Radiohead over the years but had never actually heard their music. I was in a music store recently and they were playing this great sounding CD. I went up to ask who it was and guess what? Radiohead...The Bends. I bought it then &amp; there, and overnight I became a Radiohead fan. The opening song, Planet Telex, is one of the most amazing rock songs ever. Great songs, great singer, great guitar, what can I say? Although there's a fairly traditional rock format on this disc (drums, bass, guitar, keys, voice), the results are far from common. This band really knows how to take the timeless elements of rock music and make them seem fresh again. That's the mark of a truly great band. If you're looking for a hard rocking disc that's in touch with something slightly deeper, this is it. Buy it today.
2895170711|5.0|I got the CD on Monday 15th, 2001 and listened to it right that evening. It was like Richard Gere was sitting next to me and telling me the story with all his friends supporting him. All actors were great and made a wonderful story. A gift to everyone.
B00004XONN|1.0|After having bought The Bends and OK Computer and loving them both, I picked up Kid A only to be fairly disappointed. I understand the band's desire to always break new ground but Kid A is a side of Radiohead I just can't get into. Strange, rambling, electronic experimentation just isn't my bag baby. A lot of the music on Kid A seems like endless, self-indulgent, electronic gibberish that just goes nowhere. Those of you who can appreciate Kid A, have a good time. I have to sit this one out.
B00005OAIE|4.0|its the perfect I just got off of work on a friday afternoon and im driving home with the windows down in 70 degree weather CD...doesnt get much better than that...
B000002UJQ|4.0|OK Computer is the second Radiohead CD I've bought, the first being The Bends, a disc I loved from first listen. Both discs are great and the contrast between the two is very interesting. The Bends rocks harder, is much more straight-ahead, and almost every song is brilliant. OK Computer is more experimental, less structured, and at times comes off like the wonderful soundtrack to a strange movie. But in terms of melody, which I feel sets Radiohead apart from lesser bands, OK Computer probably has the edge. You just can't say no to those awesome melodies! The two discs actually compliment each other quite well. If you're going to buy some Radiohead music, I suggest you get both if you can. Rock on Radiohead. You're in a league of your own and I love ya.
B00003CXXI|5.0|It's not often now that you find a nice &quot;family&quot; movie for children without the cursing and violence that has has become so &quot;everyday&quot; in the theaters.  But, This movie was excellent.  Good adventure, kept the kids attention through the entire movie, and also stresses that beauty comes from within.  It would be nice to see more movies like this one.  I also strongly recommend Max Keeble(now in theaters), good, clean, wholesome family fun for all to enjoy.
B00005NI5Y|5.0|Eclectic and full of memorable tunes!  Beware, I'm a Dylan fan.  I believe, however, that this CD can and will create a whole new gang of Dylan fans.  I became hooked on Dylan with &quot;Under the red sky&quot;  It wasn't a critical success but I like it.  Once I was hooked I started exploring his other titles and now consider myself a true fan.  Other Dylan CD's to consider:  Blood on the Tracks, Bringing it all back home, Highway 61 Revisited, MTV Unplugged, Nashville Skyline, Time out of mind, Under the Red Sky.
6300183971|5.0|This movie was well done and has lots of twists &amp; turns to keep you involved in the story. The film really did a good job of following the Dune book series. The actors were believable and keep you intrigued with the different situations that arise. This is one of those science fiction movies you'll want to keep in your video collection.
B000021YQV|5.0|This album is brilliant...go out and buy it right now. Seriously, i bought it and haven't taken it out of my car cd player once..it has beautifully written music and great lyrics. But what use are good lyrics if the singer doesn't give all he's got...not a worry for SOAD though...great harmonizing and grunts and all that great stuff...Aerials and Chop Suey are still my faves..
6303398480|5.0|This is a great story with characters you can relate to and enjoy watching. The director &amp; actors did a great job of filming this to look real. You'll be kept on the edge of your seat until the end of the movie. This movie was so well done that they were able to take the story and characters to create a great TV series out of it called SG-1 on showtime. I highly recommend this movie to anyone who loves action &amp; science fiction films!
B000020617|5.0|The Foo Fighters amaze me with their ability to be able to reach the ears of mainstream music. Most listeners fall prey to the repetitive sounds of bubble gum teenage pop. The lyrics to the Foo Fighter's songs not only make sense, but you can relate somehow. &quot;Breakout&quot; and &quot;Learn to Fly&quot; are the definitive highlights. Don't forget the other tracks, however. &quot;Stacked Actors&quot; and &quot;Gimme Stitches&quot; deserve equal reknown.
B0000214F2|2.0|This was about a 3-star film for me until those final two scenes. Robin Williams is good as the title character here, although credibility is stretched way, way beyond the breaking point throughout this over-the-top production.<br /><br />While \\"based on a true story\\" (which is undeniable), it is simply impossible to believe that most of the mega-sappy, sentimental fare dished up by the movie-makers in this film is truly \\"the way it really happened\\". It's all way too pat.<br /><br />And getting back to those last 2 reels.....It's almost too hard to describe the lunacy of them [what with being doubled over from laughter]! As we near the climax of this outing with Robin, Patch's future as a doctor is in real jeopardy, as he is about to be expelled from medical school.<br /><br />His evaluation by the school's bigwigs to determine his fate at the University is a real hoot! This scene was treated by the filmmakers with Perry Mason-type drama, complete with a massive courtroom with balconies, and literally hundreds of observers. My question here would be: WHY would hundreds of strangers turn out in mass to find out if this guy is to continue with his education? Seems completely over-the-top. Looked more like a scene from the O.J. murder case!<br /><br />And the final nail in the coffin is the last scene, during which we get to witness Patch's bare hind quarters during graduation festivities! Why, oh why, would anyone do such a vulgar thing? Even the unorthodox Mr. Adams? (Somebody, PLEASE tell me the real Patch didn't do this in this thing we refer to as \\"real life\\".)<br /><br />Another thing that seems somewhat phony: Patch's age as he decides to start his medical career. Isn't age 46 a bit on the high side for beginning this journey? He'd be near 60 before he could start practice! Why didn't the producers just put Bob Hope in the lead role?<br /><br />Anyway, I'd check out \\"Mrs. Doubtfire\\" if you like a can't-miss Robin Williams vehicle. \\"Doubtfire\\" is without a 'doubt' his best film.
B00003CXAA|5.0|Much like the western movies of old, Mafia movies are a staple in American movie watching diets.  With our fascination with the &quot;old world&quot; and the underworld The Godfather fulfills our need to look into a different world.  So many mannerisms from this movie are still with us today.  The Godfather collection is a must for everyone, this may be a look at an America that may not be our finest moment but is certainly a look at our history nontheless.
B00000DF6O|5.0|I have about 8 of his recordings. This is the best. Better than the following CD as this has better songwriting and recording. It feels live. Like a nightclub sound. It's a perfect blues setting and B.B. is apparently inspired by it.
6305657939|5.0|GREAT COUPLE MOVIE, MEN AND WOMEN WILL LIKE ACTION AND SEX, DRAMA AND CHICK FLICK LOVE STORY.
B00003CX5P|3.0|I am dismayed that the DVD release does not offer the DTS encoding. As what usually happens, they release the Dolby 5.1 and then later the DTS trying to sell you the same product twice. I have waited this long for the DVD. I guess I can wait a little longer for the DTS version. Bummer...
0816134006|5.0|I have read Brideshead Revisited two or three times; I saw the PBS serial a couple of times,but I never tire of the fine art of Evelyn Waugh in describing the characters in this novel.  Perhaps there are no heroes, but we sympathize with the protagonists Charles Ryder and Julia Marchmain in their struggle to find happines, if not together, then at least on their own.  Julia is aristocratic and rich, Charles a talented artist.  Charles is an unbeliever and scoffs at the religion of the Marchmain family.  In the end, Julia who had lost her faith for a time, finds her faith again and Charles discovers happiness in becoming a believer.  The patient reader will find much to like in the spare but beautiful prose of Waugh.
B000002U9W|3.0|In my opinion AHM is not a classic Pink Floyd album. Musically it's just not as sharp as its successors, Meddle, Dark Side of the Moon or Wish You Were Here. It is very similar to Meddlein  its understatedness but lacks its consistency and strength (Roger Waters himself does not speak very highly of it at all). It is however, an important record in that it bridges the gap between early, psychedelic Floyd and the mid-seventies, FM-friendly period. It is the sound of a band leaving the 60s behind and consolidating their success with  more....ahem...mature fare. The title track is highly unremarkable, with a brass band parping away at some inconsequential melody while the massed choir does its thing to equally negligible effect. Highpoints include Summer '68 and Fat Old Sun - the rest is filler. I know. Criticising Pink Floyd records is a very risky business but I genuinely believe that Pink Floyd's winning streak came with Meddle and ended with - at a push - Animals. oink, oink.
0743216458|4.0|This book is an exciting view into the world of an elite group of soldiers.  The men of E Company who survived the war sure had some interesting stories!  I enjoyed this book very much.
0452282152|2.0|Not bad, if you want to spend the time of a (short) airplane trip and you can't fly with knitting needles anymore, but really!  A servant girl who can tell what is missing from an unfinished portrait -- who knows better than Vermeer what one touch is needed to make a portrait whole?  Forget this, forget &quot;Girl in Hyacinth Blue&quot;, and find &quot;The Flanders Panel&quot;.
0385495315|5.0|The author does an outstanding job of explaining the history and various techniques of cryptography.  The book covers different historical periods, describing the different types of codes and how they were eventually broken (and how history was changed as a result).  The chapters I found most interesting dealt with the years from 1939 - present.
B00005LB50|4.0|This Buffalo Springfield boxed set finally pulls together almost all the fabled songs that were recorded yet never released, along with compelling alternative takes and early demos.  Lots of great surprises, including &quot;Down, Down, Down&quot; which eventually morphs into &quot;Broken Arrow,&quot; an early acoustic version of &quot;Hung Upside Down&quot;, and various takes on &quot;Flying on the Ground is Wrong.&quot; Neil Young's songwriting genius really shows.  <br />I docked it one star for not including the extended and legendary version of &quot;Bluebird&quot; found on their early 1970s 2-LP anthology (long out-of-print), featuring jamming guitars versus the banjo close we are used to.  Another fault is the lack of background on the songs themselves, relying instead on a period piece, fan magazine type booklet that resembles the &quot;Last Time Around&quot; album artwork.
6300216209|2.0|This is schmaltzy and silly, but it is a real period piece.  For years it has been a highlight of freshmen week at Harvard and Radcliffe. Students watch it, laught at it, and then incorporate (sometimes unintentional) jokes from it into freshman repartee.<br />If you want to get a sense of a bestselling book and a major box office event of the early 1970s, see this movie ( or read the book).  Suspend critical judgment and take it for what it is---a lightweight, idealized romance of postadolescence.
B00005LB50|4.0|This Buffalo Springfield boxed set finally pulls together almost all the fabled songs that were recorded yet never released, along with compelling alternative takes and early demos.  Lots of great surprises, including &quot;Down, Down, Down&quot; which eventually morphs into &quot;Broken Arrow,&quot; an early acoustic version of &quot;Hung Upside Down&quot;, and various takes on &quot;Flying on the Ground is Wrong.&quot; Neil Young's songwriting genius really shows.  <br />I docked it one star for not including the extended and legendary version of &quot;Bluebird&quot; found on their early 1970s 2-LP anthology (long out-of-print), featuring jamming guitars versus the banjo close we are used to.  Another fault is the lack of background on the songs themselves, relying instead on a period piece, fan magazine type booklet that resembles the &quot;Last Time Around&quot; album artwork.
B00003CWOL|1.0|i saw this movie i should have brought with me my pillow and my blanket the movie was so bad i walked out of the movie holding my nose i should stayed at home and bored my self to sleep my friend thought that this  was a poor excause for a movie he said that it stunk even when we walked out we said why did we spend the money for this i should have saved my money  and bought baseball cards and i dont buy baseball cards
B00005LB50|4.0|This Buffalo Springfield boxed set finally pulls together almost all the fabled songs that were recorded yet never released, along with compelling alternative takes and early demos.  Lots of great surprises, including &quot;Down, Down, Down&quot; which eventually morphs into &quot;Broken Arrow,&quot; an early acoustic version of &quot;Hung Upside Down&quot;, and various takes on &quot;Flying on the Ground is Wrong.&quot; Neil Young's songwriting genius really shows.  <br />I docked it one star for not including the extended and legendary version of &quot;Bluebird&quot; found on their early 1970s 2-LP anthology (long out-of-print), featuring jamming guitars versus the banjo close we are used to.  Another fault is the lack of background on the songs themselves, relying instead on a period piece, fan magazine type booklet that resembles the &quot;Last Time Around&quot; album artwork.
B0000060NF|5.0|I won't waste words on the music. This is a defining moment in 20th century sonics. Easily one of the greatest pop records ever made, and the good news is that it hasn't aged a day since its release. When marvin coos &quot;War is not the answer/Only love can conquer hate&quot; you must know that sentiment will never grown old... It's as perfect and timeless as pop music come.<br />This review will focuse on whether or not you need to own this overstuffed 30.00 version on an album you can get for 11.00. There are probably a lot of variables that come into play, but I've boiled it down to this: Whether or not this album is worth the price depends on how much time you spend glued between your speakers. If you have a quality stereo system properly set up, you'll love this. While the difference between the 24-bit remaster and the old 20 bit is probably academic, careful listeners will apreciate the subtle differences between the two complete mix-downs of the record: the original &quot;LA Mix&quot; and the &quot;Detroit Mix&quot; which is sort of like a &quot;director's cut&quot;: the way Marvin allegedly intended it to sound. The Detroit mix is, in a word, a revelation. The inventive bass work is up in the mix, the strings are down, in sounds more edgy and funky. Best of all, and easily worth the money for me, is the awesome differnce in the title track: Verse one, Marvin is only in the left speaker, verse two, he comes in in the right in a higher register and harmonizes with himself. On a properly set up stereo, it's an amazing effect that adds a lot to the song.<br />Throw in an unreleased contemporaneous concert disc, single mono versions plus more, and you have a pretty great package. But, the fact remains that average listeners will be more than happy with the old, cheaper version. This version is for completist fans or audiophiles.
0385501560|3.0|It is difficult to review Palahniuks work.  While compelling and narrative, his books have an eerie emptiness about them.  There are always several stories within the story.  In this story Victor Mancini works in a replica early colonial village.  All of the village employees are drug or sex addicts.  Victors best friend, Denny also works there, he is hopelessly addicted to masturbating.  Victors neurotic mother lives in an expensive convalescent center, so victor fakes choking to death in every restaurant to pity customers into giving him money.  Victor goes to sexaholic meetings to pick up women for sex.  He tells of his mothers erratic and abusive behavior towards him when he was young, etc. etc., well you get the idea.  If you are into twisted tales, cool.  If not, leave this book alone, don't read it.  You may be sorry.
B000002MJC|5.0|I was vaguely familiar with the title of this CD, but I had never paid much attention to Depeche Mode until I read that Laurell K. Hamilton had used this CD as background music while she wrote the early books of her Anita Blake series.  So, I figured I give it a try, to see whether or not it enhanced the mood of the books.<br />Turns out, it does, (actually hits some of the relationships dead on) but that's besides the point.  What a beautiful piece of music!  I just lose myself in the music and lyrics - in the darkness and honesty.  It's really rare to find a CD where every song is just so true to itself.  At this moment, &quot;In Your Room&quot;, &quot;Walking In My Shoes&quot;, and &quot;One Caress&quot; are my favorites, but that seems to change every week or so.  This is one CD that I usually play at least a part of almost everyday.<br />I don't know who DM's target audience is (or whether or not I fit into it), or even much about the group themselves, but I would highly recommend this CD.  It is just that good.
B00005N9CV|5.0|Unlike some of the other reviewers, I do like Diana's newest album, &quot;The Look Of Love&quot;.  I think she does some of her best work when the song slows down.  I have some of her early albums, and can say I only like a couple of song from those albums - I like all the songs on this album.  One of the nicest things about the album is the the song &quot;Why Should I Care&quot; is a hidden track number 13.  If you want this song, and there are a number out there that do, buy this album.
B000002MJC|5.0|I was vaguely familiar with the title of this CD, but I had never paid much attention to Depeche Mode until I read that Laurell K. Hamilton had used this CD as background music while she wrote the early books of her Anita Blake series.  So, I figured I give it a try, to see whether or not it enhanced the mood of the books.<br />Turns out, it does, (actually hits some of the relationships dead on) but that's besides the point.  What a beautiful piece of music!  I just lose myself in the music and lyrics - in the darkness and honesty.  It's really rare to find a CD where every song is just so true to itself.  At this moment, &quot;In Your Room&quot;, &quot;Walking In My Shoes&quot;, and &quot;One Caress&quot; are my favorites, but that seems to change every week or so.  This is one CD that I usually play at least a part of almost everyday.<br />I don't know who DM's target audience is (or whether or not I fit into it), or even much about the group themselves, but I would highly recommend this CD.  It is just that good.
B0000029GA|5.0|You know I'm getting real tired of hearing how cats be dissin Nas's other cd's. Yes this album is one of the top 5 best albums ever made but also show respect to the other ones. All I hear is Nas fell off or Nas can't flow like he used to. N_gga please. Nas was trying to expand his flow to get it more internationally known. Which he did succeed in doing. All the real hip hop fans understand this and appreciate what Nas has done for hip hop. He has taken hip hop to a whole notha level with his albums. (smile) Don't worry though. Ya'll will once again be on his jock once his new album drops. Cause he is Stillmatic!
0425170349|5.0|I have read some of the reviews by some people and it seems like they have not read the book or just decided to trash it because tom clancy is not one of the run of the mill leftist authors. Its one of the best of his works and if you want to get more into the book you should pickup the PC game its a lot of fun also.
B00005A0N5|1.0|Here comes a Malmsteen-esque style hair metal with no emotion, no imagination and no messgae; neo-classical metal they call it, but it's merely a bunch of bored Europians having fun with their Casios and their fancy production. Don't be misled by the other reviews here. This CD is the most ridiculous piece of music I have ever held in my hands. Just have a quick look at the CD cover &quot;art&quot;. This is how their music sounds: kitsch-metal at its worst.
6302787300|5.0|1492: Conquest Of Paradise is truly an amazing movie. Nevermind all the bad things that have been said about 1492. Most people couldn't accept FRENCH actor Gerard Depardieu playing an ITALIAN mariner living in SPAIN. Nonsense. He is an actor, let him do his job. 1492 is a movie, and a very good one to say the least. I like Vangelis score in 1492, most people do, it is dreamy music. Ridley Scott has plenty to work with here, he perfects the material he was given to direct with. As is the case with all of Ridley Scott's films, the movie looks gorgeous from start to finish. 1492 is visually incredible, it is Ridley's most perfect movie. Fellow cast memebers who play alongside Depardieu are all very good. Depardieu himself is probably the sole reason alone why this movie works so well. The ... editors review says Depardieu is at sea with the material he was given to perform with. Um, no. Depardieu is fantastic as Columbus, he is quite a brilliant actor, the rest of his performance is left to the imagination. Also in that editors review, the editor wishes they would all just sail off the edge of the world. Well, that would make for great action in the movie, but reality is so much more interesting. This is a movie about Columbus, his ships and his life. There is no better version. If you want a taste of what Columbus's voyage and the man himself might have been like, than 1492 will do just fine. It's amazing. It was released back in 1992 to celebrate the 500th anniversary of the discovery of a New World. If any of this subject matter interests you, than you will not be disappointed with this Ridley Scott audio/visual masterpiece.
B00003CX5P|5.0|I have heard a lot of comments about the succes or failure of this film adn all i want to say is that you people have to understand the context in which this movie is concieved. The central caracter its an eight year old boy,  and its in deed a movie made for children of another generation, that woul be the star wars fans of tomorrow. Its very clear to me that Lucas wants to hook a new generation between five and ten years old tha probably dont know anythig about the previous movies. The ponit is. When yo have a little boy as the central caracter of a movie, you have to translate the film in orther to inspire kids, at least that you were expecting some boy like Damian Thorn in the Omen to performe the future Darth Vader.
6304936362|4.0|This is a good film but sadly lacking in accuracy in some parts.  My principal comment relates to the ending when the Belle crash lands.  I am old enough to have seen the original movie shot on 35mm film during the war.  Also I have recorded it off air on video. The Belle landed safely and with minimal battle damage.  Later, after meeting the King and Queen of England, the airplane and its crew returned to USA to take part in training future bomber crews.<BR>However, I enjoyed the film and recommend it.
B00005B36H|5.0|It took a while for me to really get into Tool and their sound.  &quot;Aenima&quot; was such a strange and different album from everything that was and WAS NOT mainstream that I didn't know what to do with it when a friend of mine told me to give it a listen.  It actually took about a year and then Tool just really set in and things started becoming clear...  The polyrhythms, the lyrics (some of them), and the depth.  Tool does not play around and &quot;Lateralus&quot; proves it.  This was the best CD that came out summer 2001.  The first track &quot;The Grudge&quot; opens with a sound effect that is new to the world of Tool.  Much like you're being sucked into a spaceship and then everything is otherworldly from there.<br />I won't go into what everything and every song means, only people that study the enochian language (I think that's how you spell it) and the meanings of a number of other things that factor into this album at times (like the significance of Saturn, 1, and 10 in &quot;The Grudge&quot;) can understand and analyze every single detail on this album.  &quot;Faaip De Oiad&quot; is an example of this which translates into &quot;Voice of God&quot;.  It features Art Bell talking about the infinitely mysterious Area 51, another piece of the puzzle behind &quot;Lateralus&quot;.  In my opinion, and I could be wrong, this album focuses on the origins of human life and the idea of embracing this life that we have.  that's just in a nutshell and that's not to say Tool has gone soft.  Just listen to &quot;Ticks and Leeches&quot; for the proof.<br />No, you don't need to get high to appreciate this album, and you don't have to know everything about everything on here either.  I am the very proof of that.  If you decide to get this album, find time to sit down and give it a good listen.  No distractions or anything.  You can almost feel yourself opening up to a new experience and I'd say you'll and up walking away feeling enriched and anlightened as well.<br />Creative, intelligent, and open minds are sure to love this album and really appreciate it.  You may even find yourself pushing the &quot;Repeat All&quot; button after you get halfway through your first listen.  It's that good!
B000002MIF|5.0|dear below author.<BR>i question weather also.<BR>but i wouldn't question myself as to &quot;wether&quot;<BR>this is the best smiths release.<BR>get the original vinyl, which has a different cover, and sounds even rawer.
B00005N9CV|2.0|This type of record has been done so much better by many others.  <BR>You can hardly hear her voice over the overproduced orchestra.  Diana doesnt have a strong enough voice to pull this off.  It is a shame that such mediocrity gets hyped up so much these days.
B000002MIF|5.0|dear below author.<BR>i question weather also.<BR>but i wouldn't question myself as to &quot;wether&quot;<BR>this is the best smiths release.<BR>get the original vinyl, which has a different cover, and sounds even rawer.
B00004WGC4|5.0|My wife bought the complete set for my birthday and I cannot stop watching them.  John Cleese is one of the greatest physical comedians alive and this proves it.  The characters are terrific each one is well defined and carefully acted; from top to bottom each actor is brilliant.  I cannot remember a better ensemble cast of characters in any modern TV show.   Especially John Cleese, who is marvelous as the lead character, Basil Fawlty the bumbling, pretentious hotel owner.  The episode featuring \\"The Germans\\" is hilarious and can be viewed over and over again without boredom.  Included in each tape set are interviews with Mr. Cleese, who fills in behind-the-scene details.  These little nuggets are fascinating and add to whole program.  <br />Do yourself a favor and laugh.   I recommend \\"Fawlty Towers\\" to everyone.
B00005NP04|5.0|I really can't say enough about Martina's voice.  This is a collection of her absolute best, and the new songs fit right in.  For those &quot;Part-time&quot; Martina fans, this will give you a wonderful taste of all her radio hits.
B00000DLUV|5.0|This is a terrific live album. The Bee Gees are as good as ever, and this proves it. 24 great songs...a few are shortened versions though, but that's ok as it gives more variety. Celine Dion also joins them for a rendition of &quot;Immortality&quot; which was written for the stage show of &quot;Saturday Night Fever&quot;. And of course we get a generous helping of the songs from that movie, which made them 70's icons. This album is a must for all Bee Gee fans and is bound to convert a few who think that they are dated.
B00000AFFF|4.0|Simply, the best combination between music and feelings that you can achieve in 12 songs. I have been listening to it for three years and I dont get tired at all. Superb, a contemporary classic, a wonderful and inspired creation. Bill Frisells versions &quot;The sweetest punch&quot; also deserves a try.
0671042858|3.0|Make no mistake about it, The Girl that Loved Tom Gordon is a nail biter of a story.  I just thought that King stumbled a bit in trying having to have the story both ways, having the threat be both natural and supernatural.  Granted this is a &quot;Stephen King&quot; story, so gross outs and ghouls are to be expected and welcomed.  I just felt that the book was a tad too sketchy in its use of the ghoul and that the scares would have been made more hair raising if a lighter touch had been used.  I was however quite amused that this novel's original hardback release coincided with the early theatrical playdates for The Blair Witch Project, another lost in the woods tale with a concept not too dissimilar from King's.
6303114946|5.0|My father teached me chess when I was young kid. I kinda liked it but soon I forgot the whole thing for many years. in 1996 I saw this movie broadcasted on TV. I was hooked to the film immaditely.. and then I saw a scene, where Josh plays a game of chess. Suddenly I felt something inside.. I remembered the times I played chess with my dad. I kept watching and I experienced the beauty of chess through this movie. The vast tournament halls where dozens of kids were playing chess, and then dark chess-club atmosphere, where old men were playing chess so seriously. After the movie I was so exited that I went to search my old chess-set from basement. Now I am a active chess player and I have an eternal burning chess-fire in me. Without this movie, I would hardly be enjoying chess, which brings so much joy in my life. <br />It is hard to rate this film, due the lack of chess-films, but this must be the best one!
B00003CX5P|5.0|Although the movie didn't quite live up to my expectations dialogue wise, the action and graphics were incredible.  Jar-Jar was a bad idea, but George Lucas (the writer/director) wanted a...character to appeal to the children.<BR>The DVD's extras are awesome!  It has behind the scenes, deleted scenes, and extras galore.<BR>I rate the movie 4 stars, and the DVD itself 5 stars which in essence rates it as 4.5 stars.<BR>It's an awesome DVD.  BUY IT NOW!
6301161572|4.0|Perhaps I had too great expectations of this film, but although it is indeed very good, I do think that La Scala production with Thomas Allen is so far the best on video, even better than Karajan's production with Samuel Ramey as Don G.  I do not think that Raimondi mastered the role - he was incredible as Escamillio in Carmen ( BTW, a superb DVD with Domingo), but he did not make it as a seducing Don Giovanni.  His appearance is rather dull and not erotic at all.  I was also looking forward to see the famous location - Palladio's Villa Rotonda in Vicenza seemed to be a suitable background, but somehow it belittled Raimondi, and to my astonishment he appeared to be a small-framed, short man!!!  Since this is a movie and not a real opera, such details could be worked out. As far as the singing is concerned, so far the best is Nicolai Ghiaurov (in my opinion) whose voice is full of seduction and makes you believe that it could have been indeed mille tre in Espagna!  Also, the powdered wig did not help and made him look old.  There is always an enigma with Don - what really happened in Donna Anna's bedroom?  Did he fail as a lover the first time in his life and thus enraged Donna Anna?  Maybe that's why this Don looks so old?  Or he was a rapist?  We will never know but I could not understand Losey's interpretation.  This opera is perhaps the most enigmatic of all and I don't think Losey solved the puzzle... But a very good and enjoyable production it still is.
0743216458|4.0|The book is very interesting in that it takes an elite military group at looks at it from its initial formation all the way through the end of the war.  Easy Company trains, drops into Normandy, and fights all the way across Europe and we get to follow.  This book uses many first hand accounts of the men of Easy Company and gives the reader a sense of intimacy with those that faught ...Germany.
B000002JEV|4.0|This is a worthwhile investment... having said that, Plant's vocals are spectacular, and the interludes of Page's unoccumpanied guitar solos are so textured and visual that I sometimes think about them when I am in the middle of something else....<br />....there is a sparkling quality to their playing, and the addition of the previously unreleased track &quot;Wavy black Hair&quot; is great.
B00005B36H|5.0|Always knew the song Sober and liked it, saw them in 93, never had much interest, until Schism came out.  This CD rocks.  Saw them Oct,2001 in ATL.  It wasn't a concert, it was a show of great imagination.  It was like watching a cut up movie or videos and a band happened to be performing.  The show was awesome.  If you like rock and the imagination Pink Floyd shows, go see TOOL and get this album.  The album has a flow to it unlike anything else that is being produced these days or the recent past.  You have to appreciate a band that has total control of their trip.
B00004STPT|5.0|This is a great musical score for a great movie.  This CD has served several purposes for me, whether listening to it to help fall asleep or putting it in my discman and going running it can get you in the mood for pretty much anything.  This is a sure buy.
B00005NI5Y|5.0|This is the most rocking and melodious album I've ever heard, I  bet.  Dylan is the greatest poet in the world.
B00003CX5P|5.0|Possible one of the greatest movies to come out in the past five years.  This DVD does it all, it takes DVD's to new limits and you definetly get what you pay for and more.  Buy it, buy it now.  If you don't like JAR JAR just speed through, but get this.
B00003CY5K|4.0|Perhaps the most interesting thing about this film is the fact that it is a concept so completely rehashed yet never in such a peculiar manner, and that truly contributes to its success.  For decades Hollywood has been throwing at the audience all of these Ugly Duckling stories depicting the inner beauty of a person.  This film is a welcome departure in the complete opposite direction.  For once the girl is shunned for her beauty, creating a delightful and funny tale that never takes itself too seriously.  Witherspoon is perfect in all aspects (yes of course phsyical) and don't judge the &quot;legal&quot; aspect of the title too heavily, but bring your sense of humor and this film won't fail to entertain you.  Even those of you blessed with the golden locks won't be offended by this warm and dead-on film.
B00005NWM3|4.0|Nickelback rocks. Buy this album.
B00005JKHP|3.0|STTMP is important in the sci-fi world mostly because it brought about the rejuvenation of the franchise.<br />After dickering about with a proposed new series in the 70s, Roddenberry decided to go with a feature film that would reintroduce the crew to a new generation of fans. To be honest I have mixed feelings about it; the production values were great for the time, yet the story seemed awfully thin. Additionaly, the main characters looked a little out of practice with thier characters (but that was definately gone in ST2: The Wrath of Kahn).<br />A little too funky for my taste, but what's important is that it brought them back and even now spawns great shows.
0780627024|5.0|Pleasantville is a marvel of cinema. Every single frame of this masterpiece is movie gold. Tobey Maguire and Reese Witherspoon star as brother and sister who are magically transported into Tobey's favorite black and white 1950's television show called &quot;Pleasantville&quot;, thanks to a mysterious cable repairman played by the great Don Knotts. The brother and sister take on the roles as the siblings on the T.V. show. The June and Ward Cleaver-like parents are played brilliantly by Joan Allen and William H. Macy. Tobey is all into it, but Reese is so horiffied by the whole deal. But, things start to happen. When these two normal and &quot;real&quot; people start to effect the town and the lives of the people in it, things slowly start to turn to color. Seeing the colored objects(or people)against the black and white color is jaw droppingly beautiful. Issues of color come up when the town board are against these &quot;colored&quot; people. It's a tough and timely subject matter that is dealt in a superbly brilliant manner. The scene with Tobey driving a girl in the fancy old car through a black and white winding road with colored leaves falling and Etta James' &quot;At Last&quot; playing in the background is one of the most dazzling and perfect scenes I've seen in a movie. It's perfect. The actors are all incredible. Joan Allen is always strong and solid. She is perfect here. Jeff Daniels, as the malt shop owner, gives one of his best performances since &quot;The Purple Rose Of Cairo&quot;. Don Knotts can still make anybody laugh just by sitting there. He is a master comedian. This film is about as perfect as a film can possibly get. This will go down as a classic fairy tale of epic proportions. Do yourself a great favor and go to &quot;Pleasantville&quot;.
6305910103|5.0|Not only was this the best of the films, but I feel it outstrips any of the episodes as well. One of the key reasons for this is the comraderie between Kirk, Spock and McCoy had become that of life-long friends who had been through unbelievable adventures together...and you believed it. The characters had matured and you felt genuine reactions to thier trials.<br />Ricardo's Kahn was perfect, expanding on his role from 'Space Seed' to the extent that we saw someone who felt a little less superior after losing his wife and living with both failure and the desire for revenge for so long. This is a villian who didn't just want Kirk dead; he wanted him to suffer.<br />Spocks death still brings a tear to my eye after all this time. Even though the powers-that-be decided to bow to pressure to bring him back in 3, it still stands out.
B00004ZB9D|4.0|I am a new Lenny fan, only owning 5 and this greatest hits cd, and the stuff I have heard has been overwhelmingly good.  Lenny just brings a new dimension to both rock and soul that isn't common in either genre. This greatest hits cd definitely has some of his greatest songs (&quot;Again&quot;, &quot;It Ain't Over 'Til Its Over&quot;, &quot;Can't Get You Off Of My Mind&quot;, &quot;American Woman&quot;and &quot;I Belong To You)&quot;. I have a feeling that some of his older stuff might be better than some of the stuff on this cd, but that's a good thing considering I think all of these songs are great. This will only motivate me to research more of his music. He's coming out with a new cd in about a week and I might check that out...good job, Lenny
6302820448|4.0|This is a really good film,for two reasons.<BR>one - its not the norm,its nice to have a little change when watching a lot of films and this is certainly different.<BR>two - bill murray,sometimes i think i dont like him,but when i watch him ,i realise that he is great at the parts he plays.<BR>A film about a insensitive,mean man,who has a bad day(inflicted by himself),and has to relive it until he gets it right.it takes a long time.Watch bill learn to play the piano,jump off buildings,make friends,and find love.<BR>Definately see it.
B0000584V3|5.0|Straight off the bat, I think Blackwater is a wonderful CD, just the kind of quality I would expect from Opeth.  The only problem is that 'Dirge for November' is a bad bad song, I'm suprised no one has mentioned that yet.  Talk about repetitive, it leads no where slowly!!  But the other songs e.g Bleak (love that song so damn much 'sniff') are excellent pieces of work, and I think so darn good as to save the CD from losing a star.<br />The purpose of this review is more to take a look at how some of you seem to be judging this album.  Some seem to be simply passing it off like \\"it's no Orchid\\", or \\"Aww its just not Morningrise\\", hello, people, its called Blackwater Park!! Its not Orchid or Morningrise or even Your Arms, My Hearse, its a new one called BLACKWATER PARK.  What I'm rudely pointing out is that you should not just judge the CD by what came before it and say 'it bites' cos it ain't as good.  What you should do is forget about all the other CDs while you listen (I know its hard) and judge Blackwater Park on its own merits and not on what its parents did.  Like a derelict child if you will.  Just thought I'd point that out.
B000002L7Y|5.0|I am a big a-ha fan.  Hunting high and low was the first album that I bought of them.  I fell in love with every song in that album.  Morten Harket's voice is just amazing and very touchy.<BR>This is a great album.  I Like all their albums and although I have not heard their new release yet, I know that I will enjoy it.  &quot;hunting high and low&quot; was the album that got me into them and from that, I evolved.  I just hope that they dont loose thier new-wave roots like most of the good 80's new-wave bands have.
B00000016W|5.0|This album is phenomenal.  This is the Beach Boys' best album.  I like everything the Beach Boys have done, and this is the best.  I must say that I am much more into the Beach Boys than the Beatles.  Some of my favorite tracks are &quot;I Know There's An Answer,&quot;  &quot;Here Today,&quot; and &quot;God Only Knows.&quot;  I also love &quot;Wouldn't It Be Nice,&quot;  &quot;You Still Believe In Me,&quot; &quot;Pet Sounds,&quot;  &quot;That's Not Me,&quot;  &quot;Don't Talk,&quot;  &quot;I'm Waiting for the Day,&quot; &quot;Caroline, No,&quot; &quot;Sloop John B,&quot; &quot;Let's Go Away for a While,&quot; and &quot;I Just Wasn't Made for These Times.&quot;  Wait, that's every track on the album.  Paul McCartney said,  &quot;It was Pet Sounds that blew me out of the water. I love the album so much. I've just bought my kids each a copy of it for their education in life ...&quot;  Elton John called it a landmark album.  If you don't get this album, you're insane!  It's not the surfin' tunes that you think the Beach Boys produce.  Check it out.  Actually, I think this album is UNDER-hyped.  It wasn't appreciated at its release, and most people still think that the Beach Boys only write surfing music and that all of their songs are the same.  The fact is, the beach boys only wrote surfing songs for about 5 years out of the 30 years that they released records.  And for those who don't like the cover, I think it's pretty darn funny to see these guys at a petting zoo.  I think it's one of the best covers I've ever seen.
B00003CXAA|4.0|We have all waited so long for this collection. I will not repeat what other have said about Part III. Suffice to say that I agree with the detractors. It is nice to hear that first line &quot;I believe in America&quot;. Some may be dissappointed by the 4th disc. The &quot;documentary section&quot; seems to me to be a lengthy justification for Part III. I really wanted to see more behind the scenes footage from I and II. The &quot;deleted scenes&quot; are fantastic and I wonder if we will ever get &quot;The Epic&quot; on DVD. I think It is a much more complete story. So.... if you are not an obsessed Godfather fan wait for the separate releases of I and II.
B00005ASHM|5.0|This album is phenomenal.  This is the Beach Boys' best album.  I like everything the Beach Boys have done, and this is the best.  I must say that I am much more into the Beach Boys than the Beatles.  Some of my favorite tracks are &quot;I Know There's An Answer,&quot;  &quot;Here Today,&quot; and &quot;God Only Knows.&quot;  I also love &quot;Wouldn't It Be Nice,&quot;  &quot;You Still Believe In Me,&quot; &quot;Pet Sounds,&quot;  &quot;That's Not Me,&quot;  &quot;Don't Talk,&quot;  &quot;I'm Waiting for the Day,&quot; &quot;Caroline, No,&quot; &quot;Sloop John B,&quot; &quot;Let's Go Away for a While,&quot; and &quot;I Just Wasn't Made for These Times.&quot;  Wait, that's every track on the album.  Paul McCartney said,  &quot;It was Pet Sounds that blew me out of the water. I love the album so much. I've just bought my kids each a copy of it for their education in life ...&quot;  Elton John called it a landmark album.  If you don't get this album, you're insane!  It's not the surfin' tunes that you think the Beach Boys produce.  Check it out.  Actually, I think this album is UNDER-hyped.  It wasn't appreciated at its release, and most people still think that the Beach Boys only write surfing music and that all of their songs are the same.  The fact is, the beach boys only wrote surfing songs for about 5 years out of the 30 years that they released records.  And for those who don't like the cover, I think it's pretty darn funny to see these guys at a petting zoo.  I think it's one of the best covers I've ever seen.
1573225517|3.0|Alert the presses.  For the first time ever, a movie has bested its book.  That is correct, the movie High Fidelity beats the book by a long shot.<br />What makes the movie great is the anger and pain John Cusack puts across in is character.  Unfortunately, Hornby does not do near that job in his book.  Don't get me wrong, it is a well written novel.  Being a music fan, I certainly enjoyed the fact that High Fidelity is set in a music store and littered with useless knowledge on every type of music under the sun.  One of the many god things about High Fidelity is the humor it manages to mix into a seemingly emotional novel.  Hornby  delivers a humorous trip into the male mind, something few authors are capable of doing.<br />The great thing about High Fidelity is that every guy in the world feels what is going on.  All of us have been hurt by a girl, five girls, or whatever, and, because we have to be tough, crude, and indifferent, no males ever really show their emotions.  Nick Hornby gets inside the male mind to show the rest of the world (i.e., Females) just how much they break our hearts.  <br />Reading High Fidelity is a hard thing to do if you have just gone through an emotional relationship.  I'm sure that writing High Fidelity was equally as hard for Nick Hornby.
B00005AQE8|5.0|Despite what some critics say, this is one of the greatest bodies of work ever!!!  Buy this CD set because it is one of the few in any genre that can stand alone, and be great.  <br />Understand that Pac spoke for a segment of society that included many and that the segment for which he spoke transcended race, religion, and class boundaries.  Those that try to confine Pac to a specific type of person (Thug, etc.) diminish only themselves.  <br />He spoke for us and then, like so many others, he was silenced.  But like Pac said, &quot;Life Goes On.&quot; <br />RIP<br />Tupac Shakur, <BR>Notorious B.I.G,<BR>Eric, Eazy-E, Wright<BR>Big Pun, <BR>Aaliyah, <BR>and so many others that I can't name them all here.<br />See you at the crossroads dawgs ... (so you wont be lonely)...<br />Written with respect by an Atlanta G.
B000002GF8|3.0|I am not the biggest fan of the Police at this juncture.  However, I will admit that there are many creative moments on this Synchronicity Release.  I tend to prefer the more eclectic songs therefore my favorite track is the extra CD track, Murder By Numbers.  The jazz drumming by Stewart Copeland is super and Sting sure is in fine voice on that track.  Walking In Your Footsteps, Wrapped Around Your Finger, and Tea In The Sahara are other stimulating tracks that utilize some unconventional rhythms.  I love the line in Wrapped Around Your Finger-&quot;When You Find Your Servant Is Your Master.&quot;  A good message for those who think that they are all that.<br />Truthfully, the two singles Every Breath You Take and King Of Pain I find to be among the weaker tunes on the record.  Whereas Every Breath You Take has some touching lyrics, I find the song to be too structured and the arrangement to be too plain.  King Of Pain has a few good special effects thrown in but basically has a boring structure as well.  None the less these songs are at least listenable when compared to the Andy Summers sung track Mother. How could the band even think of releasing such an annoying track.<br />None the less the good outweighs the bad here.  Most fans of the band should enjoy this just fine.
B000002IST|2.0|My how the mighty have fallen.  Phil Collins took up way too much of the responsibility for this release.  And boy does it show.  Many of these tracks feature minimal and uninspired contributions from the other band members, Tony Banks and Mike Rutherford.  Gosh, I think Phil Collins drums drowns out the ohter guys half the time.  Its hard to believe that these are the sam guys who recorded The Lamb Lies Down On Broadway, A Trick Of The Tail, or even ABACAB.<br />I Can't Dance is actually a pretty good single.  The beat is pretty mesmerizing and Phil is in pretty fine form on vocals.  Jesus He Knows Me at least has a good backbeat to support it.  Fading Lights, Living Forever, and Dreaming While You Sleep have a few decent Tony Banks synthesizer embellishments.  But I emphasize the word DECENT as opposed to GOOD.<br />Don't get me wrong, this release does not offend me.  As background music this CD is certainly not bad.  However, Genesis certainly had the talent to do oh so much better.  Therefore two stars seems just about right.
0792837916|5.0|Undoubtedly a super movie.  Filled with many Comedic Moments and Action packed scenes, this movie really kept my interest.  John Travolta and Dennis Farina really fed very well off each other.  I love the way Travolta handles himself so Matter Of Factly especially when retrieving his leather jacket in the opening moments of the movie.  Also Travolta displays his cool when he makes a surpise visit to Gene Hackman and when  confronting(Bear) James Galdolphini and (Bo) Delroy Lindo at the restaurant. The airport scenes are entertaining as well.<br />With a cast like this, you Amazon Readers are strongly advised to check this one out at once.
B000003CM8|4.0|This debut recording by the Allman Brothers is pure blues and little else. However, it features some top notch guitar playing by Duane Allman and Dickey Betts not to mention Greg Allman passionate vocals.<br />The best song on this collection is clearly the last track, Whipping Post. What a searing bass line. Then followed by dueling guitars and bluesy vocals telling a tale of sorrow and woe. A true classic tune.<br />Blackhearted Woman and It Aint My Cross To Bear are probably the best of the rest. The other tunes are OK but a bit limited in style. Dreams is a slight diversion but the song just is a bit too long even with the pretty solo work by Duane.<br />The Allman Brothers would do better on follow up work particularly on Idlewide South and Brothers And Sisters. None the less, any fan of the band would still appreciate this recording.
0767805712|5.0|I was excited when I first saw the previews of Gattaca in '97, but still didn't know what to expect when I walked in the theatre. By the time I had walked out, I knew that I had just watched the most thought-provoking and moving sci-fi movies, or of any genre, ever made. Ethan Hawke is excellent in the role of Vincent \\"The Little Engine That Could\\" Goodfellow--a man cursed by a flawed physiology, but within which burns a fire to realize his dream, a fire that can never be snuffed. Uma Thurman is alluring as Hawke's love interest. She eventually learns that the man of her dreams is far closer to own flawed self than the perfect profile of him spewed forth by computers. Still, she remains in the background for most of the movie. Jude Law is simply superb in his portrayal of Jerome Morrow, a crippled ex-superman with whom Vincent exchanges identities for the chance to become an interstellar explorer (a feat frought with danger for both). The movie is perfection when Law and Hawke are in the same scene--with Law initially resenting Hawke for having the one trait that genetic engineering couldn't give him, the will to overcome adversity, but he eventually gains a grudging respect for Vincent's never-say-die attitude. Law's final scene is truly heartbreaking.<br />The soundtrack by Michael Nyman is simply the best ever composed--and that includes anything ever done by John Williams or Ennio Morricone. The sets and wardrobe are fabulous, a combination of sterile futurism and '50s retro. <br />Rounding out the movie were excellent performances by Gore Vidal (\\"You always keep your workspace so--clean, Jerome.\\"), Loren Dean (\\"You know you're going to lose.\\"), Ernest Borgnine (\\"You like space? Good, you can start by cleaning this space.\\"), Alan Arkin (\\"I think we can assume he didn't commit suicide.\\"), Tony Shaloub (\\"You two look so right together, I should double my fee.\\"), and Elias Koteas (\\"Look, the only way you'll ever see the inside of a space capsule--is if you were cleaning it.\\"). <br />The movie is a monument to triumphing against overwhelming odds and a cautionary tale of how this type of prejudice may one day become the proverbial \\"chickens coming home to roost\\" for us all. Not just a \\"must-see\\" movie, a \\"must see over and over again\\" movie!
B00005QIPH|3.0|Ok folks, I had to add my two cents, cause I've been swept up in the hype like most of you, and I guess part of the problem is this need to find the next great rock and roll band. It certainly isn't fair to put so much expectation onto one band, let alone some nice NY City trust fund boys who happen to make some nice music. But, beyond a great singer, and some nice guitar parts, this really isn't too groundbreaking an album. The songs are cool, some better than others, but  this is by no means an earth shattering release, in the mold of OK Computer, Nevermind, or Daydream Nation. Fans of this disc might check out &quot;Last Exit to Garageland&quot; a totally overlooked album by New Zealand's Garageland. A sound very similar to the Strokes, but a little more depth to the tunes, both musically speaking and lyrically - the album came and went a few years ago, but it's brilliant nonetheless. One annoying note is that the singer's voice has been manipulated on almost every song on this album. It's a shame, cause he sounds great, kind of Iggy popish with a little more heart showing. Also, the overall production is kind of one dimensional, ala Velvet Underground, a triumph of style, but not really adding much to their sound. LoFi for the sake of being LoFi. Very New York sounding, whatever that means.  NY seems to spawn bands that definitely sound a certain way, but as for contributing to the rock n roll musical canon, hmmmmm, they seem too cool for themselves. Gawd, that's cynical. But I think NY does that to people. The pretention is sometimes palpable...
B000059QY2|5.0|This is just about as good a production of Verdi's masterpiece as you will get.  Of course, no production is absolutely perfect as it is only one persons vision of a piece - we all have our own individual ideas of how we would like it done.<br />I would never, for example, have allowed Rigoletto to take his young daughter out into the wilderness surrounding Mantua in the middle of the night, during a manic storm, wearing only a nightdress!  What was he thinking of by then sending her home unaccompanied (where incidentally only the night before he had run into a professional assassin) whilst he went and sat on his own in  a boat in the middle of a lake!!  Then how on earth he could mistake his daughter's body in the sack for one the size of The Duke of Mantua pales beyond belief .... but no matter, the merits of this production far outweigh the weaknesses.<br />Although for the first time, with such brilliantly authentic surroundings and acting, I began to question the plausibilty of it all.  I think this is because as it unfolds on your TV screen in such sharp clarity of picture and sound it makes you start to analsye it more.  So that is a major plus for this disc to start with.<br />Ingvar Wixell acts the central role with such committment and power that you never doubt for one moment that he is indeed a tortured soul with two separate lives.  His shame at being uncovered as acourt jester as his daughter realises her own shame at being raped is just one of the many poignant and powerful moments in this excellent DVD.  He is partnered wonderfully by Edita Gruberova, who I suspect has studied the great Renato Scotto's interpretation of Gilda.  Just lap it all up - these are amazing performances.<br />Sparafucile is perfectly sung and portrayed by a very young Ferruccio Furlanetto - and Victoria Vergara is as good as any Maddalena you are ever likely to come across in the opera house.  Orchestration is superb and with a few quibbles it is directed brilliantly by Jean-Pierre Ponnelle.<br />And Luciano Pavarotti?  This is one of his very best performances.  Committed to the action, in perfect voice, just in fact the super star that he indeed is.  Don't hesitate, just buy it and enjoy.ean-Pierre Ponnelle.<br />And Luciano Pavarotti?  This is one of his very best performances.  Committed to the action, in perfect voice, just in fact the super star that he indeed is.  Don't hesitate, just buy it and enjoy.
B00005OAJ1|5.0|This album rocks. This album rocks SO hard.
B000050XEI|5.0|This CD is one of Enya's greatest yet.  Every song will move you or relax you to the point you want to listen to it over and over again.  Great to have with you in a traffic jam.
0553274503|5.0|Charlie Gordon's &quot;progris riports&quot; make up the majority of the text in Daniel Keyes' Flowers for Algernon.  In his early thirties, mentally challenged Charlie works at a bakery, cleaning up and running errands.  The only thing that Charlie has ever wanted in life is for people to like him.  He thinks that if he were smart, people would want to be his friend.  Charlie tries hard to learn how to read and write, but it is a long, ongoing process.  Charlie decides to take part in a study conducted by some professors at the school he attends.  The experiment involves Charlie's having an extraordinary brain operation that will help him to become extremely intelligent.  After the operation, Charlie's new IQ helps him to understand how common it is for people to be cruel to others.  Charlie soon realizes that all his life, people have been laughing at him, not with him.  As Charlie becomes smarter, vivid memories of his childhood begin to disturb him.  Unfortunately, after a few months Charlie's intelligence begins to fade and he regresses to a worse mental state than before the experiment.  <br />This book truthfully portrays how people treat others different from themselves and how unkind we can be to each other. We are able to get a glimpse of what it feels like to be made fun of and looked down upon by others.   <br />Unfortunately, this book is on the Banned Book List.  Censors claim that  &quot;explicit love scenes were distasteful.&quot;  It also contains limited profanity and references to drinking.  I believe that these scenes are essential to understanding how Charlie is progressing mentally as well as emotionally.  They also are necessary to help us understand the characters' personalities.  I feel certain that eight graders and above would be able to handle this book.  I would certainly recommend it to adults as well as young people.
0451167716|5.0|This book has a fame of &quot;man's bible&quot;. I have read it in my second year during my university career and up to now, the book has been finished more than 10 times. Although it has such a fame, it produces the same narcotic effects in girls or women. My wife now read at least one chapter everyday. She likes reading it more than making love with me these days, to my sadness. :P
B000003N89|5.0|Diana Krall is my favorite jazz pianist/vocalist. If you've been listening to and playing jazz as I have for over 45 years you develop an ear for natural talent. Krall has it all.  Unfortunately, her last album (The Look of Love) does not reveal any of her jazz artistry, but that does happen to talented people sometimes -- the commercial aspects overtake the artistic ones and we get less art and more commercials.<br />I have all her albums and this one is her best to date.  I'm just hoping she'll get past the commericial route and get back to her straight-ahead jazz in the next album -- maybe a live recording from one of her many concerts.  I saw her in El Cajon last year -- brilliant.  I'll see her again in Escondido in December and I'm expecting another great show from this great talent.
B00003CX5P|5.0|Say what you will about Episode I, the fact remains that it's simply a fun, fun movie. Fans expecting to relive the magic of the original trilogy are bound to be disappointed, but that's really a pretty lofty demand. Those films have had twenty-odd years to insinuate themselves into our collective pop culture psyche, and there is NOTHING Mr. Lucas could have done to satisfy the expectations of the fans who literally grew up with Luke, Leia, and Han. Taken on its own merits, though, Episode I is an absolute blast... a throwback to that magical era of cinema that gave us Star Wars, Indiana Jones, E.T., Close Encounters, and so forth. Just relax, quit complaining, and enjoy it.<br />With that out of the way, let me just say this DVD release of Episode I is absolutely excellent! The movie itself, provided on disc 1, looks incredible... the clarity of the picture will make even the most die hard cynic appreciate the tremendous effort that was put into the stunningly detailed backgrounds and characters; and the sound, needless to say, is AMAZING. This is Lucasfilm, after all...<br />It's the second disc, however, that makes this DVD a must-buy. There is SOOO much wondeful bonus material on here that you'll be stuck for hours trying to digest it all. There's a wealth of trailers and TV spots, including the music video for John Williams' thrilling &quot;Duel of the Fates.&quot; There are seven complete deleted scenes, with an accompanying in-depth documentary, including a step-by-step walkthrough of the creative process behind the waterfall sequence. There are countless featurettes and documentaries, and an absolutely fascinating hour-long making-of film entitled &quot;The Beginning&quot; that's virtually guaranteed to give you a whole new respect for Episode I and the work that went into it. You may even feel a  twinge of grudging admiration for Jar Jar Binks... On top of that, there's a really nifty little multi-angle storyboard/animatic/film comparison, and even a few hidden goodies for the diligent viewer. All in all not a bad deal for a measly twenty bucks or so...<br />Look, if you have any interest in Star Wars at all, this DVD belongs in your collection. Put aside your petty grumblings and go buy it now... I think you may be pleasantly surprised to find that Episode I is not nearly so bad as you had convinced yourself it was. Plus, if we're very, VERY good, maybe Mr. Lucas will eventually grace us with the originals on DVD... Mmmmmmm....Star Wars on DVD.....
B000002KMV|5.0|This recording is pure Prince at his best. Long b4 Purple Rain and all the commercialism of the music industry as it is today this was classic pure, funky unaldulterated, political talent. One of my favorite recordings in the history of music
B000002UA9|4.0|Non-Beatles fans and those who prefer their later music will not like some of this because the Fab 4's vocal harmonies still had some ways to go before they were perfected. But for those who do, this is a CD that will truly brighten your spirits. Good for what ails ya. &quot;Ask Me Why&quot; is probably the earliest Beatles tune that can be described as beautiful. I played this last night while grading papers and still can't get it outta my head! Ringo's number &quot;Boys&quot; is impossible to sit still to. You will want to do the jerk, monkey, or any of the early 60s dances to this one! The Fab 4 do the Shirells' justice on &quot;Baby It's You&quot; and &quot;There's A Place&quot; show the progress Lennon and McCartney were making as lyricists.<br />&quot;Love Me Do&quot; is here also. It's lyrics are incredibly banal and stupid. But as with &quot;Hello Goodbye&quot; several years later, the Liverpool lads somehow make it all appealing. &quot;I Saw Her Satnding There&quot; makes up in energy for it's somewhat sour harmonies, and in &quot;Twist and Shout,&quot; their guitar work is a tad awkward.<br />Yeah, this early workout certainly has it's flaws, but even those rough edges are enjoyable. Louis Armstrong once said &quot;There are 2 types of music, good and bad. Good music is whatever makes you smile and pat your foot.&quot; Using that criteria, &quot;Please Please Me&quot; is good music.
B00003CXXS|3.0|Was there some need for a third one?  Did they need to have a trilogy or something?  Some major complaints I have about this movie are that its not directed by Steven Speilberg, there are only a few returning characters, and even then they arent all that interesting, its not based on a Crichton novel, the story doesnt even compare to the other Jurrasic Park films, and its way way WAY too short.<br />  The CG of this movie was excellent, of course but I think it was actually too elaborate.  I like the style of the old JP movies CG.  It seems that CG now a days is reaching the point were its extremely obvious.  Some parts like in the pteranodon's cage had very nice looking CG.<br />  The story was not that great.  It was like they needed to find some way to get Dr. Grant back on the island so they could have some sort of a sequel and this is the only way they could do it.  I'm not going to explain the story since it most likely will contain spoilers.  I also beleive that most people entered the movie theaters beleiving that they would be seeing entirely new dinosaurs that have never ever been seen before, like dinosaurs that were genetically mutated fictional dinosaurs.  Wrong.  The &quot;Super mega smart raptors that can talk to each other&quot; are just regular raptors, its just that they (Dr. Grant, etc.) are now realizing that they have the ability to communicate.  The feathers on their head?  basically just difference between either 'social groups' (sorry couldnt think of any other phrase)  or sex, I'm not quite sure/remebering.  The Spinosaurus (the one that is shown swimming in the water with the big sail) is of course a real dinosaur, but since they didnt show to many clips of it in the trailer, I have reason to beleive people thought it was some new aquatic dino.<br />Anyway, the movie is just way way to short at around an hour and a half.  It will leave people dissapointed.  About the characters, only Sam Neils character (Dr. Grant) and his 'girlfriend' (thats what you think) reappear in the movie. No Ian Malcom, no John Hammond.  Thats a major dissapointment. Of course it is Jurrassic Park and I do encourage people to buy it, just because of that reason.  If you havent seen it yet you should rent it soon.(thats what you think) reappear in the movie. No Ian Malcom, no John Hammond.  Thats a major dissapointment. Of course it is Jurrassic Park and I do encourage people to buy it, just because of that reason.  If you havent seen it yet you should rent it soon.
0446677450|4.0|From this book I learned why some of my most educated friends are some of the &quot;brokest&quot; people I know.  These guys have spent their entire lives in college &quot;learning stuff&quot; that has no bearing on their financial lives and wonder why that third master's degree isn't bringing the cash they want.  As a capitalist at heart, I'm always looking for ways to understand the system and this book opened my eyes to why the guy who owns the grocery store down the street with little education can take is wife of 30 years on vacations after vacation and the &quot;three-masters degree&quot; guy is complaining about making ends meet.  READ IT!  You'll walk away with a new perspective.
B000002J1F|4.0|Fragile was Yes' commercial breakthrough in the US.  The band rounded out and created their classic lineup by adding Rick Wakeman on the keyboards.  Mr. Wakeman's operatic keyboards fill out the grandiose sound of the band.  The album's opener is &quot;Roundabout&quot; which was pared down from its eight minute album length to single length and became a surprise top twenty hit in 1972, peaking at number thirteen.  The album is made up of four songs, &quot;Roundabout&quot;, &quot;South Side Of The Sky&quot;, &quot;Long Distance Runaround&quot; and the epic &quot;Heart Of The Sunrise&quot;, interspersed by &quot;solo&quot; efforts from the five band members.  Mr. Wakeman supplies a progressive slant on classical sounds in &quot;Cans &amp; Brahms&quot;, lead singer Jon Anderson's &quot;We Have Heaven&quot; has a pixie like sound, drummer Bill Bruford's &quot;Five Per Cent For Nothing&quot; is mercifully short, guitarist Steve Howe's &quot;Mood For A Day&quot; has some nice guitar work and bassist Chris Squire's &quot;The Fish&quot; has some very impressive bass work.  The album made Yes leaders of the prog-rock scene and peaked at number four on the album charts.
B00005ABX0|4.0|Two different albums deserve two different reviews.<br />Smiley Smile -- By now, everyone knows this album was scraped together from the remnants of Brian Wilson's intended opus Smile, featuring &quot;Good Vibrations,&quot; &quot;Heroes and Villains,&quot; and other new songs. When Brian couldn't finish the album, the other members stepped in, recording several other new songs, re-recording a few intended for Smile, and slapped the whole thing together as a new release.  And the result is -- fairly dismal. Of the new songs, &quot;With Me Tonight&quot; is pretty nice, but the rest sound more like outtakes from the Beach Boys' Party sessions -- &quot;She's Goin' Bald,&quot; for example, is a not-terribly-funny goof that never should have been released on LP. And the Smile remakes are agonizing to hear -- &quot;Wind Chimes&quot; and &quot;Wonderful&quot; were far superior in their original versions (and are available on the Good Vibrations box set).<br />Carl once noted Smiley Smile was a bunt instead of a grand slam (referring to Smile). A truer baseball metaphor would be Smile was a solid two-base hit (Pet Sounds was their grand slam); Smiley Smile was a popup to the second baseman.  It's a bit unfair in some ways to have expected the other Beach Boys to have been as brilliant at producing and writing as Brian was. And one should remember this was released when The Monkees had the great controversy over only singing on their records while not playing instruments, so perhaps the Beach Boys figured rather than having a second consecutive LP where they barely played a note (after Pet Sounds), it would be better to have a rough-hewn, homemade sound.  But there's rough-hewn and there's half...uh, baked -- and Smiley Smile, with the exception of the transcendent &quot;Good Vibrations,&quot; is far closer to the latter.<br />Wild Honey -- Now this is more like it.  Solid songs, a nice cover of &quot;I Was Made to Love Her,&quot; a few well-earned laughs, and a neat funky sound.  &quot;Darlin'&quot; and the title track were the hits, and deservedly so.  It just came out at the wrong time -- white rock &amp; roll was in the psychedelia phase, and white r&amp;b was a few years down the road.  &quot;Here Comes the Night&quot; is far better than its disco reincarnation a decade later.<br />The bonus tracks are fascinating.  10 minutes of &quot;Good Vibrations&quot; outtakes show how Brian painstakingly put the song together, and &quot;Can't Wait Too Long&quot; would have fit nicely on either Smile or Wild Honey.  Good stuff.  Pity about that first album, though.
B00005QGAX|5.0|Michael Jackson had the insurmountable task of following up what was not only the biggest selling album of time, but a real cultural phenomenon. Thriller was released in late 1982 and due to its success it took Mr. Jackson five years to release its follow-up. While Bad obviously was not half as big as Thriller in terms of sales, it is still a great record. The title track finds Mr. Jackson taking a defiant stance and instead of running away from trouble as he did in &quot;Beat It&quot;, he stakes it head-on. &quot;The Way You Make Me Feel&quot; is a bright and sunny song that has an incredibly infectious groove. &quot;Just Good Friends&quot; is a real treat as he duets with Stevie Wonder and you get to hear two masters at work. &quot;Man In the Mirror&quot; is a spiritual song that begs one to look at themselves and see that we can all make a difference. &quot;I Just Can't Stop Loving You&quot; is a good ballad that is a duet with Siediah Garrett, the songs writer. It was original written to be sung with Whitney Houston, but when she was unavailable, Ms. Garrett stepped in and does a nice good. &quot;Dirty Diana&quot; is a blazing rocker and &quot;Leave Me Alone&quot; is angry tirade against the circus atmosphere that his life had become due to the media. &quot;Smooth Criminal&quot; is a pumping track that has vicious beat and tremendous vocal. Bad does hold one record over Thriller, it became the first album to produce five number one singles (&quot;I Just Can't Stop Loving You&quot;, &quot;Bad&quot;, &quot;Dirty Diana&quot;, &quot;Man In the Mirror&quot; &amp; &quot;The Way You Make Me Feel&quot;).  The remastered version has an excellent song that is making its first appearance anywhere, &quot;Streetwalker&quot;.  The song would have easily fit on the album and fits Mr. Jackson's persona of the time perfectly.  &quot;Fly Away&quot; is solid, while the Spanish version of &quot;I Just Can't Stop Loving You&quot; is worth a listen for curiosity's sake, but doesn't offer much else.ffer much else.
B00003CX5P|5.0|Just finished watching the DVD.  The. Picture. And. Sound. Are. Spectacular.  This is the one DVD you can pop in to show off your system to your friends.  Just load up the pod race.
B00005QGAT|5.0|When Michael Jackson released Off The Wall in 1979, he was a mere 21 years old, but he had been in the business for a decade. He had released several solo albums and singles (even topping the charts with &quot;Ben&quot; in 1972), but they were under the control of Motown. Off The Wall was his first real solo release as he was in charge. Mr. Jackson was always thought of as an unique talent, but he blew away everyone's expectations with the album. The album has a definite dance vibe, but although disco was at its height of popularity, the album doesn't fall in the disco category. The songs have fat grooves that make you want to dance, but the core of the songs belong to Mr. Jackson and not the production as is the case with most disco songs. &quot;Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough&quot; is the album's first track and single. It is a brilliant track with soaring strings and popping rhythms that has a spoken word intro that moves into a high falsetto. Mr. Jackson sings the song in the falsetto, but he interjects spoken word into verses that provide an echo to the lead. The song was a justifiable number one hit. &quot;Rock With You&quot; was the second single and is much slower in its beat, but you can still groove to it. It also topped the charts. &quot;Working Day &amp; Night&quot; is a musical workout that sounds like a forerunner of &quot;Wanna Be Startin' Something&quot; from Thriller. &quot;Get On The Floor&quot; is a fiery call to arms that in which he doesn't ask that you get up and dance, but demands it. The title track has a funky vibe to it and &quot;Girlfriend&quot; is a Paul McCartney song that is pumped up a bit from its slight original, but is still the weakest track on the album. &quot;She's Out Of My Life&quot; is a straight ballad that is sung with heartbreaking sincerity. In fact Mr. Jackson literally broke down while singing it and you can hear the sobbing on the song. &quot;Burn The Disco Out&quot; closes the album in apocalyptic fashion and is a perfect capper to the album. Off The Wall was a major success that spawned four top ten hits, sold over 10 million copies but surprising never hit number one on the album charts, topping out at number three.  The remastered version contains demo versions of &quot;Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough&quot; &amp; &quot;Working Day &amp; Night&quot; as well as interviews with Quincy Jones &amp; Rod Temperton.ct capper to the album. Off The Wall was a major success that spawned four top ten hits, sold over 10 million copies but surprising never hit number one on the album charts, topping out at number three.  The remastered version contains demo versions of &quot;Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough&quot; &amp; &quot;Working Day &amp; Night&quot; as well as interviews with Quincy Jones &amp; Rod Temperton.
B0000028RR|5.0|Rage Against the Machine's debut album is one of the most innovative and important LPs in history.  Rage was perfecting metal/rap way before any of these modern day weak bands like Limp Bizkit.  Zach De la Rocha's lyrics are political as well as beautiful.  RATM actually stand for something which is more than most bands can say.  Tom Morello is one of the most talented guitarists in modern history.  He is the innovater of rock music.  And Timmy C. is one of the best bassists i've ever heard. Every track on this album is a masterpeice. The riffs are mindblowing and the solos are amazing.  Evil Empire and Battle of Los Angeles are great too, but not as good as this.
B000002J1C|5.0|After releasing two decent albums, Yes hit their stride with their third release, The Yes Album.  The album contains some of their finest and best known songs.  &quot;I've Seen All Good People&quot; is a classic prog-rock song built around two sections, the folkish &quot;Your Move&quot; and the rumbling &quot;All Good People&quot;.  &quot;Your Move&quot; was actually broken out as a single and was their first top forty effort, peaking at number forty.  &quot;Starship Trooper&quot; is a blueprint for the musical stylings they would explore throughout the 70's.  The best song on the album is &quot;Yours Is No Disgrace&quot; which contains some great guitar work by Steve Howe in which he almost sounds funky.  The Yes Album is a tight cohesive album and one the band's best.
B000002H33|5.0|Words just cannot do this artistry justice. When considering much of what Metallica produce now, this is of Olympus standards. An album with a golden glow that makes us realise just how good Metallica could be if they did what they do best. There are many people out there who wonder, no, pray that one day Metallica would sease the endless sell out and return to past and what could be future glories. This album is testament to their greatness. There is not a bad track, never a moment where you cannot be bothered to listen. The crushing power and sheer exitement of this work just steam rollers onwards.<br />    Surfice to say, Metallica are STILL a great band, BUT only when you look at their past achievements. Their latest material can't even touch this, be uttered within the same breath. Put simply: If you were going to buy any Metallica album, it would HAVE to be this one. In some instances, if you had to buy any metal album generally, it would HAVE to be this. Sheer genius.
B00005QGAZ|5.0|On October 30th, Michael Jackson will finally release Invincible, his first album of completely new music in ten years.  Before he does that, he has remastered and re-released his Epic catalog. Thriller is his ultimate triumph and an album that crosses across all music genres. There's pop, rock, r &amp; b and dance rhythms; slow, fast and midtempo songs. &quot;Wanna Be Startin' Something&quot; gets the album moving. It's a disco inferno and builds up to a chanting crescendo. The next two songs slow things down after the frenzied opening. One of the two non-singles, &quot;Baby Be Mine&quot; is a nice mid-tempo song and then comes the superstar duet with Paul McCartney &quot;The Girl Is Mine&quot;. The song shows off both the artist's vocal talents as they trade verses fighting over a girl's affection. You can almost see the song as a passing of the torch from the Beatles to Jackson as the world's biggest act. The humorous &quot;Thriller&quot; follows and it contains Vincent Price's debut as a &quot;rapper&quot;. &quot;Beat It&quot; is the song that pushed the album into the cultural phenomenon that it was. By employing guitar god Eddie Van Halen on the song, Jackson was able to break out of the mold of an R &amp; B artist and reach a vast white audience. Jackson showed he was able to transcend all labels and reach listeners of all colors and musical tastes. The first number one song on the album follows. It was a searing performance of the song, &quot;Billie Jean&quot;, on the Motown 25th anniversary special that helped show Jackson's amazing dancing abilities and push album sales into the stratosphere. It was also the first video by a black artist to gain major airplay on the predominately white MTV, setting the stage for other black artists like Prince to start reaching a more diverse audience. &quot;Human Nature&quot; is a pretty ballad and &quot;P.Y.T.&quot; is has more of a hard edge. His sister Janet sings back up on the tune. The album closes with another ballad &quot;The Lady In My Life&quot;. The bonus material includes the superb &quot;Something In The Dark&quot; which you wonder why it was left off the album considering there are only nine tracks, &quot;Carousel&quot; which is decent, a demo version of &quot;Billie Jean&quot; and interviews with Quincy Jones and writer Rod Temperton.  Thriller has sold 25 million copies and for a long time was the biggest selling album in history.  This remastered version adds a crispness and cleanness to this monumental album.ad &quot;The Lady In My Life&quot;. The bonus material includes the superb &quot;Something In The Dark&quot; which you wonder why it was left off the album considering there are only nine tracks, &quot;Carousel&quot; which is decent, a demo version of &quot;Billie Jean&quot; and interviews with Quincy Jones and writer Rod Temperton.  Thriller has sold 25 million copies and for a long time was the biggest selling album in history.  This remastered version adds a crispness and cleanness to this monumental album.
B00005QGAV|2.0|Folks--avoid this.  The first album sounded fine and this is just an attempt to cash in on the new &quot;remaster&quot; phenomenon.  Madonna, Pet Shop Boys and Blondie have all just reissued part or all of their catalogs as rematsters-but here's the up side for them.  The albums NEEDED to be rematstered and include bonus tracks.  In the case of Blondie, the albums weren't even available anymore.  Dangerous is readily available and was recorded using state of the art technology.  The original sounds fine.  This edition continas no new tracks, no interviews, nothing extra.  THe other three (Off The Wall, Thriller and Bad) at least have extra tracks, and the first two were probably in need of some serious remastering.  Dangerous should just sit on the shelf.
B00005QGAV|5.0|Michael Jackson is a rare artist who can easily slip in and out of all kinds of musical styles and genres. From r&amp;b to rock to dance to fast songs to ballads, the self proclaimed King of Pop is chameleon-like in his approach. Dangerous is another example of his variety. &quot;Jam&quot; is a furious, beat heavy song and &quot;Why You Wanna Trip On Me&quot; is an intense number. &quot;In The Closet&quot; has a slinky groove and &quot;Remember The Time&quot; has a silky smooth sound. &quot;Heal The World&quot; attempts to be another &quot;We Are The World&quot;, but one can forgive him as you know his intentions are pure. &quot;Black Or White&quot; has a jangly guitar riff that is the backbone of the song. &quot;Give In To Me&quot; is a hard rocker and &quot;Will You Be There&quot; has a gospel like chorus. Dangerous is an eclectic mixed bag that Mr. Jackson shows he is willing to mix it up and try different things.  The remastered version unfortunately doesn't offer any bonus material like the re-releases of Off The Wall, Thriller &amp; Bad, but the sound is fresh and clean and the repackaging superb.
1587990717|5.0|The best Popper read to come around since Popper, who himself couldn't explain the problem of induction and its implications with such intuitive understanding.<br />Taleb takes us on an entertaining sojourn through the philosophy of randomness, a winding path that will leave you in anticipation at each perilous bend. It will undoubtedly be shunned by many who cling to their naive empirical supremacy.<br />No matter your background, \\"Fooled by Randomness\\" will help to better perceive what unfolds before your eyes -- our one measly sample path.<br />More relevant and important now than ever.
0061040967|5.0|I began reading Pratchett 3 years ago and he hasn't disappointed me yet.  The Last Hero has succeded in reassuring me that won't be disappointed for some time.  It has everything needed for the casual Pratchetteer and the avid(said rabid) Pratchetophile.  I like how he takes the fantasy genre and makes it worth reading by not taking it to seriously.  Even making it better by realting events, people, and places to that of recent.  This book is no exception by poking fun at NASA.  Paul Kidby's illustrations enhance his writings by putting face to name.  All of his drawings are just as I imgined them when I first opened Colour of Magic and laughed 2 minutes later with no sign of stopping.  I fear though that Pratchett will not recieve the American recognition he deserves until he releases a full length movie.  That seems to be the only way a good author can get noticed these days.  Don't agree with me?  I think Michle Chriton would.<br />One last note, Who's Harry Potter?
B00003CX5P|5.0|I picked up my copy of The Phantom Menace DVD yesterday and to sum it up in one word, I'd have to say its INCREDIBLE! To see the quality of the picture and to hear the quality of the sound is the greatest treat of all, besides the 7 deleted scenes. For those of you that haven't seen these finished scenes yet, I'll keep my mouth shut but if you haven't picked up a copy yet, I highly recommend it. I was breathless seeing the 7 new scenes. The waterfall scene is excellent, the grid and the race are good too. Also, Jon Shank's documentary is great and there are tons of extras on this DVD. Just hearing the sound of it and seeing it so clear brought me to tears. As C3PO would say, &quot;I can't believe it!&quot;
0792833236|3.0|Solid film, especially the cinematography. However, the incessant use of profanity was unneccessary and becomes extremely annoying. Also, the film is an obvious rip-off of Felini's La Strada. Coincidentally, La Strada is a vastly superior film and one of the best and most influential movies of all time.
B00005QIPH|5.0|Yes, the hype has been silly. This isn't the new, new thing, and the Strokes aren't the saviors of rock (can we just cut it out with the &quot;saving rock&quot; crap once and for all?). &quot;Is This It&quot; is what it is (say that five times fast) -- a consistently exciting, strong and unpretentious debut. Not a bad track on it. What more do you want?<br />If you're expecting them to be creating a new genre or the next revolution, you will be disappointed. &quot;Is This It&quot; will have music enthusiasts thinking of Iggy Pop's &quot;Lust for Life&quot; (but sweeter), Talking Heads &quot;More Songs About Buildings And Food&quot; (but less arty), Pavement's &quot;Brilliant Corners&quot; (but less whimsical) and Violent Femme's first album (but less tortured and goofy).  Actually, the closest comparisons are Elastica's first and Weezer's most recent albums. Inventive power pop without frills or gimmicks and an appealing,  consistent tone. Try it. You'll like it!
B00003CX5P|5.0|I got this item last night, and watched *some* of the extras - this took almost 3 hours. <br />This disc will spell the death of VHS.
0380713802|3.0|So far this is my favorite of Bryson's travel books, though, in some ways it is also his most eccentric.  This memoir represents a return visit to Europe, when a more affluent, middle aged journalist Bryson retraces his earlier trail through Europe as a carefree youth.  Besides his characteristic sardonic observations, his descriptions include a number of nostaglic reminiscences and disappointment as his recollections are viewed through rose colored glasses.<br />You have to have tolerance for Bryson's use of the various venues as a means of launching into sophomoric tangents reflecting on having lusted after beautiful young women, or puerile comments on digestion and bathroom habits that provide too much information.<br />His descriptions are the usual mix of admiring and scathing; he clearly was enraptured with Southern Italy and less than impressed with Brussels and much of Belgium.  His stereotypes of the various nationalities while often funny are outrageous and savage.<br />This is a good airplane, pool side, stuck somewhere book.  It keeps you interested and amused.
B00005OAIE|4.0|Hey Ricky,<BR>Sorry if your childhood was less than superb..... Why don't you learn how to write a real review.  No where in your jabbering do I find anything that even comes close to convincing me that you deserve a job as a rock critic.  And &quot;dude&quot;, stop whining like a jaded 16 year old writing for his high school newspaper, and step into the real world.
0345440757|5.0|With my first child I read the Sears Baby Book and followed on demand feeding, child in our bed, etc. etc. I was very inexperienced and wound up with a baby that was over tired, over stimulated, colicky and difficult. We were exhausted and very discouraged for the first year of her life.<BR>I saw Tracy on a TV program and bought this book when I was preparing for our second child. In hind sight, our first parenting experience would have been MUCH easier if we had had access to Tracy's recommendations. <BR>We put our second child on EASY from day one and she has slept well, rarely cries, eats well and is a JOY!! Her flexible thinking schedule is so helpful for newborns and parents. I find three points of Tracy's essential to new parents:<BR>1. Child sleeps in own bed from day one.<BR>2. Stimulation is reduced to absolute minimum for newborns (no bouncy chairs or swings!!!!).<BR>3. One breast feeds, every 2.5 to 3 hours.<BR>4. Study your child and learn from Tracy how to interpret signals.<BR>As an experienced parent, I cannot say enough about how helpful this book is for new parents or parents of newborns.BUY IT!!!!
B000006TRV|5.0|WOW, this album isn't they're greatest album, that honour falls to 'Dark Side of the Moon' but this album has everything...  including a hidden message at the start of empty spaces...  don't ask how i know.  <br />Highly reccomend this album to fans of alternative and prog rock
0345413377|3.0|The &quot;His Dark Materials&quot; series was a promising set of books for a relatively low key author, but I beleive that the series degraded from a could-not-put-down-book to something else. The stress I felt at the end of the &quot;Subtle Knife&quot; was unbearable, and (I thought that) soon my questions were going to be answered with the Amber Spyglass, but as I read it, something felt wrong, like this was not the same author. No longer did I feel like I was reading something completely unique. At the end of the second book, it talked of Lord Arisel's war against God. This whole part of the story was left in shambles, which didnt make sense to me. Many are saying that Pullman's own thoughts came into his storytelling. I no longer want to reread this series anymore. It has now become another forgotten series of fantasy books in the huge world of fantasy writers, and though I feel this is wrong to condemn this series I cannot help saying that this entire set of novels fell apart at the end, leaving me dissatisfied.
0920668364|5.0|I have passed this book on to my children, it is a tradition in <BR>my family to pass any classic that has meant something to us.<BR>This book reminded me of the time when I was a child and my own <BR>mom, realizing she was growing older, and I was growing up, said<BR>to me, &quot;You will always be my baby.&quot; This meant so much to me and<BR>made me realize this applies , no matter how old we become. We repeat the process by taking care of our febble parents, they<BR>brought us into the world and we must see that they are taken care of, when they can no longer care for themselves. This is a great book for a mom to read to her child, to stress the importance of family and compassion.
0345413377|3.0|The &quot;His Dark Materials&quot; series was a promising set of books for a relatively low key author, but I beleive that the series degraded from a could-not-put-down-book to something else. The stress I felt at the end of the &quot;Subtle Knife&quot; was unbearable, and (I thought that) soon my questions were going to be answered with the Amber Spyglass, but as I read it, something felt wrong, like this was not the same author. No longer did I feel like I was reading something completely unique. At the end of the second book, it talked of Lord Arisel's war against God. This whole part of the story was left in shambles, which didnt make sense to me. Many are saying that Pullman's own thoughts came into his storytelling. I no longer want to reread this series anymore. It has now become another forgotten series of fantasy books in the huge world of fantasy writers, and though I feel this is wrong to condemn this series I cannot help saying that this entire set of novels fell apart at the end, leaving me dissatisfied.
0380789019|5.0|If the Red Queen had been a real threat to Alice it might approach the clever darkness that can be found in this beautiful and eloquent novel. Neil Gaiman takes the London Underground and turns it into a fantasy world where battles rage and goth girls drain your lifeforce with a kiss. <BR>Neil Gaiman is a wordsmith with fantstic stories and memorable characters. 'Neverwhere' leaves you wanting to turn another page.<BR>Enjoy!
B00003CX5P|4.0|Consider George Lucas's $4 million investment in bringing the Phantom Menace to DVD an apology for the oft-maligned and poorly directed Episode I, and you'll feel better about adding the double-disc to your collection.  Even though the film and story have severe shortcomings (David Letterman joked during its release that the line to get into the theater was two hours long, but the movie was so bad that the line to get out was three hours long), you cannot ignore the value of the extra material that is included.<br />Disc one features a solid THX transfer of the film, or one should say &quot;data&quot;, since so much of it was generated digitally anyway. Several scenes have been tweaked or extended, in true Lucas fashion, but Jar-Jar remains annoyingly intact. The audio tracks are nearly perfect with Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround EX, and English and Spanish Dolby 2.0 tracks. Audio track four contains film commentary by George Lucas, producer Rick McCallum, Ben Burtt, Rob Coleman, John Knoll, Dennis Muren and Scott Squires. Burtt, Coleman, Knoll and Muren are most impressive, with Lucas and McCallum not really saying anything new.<br />Disc two provides a rare glimpse behind the scenes at Lucasfilm with hours and hours of footage, stills, deleted scenes and trailers. One caution for sensitive viewers of disc two is the fondness that Episode I producer Rick McCallum apparently has for the F word- even in front of children- all clipped of course to just &quot;f...&quot;, but most are obvious.  My opinion of McCallum, already low, fell considerably after watching the discs.  <br />Included in the hour-long documentary &quot;The Beginning&quot; is a hint that several at Lucasfilm, including Ben Burtt and Lucas himself, may have had an early indication that the Phantom Menace was falling short of expectations by attempting to do too much, but they strived to improve the picture right up until its theatrical release in May 1999.  Unfortunately, they came up short.<br />So thanks again, George, for all the extras on the DVD. We'll be watching, and hoping for something a lot better with Episode II.
B00005N9CV|5.0|Again, I love Diana Krall way of making everything sound so simple.   I love other jazz / pop artist but their artistry seems learn and rehersed.   Ms. Krall seems as if she is just sitting down at the piano and playing and singing a simple melody, even though as a musician, I know it isn't simple or easy.
B00005JKCF|5.0|Even though this movie doesn't come to theaters until the middle of next year, I am already going to say that this movie is going to kick some serious behind. If the movie uses the same effects and camera angles as is shown in the preview, than the world is in for an adventure like no other. It's Spider-man for crying out loud. He is the best superhero ever. On May 3, 2002, I am going to be the first in line to experience this gem of a movie. Hope to see you there
B00005N9CV|5.0|Again, I love Diana Krall way of making everything sound so simple.   I love other jazz / pop artist but their artistry seems learn and rehersed.   Ms. Krall seems as if she is just sitting down at the piano and playing and singing a simple melody, even though as a musician, I know it isn't simple or easy.
059035342X|5.0|I read the fist book of the series and was completely blown away.A story of a boy wizard who grew up not knowing what he really was. Who on his eleventh birthday was introduced into a new world, which he belonged in all his life. Who attended a magical school of wizardry and witchcraft. Once there he quickly made best friends who will clearly play major roles in the future books. No story would be complete without villains which this book provides a great deal of. While at the school Harry uncovers his dark past and how he ended up living with his relatives. At the end of the school year Harry comes face to face with an evil figure from his past. Harry Potter and the Sorcerers Stone is clearly on its way to becoming one of the century's best books.
B00005N9CV|5.0|Again, I love Diana Krall way of making everything sound so simple.   I love other jazz / pop artist but their artistry seems learn and rehersed.   Ms. Krall seems as if she is just sitting down at the piano and playing and singing a simple melody, even though as a musician, I know it isn't simple or easy.
B00005JJX6|5.0|To Catch A Thief is a very unconventional Hitchcock film, in that it is a romantic comedy, and much like his other romantic comedy Mr &amp; Mrs Smith, it is well worth a look. And not just for curiousity sake, for the film has many great touches: wonderful acting, glamourous location photography and most interesting story that elevates the story from it's romantic comedy underpinings.<br />As a Hitchcock fan, you have to ask yourself: do want to be entertained? Or do you want to see how Hitch flexes his cinematic technical muscle to raise the hairs on the back of your neck? After a certain number of viewings, you want a film that consistently entertains after repeat viewings. To Catch A Theif does that, time and time again. Grace Kelly is most rapturous in this role, and a little more sneaky than her role in Rear Window; you'll love the picnic scene - the sexual overtones play out very well. One of the few good points about the old Hollywood Production Code was the creative dialogue it caused writers to come up with in order to get their points across about sex; which is also why the fireworks/kiss scene is still effective. Nevertheless the Master still employs his dazzling tricks to engage us in the film, but more subtly than usual. The end finale packs a suspense we love from Hitchcock, and the various police chases are fun as well as suspenseful. The precise editing which defines Hitchcocks work is all there too, so it's Hitchcock in spirit and technique if not tone.<br />All in all this film is well worth it -- in any format, but a remastered DVD is most welcome. To see Robert Burkes' Oscar-winning cinematography in a widescreen, properly-timed presentation is well worth the DVD treatment.
B00003CX5P|1.0|Neither DVD of the two DVD set works *at all* on a Macintosh.   The movie doesn't play and the additional DVD-ROM only content is incompatible.
0789723107|5.0|This is a great book. I assign it as a college level text for a  Web Interface Design Class.<br />My students actually enjoy reading this book, and derive an understanding of important usability principles from it. It presents this fascinating information in a very engaging style. <br />I think this would be good for anyone who is associated with designing web pages. The principles are sound, and important. <br />There are many web sites which have design/usability problems. If only they could read this book!
0064400557|5.0|&quot;Charlotte's Web,&quot; by E.B. White, belongs to a special class of literature: a children's book which has much to offer to older teen and adult readers. White's wonderful story is superbly complemented by the charming illustrations of Garth Williams.<br />As the story opens, eight year old farm girl Fern Arable stops her father from killing a piglet who has been labeled the runt of the litter. The little pig, whom Fern names Wilbur, becomes one of the central figures in the story. Eventually he will be befriended by Charlotte, the wise and loving spider mentioned in the book's title.<br />White creates a sort of modern animal fable in which his barnyard characters can speak both with each other and with Fern. White's barn is populated with some truly marvelous characters. Special mention should be made of Templeton the rat. Gluttonous, sneaky, often nasty, but curiously sympathetic, Templeton is one of the great anti-heroes in modern literature.<br />Part of this novel's brilliance is the fact that the author makes a heroine out of a spider: a creature that many people probably regard with fear. Unlike a cute piglet or other barnyard creatures, a spider is a creature vastly different from humans. White's Charlotte is a truly remarkable character. White's witty, compassionate prose style is an ideal vehicle for telling the story of Charlotte and her friends.<br />&quot;Charlotte's Web&quot; is a masterful blend of whimsy, humor, gentle satire, and life-and-death drama. But above all, it is a powerful story of friendship. Deeply moving and superbly written, this is a book which, I believe, will endure as a treasured classic.
0553284347|5.0|Wow! This book really nails my relationship with my parents and what's been eating away at me all these years. And it does it in a straightforward, no-nonsense way. I am usually not a fan of self-help books because they are usually full of touchy-feely &quot;healing the inner child&quot; stuff. Once this book makes you see exactly how your upbringing damaged you, it tells you step-by-step how to confront the past and move on. A real testament to the power of this book is that I recommended it to my sister--very much a pull-yourself up by your bootstraps, accept it and move on kind of person--and she thought it contained amazing insight. My sister and I have started confronting the pain of our past for the very first time, and this book helped us do that. Can we get a two-for-one special for consultations with Dr. Forward?<br />As for the reviewers who think this book is just blaming the parents for everything, they've got it all wrong. You CAN blame them for what happened in your childhood, because you were a child and had no control over it. But you ARE responsible for your actions as an adult. Coming to terms with your past and placing responsibility where it belongs is the first step in gaining control over and taking responsibility for your adult life.
015626224X|5.0|Much lighter in tone than 1984 and Animal Farm, the book mainly consists of the unnamed protagonist scrounging for money in Paris and London. For awhile he worked as a dishwasher in a Parisian restaurant, 17 hours a day, and he wrote of the extraordinary filth in the serving quarters. It didn't matter whether or not the food was sanitary, as long as it looked good. He mentioned, for instance, a waiter who dropped a roast chicken down the shaft and it landed three floors below in a pile of rubbish, then was wiped and sent up again. And that was a GOOD restaurant. Wait till he started working in a bad one! The protagonist went on a rather preachy tangent toward the end about British tramps. He knew what he was talking about, seeing as he lived on the streets for a couple of weeks in London awaiting a job. All in all, a very good book. It will make you laugh a few times, which is more than can be said about 1984.
B00003CX5P|5.0|Forget the VHS version!  The THX, Dolby Digital DVD is the best! My only complaint is that this DVD is not in DTS.  I'm hoping a DTS version will be released later.  <br />This DVD is a two disc set.  Disc two has TONS of special features.  Some of these special features include: Deleted scenes, extended Podrace scenes, An hour-long documentary inside Lucasfilm and ILM during production, Multi-angle storyboard-to-animatic-to-film segment featuring the Submarine and Podrace Lap 1 sequences and MANY more.<br />The music is by John Williams....Nobody does it better, Period!<br />I can't wait for the other Star Wars films to be released on DVD!<BR>Hopefully in DTS.  Thanks, George!<br />P.S.  I LOVE Jar Jar!!
B00003CXRP|4.0|The concept &quot;Cast Away&quot; is meant to be a metaphor for stripping away or casting away all the trappings of a normal, modern existence, thereby finding out what is truly important in life.<br />With a breathtaking performance, Tom Hanks played Chuck Noland, FedEx systems engineer whose life is ruled by the clock as his demanding job propels him across the world with hardly a second notice. His manic life comes to an abrupt halt as he's flying to Tahiti in a FedEx plane, which crashes during a storm over the South Pacific. He got stranded on an island for four years with no one to talk with, except his dear friend, &quot;Wilson&quot;, the volleyball. While his fiancee and co-workers assume he's dead, he must give up everything that he once took for granted and learn how to survive both physically and emotionally.<br />Cast Away is a model of restrained storytelling that's studded with a series of pure emotional peaks. Ultimately compelling and human, it teaches every viewer that surviving is not really living at all. Tom Hanks had conveyed that desperation beautifully with simple gestures and deeply expressive eyes devoid of hope. The movie is trying to impart a lesson of determination and the will to survive. Such a very good movie to recommend for viewing since it portrays a very good picture, although not really a perfect comparison of almost everyone's life affected by the current worldwide economic pitfulls and the worsening socio-political problem of terrorism. Everyone in his/her own way is challenged to survive and to hold on tight to the rope in order not to fall by believing in oneself and to have the courage to go through the difficulties and not by facing one's back.<br />The production design and musical of the movie are outstanding, as well as the direction of Zemeckis. The acting, especially by Hanks, is top rate. But in terms of story and pacing, the whole of &quot;Cast Away&quot; is a lot less than the sum of its parts.
B00003CXCS|5.0|The Sound of Music is a classic musical set amid the splendor and majesty of the Bavarian Alps. Shot in Salzburg, I consider it as one of the greatest screen musical ever made.<br />The film is based on a real family and their true events. It tells the story of a young postulate, Maria, who after proving too high-spirited for the Mother Abess and other nuns, is sent off to work as a governess to seven unruly children. The von Trapp family is run in military style, by the seemingly cold-hearted Captain von Trapp, a lonely widowed naval officer.  Seeing how badly he and his children need companionship, he proposes to Baroness Schraeder, calculating, mutual friend of beloved family friend Max Detweiler.  It is the baroness who soon realizes that it's Maria - with her warmth and love for the children, whom the captain really loves.  It is nearly bliss for the newly formed family who loves to sing together except for the cloud looming over their beloved Austrian horizon: Hitler is ascending to power, forcing von Trapp to decide whether to join the Nazi party, which he loathes or force his family to leave their home forever.<br />The musical is trying to depict the political crisis of Austria wherein the country was so much affected with the arising power of the Nazis that time.  This musical is really one of my favorites.  With the beautiful cinematography, along with the beautiful songs, no doubt it deserves the Academy Awards it had.<br />I strongly recommend this musical to everyone especially those who love music very much. It is really quite a splended film for me since i also love the classics. The dvd format is great!!!
B00000DCH9|5.0|Yeah, &quot;Cold Spring Harbor&quot; was a dud because of the recording screw-up, but &quot;Piano Man&quot; was the album that took Billy Joel out of a slut. Great tracks on here, including &quot;Captian Jack&quot;, &quot;The Ballad Of Billy The Kid&quot;, &quot;Ain't No Crime&quot;, and &quot;Paino Man&quot;. Good songs; good artist; what do you have to lose?
B000051VWW|4.0|Always a smooth operator, Sade has rocked my world since the early days.<br />Saw her sing &quot;By your side&quot; on the Chris Rock Show and bam, had to have that CD (Even though I already had the mp3's). She is a legend and deserves to be in your collection =)
B00003CX5P|4.0|I enjoyed this DVD quite a bit, my only complaint was on the extras DVD...  a lot of the backgrounds on commentary excerpts appear rather pixelated and don't blend very well...  That and the menus seemed a bit buggy in a few spots [such as the 12 part web documentary] and I have to manually forward the DVD past the second copyright...<br />Past that, great DVD, and next on my list is to try out the special portion of the Star Wars website that you must own the second DVD to get into it.
B00005214X|4.0|All Things Must Pass is a great album. But I greatly prefer the wonderful, original album.   The new isue adds several extra tracks, none of which I find very interesting. They seem to be just filler. And worse, by placing them in the middle they ruin the flow of the album, and make you listen to filler after filler to get to the good stuff. All Things Must Pass is a great album; you'd be much better served getting the original. The extra tracks version is 60% of a great album and 30% of filler.
0060273224|5.0|From beginning to end i found this book to be exciting in every page. i love the characters and even the evil enemies that sabriel has to defeat. vivid imagination on top of action made this book so great. i absolutly couldn't put this book down. so i give this book the best possible ratings cos it deserves um all.
0679879269|5.0|It has been said that science fiction/fantasy writers have a twofold responsibility.  The first is to bring to life characters, creating a set of circumstances that are believable and interesting to read about.  The second is to create a world where these characters live that is just as believable as the actions they are committing.<BR>Philip Pullman does both of these things with the deftness of a master.  His worlds are startlingly different from ours and yet the similarities resonate in a profound way, causing the reader to be stimulated by his philosophy as well as being entirely engaged by the characters within the story.  To be sure, his view on christianity will cost him some readers, but the religious aspect of the novel is an interesting thread within the fabric of the story.  It is an important thread, connecting the actions and purpose of the characters, but a thread nonetheless.  To dismiss the work as heretic or satanical is to be blinded by a stiff view of the world, and an incorrect view of the worlds in which Lyra, Will, Serafina Pekkala and Iorek Byrnson operate. <BR>It is a rare thing to read a book of such mastery.  Pullman is a storyteller of the first degree.  That he uses a volatile subject as the basis for his tapestries does not diminish the art of the work as a whole, but is a testament to his prowess as an artist.
0060987464|5.0|Marilyn Manson protrayed his life very well in this book. I think its important to read it for someone who tries to understand his persona and the meaning of his songs etc. <BR>Besides that, it strongly includes topics like sexuality and violence, so it may &quot;offend&quot; some people. <br />Personally, I liked the 14th chapter about his dreams best.
B00003CXSP|5.0|What is the matter with all of you people, whats with all these serious reviews?  Dont you know that Hannibal is actually a comidy about 6 friends that live in an appartment and often time marry each other?  Though many of you simple minded paramiciums may believe the truth is reveiled in the moive, your brain power is excited by that of a can of green and yellow grunting monkeys.  The monkeys have been trained, of course, in the arts of chew jit su, and pizza throwing, so dont mess with em.  By each monkeys side there is a faithful bull frog, only ten feet in diameter, containing gallons of hogwalup blood.  My advice to you is get a life and while your at it bring me some anchovie/grub breadsticks.  Ill reimplode you when you arrive.
0800105141|5.0|WHAT STAYED WITH ME FOR SO LONG AFTER THIS EXCELLENT FILM WAS THE BEAUTIFUL SOUNDTRACK.i'VE SEARCHED AND HAVE HAD NO LUCK FINDING THE CD, IS THERE ANYONE OUT THERE WHO CAN WHO KNOWS WHERE THIS WONDERFUL MUSIC CAN BE FOUND,<br />  JIM
0441008356|5.0|Fans of space opera will find this author's first novel is far-ranging. The mysterious disappearance of an alien species millions of years before human arrival doesn't concern most new colonists, but Dan is convinced it's important - and his investigations threaten his life. Mingle a mystery with drama set on another world and you have a fast-paced, involving story.
B00005QJDG|5.0|A night at the Roseland Theater on three disks.  Dream Theater rips through the 1 1/2 disk Scenes From A Memory set, which most have seen on video/dvd.  Everything from the adrenaline-pumping chords of Overture 1928 down to the stories climax in Finally Free.  The second set on disk 2 appropriately starting with Metropolis Pt.1,which i swear James was a bit under the influence during his &quot;speech&quot;, to the heavy crunge of The Mirror.  Continuing with Just Let Me Breathe, 3/4 of the LTE opus Acid Rain, and the back-and-forth medley of Caught in A Web/New Millenium.  Then back to Images and Words with Another Day.  Jordans odd, yet entertaining solo follows.  Disk 3 starts with the mini-epic A Mind Beside Itself (erotomania,voices,and the silent man), and Learning To Live.  The albums ends with my personal favorite song, A Change Of Seasons.  A great encore to a great show.  Forget Once In A Livetime...heres Scenes From New York...enjoy...
B00005BJPO|1.0|I'm going to have to wade against the current and give this a really negative review. Having heard about this movie for years without getting a chance to see anything but a few clips, I rushed home from the video rental store where I found it with great expectations. But although the animation was every bit as impressive as I expected, the story itself was worse than just nonsense, it was DULL. I don't fully blame Akira's creator for this boring confused mess, after all he had to condense a large, complex work thousands of pages long into a relatively short movie. However, I found it to be as boring and vacuous as the Americanized version of the original Godzilla. Like Godzilla, much of the movie is taken up by an (albeit visually impressive) monstrosity running rampant through Tokyo and brainlessly destroying everything in its way without any clear motive. Sure, the original comic, which I haven't read (a movie should stand on its own), probably makes sense and has some meaning and depth, much like the original Japanese version of Godzilla is supposed to be a powerful allegory of the nuking of Hiroshima, but personally I don't find the sight of animated buildings being destroyed for what seems to be an eternity any more interesting than watching it happen to a bunch of models built by Toho.  It does begin with an interesting storyline about government experimentation and study of psychics and about a motorcycle gang, but with the film's chopped up story, it just becomes a confused mess and an excuse for the later destruction.<br />Akira is worth watching for those purely interested in the technical aspects of animation, and one of it plusses is that it actually has oriental characters (much Japanese animation portrays futures in which there isn't one single oriental). But neither does it fully avoid the disturbingly conformist manner in which human physical characteristics are (unrealistically) portrayed in Japanese animation (big eyes, etc. -- how about some individual artistic expression?), and there are a number of movies now available in North America with equally impressive animation and better unlike back when Akira first came out. Akira did help introduce a new genre to North America, which is a wonderful accomplishment, so it is still of historic interest, but I have to pass on Akira itself.
B000002C25|3.0|Their 3rd and *almost* disappointing studio album. I say disappointing because it's release was so over-hyped that no album could live up to it (not to mention &quot;Morning Glory&quot; success.)The album lacks restraint and many songs go over produced and reasonable time limits.It's major epic (and number 1 hit in England) &quot;All Around The World&quot; best exemplifies this. It's chorus is repeated so often you can only give it a listen once a month 'cuz you get sick of it. (It does have it's good lines. &quot;If you're lost at sea I hope that you've drowned.&quot;)Rightfully so the album is kicked off with the rousing and thunderous &quot;D'You Know What I Mean&quot;. Some of Noel's best lyrics are contained in this one. &quot;Look into the wall of my mind's eye, I think I know but I don't know why. The questions are the answers you might need.&quot; Again, it's production could have been scaled back but it's drum beat has you banging your head so you don't take too much notice.&quot;My Big Mouth&quot;, don't listen to this too loud or your ears will suffer some damage (as mine were when I saw Oasis live in Indianapolis, Indiana in 1996. I was literally deaf for the 3 days following!) Upon first reading the title, you'd think Noel was making fun of himself (I'm sure most of you have heard of Oasis boasting, etc.) In the song, he does both, boast and poke fun. &quot;Into my big mouth, you could fly a plane. Who'll put on my shoes while they're walking slowly down the hall of fame?&quot;There (of course) is the tear jerker and it is embodied in &quot;Don't Go Away&quot; (which with my luck, came out shortly after I was dumped for a second time by my then boyfriend.) Usually, when you love someone and lose them, you want them back and will say anything to do it. &quot;Don't go away, say what you'll say but say that you'll stay, forever and a day.&quot;Noel has lead vocals for &quot;Magic Pie&quot; and even though he has an extended guitar solo in it, that doesn'texcuse the track's length.Johny Depp (!) has a cameo in &quot;Fade In-Out&quot; playing slide guitar. Not sure which bits he played but it all sounded good so he must not be all that bad eh?A good album to be sure but it's weaknesses take some of the glitter away.
0767827716|3.0|This movie, based upon the Stephen King novel, is about a geek who buys a car which, for no apparent reason, was \\"evil\\" even before it came off of the assembly line in the 1950s.  As the geek becomes more attached to the car, he becomes increasingly sociopathic.  He then uses the car (which only plays oldies from the 1950s on the radio and can reassemble itself whenever it is damaged) to get \\"revenge\\".<br />I loved this movie the first time I saw it on late night TV so I was surprised by how boring I found it when I saw it again recently. Of course I was only 13 the first time I watched the movie and could be easily excited by any horror movie with good special effects and lots of swearing. The special effects are still great (and so is the soundtrack), but the plot about highschool bullying and overbearing parents that I used to find interesting now just comes off as one-dimensional and dull.  The main character isn't very sympathetic even before he becomes corrupted by the car, so no matter how dislikeable the bullies are, you never feel much sympathy for him either.  For your approximately 2 hours of viewing, you get to see a boring geek turn into an egotistical jerk and eventually run down a couple of bullies with his car.  None of the good character development that exists in the book carries over into the movie and it fails to build up much suspense.  Looking back, this is one of the last watchable movies Carpenter made until his recent rebirth with Vampires.<br />There are far better car movies, Stephen King adaptations (the far better \\"Dead Zone\\" came out the same year) and John Carpenter movies than this.  Do yourself a favour and get one of those instead.
0743216458|5.0|This is one of the best books I have ever read!  It captivates you and keeps you interested from the first page.  One of the first book I have enjoyed reading all the way through. A MUST READ!!!
B0000026J6|5.0|I too came upon this incredible singer while channel surfing and went to the internet the next day to order the cd, i've shared it with may friends and they are all hooked. His songs make you feel happy, sad and sexy.  I'm going to order more for gifts.
B00005O5N1|1.0|I saw this movie because I had a date and I have a passing resemblence to Hugh Grant. I thought it wouldn't do my chances with the girl any harm to be associated in her mind with a 'cute' Hollywood film star. My sexual predatoriness, of course, goes against the whole ethos of the movie, which is all about a plump English girl trying to find 'trooooo love.'<br />(...)Watching this film made me very aware that men and women have radically different itineries. <br />Women nowadays like to think they can enjoy a bit of a fling and 'play the field' in the same way that men have traditionally done, but, just like Bridget Jones in this movie, their hearts are not really in it. The pleasure of the moment is never just the pleasure of the moment, but is forced to have greater significance. What they want, therefore, is 'sexual excitement' LEADING TO a 'meaningful relationship.' This is what Bridget so clearly wants, and is of course the reason why she, along with so many of her sex, is obsessed by her weight. This is also the reason Hugh Grant's plasure-loving cad is cast as the bad guy.<br />As a man who also relishes a bit of pleasure and doesn't relish the prospect of being woven into one woman's cosy little domestic fantasy, I can't but find this movie offensive in the same way that an African American would find a racially inensitive movie offensive. Men are not mere adjuncts to feminine fantasy. We do not exist only to make their cosy little world safe and complete. We have our own needs, desires, and sensibilities, many of which this movie clearly offends.
0743216458|5.0|This book is so good I could not stop reading it next thing I know it was 3a.m. Very real the author makes you feel that you are with those men . My God it was GREAT !. Best $... I ever spent.
B00003CX5P|3.0|I was eagerly waiting for this DVD, expecting a crystal sharp picture and a dynamic Dolby 5.1 EX soundtrack, after all, Lucas delayed the DVD release so that he could personally supervize its production.<br />I was dissapointed.......<br />Picture quality was washed out, and black level was more grey than black.  Many scenes exhibited edge enhancement<br />Sound mix was not the best I've heard, and the dialog level was very low compared to the other channels.<br />Probably looks good on a regular TV, but on my 90 inch screen and THX sound system, it was so so.<br />Still enjoyed watching it though.  Lets hope the other episodes are an improvement in quality
0140366822|5.0|This book right away reminded me of Anne from Anne of Green Gables.  Pollyanna too is inventing new games and she loves to talk too.  Pollyanna comes up with a wonderful game to find someting wonderful in everything.  She's always cheerful and find life a big game.  It's a great book and you just have to read it.  This book captures you right away and sweeps you into the world of Pollyanna.  You are left, too, with the feeling of wanting to find something good in everything in life...
1853260002|4.0|I have wanted to read the classics of English literature since I did not do so during college.  Because I am not in college, I do not have any need to have an edition with critical essays and copious notes about different versions of the book.  A simple book with the story in front of me was all that was necessary.  Wordsworth Classics filled the need quite satisfactorily.<br />This edition has the complete text and not much else.  The introduction has some historical information about the author and about the publishing of the book.  There are only two pages of this. The margins are small, so taking notes within the text will prove difficult.  It is easy to carry around and seems to put up with a moderate amount of abuse.<br />The particular story starts with the famous/infamous line \\"It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife.\\"  Given this, and given Jane Austen, you know that you are in for a tour of marriage in old England.  Austen's sketches of her characters are so well done that you can't help but hear the dialogue in your head in the voice's of people you are familiar with.  Jane Austen understands how people work and is a very astute observer of human nature.<br />In these pages you will follow the trials and tribulations of Jane and Elizabeth Bennett, Mr. Bingley, Mr. Darcy, and the rest of their families and acquaintances. The read is well worth it.  The reading is engaging and will keep you turning pages.  I would heartily recommend this book.
B00002Z88D|5.0|These are the best 2 CDs i have ever listened to. The best concert in the history of music. The best way to show that two such different genres of music, rock and classic, can combine so perfectly. The best proof that all the guys from Metallica, and Michael Kamen, are geniuses. The best way to show that Metallica will never die, it will live forever and will be forever remembered for everything they did. The best idea of the decade. THE BEST!!
6303921248|5.0|I don't know if you ever asked yourself that question or not.  Whenever you read a book, you supply the sound of the voice when reading the dialogue between the characters.  Your imagination and experience will give this to you.  If you ever wanted to know if you are right, watch this presentation of \\"Pride and Prejudice.\\"<br />The film is very true to the novel.  Every gesture is shown here as it was written in the book.  The prideful mien of Darcy is very well done by Colin Firth.  The prating of Mrs. Bennett is so well done that I was spooked.  Not only was this a good presentation in itself, but it really brought more to my reading of the book.<br />Not only that, but the smallest of details are true to the time period.  For instance, when a message was sent by post, the postage was paid by the recipient rather than the sender.  Even this detail is accurately depicted in the film.<br />It is 5 hours long, but is indeed worth it.  There are six tapes with 50 minutes worth of material on each.  There is no \\"recap\\" at the beginning of each, so you can watch them back to back.  If you take a few days in between tapes, you might want to watch the end of the previous one to refresh your memory.<br />This is a must-see for Jane Austen fans.
B00005QGAZ|5.0|The re-issued package includes a gold-pressed CD, a new booklet, and alot of bonus material:<BR>1. interviews with co-producer quincy jones.<BR>2. ***DEMO OF BILLIE JEAN***! AMAZING STUFF! you gotta hear it to belive it, there weren't any lyrics yet to the song, so MJ just hums and makes up words along the way! a classic!<BR>3. a demo of Michael with Vincent Price, for the rap part of &quot;Thriller&quot;. you can hear an entire new verse from the rap, never before released.<BR>4. brand new song from the thriller era that was originally recorded for the album but was taken out (vinyl's time limitations, i guess). the song's called &quot;Carousel&quot;. it very beautiful, although i'm a bit disappointed it wasn't the entire song (only 1:50 minutes).<br />In short? a must have. needless to say, all the wonderful tracks have been remastered by engineer Bruce Sweiden, under the direction of Michael himself.<BR>Enjoy the King of Pop!<BR>Oded S.
B000002C1V|5.0|This album has been always remembered because of the controversial 'by Roger Waters, performed by Pink Floyd' credit.  Which is a shame really considering that some people only criticize this beautiful, thought-provoking, heartfelt and timeless masterpiece simply because it is 'practically a solo Roger Waters' album.  But then Roger Waters is practically a genius and the songs on this cd still stand out as strongly as when they were released.  If this record is not in your collection then you still don't know what you're missing really.  Just give a little space in your life to 'The Final Cut'!  You'll see that it's more than worth it!
B00003CX5P|4.0|Well, let's face it...you go to see Star Wars movies for visual effects, right...Well this movie, and the DVD deliver those in spades, and like no one but Mr. Lucas, and the ILM wizards can.  However...If you're like me and grew up on the original trilogy as a kid, you are in for a lesson that you missed due to the first three films being so ingrained into our culture.  As movies...well...they're not that good...It took me about five minutes into this film to to realize that the script dialogue was terrible.  Plus, In an attempt to please all of the people, he brings in idiotic characters like Jar-Jar.  Enough has been said elsewhere about him, and I will give no further opinions lest I be though a racist.  however, I bought the DVD, though I will seldom, if ever watch it.  Mr. Lucas knows that there are many who will do the same.  And the money goes in his pocket regardless.  maybe he could have come up with a different story fo this new generation of kids, and let us keep ours.
B00005QIPH|4.0|This is not for you, snobs.  The Strokes &quot;Is This It&quot; isn't for you.  It isn't for those who want their music mysterious and unknowable.  It isn't for those who hate hype.  It isn't for those who can't stand creamy Rolling Stone reviews, or NME cover stories proclaiming to have found the newest savior of rock n' roll.  It isn't for those who can't stand the PR machine.  It isn't for those who refuse to let the music stand on its own and form their own opinions.  It isn't for anyone, anywhere, who hated a band because they found success.<br />This is music for people who like music.  Who want the drive, the push of &quot;The Modern Age&quot; or &quot;Barely Legal.&quot;  Who like the intricate bass parts and counterpoint melodies of &quot;Is This It.&quot;  Who can't get enough of the pure attitude and near-jangle-ragtime punk of &quot;Someday.&quot;  Remember what you first felt when you heard Elastica for the first time?  Or the revelation of Versus's &quot;Secret Swingers?&quot;  Or that gut feel that the first time you heard &quot;White Light White Heat&quot; wouldn't be the last, not by a long shot?  Welcome to The Strokes.<br />No, they won't save rock n' roll.  No one band can.  But just because the record companies and magazines and hype machines got it right for once, doesn't mean we should damn the band that happened to be the recipient of such praise.  And when Julian Casablancas sings on &quot;Hard to Explain,&quot; not quite the best song on the album, but certainly the most revelatory, &quot;Was it all missing?&quot;, you'll know that The Strokes are something unusual and special.
B00003CX5P|4.0|Well, let's face it...you go to see Star Wars movies for visual effects, right...Well this movie, and the DVD deliver those in spades, and like no one but Mr. Lucas, and the ILM wizards can.  However...If you're like me and grew up on the original trilogy as a kid, you are in for a lesson that you missed due to the first three films being so ingrained into our culture.  As movies...well...they're not that good...It took me about five minutes into this film to to realize that the script dialogue was terrible.  Plus, In an attempt to please all of the people, he brings in idiotic characters like Jar-Jar.  Enough has been said elsewhere about him, and I will give no further opinions lest I be though a racist.  however, I bought the DVD, though I will seldom, if ever watch it.  Mr. Lucas knows that there are many who will do the same.  And the money goes in his pocket regardless.  maybe he could have come up with a different story fo this new generation of kids, and let us keep ours.
B00003CXX8|1.0|This movie was laughable.  The story was weak from start to finish and ended absolutley predictable.  The film bordered being so stupid you could laugh at it and sucking so bad you wanted might as well spend your time taking a ....<BR>Don't even waste your time with the rental, wait for it on HBO if you have to see it.
0440211727|5.0|10- 08-01<br /> &quot; A Time to Kill,&quot; written by John Grisham is an interesting and touching novel. The novel takes place in Mississippi during the late 1900's when America was struggling with the division of blacks and whites. The main characters are Tanya Lee, Carl Lee, and Jake. Tanya and Carl Lee were both African Americans who had suffered from racial violence. Carl's daughter, Tanya who was ten years old, was raped and almost beaten to death by two rednecks that supported the KKK. Carl became crazy when he found out what had happened to his little daughter. He then saw the two rednecks at the courtroom and shot and killed them. The story continues about the court trial to see if Carl Lee is put to death for killing the rednecks or walks as a free man. The only problem about this situation is that in Mississippi, whites dominated everything and so Carl doesn't have a good chance of winning the case. Jake is Carl's white attorney who risks everything to set Carl free. <BR> I recommend this novel because it's very interesting and it involves a part of history. The novel shows the cruelty of whites toward blacks. But, is also shows how some whites risked their lives for the rights of blacks. There was a part of the book that I liked because it helped me visualize the violence on the streets between whites and blacks. During the trial of Carl Lee, the KKK terrorized blacks and the people who supported them. The KKK burned houses and burned crosses and placed them on people's lawns. The last day of Carl's trial, half of the street was filled with the KKK and whites, while the other side was filled with blacks. This event gave me a clear description about the KKK and how violent and divided the people were. The novel is dramatic and keeps its reader anticipating for more.
B000002U6E|5.0|Cross of Changes is my favourite album of Enigma as well as my favourite album of all time. How can one resist the complexity and perfection of Enigma's music? It's hard to classify them into any genre and I believe people who love different genres of music would love Enigma. I always recommend this album to my friends and they all can't help but fall in love with Enigma instantly. Return to Innocence is the best track Enigma ever written but in fact all the 9 songs in Cross of Changes are perfectly written and I assure you that you can never find another album which is as good as this one.<br />P.S. I feel pity for those people who gave one or two stars for Cross of Changes as it's apparently that they can't see the beauty of Enigma's music.
0812567110|4.0|&quot;Every portrait that is painted with feeling is a portrait of the artist...&quot; says Oscar Wilde's Basil Hallward - and every book is the author's autobiography.  Wilde provides an irresistible coupling of his fascinating wisdom and seductive voice in THE PICTURE OF DORIAN GRAY, a self-portrait.<br />In a story of forbidden love, Wilde languishes in an idyllic setting eager with curous onlookers whom he delights in stimulating.  He insists upon being provocative and alluring, taking 'strange pleausre in saying things that he is not sorry about having said.'  THE PICTURE OF DORIAN GRAY is an image drawn by a lover whose passion for realism is transcended only by the hands of a writer who leaves everything to your imagination.  As Dorian Gray protests, &quot;Let me think.  Or, rather, let me try not to.&quot;<br />But this IS a book about thinking - and deeply.  A book that fathoms the deep erotic recesses of the human heart and speaks its language perfectly.
0385474547|2.0|Achebe is ambitious in his quest to undermine the African stereotypes that have been maintained by the media since the days of European slave trading.  He does so and the reader is acutely aware of the &quot;civilization&quot; and complexity of tribal life.  His goal of altering Western perception of tribal Africa is realized.  However, it was as if I was reading a history book with someone interjecting with stories of tribal life, African vocabulary, and mined cliches, rather than a novel with strongly developed characters, dialogue, and plot structure.  I teach this book in my 12th grade class and I must admit, I was as bored as the students.  Pick up a documentary on tribal Africa instead.
0345403959|5.0|I read this book first before buying the Mallorean and Belgariad series. I'm glad I did. This book makes you wonder and think of the characters. Infact, at the end the end of this book, i was so shocked of how it ended! THAT'S what made me get the series and also the Polagra book! I just HAD to know how it began and ended. I love an author that can do that to his readers!<BR> This book is a great overview of the 2 series! His portrayal of Belgarath is very comical and heartwarming. Whenever i need a good book, i'm sure to pick up and reread this book or start the series all over again.<BR> This book is made to delight the reader. If you are inclined to dissect a book and its author, then you need to relax and let yourself go with this book. This book will let you wonder and feel that you are with Belgarath.
B00005MG2Y|4.0|good but this is part of the slim shady syndrome, sounds like limp bizkit in their freshmen days.
B00005ATQM|5.0|I will  not bore you with another reveiw of this classic album but have to tell you that if you are looking to take your'e listening pleasures to a new level then DVD-A is a must !! I am a proud owner of the &quot;black album&quot; on c.d so opted to make it my first DVD-A as I could make a comparison between the 2 formats but to my delight there is no comparison DVD-A is a whole new experience. Thumping base,extra detail and all round clarity not heard before. So if you are thinking of taking the step over to DVD-A then GO FOR IT you wont be sorry. Now all that is left for me to say is to the record labels please please please please lets have more titles and  have them avadible in the U.K, A.S.A.P
B00005LMBK|4.0|okay but i heard better sounds like the beastie boys of the millenium.
0452282152|2.0|There is a lot that is wrong with this book.  The subtleties of language that some speak of when praising this book are imagined.  In fact, the writing style is far too simplistic, underdeveloped and unengaging to keep the reader's interest.  It's not subtext - it's weak writing.  The main character is also rather weak - the heroine, a young girl named Griet, is basically a Dutch Cinderella as the new maid in the house of Vermeer.  But everything that she is subjected to, which amounts mostly to the childish and dysfunctional bickerings of other members of the household, isn't greeted with resourcefulness but rather with stone-faced staring and &quot;there was nothing I could do&quot;.  Too much of the book, even though it is a fast read, is bogged down with this pettiness and the reader is left begging for something interesting to happen.  The character confides in almost no one (not even her family, for whom which she's doing all this) which is more a statement about her character defects and inability to trust than it is about the situation she's in.  The first time I sympathized with this character is about a third of the way into the book (way too late) when a member of her family dies from plague.  But, since there was little interaction between Griet and that character that the reader saw for himself/herself, even that wasn't very convincing.  The only characters of interest are Maria Thins (Vermeer's mother-in-law) and Vermeer himself.  But we see almost nothing of Vermeer for the first third of the book.  <br />Amazon's review contains the phrase &quot;Still, Girl with a Pearl Earring does contain a final delicious twist.&quot;  Not in my copy - I found the ending very predictable and emotionally unsatisfying.<br />On the plus side, Chevalier does pull off an interesting symbol with the knife that Griet drops in the opening of the book (the one that spins on the kitchen floor).  But in a book about an artist, it's not nearly enough, especially contra a deluge of obvious metaphors.  Yes, there is the defense that this is the voice of a young girl and the language shouldn't be very developed.  But look at a character like Faulkner's Vardaman (As I Lay Dying) - here's a five-year-old in possession of an intellect that is simultaneously advanced and childlike, that weaves childhood thoughts with deep and powerful psychological impact.  Nothing of the sort exists in Girl With a Pearl Earring- it's more a book to be read by teenagers than it is one to be read by adults, and will undoubtedly be a favorite in middle-school English classes in the near future.
0345350499|4.0|This is a very compelling, addictive novel which kept me awake reading all night and haunted me for days after I finished it. I charactors are well-developed and realistic, the magical and spiritual themes are fascinating and  I loved the epic plot line which spans three generations. However, it only got four stars from me as I found the feminist agenda rather intrusive and heavy-handed for my taste.
B00004XOWM|1.0|this is a horrible cd. limp bizkit is horrible. they have no talent and fred durst sucks.
B00004XMTJ|5.0|I absolutely love this version of Cats.  I think the close-up detail of the camera only adds to the magic of this musical.  It allows for real appreciation of the makeup and costumes.  Not to mention, every actor gets to truly create his or her character and display it in further detail than is allowed on stage.  This version gives such distinction to every part.  Also, I've never seen or heard the song about the Battle of the Pekes and the Pollicles before and it is absolutely wonderful.  Very humorous and catchy.  This version of the musical is great!!
0802130208|5.0|This is a remarkable book - a true classic masterpiece.  It is funny and warm and insightful and is written in language that is moving and engrossing.  This is a book that grabbed me and wouldn't allow me to put it down.  It is a shame that Toole's dream of having this book published wasn't realized while he was alive.  His suicide was a waste of fantastic talent.
B00005QIPH|3.0|One would think with such media hype the new Strokes album would be innovative and fresh. Although sound, the album echoes of Velvet Underground, Iggy Pop and even sometimes (and i think horrendously on Track 6) the awful band Cake. The album seems to teeter on the edge of pop at the beginning before reving up on the second track. The third track is too similar to the second, and so on. Track 7 sounds so familiar one would think it an old Clash hit. The band looks enigmatic and smart (which is requisite unfortunately these days) but doesnt bring anything to the table that Television, the heads or the VU did years ago...
B00003CXAA|5.0|It looks and sounds great to me!  The extra features are cool, and I for one don't want all the additional scenes (the ones for the Godfather Saga on TV) inserted.  I prefer them where they are.  Some of those scenes are good (the Genco scene), but others are just unnecessary (all the errands run before Paulie is shot).  I thought the Family Tree was a great addition to the extras disc, too.  The movies ARE dark (particularly I and II), but that was the intent (check out Gordon Willis' comments on the extras disc).  And finally, I don't know why everyone is so harsh on III.  For me, the only real flaw in it is Sofia Coppola's performance, but I can look past that and still enjoy it.  I think one reason people don't like it as much is that it takes place in more modern times and doesn't have that lush, romantic feel about a lot of it--as the earlier movies do in buckets.  Buy the set....now!!!
B000002MG1|5.0|A friend of mine described this album as being &quot;the perfect album&quot;. It made me think. I believe it to be the best that REM have produced, but how near perfect is it ? Every track is excellent. It has moods, it has superb lyrics throughout, technically excellent, gorgeous melodies...what's the definition of perfect ? This is pretty close I think.....
B00005A46T|5.0|The opinions in the various reviews vary greatly for this album.  Some people think this album is unlistenable noise.  Some underground metal fans of bands like Dimmu Borgir, Emperor,  and Napalm Death have called this album weak and wanna be hardcore.  While Im a big fan of underground metal I think the negative reviews of this album by underground metal fans stem from their  un-willing to admit that death metal influenced music actually may be coming out of the underground an into the mainstream.  That is a silly reason not to like something.  Dont worry Slipknot will not dilute underground metal.  Just listen to the album with an open mind and enjoy.
B000002J1O|5.0|No doubt in my mind the best Genesis album. Lamb Lies Down being a close second. This is an often overlooked Genesis album, although techically superb. Mellow tones, excellent keyboards by Tony Banks, wonderful, clever lyrics by Gabriel (especially &quot;the Battle of Epping Forest&quot;). Fabulous keyboard intro on &quot;Firth of Fifth&quot; which then plunges into powerful lyrics by Gabriel. Dreamy. Note also the keyboard climax in &quot;The Cinema Show&quot; before the wind down to the close of the album. Sit back and enjoy.....
B000021YQV|1.0|This is bad. Not even music. All it is, is a bunch of guys yelling at the top of their lungs talking about sniffing drugs and about killing people. I was open enough to listen to this whole CD. Not for me.
0671015206|3.0|A biased book on millionaires.  Points that were applicable to many people were stressed, e.g., _EVERYONE_ can be a millionaire if they saved.  Not very objective.  Felt like a self-help book marketed in order to sell more copies.  For instance, some facts were skewed (&quot;not a lot of millionaires buy expensive cars&quot; exclaims the auther, however, if ~30% of millions own 40K+ cars, I would consider that a fair amount). <br />Religion maybe the panacea for the masses, this book wants to be the panacea for the masses' fiancial problems.  For a different perspective on millionaires, read &quot;Rich dad poor dad.&quot; <br />Which book is right?  I don't know, but if millionaires live like middle-income people, I'd rather be just middle-income :-)
B000003TA4|5.0|Nirvana is the band that started it all.  The new punkrock / heavymetal era.  They may have been possibly the best band ever!  And this is the CD of all of their BEST songs!  As soon as I got this CD, I couldn't stop listening to it.  I'm listening to it right now!!  If you like ANY of now adays punkrock / alternative music, BUY THIS NOW!!
0375703764|3.0|I read all the reviews, the good, the bad, and I have to say that I am completely mixed on this one. Johny Traunt can sometimes be just annoying. Sometimes you feel like the book is just about to take off, its starting to get some what spooky, and then in the darkest, coldest corner of the house, bam! Nothing, oh wait, something, JT's sexual enconters, that reads much like a porno. If the book was say, a sex addicts diary, it would be really good. \\"House of Leaves\\" starts off really well, or at least what I can remember of it. It seems like ages ago when I started it. I guess, in a way, it kind of makes sense, because it was only two weeks ago when I started reading this. There were way too many pages of technical mumbo jumbo that made me lose interest several times. The type []tting was pretty cool, waste of paper, but nonetheless very cool. Although I didn't think that it added that much drama to the scenes. Once inside the house I did feel very mezmerized, if you have a good imagination this book can be very chilling at some points. I guess, much like the house itself, you get what you give. If you are going to read this make sure you have plenty of free time on your hands, and of course, a he[ck] of a lot of patience.
B00003CXXS|4.0|Wow!  Non Stop action!  Great stunts!  Breathtaking special effects!  I heard that the director was changing the story around as they were filming it which, I would normally HATE, but this turned out very pleasing.  Usually sequels and MOST of the time, prequels, [stink] very bad.  But this is wonderful!  It's about these two people, this kid and this other guy, who are parasailing over the remains of Jurassic Park.  But then their crewmembers suddenly disappear which sends the two people flying toward the island.  With them missing, the boys parents decide to begin a search on the island to find them.  In their search  they recover Palentologist Dr. Grant (Sam Neil) and start their journey.  Pretty short, but worth the time.  This movie is a lot more bloody than the other two combined- COOL!  Also stars: William H. Macy, Tea Leoni, and some other people I don't know.  SEE IT!
0375703764|3.0|I read all the reviews, the good, the bad, and I have to say that I am completely mixed on this one. Johny Traunt can sometimes be just annoying. Sometimes you feel like the book is just about to take off, its starting to get some what spooky, and then in the darkest, coldest corner of the house, bam! Nothing, oh wait, something, JT's sexual enconters, that reads much like a porno. If the book was say, a sex addicts diary, it would be really good. &quot;House of Leaves&quot; starts off really well, or at least what I can remember of it. It seems like ages ago when I started it. I guess, in a way, it kind of makes sense, because it was only two weeks ago when I started reading this. There were way too many pages of technical mumbo jumbo that made me lose interest several times. The type []tting was pretty cool, waste of paper, but nonetheless very cool. Although I didn't think that it added that much drama to the scenes. Once inside the house I did feel very mezmerized, if you have a good imagination this book can be very chilling at some points. I guess, much like the house itself, you get what you give. If you are going to read this make sure you have plenty of free time on your hands, and of course, a hell of a lot of patience.
1573227978|4.0|I read this book last year and although it's been a while I can't stop telling people how wonderful it is! What kept me enthusiastic about the book was his totally original and absorbing writing style - he was honest and unpretentious (some authors aren't), amusing and at the same time moralistic(?), and I could practically see Leo Di Caprio in it but when I saw the previews I was devastated for Alex G! What on earth did they do to the story and characters?!!! I think it was an excellent book because of the way he wrote it (his language, style and air) and the storyline itself was not the highlight of the book. Would you believe it, after reading it I felt like if I met A.G I would have so much to talk about with him!!! I also think he was very psychologically accurate with the characters considering their circumstances - quite amazing.
B00004U3UG|5.0|Save yourself the extra expense. The director's cut is not only not worth it, it blows. Get the original.
059035342X|5.0|Excellent story. Will be enjoyed by young and old alike.
0871137380|5.0|This is an exciting tale of heroism, a day of infamy that is known as the Battle of the Black Sea. This is also a tale of horror and the disgraceful foreign policy that allowed 99 American soldiers to drop down in Somalia only to withdraw after more than seventy soldiers were injured and eighteen died. Mark Bowden does an excellent job of describing the nuances of war, the soldiers humor to disguise fright, the mens committment to each other, loyality in the face of death and the supreme sacrifice for one's country. The story moves along quickly yet slowly, a battle that lasted slightly more than a day  seems like forever in this glimse into hell. It is a story of patiotism where men trust the decisions made by the policy makers and those that have led them into battle. America's finest went in to capture two lieutenants of a warlord with all the weaponry and the Somalias fought back and made the United States pay a dear price. It is a grissly tale of entrails and body parts destroyed and salvaged, strewn about the streets of Mogadishu amidst the tattered lives that would be changed forever on a fatefull couple of days in October 1993. No one is spared in war, men and women, children and animals are all part of the legacy left behind in the wasteland, some maimed so badly they might be better off dead. There were no winners only losers. There were only winners no losers. Read the book and you be the judge. I read this book after the tragic events of 9/11 becuase I knew the US would have to eventually use similar tactics in persuit of the terrorists. After the bombing has done it's damage the Delta Force and Rangers will lead the way as they did Somalia on special operations. I hope the lessons were learned by the brass and the errors can be corrected as learned from the mistakes made in Mogadishu. This book is highly suggested reading material as a preview for our sending ground troops into Afghanistan. Let us not make the same mistakes.
068484267X|2.0|Angela's Ashes<BR>By Frank McCourt<br />       Angela's Ashes is a memoir about a young man growing up during the great depression.  In the beginning of this book the characters are frequently changing in every way imaginable.  Death and relocation are unavoidable consequences that cause this to happen.  <BR>       The main character, Frank, is an extremely dynamic person.  He starts out mild and meek but as the book progresses he becomes a more independent person.  He begins to do more things as a child, than most people ever do as adults.  As he grows and develops his independent he becomes a leader to his siblings.  He felt he no choice but to take on this role.<BR>      We have not read a book with as much deep and profound meaning as this in a long time.  The detail that the author goes into is incredible in some areas.  The way that he is able to make you feel what is going on is inexplicable.  He does this even without using useless words, which bore the reader.  <BR>      The overall plot of the book is lacking in our opinion.  Frank grows up and life sucks, that basically sums up the book.  One of Frank McCourt's writing traits, which we don't like, is how he starts something and then, just like that, he will end it.  We might have been a little more interested and focused on the book if he would have elaborated on a few more of his memories.  <BR>      As a suggestion, from a group of students whom have read Angela's Ashes, do not read this book unless you feel like you can understand what is happening when you receive very little information.  The book has its moments, just like every other book, yet there are more bad moments than good.  We would not specifically suggest that you don't read this book; rather we suggest that you look for another memoir that would fit with your personal interests.
B00000DFSK|5.0|I first listened to this cd at a summer camp.  I had heard some of U2's later music, but I had no idea they had recorded so many great songs in the 80's.  All of the guys I was with practicallly worshipped the album, they had it on all the time.  Pride and Sunday Bloody Sunday just blew me away when i heard them for the first time. I cannot stress the impact this album will have on anyone who buys it.  It has all the great songs by one of the best bands ever.
B00003CX5P|4.0|Picture and sounds quality are superb, both tranistions between menu screens and the layer change are the fastest ever on my player. It was nice to actually be able to read the credits this time, which were blurred beyond comprehension on the widescreen VHS. If you have a home theater, be sure to access the THX Optimode feature in the Languages/Subtitles screen to make your video and audio as clear as you can.<br />However, like others I fully expect this release to be the first of many DVD releases of Phantom Menace. My only wish is that this one had a 'Phantom Edit' option to minimize Jar Jar's screentime.<br />One other thing: the probe droid sequence on Disc Two should never have been cut out. Yes, we saw the droid fly by as Qui Gon was talking to Watto after the race, so we know they'd been found, but this sequence made that work better, and explained why in the next shot Anakin was tired like he'd been running the whole way. It was also nice to see him say goodbye to Jira.
B00003CXCQ|5.0|Snow White was the first American full-length animated feature.  Many consider it Walt Disney's masterpiece.  As it was being made from at least 1934 through 1937 many industry movers and shakers thought Wal t Disney had lost his mind, spending so much time, energy and effort on producing something as utterly ridiculous as a feature length cartoon feature.  Disney was crazy as a fox.  He established the foundation of the Disney formula and established his studio as the one to reckon with when it came to animated features.<br />Keeping things simple and glossing over the most gruesome aspects of the Brothers Grimm classic fairy tale, Walt Disney and company created a squeaky clean protagonist, a hiss-able antagonist and several love-able and humorous characters with names that are still the subject of formal and informal trivia contests around the world.  The film offers several memorable and now classic sequences such as when Snow White flees into the forest or  the Queen transformation scenes.  There are also those memorable songs: \\"Heigh Ho\\", \\"Whistle While You Work\\" and the operetta styled \\"Some Day My Prince Will Come\\".<br />Technically Snow White represented a huge achievement for Walt Disney in several ways.  The detailed character animation complete with very good lip synching, and beautifully drawn background settings including shadows and water reflections were the finest American audiences had ever seen on the screen.<br />Regardless of whether this is your all-time favorite Disney feature or not--the DVD is nothing short of a stunning package that should be considered by anyone and everyone who has any interest in this film whatsoever.<br />The quality of the image and sound is superb.  There's some artifacting present in the very beginning of the film (during it's story-book opening) but then finding any flaws in the presentation becomes quite a challenge.  A few sequences are a bit too dark perhaps.  The best quality prints were obtained, assembled and then given a full spare no expense clean up before being almost flawlessly digitally transferred to disc.  The sound was reproduced and then digitally enhanced and re-mixed.  It is remarkable what has been done with what was one a mono audio track and now takes full advantage of  the capabilities of a multi-speaker home theater system.  Much of the original audio track was recorded in 1935 !  And sure you can hear some crackles and hisses and pops, but the clarity and fullness that has been achieved will knock your socks off.<br />The supplemental material presented on this 2 DVD set is everything you could have ever hoped for.  From a lengthy newly created making of documentary hosted by Angela Landsbury  to some truly stunning archival footage that includes deleted scenes, incomplete and abandoned sequences and more.  Publicity material, footage from the premiere, and even a silly DVD game is included in the package.<br />You also get, now get this, what amounts to audio commentary from Walt Disney himself integrated into the feature length commentary of the film.<br />Is it really worth buying this DVD?  If you have any interest in the film at all, this is a DVD that you must have in your collection.  Disney is hyping this one pretty heavily and declaring it the finest DVD ever produced.  They are probably absolutely correct.  This DVD package has so much packed it into, you might say that even the bells and whistles have bells and whistles.  Not all the supplemental material is priceless or essential to be sure, but a lot of it is and the additional stuff isn't here at the expense of including something else.  They have opened up the archives, dug deep into the vaults and created a package to satisfy the most insatiable Snow White buff amongst us.  You better believe there's a little to much of the sugar-coated Disney Studios as the KING OF THE ANIMATION WORLD type stuff--but you've been living in a cave for the last 20 years if you didn't expect it.<br /><br />Bottom line: Technically this DVD is a beauty and there are hours of supplemental material to please film, animation, and Disney buffs.  Some of the supplemental material will also drive animation afficianados crazy--but you already knew it would.<br />Christopher Jarmick,is the author of The Glass Cocoon with Serena F. Holder a critically acclaimed, steamy suspense thriller..   <BR> <BR>Bottom line: Technically this DVD is a beauty and there are hours of supplemental material to please film, animation, and Disney buffs.  Some of the supplemental material will also drive animation afficianados crazy--but you already knew it would.<br />Christopher Jarmick,is the author of The Glass Cocoon with Serena F. Holder a critically acclaimed, steamy suspense thriller.
0060278234|5.0|First the fantastic Sabriel and then Lirael. It was pretty lucky of me to read Sabriel and then have Lirael come out a month later becasue I could not have waited five years. If it is an original book you are looking for than try Garth Nix. Now we just have to wait for Abhorsen...
0446310786|5.0|Two motherless children try to understand life in their small southern town during the depression.  A thoroughly engaging and moving reading experience, TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD is one of my all-time favourite books.  Those kids (Jem and Scout Finch) are so funny and you just know that the town of Maycomb HAD to be modeled on a real town (it was - Monroeville, Alabama - where author Harper (Nelle) Lee grew up). A story about growing up and the social conscience which binds us all, this book takes place in the depressed year of 1932. The children's father, Atticus Finch,is a man who's morals and conscience remind one of Abraham Lincoln!  The book is written from the point of view of Jean Louise (&quot;Scout&quot;) Finch, a six-year-old tomboy who wears dungarees: she would rather roll in old tires and climb trees with her brother Jem and their friend Dill - he was based on Lee's childhood friend Truman Capote -  than do &quot;girl things&quot;.  There are characters in the book which weren't included in the excellent 1962 film, such as the matronly scold Aunt Alexandra and Zeebo, Calpurnia's (the much-loved black housekeeper) son.  Miss Dubose is a crotchety caution who's addicted to morphine (she falls asleep at the same time everyday while Jem reads to her - as punishment for destroying her garden). Miss Maudie and Stephanie Crawford are amusing characters.  I love the part when Ms. Crawford claimed that Boo Radley was gazing at her from outside her bedroom window  - Miss Maudie curtly replied thusly:   &quot;Well, what did you do, Stephanie? - move over and make room for him?&quot; That shut her up. The comical moments are amusingly life-like and therefore easy to relate to.  The surprisingly powerful and emotional revelation towards the end of the novel is something which one can only  experience by reading literature of the top rank; this Pulizer Prize - winning novel has won the hearts of millions and will undoubtedly enlighten generations to come!
B00005Q45W|5.0|My words are not adequate enough to describe the metaphor-rich poesy and beauty of Leonard's Cohen new record. His deep, slightly rough voice matches wonderfully with the background voice of Sharon Robinson. The songs are full of seemingly obscure truths and wisdom. To make sense out of it requires a great deal of interpretation, though this goes fully with the tradition of Cohen's artistic style. Repeated listening of his songs will only enhance the acoustic pleasure. Filled with melancholy and depressed optimism songs like \\"A Thousand Kisses Deep\\" and \\"Land of Plenty\\" stand out for me.
B00003W8NM|5.0|This may have been one of the best movies ive ever seen in the aspects of what this movie is doing.  I mean this movie is not in the same genre of greats such as the Godfather, Star Wars and things such as that.  But in the movie genre that this film was set in,  it was a very thought out movie.  The plot was very good with a lot of detail and build up.  The acting was phenomenal.  Brad Pitt's character was a very conplex yet abnoxious and driving character, then with Edward Norton, his character was very tentative and oblivious to everything.  Brad Pitt portrayed the exact opposite of what Edward Norton's character was.  This movie is definitely not for the people who want just the general shoot em up and love stuff.  This is a a thinker movie.  I dont care who you are,  if anybody says they knew the end was coming the first time they saw it, they are full of ....
0451160916|5.0|The fact that Stephen King wrote this book is probably enough to turn some people off, especially if they have seen the movie starring Jack Nicholson and Shelley Duvall.  Please, I beg you, read this book!  Unlike many of King's other books, which seem to be drenched in gore, this book is more of a psychological drama about a father and son than your standard horror novel.  The love between Danny Torrance and his father, Jack, is the background of this book which takes place in the infamous Overlook Hotel.  Jack's father, who has been dead for some years before the novel takes place, is another vital character.  Even if you don't normally like Stephen King's books, try this one on for size.  I think you'll like it.
0767821769|2.0|This is a terrible movie.  Not only is the acting quite pathetic, but the entire plot is dull and predictable.  This kind of movie has been done a thousaund times, and there are far better versions out there.  I felt sorry for those poor kids that had to play in this movie, so I gave it 2 stars.
0064407667|2.0|So, I decided not to buy this for my classroom. The horrible and awful things that happen in the story are genuinely awful (sexual and physical abuse, for example) and are never resolved or portrayed as as bad as they are. If the reader were from a background where these things had never happened to them the book could be read from a position of privelege and ignorance and could be enjoyed more than if read by a survivor who might just sit there struck by the protagonists' inaction. So, it was kind of fun, but I had this constant feeling as I was reading it that these kids should have gone out and done something about what was happening to them. This is not a book I would want to put in the hands of my students.
B00003CWTI|5.0|Magnolia is simply one of the best dramas ever made. Magnolia is that good, because it is however you interpret it. There are hundreds of ways to interpret this movie. Most people don't like this movie, since they become frustrated trying to figure it out. My take on this movie is that all of the people were not good, so god sent out signs in numbers to them, trying to get them to collect themselves and carry on. These signs were the numbers 8 and 2, which appear many times in the movie. These signs show that Exodus 8:2 is coming, but the people are too ignorant to realize this. Also, if you look closely on the cover, you will see millions of frogs in the center of the magnolia flower, showing that all the stories (petals) linked up through it. See this movie.
0618077367|5.0|This book is one of the most magical children's books I have ever come across! As soon as you open the front cover, you enter an exquisite world that has an almost dream-like quality to it.  It is told in the first person point of view of an adult recounting his most memorable Christmas experience. And what an experience! The boy in the story is awakened one Christmas Eve by a train whistle and discovers the Polar Express waiting to take him to the North Pole to see Santa.  Once there, the boy is chosen to receive the first gift of Christmas.  The boy has a touchingly simple request --to have one of the bells from the harness of Santa's reindeer. It is given to him, and he is filled with joy!  Yet, on the way home, the boy discovers that there is a hole in the pocket of his bathrobe, and he has lost the treasured bell.He is heart broken. The next morning he finds the bell in a box under the tree, and he rejoices in the new-found bell and its marvelous sound! The catch?  Only those who truly believe in the magic of Santa can hear the sound of the bell.<br />  I read this story every year to my children, and every year there is absolute silence as they listen, entranced, to this deceptively simple story.  Afterward, they always beg to hear it again and again!  They are fascinated by the beautiful illustrations and the language of this very moving story.  I have a CD with my version and Liam Neeson does a beautiful job of reading the book, along with superb background sounds and effects that will make you feel as if you had taken the journey yourself. You will not for a minute regret buying this book--I guarantee it will become a treasured favorite with your children!As an adult it will fill you with a wistful yearning to go back to your childhood and experience once again the magic of being a child.
0451169514|5.0|This is one of my all time favourite books and I've read it so many times I've lost count. King has written an amazing book, not just about the monster that lurks in the sewers, but of friendship and enduring hardship together as a team. The characters in this book are excellently constructed and the world around them, insurpassable.  This will move any reader at heart and wish for a friendship as secure and unbreakable as these seven kids had, and will weep when they see the courage and determination they have.  A definite must read, but be warned, you will be moved by it.
0061053430|5.0|With Aliens being my all-time favourite movie I am really way too biased to review this book. Nevertheless, I'll give it a shot.<BR>It presents you with some cool information about the veaponry of the colonial marines, although this is entirely made up by the author. Still, pretty neat.<BR>I give this book four stars for quality and coolness and the fifth star is for being relatively cheap.<BR>A word of caution, if you're not enthusiastic about the movie Aliens (the 2nd of the present four in the series), this may not be a book for you...
B00003CXRM|5.0|&quot;O Brother, Where Art Thou?&quot; is the best movie I have seen in a very long time (especially good if you're familiar with &quot;The Odyssey.&quot;)  Without getting into too much amateur-film-critic-pretentious-verbosity, this movie was surely a magical trip for the senses, and somehow married depression-era settings and mythological themes seamlessly.  The especially haunting scenes were, to the logical mind, quite out of place, but emotionally captured and entranced me, if you can dig that.<br />All in all, no matter what level you love movies on, you should be able to enjoy this.  The story, performances, direction, and especially the soundtrack, are absolutely outstanding and I found myself smiling with goosebumps many times throughout this film!
B00003CWL6|1.0|Movies like this one just illustrate how far down we've slipped since the days of Orson Welles and Alfred Hitchcock, from &quot;To Kill A Mockingbird&quot; and &quot;Vertigo&quot; to ...the idiotic remake of &quot;Psycho&quot; and movies like &quot;American Beauty.&quot;     <br />I defy anyone to find a COHERENT message in this movie, or even some sort of intelligent point.  All I saw was nihilism (which itself is often mistaken for &quot;art&quot;) and sensationalism.  Of course most people seem to eat that stuff up, though.  I've sat next to people who giggled at the masturbation scenes, and at Bening during her sex scene, and I thought, &quot;Am I missing something?  Is THIS what warrants an academy award these days?&quot;  <br />You've got your obligatory good-looking white goth kids, with parents who don't understand them (how original!)...<br />You've got a VERY stereotyped, ridiculously far fetched sub-plot about a &quot;homophope,&quot; who tries to get with the same man whom he thinks is having sex with his son...(sounds like a bad HBO mini series)<br />And then there are the characters, none of which draw any sort of sympathy whatsoever.  How does the father liberate himself from his depression?  By lusting after one teenager, getting high with another, and neglecting his family.  How does the wife liberate herself?  By having an affair.  And the kids?  They talk about murdering their parents.  There are no sophisticated or interesting relationships between characters here...just BAD ones.  All are infantile and selfish.  The point being...?<br />And music?  I love The Who, but apparently you don't have to compose new music for films anymore...<br />This is an MTV generation movie.  It panders to the lowest common denominator with ridiculous sex (like &quot;American Pie&quot; or &quot;Something About Mary&quot;) and &quot;shocking&quot; violence, ala &quot;Boogie Nights.&quot;  Ho-hum.  Then it slips in some &quot;arty&quot; moments with the rose petals and the plastic bag.  But it never asks you to THINK, or to put together information in an intelligent way.  It insults the intelligence of the viewer, and the worst thing is that MOST PEOPLE DON'T EVEN NOTICE.
0345413377|1.0|While we totally enjoyed Philip Pullman's first two novels of His Dark Materials, we can't help but think that he was setting us up for a fall, in more ways than one, with the third.  While I read the favorable reviews that children wrote for this book, I can't help but think that they who wrote them have had little or no religious instruction in their lives, and they certainly don't believe in God.  Pullman is only reinforcing these views in \\"The Amber Spyglass\\".  Besides his obvious disdain for religious authority, he goes too far by exclaiming, in several places in the novel, that God is dead or never existed in the first place.<br />  Beyond his attempt to pull us into his anti-religious views, his novel begins well and ends with a resounding \\"THUD\\".  Where is the climax, the great battle that we are lead to believe will take place?  There is a short tussle between the two leading adults, Mrs. Coulter and Lord Asriel, and the powerful angel, Metatron, that seems like more of a cat fight than a battle. Unfortunately, we hear only secondhand how it all ends.<br />  What a disappointing novel in so many ways!  My children and I were left with only compassion for the author's personal life, but certainly not for his characters.  I only hope Mr. Pullman can find redemption on a personal basis, as his novel definitely is beyond help.
B00005B36H|5.0|I love Tool and bought this when it just came out. Right now I am pressed for time so in short I LOVE THIS C.D. this gets da seal.<br />-FM
0930289234|5.0|I can't say this is my favorite comic book, because it is just my favorite book.  I was never really IN to comic books.  One day in English class my teacher recommended I read this book called The Watchmen.  Reluctant at first, I was hooked by the third page.  Not hyperbole.  This is the most deep and touching book I have ever read, and I cried when I was reading the last few pages.  I never cry.  This book will forever touch me, and it must be reread before you can even comprehend the true beauty of the book.  This book contains brilliant messages about war, peace, morals, justice, love, life, and the growth and changing of the human soul that I will carry with me till the day I die and beyond.  This book should be considered mandatory reading for anyone who wants to call themselves a person.<br />The story of the book is about a cold war based world in which superheroes really exist, but instead of making them stereotypical truth, justice, and the American way heroes who go around solving all the worlds problems, they are often right wing, often insane, often extremist, often homosexual radicals who aren't 2-dimensional &quot;Supermans&quot;.  This book takes a realistic look at their actual personalities.  This book also takes a realistic look at what the world around them would be.  Who would have won Vietnam if the US had a nearly omnipotent superpowered being on its side?  What if someone with super human intellect brought amazingly advanced technology to the world?  The story focuses on the conflicts of characters and the paths they take to reach justice stemming from the death of one of their own.  Another thing in this book, superheroes actually die, and it's not just a little publicity exercise, and they don't just come back in the next issue.  Whether you like comics or not, read The Watchmen.  And read it again.  You will be changed.
B00005QIPH|5.0|Flipping through the channels once, I saw the last half of a Strokes music video. That sparked my curiosity, so I downloaded a bunch of songs. They were astoundingly brilliant, so I bought the CD.<br />Very rarely do you hear flat-out rock and roll. With &quot;Barely Legal&quot;, &quot;The Modern Age&quot;, and &quot;Hard to Explain&quot; The Strokes provide a breath of fresh air, countering all of these rap/rock hybrids. They play their songs with passion, but they sound like they don't care if you like them or not.<br />I read that someone was complaining about Julian Casablancas' voice. To me, it sounds like he was singing into a megaphone, and then into a microphone. It adds to the grungy sound of the band that make them so lovable. Apparently this album had a lot of hype, but I wasn't aware of it. However, like the Dandy Warhols, these guys really like their 70's rock. I'm not complaining.<br />In short: All of the songs are great, but the aforementioned ones are gems. If you want to hear refreshing rock with an attitude, buy this album. It may not be ground-breaking, but it is undeniably catchy, clever, and fantastic.
6304806418|3.0|Madonna was excellent.  Even Antonio Bandaras was good.  But this version of Evita was so watered-down from the stage version, so many &quot;objectionable&quot; elements removed to please the Argentine authorities so they could get permission to film on location that it is a poor imitation of the original version.<br />The original stage version of Evita showed some things that were true about the former First Lady of Argentina.  She was power-hungry.  There is little evidence that Juan loved her in life as much as he loved her in death.  He never even visited her after she fell ill unless he wore a mask (although it was cancer and the mask was useless).<br />In the movie, whole sections of songs were altered or removed to &quot;soften&quot; Evita from the woman who stole a great deal of the wealth of Argentina and moved it to her own accounts.<br />The producers even changed the role of &quot;Che&quot; who was the character used for the Chorus.  Bandaras was not cast as a (fictional) Che, but rather as a nondescript Chorus.  Not nearly as much fun.
B000050HTO|5.0|If you are a die-hard Dylan fanatic, then you may want to skip this collection.  You would be better served with the &quot;Biograph&quot; box set for a fuller overview of Bob's career (and as a Dylanologist, you already know this).  But for the casual listener and Dylan virgin, this is the album to get.  Yes, there are several &quot;essential&quot; tracks missing.  But you cannot argue that the songs presented here are not milestones in Dylan's 40-year legacy.  You could replace a song here and there, but it wouldn't dampen the overall impact of the album.  And no other hits package has been as consistently listenable or as masterfully compiled as this one.  It hits most of the highlights and flows so seemlessly from beginning to end.  And the music itself is, of course, phenomenal.  A fantastic album!
B000002L9B|4.0|The reason why this was one of Prince's more underrated CDs is becasue (almost) everyone think 'Under the Cherry Moon' ... To me, it was alright. But never under estimate Parade because of that movie. This is a fun CD to listen to, not the best, but worth listening to. I like the catchy drums in 'Life would be so nice' and \\"Christopher Tracy's parade\\". I also liked Girl and Boys and I Wonder U. And I'll never forget about Mountain and Anotherloverholenyohead, my favorite two songs on the CD. Casual Prince fans should at least have this album, right?
0375703764|5.0|Being a fledgling writer myself, I have always tried to find just the right words to elicit just the right emotion.  Like I said, I think Mark Z. Danielewski became my mentor.  Never before have I read a book that so enthralled me.  Z (which is how he signs the book) has shown me methods I never dreamed of for creating emotion.  To be able to take an act that would in many instances have been boring (i.e. watching a home movie) and in one sentence (and not a long one at that.  Seven words, max) catapult you into almost unimaginable terror is something I endeavor to create in my own writing every day, an believe me, that is no easy task.  It's been said that every writer feels some anxiety about putting words on paper.  I wholeheartedly agree.  And that statement can only mean that Danielewski is one of the bravest writers on the planet.<br />The book is amazing, with two (though you might have a strong case for three) plots totally separated with respect to time, location, and mindset and yet so intricately woven that it seems the story would not be the same without both, though, inevitably, one feels the need to go back and read each plot separately.<br />Believe me.  It's worth the cost.  You'll read it three times and still want more, despite that fact that you know you'll be out of your mind with fear every time through.
B00005B36H|5.0|Lateralus is an outstanding album. I listin to this album all the time it's that good.  Tool gives so much in Lateralus, i mean bass, (most bands u can't even here the bass), lead guitar so many different sounds and riffs it's just awesome, drums - i would have to say the best drumming that i have heard in a long time, vocals - Maynard is just the best vocalist of all time and along with that his lyrics are inspirational.  The Album is like a movie in my head (they were talking about making a movie).  To me it seems like he is singing about a crisis....i could be wrong, but i think thats the message they put out, they want you to have your own experience to the music....(unlike most music today especially all this pop crap)... Buy this album the cover is cool to.
B00000634J|3.0|First of all, it must be said that John Lennon is a bonafide musical giant.  His work with the Beatles remains a cornerstone by which everything else in popular music should be judged.  But his solo career has recieved an overabundance of praise for what has amounted to a repeated mantra of &quot;Make Love, Not War&quot;.  This message would've been fine if it was restricted to a few classic songs such as &quot;Imagine&quot;.  But Lennon rewrote &quot;Give Peace a Chance&quot; several times hereafter in the forms of &quot;Happy X-Mas&quot;, &quot;Mind Games&quot;, &quot;Love&quot; and &quot;Power to the People&quot;.  Even &quot;Instant Karma!&quot;, one of his best solo songs, is a variation on this theme.  Stressing &quot;love and peace&quot; tenfold over five albums does not make for a riveting career (even Bob Dylan moved away from straight protest songs after two albums).  It doesn't help that Phil Spector's stark arrangements lack the subtle charms of George Martin's Beatles production.<br />Even when Lennon began to break out of his simpistic political agenda, he began recording very slick pop singles with only &quot;Watching the Wheels&quot; (a peak into Lennon's genius for introspective songwriting) holding its own with his finest songs.  The music on this collection isn't bad, it's merely misguided and highly overrated.  For people who want a better taste of Lennon's enormous talent, pick up a copy of any later-day Beatles album and simply listen.
B000002H38|5.0|I saw this in the library this past month (it was just standing out there) so I grabbed it. I was never a real Anita Baker fan in the first place but thought I'd give it try since she's gotten some great reviews here. This is an excellent CD. One of the best R&amp;B jazzy type of CDs you'll ever hear. This is smooth, no jagged edges at all. Anita has a rich, soothing voice and is never tacky. Most of these songs I've already heard before but it was nice to hear the other songs. My favorite songs are Sweet Love, Mystery, No One in the World, Watch Your Step and the title track. An album worth listening to.
6305137293|2.0|this was an okay follow up. the main promblem is the shape is not creepy enogh. john carpter has said that they only used a stunt man to play him in this instad of a real actor like in part one. overall it has some good parts.
0060900075|5.0|This book is superbly written. I was surprised at the amazing insughts of Huxley and the ways in which he was able to convey them to those of us not lucky enough to share in his experiences. It is understandable how this book inspired Jim Morrison. <BR>   This book is a must, not just for anyone wishing to know more about the mescaline experience, but also for anyone looking for a keen insight into the human mind. You won't be disappointed.
B00005LB9O|1.0|...real weak. Compared to their earlier work [and some of their peers], this album is: boring, uninspired, trite, and completely expressionless.  The entire album is devoid of any creativity and have none of the passion, feel, or hooks as The Man. <br />Take the worst tune from their 2 earlier albums, make it even more boring, then copy it 14 times, slap on a couple &quot;hidden&quot; tracks and you have the Invisible Band.<br />I strongly suggest not purchasing this album.
B00003CX5P|4.0|After watching this on VHS a year ago, I missed the whole movie.  The picture detail is so clear it's unreal.  the underwaterscene looks k=like a different movie.  And check the bit rate it averages 8.5.  Now I just bought 2 superbit movies and the bit rate is also in the 8 area.  The sound and seperation are great but still not DTS.  Cannot figure out why a picture and sound so good would leave off that option, as only 2% of people hae a certified THX sound system set up???  What Lucas reaaly need to do is FOLLOW HBO!!!  There is no way they can fill in the story and give enough time to Anakin changing to Darth, and Obie Won and all inbetween in just 2 2hour movies.  Also if this is the past, well it looks more technical to me than 70 yrs later when Luke is 18.  So they should make it like the Sopranos or 6 feet under with 10-14 1 hour episodes and sell it as a 4 disc set with a DTS option.  Someone please give this idea to Lucas.  What would you like a compressed 2 hour movie or a 13 hour 13 part miniseries like band of brothers?
6305531374|2.0|am i the only who who notdid think it was that great. it was boring an slow movie at parts and predictable. there were a few good things about it thou mainly jamie lee curits returning and a pre peral harbor josh harnett. it also had refence to the orignal which was good. the biggest loose was that of donland plesance who played dr. loomis. he brought the series part of its life unfortualy he died a few years before this was made. too bad he would have brought the movie up a star.
B00004KD1A|5.0|I have been playing this CD over and over since buying it.  It is great!  If you like gut-wrenching guitar playing without all the studio smoothness of the polished establishment bands then this CD is for you.  I once watched this guy perform from 8 PM until 4 AM straight at the Brewery in East Lansing, MI, with the same intensity that he showed there is on this CD.
B00003CX5P|5.0|For those who have never seen the film - I really don't understand where the naysayers are coming from.  I went to see the move in the theaters one hung over Sunday morning at 10:30, and George Lucas made me feel like a kid all over again.  The last time I got excited like that was after standing line with my father for an ETERNITY to get tickets to see Return of the Jedi.  Not the re-releases, mind you.  I'm talking 1983.  <br />For those who already own the VHS and wonder if the DVD is worth picking up - ABSOLUTELY.  The visuals this DVD produces are just astounding.  It is the cleanest, prettiest transfer I have seen.  Sound?  I don't have DTS, so I don't know what I'm missing with that.  What I do know is that it is the best Dolby Digital 5.1 sound I have ever heard.  The Podrace and my sub get along great, and yours will too...<br />The disc of extras is great, with \\"the making of\\" being my favorite extra.  To see what they were shooting with an actual camera, and how it ended up in the end is remarkable.  The deleted scenes are also interesting, and they refer to something I wish had been on this release.  They say the Podrace was originally 25 minutes long!  I wish they would have put that together and had it to view in all its glory on the Special Features disc.  Oh well, like Lucas is only going to release this once...and this is going to be the only version...right?<br />Anyway, I wholly recommend this set.  It's a showpiece for your home theater system, it's loaded with extra features, and (most importantly) the movie is a lot of fun.  <br />Enjoy!
B00003CXCQ|5.0|This DVD is loaded with gobs and gobs of great stuff.  I am a professional animator, and this unexpectedly large collection of reference footage, preliminary drawings, and historical publicity wore me out!<br />This DVD is very deep and should satisfy the most ardent fans.  I've been a student of Disney Animation all my life and I'd say about 30% of the material was completely new to me.<br />And on top of all that there are great documentaries and nice animated 3D interface transitions.  As with the special editions of Tarzan, Emperor's New Groove, Fantasia Anthology, Toy Story Ultimate Toy Box, and the Bug's Life &quot;Super Genius Edition&quot;, Disney has again proved that they can build a great DVD.
B000002AGN|5.0|While it's true that I cannot add any more superlatives to what has already been written about this disc I still felt the need to add my two cents. After a lengthy absence I recently put the cd back on my &quot;turntable&quot; and immediately was reminded why I love this record so much. <br />The record truly does demand a listener's full attention since Brubeck's quartet rarely plays anything as simple as 4/4 time. And while the title track has perhaps been over- analyzed, at the expense of the rest of the cd, I still listen in complete awe. And bear in mind that &quot;Take 5&quot; is the first actual song to be &quot;spliced&quot; together from two seperate sessions.A neat &quot;trick&quot; that Brubeck believed, and I quote &quot; really saved my ( fill in the blank!)&quot; And, lest they be completely forgotten, &quot;Kathy's Waltz&quot; and &quot;Blue Rondo a la Turk&quot; are still perhaps two of the most impressive pieces ever written for jazz piano. All in all a cd that asks you to listen with your mind as well as your heart... and who could ask for more than that when purchasing any piece of music! <br />I often tell friends, who don't consider themselves jazz lovers, to purchase this and Miles Davis &quot;Kind of Blue&quot;. Jazz has always been considered a truly American style of music and what better representation of that then these two discs! So when you find yourself at your local record store next time take a chance and purchase this wonderful disc.The epitome of &quot;cool jazz.&quot; If you find it half as stimulating as I always do than you'll be in good company.
B00004RJ74|4.0|This movie starts out as an outlaw type movie with two guys on the run. It definitely has the feel of Pulp Fiction in certain scenes early on in the movie. George Clooney and Quentin Tarantino are that their best in this movie. The story is excellent and moves along at a good pace. There are plenty of sub plots and decent character development. Things really pickup and take a different turn at the bar in Mexico. The movie then switches to horror mode. There is plenty of dark humor throughout this movie and it is very original. The acting is superb from the entire cast and the movie is very enjoyable to watch. This movie is not for children or the faint of heart since there is plenty of violence and gore. This is definitely George Clooney's best piece of work other than O'Brother Where Art Thou. As for Quentin Tarantino this is his best work other than Pulp Fiction. The 5.1 Dolby audio track is spacious and the rear channels as well as the sub woofer are utilized frequently throughout the movie. The Non-Anamorphic widescreen transfer is above average with only slight color bleeding and only in the darkest scenes. There are plenty of extras with this version. The second disk contains the documentary Full Tilt Boogie. It is approximately 90 minutes long and very interesting. It presents the making of the movie from various aspects such as Assistant Director, Grips, and even the food service crew.
B00004S8Q9|5.0|It's really too bad Ray is gone, because this band just got better and better with time.  This is one of the best CD's in my entire collection, and I expect it to be a favorite for a long time.  These guys were the ultimate combination of blues and rock, in my opinion.  I noticed a lot of bitterness in some of the lyrics, and can't help wondering if Ray already knew he was going to die when some of this was written.  (I'm not sure of the timing)  That's the only downside.  Jake's guitars are flawless, and Greg is one of the boldest bass players I have ever heard (except for maybe Eddie Jackson).  Jeff isn't the best drummer I've ever heard, but his drumming really suits this band.  Again, this one is just great.
059035342X|5.0|Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is an amazing story of Harry learning of his wizarding skills and starting at the gigantic castle school, Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry where he meets many friends and rivals. At Hogwarts he also finds out many secrets about his past that you'll never believe. I really liked when Harry began at Hogwarts and learned to play Quidditch and how to fly on a broomstick, the way he felt when he first to flight, I think I'd feel the same way and love to be able to fly on a broomstick and feel like its the best thing to do other than anything else in the world.
0152023984|5.0|It doesn't matter how old you are now.<BR>Read this, keep it and read again.<BR>Every time you read, you'll find something you didn't realize before.
014028009X|5.0|I loved this book so very much. The author is a real talent. It inspires me to purchase a diary book and began to write it daily. I like the book the way that it features an ordinary woman who is not a novel-like perfect. She expresses her thoughts and feelings in the diary. The author has sense  of humor too. I like the way Bridget counts units of alcohol consumption, calories and how many times she dials 1471. I read this book in both English and Thai versions. I highly recommend this book to everyone especially those who love to write diary. I bet you will read it more than one time.
B000021XS0|4.0|This has got to be my ultimate favorite concept album (even over Mindcrime, which is saying a lot).  I can't wait to hear the live version.  The only downside is that, even after however may years these guys have been playing together, each of them still overplays--especially Mike Portnoy.  Case in point:  my wife knows little about music, but I had this CD on in the car one time when we were out driving, and she says to me:  &quot;I think this drummer didn't get enough attention as a child.&quot;  Still, this is an AWESOME cd, and I would highly recommend it to anyone.
6303421563|5.0|This is quite simply one of the best movies I have ever seen.  That's not to say it's perfect, because it's actually full of flaws.  Most importantly though, that doesn't take away from its sheer spectacle.  A lot of critics have tended not to like this film for its exploitive and manipulative nature.  Of course, a 12 year-old girl parading around singing &quot;Like A Virgin&quot; is hihgly exploitive, but the story surrounding Leon's love for the young girl is mostly told sensitively.  The manipulative nature of the film attempts to make Leon seem like a &quot;good guy&quot;.  For instance, Leon can't possibly be bad if he watches musicals, drinks milk and has a plant for a best friend.  The fact that the first scenes show him brutally killing a group of gangsters detracts from this theory however.  Still, I haven't mentioned that this movie is funny and completely mesmerising, with some great acting all round - especially from Natalie Portman as the young girl.  Yes, it's highly violent, but the end is incredibly moving and you will probably find yourself crying.  Now there's not many 18-rated movies that can make you do that now are there?
0694003611|2.0|and neither does my 2-year-old daughter.  She enjoyed it for about a month, but once she memorized it, she started telling me &quot;no thanks&quot; when I brought it out at bedtime.  I received four copies of this book as gifts from friends who raved about it, but it's definitely not a favorite in our house.
6304057709|5.0|When I first attempted to read Jane Austen's book Sense and Sensiblity, I was sadly dissapointed.  I am an absolutely rabid fan of Jane's, but I found that this particular book was as unromantic as Emma, but without the wit.<br />Therefore, when my step-uncle suggested that we watch the movie, I was not particularly excited.  When I heard, however, that it featured Alan Rickman, I was mildly interested.  I had heard a lot about him in my previous life (&lt;: as a fan of J.K. Rowling's Professor Snape, and I wanted to see what kind of actor he was.<br />I was, as you may imagine, unprepared.<br />Before it was halfway through, I was blown away by not only Rickman's, but also Winslet's and Grant's superb performances.  Kudos also to Thompson for her screenplay, which was, to put it gently, a HUGE improvement over the original.<br />I think I speak for a great deal of female veiwers when I say that, not only is Rickman more attractive than Wise (who plays Winslet's character's other potential suitor), he is also an absolutely adorable character.  The way he reads that poetry... *sigh*<br />It is notable that, in the novel, Marianne (Winslet) was NOT carried back from Coombe Magna to the Palmer's estate by Col. Brandon (Rickman).  I think that the way it is portrayed in the movie shows considerable genius on the part of Emma Thompson, seeing as Brandon's rescuing her from Willoughby's (Wise) clutches paralells his physically rescuing her from Coombe Magna.<br />Ten stars....
B00003CXZ1|5.0|Lara Croft: Tomb Raider was a great movie. I was excited when I went to see it. Heck, when I first saw the trailer for it I almost inhaled my straw.<br />The story went well with the game, even though the relationship between her and her father was a little cheesy, and her fighting a whole society instead of one person and their henchmen was a little weird. But hey, whatever.<br />Now everyone that's complaining that she travels too much in the movie can explain Tomb Raider II to me right?<br />Even if Angelina had a padded bra, (which I doubt, I mean, haven't you guys seen her other movies??) she still knows how to look and act the part, so leave her alone.<br />Anyway, referring back to her travels in this awseome movie, she travels to: India, Cambodia, and Siberia, and all three of those locations also coencide with her exotic travel locations in the games too.<br />Oh yeah, and about that giant stone Brahman everybody's complaining about? Well, in Tomb Raider III: the adventures of Lara Croft, she had to battle many six-sword weilding stone Shivas, so, I don't want to hear about the movie not being like videogame. Ok?<br />Angelina also does the amazing hops, flips, and jumps that I thought only a certain videogame heroine could do.<br />Lara Croft: Tomb Raider has it all: action/adventure, comedy, romance, drama, and travel. Hey, after seeing this, I want to go to Cambodia. Why? I don't know.<br />But yeah, its a really cool movie, and you should go buy it.
630341964X|1.0|This movie was a total flop at the box office, losing millions, and deserved to. I saw it in the theater, and walked out in the middle it was so bad. It had no laughs, it was bland and dull, and Culkin gives the LAZIEST performance ever! He looks like he's ready for his nap in every scene. He's constantly blinking his eyes and never speaks above a monotone. His career died with this movie, and never recovered.
6305728437|5.0|I've seen this movie like a thousand times and still havent got tired of watching it.  It's really funny, sweet and sad and after you see it you will love it.
6305161879|5.0|A Fish Called Wanda may be crude, but it is really a romantic comedy in the old fashioned sense of the word. It contains all the neccesary romance elements: an unlikely couple (Cleese and Curtis); a love triangle (in this case a love hexagon); and just about the right amount of sentiment sprinkled in, But it also posseses a wicked sense of humour the perfectly balances and compliments the romance. In a way, something to please everyone.<BR> The old fashioned whimsy of the tale combined with a sense of the macabre is heightened by the presence of Charles Chichton, one time director of many of the similarily dark Ealing comedies who masterly handles this story of a jewell robbery aftermath, with all it's backstabbing and bed hopping. In fact, Wanda could very much be considered an eighties desendent of Ealing.<BR> The cast is sublime. Cleese gives his usual but still enigmatic stuffy British suit performance as barrister Archie Leach, brilliant in the early scenes where he is stuck in his stale upper class marriage with an uncaring wife and a spoilt daughter. As Leach, defending gangster George (Tom Georgeson) on robbery charges begins an affair with chief defence witness and George's girlfriend Wanda (A gorgeous Jamie Lee Curtis).<BR> Kevin Kline performs a comedy masterclass as the ignorant, philosophy reading, violent tempered Otto, Wanda's &quot;brother&quot;, and he seems to have a problem with any men that show his &quot;sister&quot; too much attention.<BR> But Kline is just pipped to show stealing honours by Michael Palin, as the stuttering, animal loving getaway driver Ken. He's George's best mate, and also fancies Wanda, but thinks Otto is gay... oh, and he has a fish that's also called Wanda, which Otto doesn't like. Confused? You won't be, as this near note-perfect comedy fits together piece by piece as all and sundry double cross each other, before reaching a happy climax.<BR> Delicious in every sense of the word.
B0000024TQ|5.0|Bookends is one of the greatest alums of all time, although it does not apper in any of the top lists and I feel it is unjustly reveared and underacknowledged. Bookends is a meditation on lifes loses and it does have a large helping of pathos within it that really adds to the enjoyment of it. Bookends is heatfelt, bittersweet, and if anything magical. Musically it is well written and well produced the lyrics are profound and sicere and rivaling even Dylan in content and shear atmosphere.(Old freinds sat on the park bench like bookends..)The album is quite short at just over 35 mins but the tracks flow and meander into each other like a beatles album and it truely is special.Give it a try!
B00004U45G|4.0|This is a rarity:  a combination of a great guitarist from the past with a great rock and roll band of the present.  In the 20+ years since the end of Led Zeppelin, Jimmy Page has (let's be honest) put out some real garbage, by himself and with others.  With the Black Crowes, the tide turns.  Fans of Led Zep who know every note of every Page solo will probably acknowledge that Jimmy's not what he once was, but what he still has left in him ain't too shabby.  Jimmy and the Crowes crank out 2 discs worth of great rock and blues renditions.  It was refreshing to hear some of the lesser known Zeppelin tunes and not an attempt to re-do &quot;Black Dog&quot; or &quot;Stairway to Heaven.&quot;  Though not as well known for the most part, these tunes still carry lots of punch.  Rock on, Jimmy.
B00005NI5Y|5.0|While everyone knows the near-perfection of Bob's poetry, many folks have insulted his voice.  On Love and Theft however, there is no doubt.  Bob can sing!  As a long time fan, I've always loved his voice.  It has always hearkened reality and truth.  People do not believe &quot;good&quot; singers as they believe Bob.  Do you believe Barbara Streisand?  Ever?  Age has weathered Bob's voice in such a way that one believes him even more now.  The small lilts and tilts on &quot;Mississippi,&quot; &quot;Po Boy&quot; and &quot;High Water&quot; give accent to not only the lyrics but the overall feeling of the pieces.  On blusier numbers such as &quot;Summer Days&quot; and &quot;Lonesome Day Blues&quot; the voice is cracking with enthusiasm and joy.  The musicianship of Bob's touring band is, as always, great...nice and tight.  It is the poet's vocal performance however that strikes me most.  Ignore popular opinion.  Listen hard!  &quot;What good are ya anyway if ya can't stand up to some old businessman?&quot;
B000002GJ7|5.0|I know that many of you will disagree that this is the best album of all time, but in my humble opinion, it is.  This album came out when I was a senior in high school and I instantly fell in love with it.  I had Extreme's first album and though that is a great album in it's own right, it couldn't prepare me for the exellence of this one.  Opening with &quot;Decadance&quot; and closing with &quot;Hole Hearted&quot; this is a complete album, start to finish.  The band is great as a whole and really hit their stride on this album.  We all know that Nuno is an unbelievable guitar player and that Gary has an incredible set of pipes.  The rhythm section of Extreme is often overlooked and they are amazing on this album.  Both Pat Badger and Paul Geary are incredible musicians with an incredible feel.  &quot;It's A Monstor&quot; contains an incredible riff that I just can't listen to sitting down.  &quot;A Song For Love&quot; gives me goose bumps, still to this day.  The way they stack their vocals is impressive, showing their Queen influence proudly.  This album has it all, from musicianship to vocals it covers all grounds.  The most important part of any album is, obviously, the songs.  This is the best collection of songs that I've heard from any one band in my 28 years of exisistence.  I know that's a big statement, but I can't help but to keep coming back to this brilliant album from such an underrated group.
B000007363|5.0|Apart from OK computer how do you better the Bends? Buy this and listen to &quot;Killer Cars&quot; and the beautiful &quot;How Can You Be Sure?&quot;.<BR>This extraordinary album is made fantastic by the additons. &quot;HCYBS?&quot; is like &quot;Fake Plastic Trees Part II&quot; and &quot;Killer Cars&quot; fits in snugly with &quot;The Bends&quot; and &quot;Planet Telex&quot;.<br />Still cant believe they were omitted from the final selection. The quality of both is there to hear and they are B SIDES!!!!
078062369X|1.0|This movie has it's moments, but not enough. Wesley Snipes is an actor of questionable acting skills. The character is someone you can't root for or even remotely like. This movie is way, way overrated. Stephen Dorff is a good actor, but he's an awful villain. Kris Kristofferson is a good guy too, but his character is as cliched as they come. Not a good movie at all.
B000002J7U|5.0|I have listened to Vangelis' work for over 25 years and it is a testament to his genius that he keeps on producing high quality music. I dismiss the Amazon reviewer's thoughts on this 1995 work... Swine and pearls come to mind. From what position of talent is he/she coming from? Has the reviewer ever heard &quot;L'Apocalypse&quot;? I doubt it. <br />The album is a formidable peice of electronic artistry. &quot;Ask the Mountains&quot;, &quot;Losing Sleep...&quot;, &quot;Come to Me&quot; and &quot;Messages&quot; are quite simply fantastic songs. This may be not another Blade Runner but it still another remarkable effort.Who would guess Paul Young on vocals for &quot;Losing Sleep&quot;!!<br />Vangelis is in a league of his own and Voices cements his reputation as the main man of electronic music.
B00003CXCQ|5.0|You know a DVD is truly loaded when there's a special feature just to give you a tour of the special features.  You could spend days with this DVD and still make only modest progess in seeing everything it has to offer.  And the movie itself never looked or sounded better.  It's amazing this thing only costs about twenty bucks.
B000002UJQ|5.0|There are landmark albums and there is OK Computer. I'm finding it increasingly difficult in not placing this work as the greatest album of all time. I know, I know that is extremely audacious particularly when we consider the competition. However it was always on the cards ever since they released &quot;The Bends&quot; which in itself runs a few great albums close.<br />The first six tracks are the most extraordinary peices of music I have ever heard. The jewel in the crown is the awesome &quot;Paranoid Android&quot; - has anyone heard anything like it ever?<br />The whole album (maybe except Electioneering)is a tour de force of exceptional standard. To have songs such as &quot;Airbag&quot;, &quot;Exit Music&quot;, &quot;Let Down&quot;,&quot;Karma Police&quot;,&quot;No Surprises&quot;,&quot;Lucky&quot; and &quot;The Tourist&quot; all on ONE album is unbelievable in itself.<br />I had thought Pink Floyd's &quot;Dark Side Of The Moon&quot; was the standard I set album standards by but &quot;OK Computer&quot; emphatically rebuffs such an opinion.    <br />The greatest album of all time? Its only been 4 years since it was released and here am I contemplating such a thought! The answer: YES
B00000JPYQ|5.0|This is one of the bands you should always have in your collection. the Kirk Hammett the glove Metallica loves every song put out by this band. You can see him in videos telling people how much influence this band had on him.  This album from start to finish completely rocks .  If you ever wanted a classic live album , this is that .  Do not miss out on getting a great live disk that you keep forever .
0064400557|5.0|After watching the &quot;Charlotte's Web&quot; movie I am glad I also read the book.  Some people have only seen the film, but have not read the story.  I suggest they do!<BR> <BR>&quot;Charlotte's Web&quot; is an easy read for most youngsters.  The chapters are short and will keep a child's attention.  I think kids will have fun watching the movie and also reading the book to see the similarities and differences.<BR> <BR>Books are a great gift for young readers, particularly when many kids have too much television in their lives.  Child readers usually do better in school and their adult lives.<BR> <BR>Most people have talents they don't know they have. My exposure to literature caused me to discover a talent in writing I didn't know I had.  My talent in writing for children gives me hours of fun and a great feeling of accomplishment.  Do you have a talent you don't know you have?  YOU probably do!<BR> <BR>As a children's book author, I highly recommend &quot;Charlotte's Web&quot; to kids and grown-ups.<BR> <BR>Richard W. Carlson Jr., author of &quot;Jeremy Grabowski's Crazy Summer in Stormville!&quot;
B000000WG3|4.0|This later period masterpiece from Gary Moore (ex-Thin Lizzy) is a must for any hard rock collection. I would also recommend Victims of the Future and Corridors of Power.
B00005OAIE|5.0|Okay, so the &quot;professional&quot; reviewer that gave such an unbelievably narrow review of this album - please read this.  Would you know good music if it came up and kicked you in the nuts?  My guess is, the next Britney Spears album will have you in tears and jumping for joy and I can't wait to see your take on her &quot;originality&quot; and &quot;growth into womanhood.&quot;  There isn't a person I have spoken to  that cannot relate to John Mayer's lyrics so I take your judgemental review of 'My Stupid Mouth' personally.  John Mayer is beyond talented, your only talent is the fact you can complete sentences.  So lay off those that have some originality in this world of pop/dance bands.
B00003CX5P|5.0|If you are a starwars fan you gotta get this one and add it to your collection .The video and audio from this dvd is awesome and if you want to test your system's limits get this one..
B00005LB9O|5.0|The Invisible Band is a great CD. While, every other band seems to be making music that is angry, Travis is busy trying to make people happy. After listening to this CD you can't help but be happy. The melodies and the lyrics are simple but beautiful. Standouts on this CD are Side, Flowers in the Window, and The Cage. Last Train is the only song that strays from the cheerful songs of Travis. I would like to see Travis explore moreof these types of songs in the future. The Invisible band is a great follow-up to The Man Who.
0790729644|5.0|Clint Eastwood's only Oscar is his greatest achievment since &quot;Dirty Harry&quot;.  this is perhaps the finest Western in cinema history - and it's not from the 60's.  released in 1992, it won 4 Academy Awards, including Best Picture, Director (Eastwood), Supporting Actor, and Film Editing.<BR>  Eastwood is William Munny, a retired gunfighter who accpets a job to kill two men who raped a prostitute.  Morgan Freeman is Ned Logan, his old partner who accompanies Munny and young killer Scofield Kid to the small town of Big Whiskey, where the targets are hiding.  <BR>  Richard Harris gives a small but memorable performance as a cocky, over-confident shooter who thinks he can out-fox the law.  but the best performance may be Gene Hackman, who portrays Little Bill, the town's corrupt sherrif who rules the area with an iron fist.  <BR>  Munny and friends do succeed in slaying the two rapiers, but not before Little Bill captures and kills Ned.  an outraged Munny and the Schofield Kid eventually pay Little Bill a visit.  the last sequence is bone-shattering.  <BR>  all the actors in here are good, but Hackman's Oscar-winning performace is believable and ice cold.  this is one movie that is destined to become a classic.
B00005NI5Y|5.0|Wow!  Wow!   Thanks Bob!
B00003CX5P|5.0|. This movie was only. O.k., I would have given it 3.5 stars if I could, the .5 for the 20 minute conclusion of action and excitement. That was sweet.<br />But really. Jar Jar was ridiculous. I'd take Chewie over that thing anyday. Jake Lloyd was almost as bad. My nephew could have been more believable.<br />It looks like the DVD has lots of features, and might be worth the money.The best real action is at streetbrawls.com .I bought the VHS format, and wasn't really going to buy the DVD until I saw how much more was offered on the DVD edition.<br />I'll buy the DVD, because, alas, I am a Star Wars fan. No thanks to Jar Jar
B000002IP1|5.0|I've been listening to Phil for years and I can't decide when he sounds better, by himself or with Mike and Tony (Genesis).  Just like Genesis, the music is crisp and clean, the lyrics beautiful.  Just like every Genesis album that has Phil as lead singer, I can listen to this album over and over again and never get tired of it.  It is simpy, in my opinion, his best.
0312979479|5.0|If you are part of the generation that has not thrilled to this classic piece of suspense writing, you are in for a treat. A number of people are invited for the weekend to a lone mansion on an island. When they arrive, their host, Mr. U. N. Owen, is not there, and they realize that his name means &quot;unknown.&quot; They try to leave, but there is no way off the island. Soon, they find to their horror that their host has filled the house with booby-traps that use a trait of each guest to kill him or her. As people die unexpectedly, suspense rises to a screaming level before the author hits you with a breathtaking finish. It may leave you limp at the end, but it's great fun.
0800141660|5.0|The greatest period piece Hollywood ever produced is too calm a description for this movie.  It captures all the subtlties of Jane Austen with great filmaking and beautiful acting.  Without stodgy actors or dark rooms like so many period pieces, it takes you into the world of Jane Austen's time and is so moving.  I love this movie.  Fans of Pride and Prejudice and other true Austen films and BBC miniseries should not be afraid of this movie, it will not let you down.
B00003CXCQ|5.0|Disney's DVD department has gotten the &quot;Platinum Edition&quot; program off to an excellent start.  Snow White has never looked as good as it does on this DVD edition - the film has been digitally enhanced from it's 1993 restoration.  Much like the Fantasia DVD - Walt Disney's own comments and interviews about the film have been edited into a feature length running commentary as an optional soundtrack to the film.  Additional features include sequences which were edited from the film, and documentaries.  The DVD is &quot;hosted&quot; by the magic mirror, and can walk even the most inexperienced DVD user through the features included.  This edition gives me high hopes for the additional Platinum titles which will come once a year.  Snow White goes on Moratorium in January 2002, after that it will not be available for ten years.
B00000G3AZ|3.0|I never would have watched a Jane Austen starring Gywneth Paltrow but I sat down to watch this because my mom had rented it.  It was surprisingly well done.  It is very true to the book and though not comparable to a BBC production in &quot;feeling&quot; like a Jane Austen and not a Hollywood production it was unexpectedly enjoyable.  Any Jane Austen fan should watch this one, at least once.
B00003CX5P|4.0|I for one think that Star Wars Episode I was a good film overall.  A lot of people were expecting the second coming when this film was being made, and when that impossibility didn't materialize, hated the film.  I think the film serves as a good introduction to the epic of Star Wars.  The acting can be uneven (but it was in the original film), and the story is a bit slow to move - but it sets the stage for the grander story very well.  The DVD edition is excellent - the commentary is interesting - and even the deleted scenes are presented in anamorphically enhanced widescreen.  Spread over 2 discs are enough features (documentaries, trailers, etc) to keep anyone busy for hours on end.  An excellent edition that sets the standard for future Star Wars episodes on DVD.
B00003CXAA|3.0|The box clearly states on both the front and back that it is a widescreen version. Each of the individual boxes mentions : widescreen. However none of the DVDs are widescreen! That was one of the things I looked forward to the most.
B000002HMH|4.0|All of you &quot;fans&quot; that relentlessly bash this album need to take a breather and think for a second. Sorry, metalheads, we're no longer in 1982 and you can't rock like you're 18 forever. So, if you are determined not to like the newer, more mature stuff then don't post negative, poorly supported reviews. Jeez.<br />As for the album, I'll admit that &quot;Load&quot; isn't perfect. &quot;2X4&quot; and &quot;Mama Said&quot; are pretty weak, and a few others are instantly forgetable. The standout track is &quot;Hero of the Day,&quot; which I found to be an absolutely brilliant song with inspiring lyrics. Other memorable songs include the moody &quot;Until it Sleeps&quot; and the energetic &quot;King Nothing.&quot;<br />Overall, buy this album for &quot;Hero of the Day&quot; and &quot;King Nothing.&quot; The New Metallica is here to stay, so deal with it by giving this underrated album a chance.
0316776963|5.0|After breaking three ribs on a vacation boating accident, I was layed up at home for a few days. I had picked up &quot;Me Talk Pretty One Day&quot; a few weeks prior after recognizing the name Sedaris as being the brother of Amy Sedaris. I was skeptical at first, as I am not a big fan of short stories or &quot;essays&quot;.<br />How wrong I was! After reading the first few chapters of this book, I realized that I had to wait awhile before I could continue! Every page I read had me laughing so hard it hurt too much to read on! It was literally side splitting! <br /> Now that I'm feeling a bit better and have finished &quot;Me Talk Pretty&quot;, I've just purchased &quot;Barrel Fever&quot; and ordered &quot;Holidays On Ice&quot;. All I can hope for is that Mr. Sedaris is busy on his next book because I'm almost healed and ready for more!
0679879269|5.0|Two and half years ago, I was lazily browsing in my local library for interesting books to help me pass the summer holidays with when I happened to stumble across an old and used book that was slumped in a corner of a bookshelf.  The book was called `THE GOLDEN COMPASS'.  I didn't think it looked very interesting but strangely enough it was the first book that I read when I got home.  Three days later as I closed the last page of the book feeling anxious of what Lyra's next adventure would be, I also felt completely awestruck.  I had never read a book like the Golden Compass before. It was completely stunning!  In the last three days, I had felt gripped and astounded by the storyline.  Lyra travelling to find her kidnapped friend Roger only to be caught herself in camp like children's prison where scientists were carrying out horrendous experiments on the children in order to discover the true meaning of `dust'.  The children were being gruesomely separated from their daemons (which were part of their very souls)! The book also introduced us to Lorek Brynisson and the Witch Serafina Pekkala who both helped Lyra and Roger with the other children escape from the prison.  I felt that the book was beautifully written with very believable character descriptions.  Obviously I had now become a huge fan of Phillip Pullman and thus eagerly rushed out the next day to buy the next sequel to `The Golden Compass'. <br />I found the next instalment to be `The Subtle Knife'.  This book introduced us to a new character called Will who had just killed a man  and in his escape had stumbled upon a glass like window which had led him into another world.  The world of the Citagazze.  Here he meets Lyra and becomes the reluctant owner of the subtle knife.  Him and Lyra then set of an important journey with her searching for the meaning of `dust' and him searching for his father.  Again I felt completely entranced by this book, managing to finish it in just two days. It was a perfect sequel to `The Golden Compass' consisting of a full satisfying story but still managing to end with a gripping cliffhanger.  The end of the subtle knife left me aching for its prequel.  Therefore you could understand my disappointment when I learnt that it wouldn't be out for at least another two years!  <br />I MEAN TWO YEARS IS A LONG TIME TO WAIT FOR A BOOK! <br />However, as it turned out, I was EXTREMELY WRONG!  I bought THE AMBER SPYGLASS  on Monday and by Tuesday I had finished it.  It was by far the best book that I had ever read!  I was sceptical at first that Pullman would be able to out-do the previous two books in the trilogy but he managed it and then some! As with the first two books, I found myself again being captivated with the storyline but there was a feeling of awe as I felt that Pullman was treading in a direction that no other writer had gone before.  I mean TO SUGGEST A WAR IN HEAVEN WITH GOD BEING THE ENEMY IS JUST COMPLETELY BOLD AND DARING!  I liked the fact that Pullman wasn't afraid to go to against a belief system that most of the world believed in (and has believed in for thousands of years), and then completely destroys that belief system.<br />In the Amber Spyglass, we were again introduced to old characters like Serafina Pekkala, Lorek Brynision, Farder Coram and the Gyptians.  We were also introduced to new characters such as the Lady Salmakia and the Chevaliar Tialys (the Gallivespians) and the low ranked angels Baruch and Balthamos (aawwww). Also present were Mrs coulter who I found was as captivating and unpredictable as ever and the all powering Lord Asriel.<br />The storyline of this book was of Will travelling to find Lyra with the help of Baruch and Balthamos.  Lyra  had been taken by Mrs coulter at the end of the Subtle Knife.   On his Travels, Will meets Lorek and on hearing of Lyra's capture, Lorek decides to help Will find her.  On finding her, Will and Lyra  ( along with the reluctant Gallivespians) then decide to travel tothe world of the dead (him to talk to his father and her to seek final forgiveness from Roger as she felt his death was her fault).    I don't particularly want to give away too much of the ending form this point but it will make you cry or feel gut-wrenchingly sad for a period of time.  I ACTUALLY CRIED AFTER READING THIS BOOK AND FOR A FEW DAYS AFTERWARDS  AND I HAVE NEVER CRIED AFTER READING A BOOK BEFORE!  <br />Despite the main storyline the book also had a few deeper moral meanings and guidelines.  It encourages it's readers to always try to keep an open mind, to think more rather then remain passive recipients, to always seek to find new meanings to things and to not always put their needs first.   <br />The Amber Spyglass was by far the best book in the trilogy consisting of an extremely satisfying and yet so simple conclusion to the `His Dark materials' trilogy.    It was certainly a book that made me think which I have never encountered in other books before.  The Amber Spyglass is indeed an ambitious and classis epic which should be treasured by all those who read it.  <br />
B00003CXCW|5.0|This one is in my all time Top 10.  Anyone who finds this film boring should stick to Wrestlemania.  The script is outstanding , full of quotes you'll remember as long as you live.  My favorite line is William Holden's (Joe Desmond) about Gloria Swanson (Norma Desmond) and her ill-fated comeback &quot;There she was....waving at a parade that had long since passed her by&quot;.  It is a wonderfully cynical look at the cold hard Hollywoood life.  I could go on and on.  Why isn't this great film on DVD?  Get It!
B00003CXZ4|5.0|This is one of the best movies I have ever seen.  It is original, superbly acted and brilliantly edited together for a unique viewing experience.  The premise of the movie is that Leonard (Guy Pierce)is trying to find the men who raped and murdered his wife.  Unfortunately, he was hit on the head by the men who assaulted his wife and now he has only a long term memory and his short term memory fades after five minutes or so (meaning he can't make new memories).  He copes with this by writing himself notes on paper, pictures and even tatooing certain bits of information onto his body.  The style in which the film explains the story is brilliant, as another way of developing such a unique character would have proven inadequate.  The movie starts at the ending and works it way to what normally would be the beginning. While it goes about it in this fashion the plot unfolds and we are introduced to various characters that all interact/affect the main character (Guy Pierce) in some way.  The question is...who is truly a friend and who is an enemy?  All is revealed in the movies satisfying and unexpected ending (er, beginning).  Memento is a creative and intellingent story that is crafted brilliantly and assisted further by stellar performances from all the movie's players.  After watching it, you can't help but get philosophical and try to divulge some deeper meaning from the film and life in general.  I know I've been pondering something.  If Leonard can't make new memories since the incident, then how is it that throughout the movie, anytime he meets someone, he always tells that he has this condition and can't make new memories?  Since  he didn't develop this condition till after the injury it should not be in his long term memory and no where does he have written, &quot;I have a condition that doesn't allow me to make new memories.&quot;  Very interesting.
0553573403|5.0|Like everyone else, this is undoubtedly one of the best fantasy series--SO FAR--I have ever read.  Many people are comparing Mr. Martin to Mr. Jordan.  This story is comparable to Mr. Jordan only in the epic nature and size (read number of pages) of the fantasy presented here.  I really enjoy a well told story and Mr. Jordan does that very well.  Unfortunately, he is not, what I would call, a good writer.  A good writer is someone that can craft a sentence to say precisely what it should with no more or less than is needed to convey a mental picture, to advance plot or provide characterization.  Mr. Martin on the other hand is a great writer.  He provides exactly the right amount of detail, wit and characterization to convey exactly what the reader needs.  Add to that the ability to tell a story that grabs you and doesn't let go and you have a book that is rare in the fantasy genre.<br />Now, I will not summarize the plot or give spoilers but I will say that the books so far are VERY fantasy light.  What I mean is there is little in the way of overt magical use and/or supernatural occurances.  It is also important to note that SO FAR, the books are completely unpredictable.  This is not to say the plot-twists are overdone, inconsistent or unbelievable.  Actually, they fit in extremely well.  It is simply that so few authors can develop a plot this sophisticated and characters so distinct that it is different from the vast majority of books out there.  Finally, at least SO FAR, don't expect the old, tired good v. evil confrontation.  All the characters have shades of grey.  Some you will like and some you will hate but there are good and bad qualities in each character which makes them that much more alive and believable.  I hope you pick up the series and I hope Mr. Martin can continue the level of quality set forth to date.  Enjoy the read.
B00005BJ2O|4.0|I love the sound! Bits of rock and latin music and a touch of opera make a wonderful combination. The Elephant Love Medley is truly magnificient. I have to admit I was amazed by Kidman's and McGregor's voices...stunning! Still the best song to me is The Tango de Roxanne..hard to describe it in words.
B00003CXZ1|5.0|Tomb Raider is good movie, not as great as any of the Indiana Jones movies, but still good.  Angelina Jolie was born to play this role.  Best archeological movie of the summer.
B000003Z6I|5.0|You gotta love the mix of gospel/blues and devilish, hell bound fury!  This cd packs quite a wallop, and it's definately not for the faint of heart.  I recommend anyone who has heard this album to listen to his latest &quot;no more shall we part&quot; and witness the huge leap in maturity.  One thing i wish Nick would change is the awful, terrifying picture of him on the cover.  He looks like he was a half a step away from the grip reaper ( too much of a good thing i imagine&quot;).  One listen to &quot;cabin fever!&quot;  and St. Huck&quot; and you will remember Nick for the rest of your life.
B00003CXAA|5.0|The Godfather trilogy is the best movie series ever and the Godfather is the best movie ever.  The acting was superb,especially De niro in Godfather II.  the screenplay was wonderfully and the directing was astounding.  The [movies][ are definitely worth it for this masterpiece set.
0345413377|5.0|The Golden Compass was one of the best books I've read in recent years; I was disappointed by The Subtle Knife, though, so I was a little hesitant about reading The Amber Spyglass.  It being the last, I particularly didn't want to be disappointed.  Oh my, was I ever not disappointed.<br />The book is a little overcomplicated at times, with too much going on, too many characters being introduced, the motives of existing characters being thrown into question, too many places to keep track of.  It's to Pullman's credit that it all remains comprehensible rather than dissolving into chaos, but there are definitely moments of sensory overload.  I still give The Amber Spyglass five stars, though, and recommend it more than highly, because even when I felt a bit muddled, it was so emotionally compelling that I was entirely caught up in it (I'd say I couldn't put it down, but it's a sad thing when I _can_ put a book down the first time I'm reading it, so it wouldn't be saying much at all).<br />There's a desperate quality to this book -- everyone in it knows the end is coming and they're all rushing forward, trying to impose their vision on that end -- that I as the reader could not help but absorb.  And yet there are moments of absolute peace in it as well.  In fact, one of the things that makes it work, that makes all the fantastical things you have to accept to get through it acceptable, is that occasional sense of peace, the moment of respite as the characters come to terms with what is happening and what they must do.  That pacing, that depth of characterization moved me as I can remember few books ever doing.
0451203933|5.0|I felt like I was there. The heat, the smell, the blood, the horror; was so vividly real. As a former AC-130 Gunship crew member that hunted the NVA along the Ho Chi Minh Trail, &quot;Black Hawk Down&quot; transported me back to another time. . .of war.<br />Bill Morales<BR>Author, &quot;The Fence&quot;
B00003CX5P|5.0|The best movie ever in my opinion, ignore the critics and enjoy it for what it is: the beginning adventure of the Star Wars series. The plot is critical to the prequel trilogy and will set things up for the events in episode 2. I love this movie because of the political chaos, the way Palpatine manipulates everyone, and the Jedi's fight with Darth Maul which has to be the greatest action scene ever filmed. The effects are top notch and the scenery on Coruscant was amazing, extremely well done. Aside from the movie, the new scenes and documentaries are worth the price alone. Outstanding, a look into Lucas' world. This dvd is packed with features and extras that make it such a great entertainment value. 5 stars don't do it justice. Star Wars Episode 1 rules!
0688156819|5.0|I stumbled across this book a while ago and bought it for my sister (who shares my macabre sense of humor and delight for \\"Gorey-like\\" illustrations).  She loved it so much that she bought a copy to give to me as a \\"thank you.\\"  If you like dark humor as well as the stylistic charms of Edward Gorey and Charles Addams, then this book might just be to your liking.
